Kanye West turns the Magga up to 11 our
conservative Republican president has
made even the socialist president of
France love us and a new study shows
global warming alarmism is largely
nonsense then hotep Jesus Brian sharp
comes on the show to discuss trolling
white liberals at Starbucks the too long
didn't read is the Conservatives are
finally winning the culture I'm Michel
Knowles and this is the Michael Noel's
show
I can't take it I can't take it
Elizabeth I'm coming I'm coming
Elizabeth there is too much winning i
mr. president I wish I had believed you
I'm sorry I didn't believe you when you
said that we would get sick and tired of
winning I don't know how much more my
body can take I'm going into shock I'm
starting to freeze up a little bit what
a day before we can get into all of
these things especially mr. west kanye
west we got to talk about upside what
today is all upside there is no downside
it is all upside today and upside is a
great company and they help us keep the
lights on so go use them and visit them
because they will make your business
travel much much better I can personally
attest to this I travel sometimes for
these speeches around the country and
business travel can be a real drag if
you don't have a whole team of Mission
Control working for you and that is what
upside provides in the old days before
upside I would just basically have sweet
little ELISA controlling everything
I'd call in its have to take another
meeting which really means stay late at
the bar she say Mack I can't change your
flight I do you're gonna have to be
latent in there all these fees and all
it's just an absolute mess being an
astronaut was a pretty cool job because
you could you know fly through space
land on the moon you get a parade when
you come home that's all great but
astronauts wouldn't be able to do what
they do without the great folks at
Mission Control that's what upside
offers book your next business trip at
upside comm go there right stop what
you're doing
stuck don't stop listening to me keep
listening to me but go to up side comm
slash cough FA Co V Fe Fe it will take
you through every step of the way it
will handle every problem that pops up
specialists at upside will work 24/7 to
make sure your flight hotel car rental
all go off without a hitch they monitor
the trip around the clock they
proactively keep you posted on
everything that's gonna rain if their
alternate flights home in case you want
to squeeze in one more meeting you know
or whatever you got to do down the
street at the bar trust me once you have
committed once you've experienced a
committed team looking after every
detail of your business trip you're
never going to want to go back for easy
booking competitive prices and a team
that always has your back
look your next business
an upside calm for a limited time this
is pretty insane never did nothing for
you this is a good deal when you book
your first business trip with upside you
will get a minimum $100 amazon.com gift
cards and since that's the only place we
buy anything these days
that's just free money go to up side
calm slash go FFA CoV f EF e to book
your first business trip up side comm
slash cough fa CoV f EF e get at least
$100 amazon.com gift card when you book
your first trip 600 minimum purchase
required while supplies last seaside for
complete details it's a really good deal
did I tell what did I tell you yesterday
what did I tell you I you know yesterday
was all death and destruction and old
people dying in that poor baby alfie
being murdered by the UK government and
the socialist bureaucrats of the UK
healthcare system then genocide that's
how we ran it out the show yesterday a
little depressing but today Oh today is
the exact opposite of yesterday Kanye
West is sounding like a rock ribbed
conservative this guy is not just
throwing out hints I can't wait to tell
you about it I'm gonna save that I'm
gonna say that toward the middle of the
show that's gonna be like the real
delicious part of this show but also
let's not forget Donald Trump has made
French socialists love America and also
just a little extra bit here
doctors are advising men to stare at
boobs to improve their health this is an
actual news story going around today
then science deals another crushing blow
to lefties global warming alarmism and
if that last one weren't a sign against
the apocalypse I would think that this
is the apocalypse right if it weren't if
that last great news item didn't say
explicitly that the world is not ending
right now I would think the world is
ending the French like us for some
reason they love Trump the biggest pop
culture store in the entire world just
loves Trump and you know where's Maggie
hats and things like that - good let's
start with global warming this is this
is the easiest way to dive into it let's
just dip our toes into that that not
very warm water so a new study in the
American Meteorological Society Journal
of climate has concluded quote future
warming is likely to be substantially
than the central computer model
simulated level projected by the IPCC
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change and highly unlikely to exceed
that level for comment we turn now to
former Vice President Al Gore when the
world is rid of member peg everyone will
say thank you for your super awesome the
end interesting hadn't considered that
perspective I don't know that that day
is gonna be coming anytime soon because
you know there are of course there are
lots of studies the alarmists studies
and these studies show how the airspeed
velocity of an unladen swallow proves
that global warming is going to kill us
all in the next five minutes the trouble
is if you're going to predict the end of
the world you have to be right your the
tree if you keep predicting the end of
the world it doesn't happen you're going
to look foolish at not coincidentally or
providentially perhaps Earth Day was
just on Sunday April 22nd birthday has
been around now for 48 years almost half
a century so it's kind of fun to look
back in 1970 the first Earth Day ever
let's see some of the predictions they
made they say it let's see if they they
came true
48 years ago on the very first Earth Day
Harvard biologist George Wald said quote
civilization will end within fifteen or
thirty years unless immediate action is
taken against the problems facing
mankind and by the way when they say
immediate action they try to put it in
this language that it's this is look
this is just science this is just
science this isn't partisan this isn't
conservative or liberal or Republican or
Democrat it's just science as though as
though there were scientific politics
right there isn't a scientific politics
as though scientists have anything to do
with politics as if they have any
expertise they don't maybe they have
want some expertise in one field
apparently this guy didn't have my
expertise in his own field but that
doesn't mean you have expertise in any
field we talked about that yesterday and
about what GK Chesterton said about the
problem of expertise so 15 to 30 years
unless immediate action is taken which
really means unless we do all the public
policies that the left has wanted for a
hundred years but ok so that that action
wasn't taken and it looks like we're
okay looks like we made it
the New York Times though in 1970 that
first Earth Day predicted the extinction
of the human race
that's a modest a modest prediction did
it happen no the thing is if you predict
death eventually you'll be right you
know if you kids a it's actually a safe
bet in the long run as john maynard
keynes said in the long run we're all
dead but they haven't been right so far
now they're still holding out hope the
biologist Paul Ehrlich predicted in 1970
that 100 to 200 million people per year
would starve to death from
overpopulation during the 1970s 100 to
200 million people per year did that a
lot of terrible things happen in the 70s
but I don't think that was one of them
he predicted that four billion people
would die in what he called the great
die-off of the 1980s didn't happen
actually everyone had a lot more food
and had a much better life and the
economy around the world soared as
really nice Denis Hayes a co-organizer
of Earth Day said in 1970 it was already
too late to avoid mass starvation the
probably the greatest public health
crisis in America right now is obesity
but everybody said in 1970 it's too late
we're all gonna starve the trouble
around the world is that everybody is
too fat that's he could not have been
more wrong
Peter Gunther said by the year 2000 the
entire world outside the West would be
in starvation and I guess the entire
world outside the West is now trying to
enter the West for other reasons not for
starvation so maybe maybe that
complicates things but isn't that the
case that's not true at all hundreds and
hundreds of millions of people have been
lifted out of poverty just in China
alone over the last thirty years just
did not happen
Life magazine reported that scientists
by now know you know in 1970 that by
city dwellers would have to wear gas
masks they would have to they couldn't
the pollution would be so awful they'd
have to work gas masks everywhere not
even not just those things that certain
people wear on airplanes you know the
little little filter but just actual gas
masks don't remember that happening they
said by 1985 all around the world
air pollution would have reduced the
sunlight to the earth by 50% by a full
half the ecologist Kenneth watt
predicted that we would run out of oil
by 2000 not only have we not run out of
oil we're gonna start drilling for even
more oil in all those places that
Democrats won't let us drill we're going
to Anwar work in a drill baby drill
we're gonna get that delicious dinosaur
juice out of the ground and we're gonna
keep driving our cars and it'll be just
great they also predicted this was
Kenneth watt the ecologist in 1970
predicted an impending ice age how
quickly things change and what it's all
based on by the way is they say if if
present trends continue da-da-da-da-da
if trends continue dead it Edyta but the
trouble is none of these models are ever
right very few of them predict anything
at all and in the long run none of them
have predicted much much at all if
trends continue but the trends don't
continue we're in we're in a dynamic
space politics is dynamic the climate is
a chaotic environment they you know you
could say this with presidential
elections you see this all the time some
party wins an election and they say oh
my the other party is over the other
party it's over they should just they
should just forget about their party
they should dissolve because it's over
if the present trends continue their
party's over
but trends don't continue because we're
people politics as the affairs of men
and it changes all the time and it's in
the present and it can change on a dime
in ways that we can't predict year there
are as Donald Rumsfeld said there are
known knowns known unknowns and unknown
unknowns you know things that you know
you know and things that you know that
you don't know and things that you just
don't know and that's that's a much
truer view of the world you can't we
just can't predict these things the
egghead experts want to say that I can
tell you what the velocity of the
unladen swallow will be in 20 78 they
don't they just don't know we have to
get to even by
scientific news and then of course to
Konya but before we get to that I want
to welcome a new sponsor and this is
very providential for you all because
you know listen we we talk about talk
about love on this show we talk about
romantic sort of things you know I try
to give a little dr. love advice every
now and again and I really want to thank
EE harmony for coming on eHarmony is the
antidote to this terrible culture that
we're in harmony actually is the
antidote you because now you know all
dating is online
everybody does online dating I don't
think anyone has gone on a date with
someone they met in person since like
the early 60s at this point and so it's
all online and the question is what are
you gonna do how is that gonna work in
this new culture so you could do you own
lazy text messages you know Netflix and
chill hey you up want to hang you know
and all this lazy soy boy nonsense but
or are you gonna these dead-end
conversations or these random matches so
now you know it's just this lazy really
shallow and degrading thing where you
just swipe and your do it you know like
it's a it's a personal ad or something
you know it's not it just doesn't look
great I actually missed all of this by
the grace of sweet little ELISA
but it's so the swiping and that's all
this shallow thing that's so degrading
what you want is a harmony harmony is
great it helps real people find real
matches and it works on so many levels
of a compatibility people are very
compatible that are grateful that they
found one another and you can meet the
one that will complete your life yeah I
actually I've had some friends who have
used this who've signed up for it they
rave about it they say it is so much
better than anything else out there
harmony is built to help you find
lasting meaningful relationships it uses
decades of science data and
psychological research to send you the
right matches brings compatible people
together this thing there's a reason
that this is the number one most trusted
dating site or app in going going around
right now based on a 2018 survey of
sixteen hundred US singles this is the
number one most trusted site and app
there's a reason why don't settle for
something that is shallow and gross and
degrading do something that'll that
treats you like a human being and it's I
couldn't recommend it more highly
right now right now don't say I never
did nothing for you I'm about to I'm
about to really help out your love life
someday when you know you're having a
romantic night think of me you can get a
month free with a harmony when you sign
up for a three-month subscription enter
my code qoph fa @ check out co v fe fe
you know cough fa is an aphrodisiac co v
fe fe enter that code at checkout and
you will get a free month go to e
Harmony calm stop waiting start your
journey to a satisfying meaningful
relationship it can be fun to play
around with all those little apps but
when you want to fall in love and have a
meaningful relationship there's one app
that's built to bring you that love e
harmony come see how he arm you can
change your life harmony calm enter
promo code cough fac of e fe fe a little
chilled cough fa on the half-shell
there's nothing like it mmm get that get
that little boudoir time started okay
hey speaking of by the way this this is
a perfect segue speaking of the boudoir
in other scientific news according to
scientists published in the archives of
internal medicine the british medical
journal and how men aged scientists have
concluded there is or about six proven
ways to live longer to have better
health and some of the top ways to do
that are stare at boobs have a lot of
sex and don't worry about working out
too much i I I have known this
intuitively my whole life I feel like
maybe I'm some sort of savant some like
Rain Man of men's health because I tell
you from I didn't have to read that in a
scientific study but it's a this is true
now because apparently staring at boobs
if you're a man makes you happier and
that's the power of positive thinking
people live longer they report lower
levels of stress all these sort of
things and having lots of sex I guess is
a is I don't think I need to convince
anybody that that's gonna put you into
better health you know have you feeling
very good and and what was the final one
I'm sorry I was thinking about boobs and
I totally forgot
oh yeah and not working out too much
that's the other one so you get to stare
at boobs I have a lot of sex and don't
work out because there's something so
not conservative about working out a lot
about going to the gym and really when
you're like a man and you're worrying
about your checking out your abs in the
mirror and you're like a little soy boy
I don't know how else to put it
real men don't care about that that much
they want to sit around and not have to
go preen and like goo jogging no man
should ever jog and like they would just
want to smoke cigars and eat pizza and
like hang out and read and be a cool guy
so all excellent news I really I was
skeptical of science when they said that
the world was going to end in the 1970s
but I think science is getting much much
better because they're telling us that
Al Gore is a dummy and everything that
we know about what makes us happy is
true a good day for science way way way
too much winning and the real winning
here or the real hashtag winning is
cultural I like the science stuff too
it's all culture conservatives are
finally winning the culture this brings
us to Yeezy Kanye West so Kanye West has
been tweeting these great things that it
sounds like he's a conservative
Republican he starts adding me just
tweets decentralized okay all right yeah
I agree we should decentralize we should
have more local government more local
controlled any tweets you don't have to
agree with Trump but the mob can't make
me not love him we are both dragon
energy he is my brother I love everyone
I don't agree with everything anyone
does that's what makes us individuals
and we have the right to independent
thought so at this point I am I'm
actually just a Kanye West fan I don't
really like his music that much but I've
become a Kanye West fan so at this point
now the media are saying he's insane
they say oh he's crazy oh he's this he's
that
then he tweets out a picture of him
wearing the magg ahead because he's just
playing around right he's just like
giving you a little hint so yeah I like
Trump personally then he's wearing that
Maggi head and the media go crazy and
they say they're actually reporting that
Kanye West is mentally ill that is how
they're because they're so in their own
silo they're so in their own little
bubble they don't realize that half the
country
voted for Donald Trump but they don't
know any of those people they don't know
anyone who voted for Donald Trump so the
only thing that this could mean is the
Kanye West has lost his mind
kim kardashian to her credit credit
tweeted out and said you can't mental
health as a serious issue and you
shouldn't be bandying around these
smears and allegations so carelessly my
husband isn't crazy you know basically
or he's no crazier than he ever was he's
no crazier than he used to be
this has been building for a few days
Kanye West tweeted out a video of Scott
Adams the Dilbert guy who's he's not a
right wing or a left winger but he's he
likes Trump any kind of understands
Trump so Kanye West tweets out not just
a video of Scott Adams but a video of
him watching Scott Adams and this is
really important because it's it's
involving you in his realization it's
involving you in his participation in
something conservative it's not just a
random tweeting say oh he didn't do that
it's bringing you right into his living
room right onto his computer and this
was really shocking I mean this is so
good he's is this all started when he
said that he likes the way Candis Owens
thinks friend of the show red pill black
Candice Owens so how should
conservatives react to this I know Ben
has been urging caution he says don't we
shouldn't embrace these celebrities we
don't like we're not fans of Kanye West
we're not yeah you know and he says
crazy things we shouldn't embrace him I
don't I don't disagree with the premises
here that we don't always agree with
Kanye West and we don't really like his
music that much and we don't have to
pretend that he's some great political
savant or philosopher but we should
embrace what Kanye West is doing right
now we have to do it that we have to
take the wins when we can get them we
should not be borrowing problems from
tomorrow look this is what the culture
is politics happens now
it happens now in time and space a lot
of times conservatives won't take yes
for an answer say no I don't think so
look do I like Kanye West's music no do
I have to like Kanye West's music no but
he's doing something good give him
credit for it abscess is the biggest pop
culture figure in the world
of maybe other than Donald Trump and
he's embracing Donald Trump he's wearing
the magg ahead that's a big win take it
don't say no he he didn't do it on my
terms
we're not winning the culture on my
terms who cares doesn't matter we're
winning this is a wonderful thing
because politics is downstream of
culture as Andrew Breitbart was fond of
saying and politics is about people the
Aristotle said the thing that makes
human beings human beings is politics
man is the political animal politics is
the affairs of men and all the good
politicians are people people you got to
be a people person you got to like
people and you see this in all of our
presidents all of our successful
presidents certainly they really like
people they like being around PU see
that with like Bill Clinton like hey
honey I really likes people probably a
little too much but everyone is a people
person I got in trouble on Twitter when
that little dog was killed on United
Airlines someone said you're not a
people person or you're not a dog person
are you Michael I said no I'm a people
person
Donald Trump is a people person kanye
west same thing this brings us to the
president of france before i can get to
that we got to talk about ring because
you know I'm a people person I like a
lot of people but I don't like people
who try to rob my house or hurt my
family
those are people I don't like which is
why ring is a great product ring is so
helpful ring has this video doorbell
I've talked to you about them before
they connect right to your cell phone
these guys have totally changed the home
security game with a doorbell who would
have thought so I'm gonna play a little
clip that they sent over but you know
this is like the Jetsons kind of
technology you go all your cool friends
have this now it installs very easily
you click and you can just see whoever
is at the door right from your phone
anywhere you are at work or on the beach
or wherever and you can talk to them
back and forth it uploads everything to
the cloud all right I'm gonna play this
clip then we'll talk about it a little
bit more so a crazy-looking guy walks up
to a home the first thing you hear is
him kicking in the door and then the
homeowner catches him
hey hey leave my house I'm calling the
police
okay what you need to do exams my house
stops now or I'm calling the police
why would you tell me that because
you're trying to push my door in leave
now
smash what's in there I'm calling police
okay
I am the police something tells me that
guy's not the police I don't know what
it is about him so ring in the old days
there was a neighborhood watch which
isn't very effective and you know you'd
go you could get into a very dangerous
situation ring makes this very easy it
is the 21st century it is unbelievably
inexpensive and it when you get that
crazy guy come up to your door you can
upload that video straight go straight
to the cloud you can share it with your
neighbors so you say watch out for this
crazy person I don't think he's with the
police it's really really good and even
if they steal your ring if they say I'm
gonna steal that doorbell then then I'll
get away with it won't happen it's
already in the cloud save up to $150 on
a ring of security kit at ring.com slash
anoles KO wles
that is ring.com slash Knolls I've got
one it's phenomenal it's a really really
good $150 off when you go to ring.com
slash Knolls KO WL e s is mine because
you know sometimes democrats who
purchased copies of reasons to vote for
democrats and we're very upset that it
was entirely blank sometimes they try to
knock down my door you know so I need I
really need good home security so I can
lock them out okay back to people people
Donald Trump is a people person that's a
that's a great thing for the
conservative movement it's a great thing
for the culture sometimes conservatives
are a little detached from people Trump
doesn't have that and look how it's
paying off here he is with the president
of France mr. president they're all
saying what a great relationship we have
and their action
correct it's not fake news finally it's
not fake - so it's a great honor get
under the hood but we do have a very
special relationship we have to make
them perfect he is perfect so it is
really it is really great to be with you
in your special thank you thank you
thank you I like him a lot
I can tell you're a people person Donald
and people like him everyone's trying to
figure out they say why does Emmanuel
macaron that delicious French cookie why
does he like Donald Trump so much and I
think you just like some basically I
think I guess it's advantageous in a way
I don't know that it's terribly
politically advantageous for him to be
nice to Trump I think they just like
each other they get along that's a good
thing Americans hate the French and the
French hate the Americans but we're
getting along that's a great thing it's
the it is the power of culture and
speaking of winning the culture how
important this is I sat down yesterday
with Brian sharp who goes by hotep Jesus
and because a hotel trolled white
liberals at Starbucks talk about getting
in there and subverting the culture I
you know okay I really want to play this
but unfortunately I've got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube oh it's
really good though you go to a daily
wired calm right now and sign up just so
you can see this interview so if you go
to daily wire calm right now what do you
get you get me at the end were Clavin
sure you get the Ben Shapiro show you
get to ask questions in the mailbag
that's tomorrow get your questions in
only subscribers can ask questions
though everybody can listen to them and
you're called but few are chosen you can
also ask questions in the conversation
the next one up will be little old me
and so make sure you sign up before then
again none of that matters Kanye West is
wearing a mag ahead
Kanye West is tweeting Republican
propaganda for the last three days get
the leftist here's tumblr as soon as
possible I won't even keep talking go do
it right now or else you're gonna drown
we'll be right
okay i sat down with hotep yesterday he
offer an excellent insight on this exact
question on this exact question of the
culture it's absolutely hilarious
here's hotel Bryan sharp hotep Jesus
thank you for being here thank you for
having me
hotep I got to tell you I had to pay
every single penny for this delicious
Starbucks you have managed to find a way
through that system and collect your
reparations for Starbucks I should say
before we talk about it I I don't think
anyone who's watching has not seen this
video but just in case someone missed it
somehow this is the greatest role of the
year at least here is hotep Jesus
getting Starbucks reparations justice
you better go inside get my free coffee
y'all ready
yeah ready hey dawn alright our ajal was
racist so I came to get my own free
coffee yeah I heard you guys don't like
black people so I wanted to get my
Starbucks reparations
what's that if I don't really think it's
a real thing
yeah I need I need a free cloth that's
what I'm talkin bout
this is justice
reparations man get my rubber razors for
being black in America black lives
matter
I'll take caramel what's the name I
appreciate you Amanda
whether you are great is it I wish you
the best yeah you know say you gotta get
your free coffee out here maybe I get
your Starbucks reparations man oh yeah
this is how we do man black lives matter
baby all right
hotep to begin what gave you this
brilliant idea man I don't know it was
like a gift from God as soon as the
whole Starbucks thing happened you know
I had this idea I was like if I go
anywhere near a Starbucks I'm going to
claim a free coffee and I'm gonna live
stream of all I do it and I just
happened to be there with the fam and I
look up and there's a Starbucks and I'm
like should I do it should I not do it
I'm like you know how we get down so I
just went ahead and did it man had to
make it happen you know if you if you
identify as black you could go in there
and you should be able to get your
drinks for free well that's what kind of
what I wonder because I am of Sicilian
descent which is fairly swarthy like I
don't know if it quite qualifies I got a
say man it from one troll to another it
was just brilliant it was so good and it
gets to a very important point which is
I try not to be delve too much into
identity politics or demographics or
whatever but if there is one demographic
group it really just drives me up a wall
it is the white liberal because they are
the most moralizing preening usually
privileged group of people in the entire
country and you totally turn them on
their head you totally mock them just
perfectly did you expect that reaction
when you went in there absolutely when I
first had the idea I knew I knew the
reaction I was in the gate and I knew I
was gonna get people in the right upset
too so I was like that was more reason
to do it you know but you're right like
liberals like like they complain about
everything and I'm like you guys
literally have the most power like you
guys have all the media outlets like I
can't
get a job unless I'm a liberal you know
what I mean like like conservatives have
blocked out everything and these people
complaining like what do you complain
about people silencing you when you guys
own all the media networks you guys are
literally the journalists typing the
article about being silenced on a
mainstream outlet no like I can't even
get on there that's right I mean
obviously in America the the privileged
culture is the left-wing culture they
run popular culture in Hollywood in New
York they run the corporate culture they
run the campuses they run education
really from kindergarten all the way up
through graduate school and and yet they
they always pretend that they're
fighting against the man you know as
though the man were conservative and
that obviously is in the case we know
Barack Obama's IRS targeted a
conservative groups we know Hollywood
regularly blackballs
conservative groups now it's funny
because when I saw the video I just saw
clips of it and we've now reached this
period in politics which is described by
Poe's law where you can no longer tell
what is satire and what is reality like
the American Left has become a parody of
itself are you catching flack from
conservatives who don't get the joke oh
yeah I I tricked Alex Jones Alex Jones
was immediately upset being in election
yeah I mean it's really easy to make
that guy upset um but yeah I mean my
mentions my Instagram Facebook I had
people cursing me out like oh you you
n-words need free coffee and what is
this you're you couldn't get your
welfare check and it's just funny to me
but you know I kind of laugh it off but
I expected that well this is this is one
aspect where we have to criticize
conservatives in the culture is that
that you know it's true that we get shut
out of Hollywood in New York and all
that but it's also because conservatives
sometimes are a little bit Philistine
like they don't grasp performance art or
aspects of the culture and they just
like they don't get the joke sometimes
you know
that's no good I mean that I think nor
McDonald described Twitter is a great
place to tell people that you don't like
them very much you know there is a lot
of anger on Twitter there but would you
call this performance art is this is
this part of any broader project that
you're working on you know I never
considered performance art Laura
Ingraham referred it we refer to as that
I don't know maybe it is you know I've
I've got several clips where I've done
you know short comedy sketches on my
Instagram but I didn't look at this as
performance art I really looked at this
like I just want to make fun of people
right I just want to make fun of crybaby
liberals and I want to troll people
because it's ridiculous that it's come
to this that that we're at a place where
we're talking about racism in Starbucks
and then when you go look at the guys
right the guys who were actually
arrested and they spoke out they go this
isn't even about race some like all
these people made all this fuss and the
main people involved say it's not about
race so we brought all this up for
nothing as racial bias training for
nothing so I'm glad I did it and made
fun of the situation well that's the
that's a really funny part because um I
think everybody knows that does anybody
actually think that Starbucks is racist
Starbucks is one of the most like
bleeding-heart companies on planet Earth
they're always virtuous signaling
they're always trying to do that you
know and your video totally mocks that
you go in and you the words you use you
know this is written Starbucks
reparations this is justice in 2018 it
is mocking that culture where everybody
can be so happy that there is such
little racial discrimination that we you
know you can kind of worried about these
ridiculous things like you know coffee
cups or something like that that that's
a wonderful thing now do you do you see
obviously in the video this comes up the
left doesn't seem to have much of a
sense of humor anymore and conservatives
seem to have more of a sense of humor
they still get angry on Twitter but they
seem to get the joke a little bit more
why do you think that is I think that
conservatives are more down to earth
you know liberals are
pretentious you know they stay in their
lofts in midtown Manhattan latte-sipping
in there yeah and they're completely
detached from society all they know is
you know like it's so easy to troll them
like they were getting trolled by you
know memes during the entire election
and and 4chan it's trolls them like
monthly and they always fall for it I'm
like you know like how are you guys
falling for this stuff like it just
shows that they're not internet savvy
they're not political savvy they're not
people people you know and I mean that's
the case I think they're not people
people because a lot of studies from the
election they showed it wasn't that
education level predicted who you were
gonna vote for it was the education
level of people you knew if you
interacted with different kinds of
people and you were around guys who work
blue-collar jobs and people who were in
management and educated people in this
if you knew a lot of different people
you were a little more relaxed about the
election maybe you like Trump a little
bit more and if you were isolated and
you were totally siloed and all you did
is sip lattes on the Upper East Side or
Upper West Side then you you couldn't
imagine somebody not voting for Hillary
Clinton it's really detached from
society I have to ask one more question
in response to the flare-up in
Philadelphia where the guys were
arrested at Starbucks the Starbucks has
now closed thousands of stores for
mandatory sensitivity training or or
unconscious bias training which is I've
never really understood if it's an
unconscious bias I don't how are you
gonna solve that that's unconscious
right how are you gonna actually will
constantly be conscious of that that's a
separate point is it enough or should
they close all of their stores worldwide
and just go out of business and leave it
to Pete's coffee and Dunkin Donuts to
take over the rest if they're gonna have
racial bias training they should just
shut down the entire company because
that's just ridiculous and it's stupid
and then the people that they chose to
be in charge of racial bias training you
know Eric Holder n-double-a-cp in a do
like these people know nothing about
lack
people if we're gonna have racial bias
training I would say that you'd have to
have the locals in every city of every
Starbucks come in and just kick it with
the staff
you know like throw a party throw block
party and have just the locals be
invited and just let people interact and
get to know each other so when you show
up at the Starbucks you know Jessica
behind the counter you know Amanda
behind a counter and Amanda knows you
you know what I mean
like you can't train people to not be
racially biased but you can bring them
together in the same room and and share
coffee and share pizza and then people
will work out those things themselves
but you can't train people to not be
everybody is racially biased
I'm racially biased towards black people
and white people I treat them completely
different I treat different economic
levels of black people different I don't
talk to my hood friends the same as I do
my more affluent black friends and they
don't enjoy the same type of
entertainment you can't train that right
like you you have to just learn that
from being around a diverse group of
people and liberals just aren't around
in diverse group of people like I had a
whole boss liberals hell couldn't stand
it she wouldn't take the subway I'm sure
lots of course like I'm like she's like
oh my god you went down there like yeah
it's just the subway but these are the
people that are trying to dictate what's
right and wrong in society and tell me
I'm wrong for my views but you don't
want to come down in the subway and hang
out with crumb folk well it's because
they love humanity but they hate humans
they don't really like people that much
and so it's such a it's such a good
point about the Localism of it all if
you want to saw if there if there is
some problem between groups of people in
a community the way you solve that is
you get the groups of people talking
together and spending time together and
get to know each other you don't get
some corrupt crony like Eric Holder to
come in and lecture you on some academic
talk about racial biases or whatever
that isn't gonna solve anything
it's so pointless it's just virtue
signaling yeah I'm with you there to
shut the company then they're moving
money around that's right be money round
let's be honest they're taking
our books liberal dollars and they're
moving it into political pockets every
Coulter is gonna get a check for that
the n-double-a-cp is going to check for
that and say oh this was for black
people because n-double-a-cp got a check
but nwc doesn't do anything for black
people and then the ADL gets their check
so they just take liberals saying hey
here's some money we're gonna come
together and run a brainwash these
people with more liberal politics
they're probably gonna give them LGBT
pamphlets all they have is in
transactional yeah and gender binary sis
whatever vocabulary in dictionary
they're out of you're describing my
identity thank you very much this is
what they're gonna do to these people
they're gonna just brainwash them with a
whole bunch of nonsense and they're
actually going to create more people
that are more retarded than usual I
can't use the word retarded on it's very
not allowed anymore yeah even though it
just means slow but you're not allowed
to say that it's very you're gonna
probably get arrested by the thought
police for that but it's true it's gonna
so more rancor and more division that's
all it does it literally just keeps
dividing people by different categories
speaking of giving money to worthy
causes because though you know giving
money to Eric Holder is a very unworthy
cause but but your videos are extremely
entertaining so where can people find
you books by Brian cambiar ye n is the
best way you can get my Twitter
marketing book shows you how I got on TV
how I got here on this lovely show and
hope tap nation com to follow the
movement hotep nation.com hotep Jesus
Brian sharp thank you for being here
very good to talk to you
very funny and some very good points
himmat thank you appreciate it have a
good one a much needed day a much that
was really good I was while we were
watching that interview that I'd done
yesterday I was just going through the
Twitter feed and it you know we just
have the Republican president and the
biggest pop star in the entire world
they're just like tweeting love letters
to each other right now ha that's pretty
good pretty good stuff get your mailbag
questions in I'm just gonna be floating
on a cloud for the rest of the day I
think I'm no more work I'm just gonna
not that I was planning on doing it
anyway
just gonna spark up a stogie have a nice
drink this put on my maggot hat
ah good stuff
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Knowles show get the mailbag questions
in I'll see you tomorrow
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
austin stevens edited by alex Zingara
audio is mixed by mike core amina herons
makeup is by Jeshua of era copyright
forward publishing 2018
