it's a new dawn it's a new day it's a
new life
Oh me and this windows dirty
good morning ladies and gentlemen it is
a fresh new dawn in no Abu Dhabi Dubai
we are in Dubai and today's the day
we're going to take I say oh just way up
there Yeah right exactly right about
there gonna take ourselves up there I'm
gonna throw ourselves out on a plane
so with eight further ado let's get
downstairs and get our asses over to
scare you die Eve Dubai I've been here
like one night and I managed to make it
a lot of the entire places exploded but
I've been leaving my laptop uploading
for eight hours and it still got two
more left to go loose again if there's
one thing Dubai needs its got like all
the most amazing things in the world
it just needs faster internet phone
wallet passport no common sense cuz I'm
about to throw myself out of a plane
we're ready Boop so this is actually
gonna be like my eighth ninth of time
skydive which is pretty crazy but it's
so many times now that I'm not nervous
to do it I do absolutely love it bought
I have no idea what the experience to
give away as a skydiving Las Vegas
before and that was kind of like mm and
in all honesty my favorite skydive of
all time was the first time and not cuz
it was just the first time for because
it was in England and we skydive from
like you know the plane to cloud through
cloud and then from the cloud down to
the ground which was just amazing like
three different experiences or as every
other skydive since has just been plain
ground it's just been like breakfast of
champions
the top of them often Oh years
welcome to skydive duper Oh Nellie
look at that city skyline that is just
mental you're anytime in poverty you're
ready Riddler the Betty spaghetti okay
I'm waking up I'm waking up ocean is so
dang blue looking beautiful we here we
out there
we're right where we got why are we
going mmm that way there'll gravity room
oh that's an actual water jet bike come
on we need to stay more days in Dubai
yeah science it's fine it's probably
fine that is where we are going this is
where we take off and this is what we're
gonna see and I am excited too
I think this might be the best skydive
I've done yeah visually I think this is
gonna be the best and temperature-wise
this is a legit setup in here okay oh
whoa Wow looks awesome
oh I want to go online well yeah I want
to go in laughs that looks dope what you
don't know Simon what you don't know is
that we're actually doing a zombie
outbreak look to your right look to your
right look to your right
help us no not them put on a wall you
all right I don't think it was on bees
oh yeah look at that voyage that's
incredible
squirrel sue in with a 360 count that
looked mental that looked absolutely
mental welcome to the VIP room bro look
at this okay I want one thing out of
this room it's that clock sick fry link
check the computer oh that's mega I
don't know who made that but that is a
dope-ass PC there's a gaming setup what
if they put it here for us do they what
okay if you were placed in for an aren't
you going to make where we're dropping
by aspiring have you seen this I don't
know how to get it done boy there's far
tonight boss music so when we're going
up in the about the plane before we jump
I'll play some of that music
put in the bottom-left miniman to thank
the bus driver hey you ready I'm ready
I'm so excited so I'll just tell right
every time I'm like I just want to do it
so well I might do that just like but
you know going up around it again do it
again do it again do again again the
dream so I'm you gonna say goodbyes the
eastern shit yourself
yeah you're here it's connected why you
very welcome and we gonna jump through
how's it how the feeling I'm really
excited yeah let's got that before it's
the most surreal feeling in the world I
feel like this might be the best ever
place to do it because first time here
first time here 8 skydiving told ya yo
are we going for 9 hope you like it and
you'll never still hopefully I'll be
able to do it solo one day that's the
dream you guys are watching this and you
don't it makes you look like babies
let's do this yo let's do this enjoying
upon and see there in the air
best guide I've ever yeah this guy's
amazing
let me fly and hope to see you again
amaze it amazing if you're not good to
subscribe and do it we're going to go
more adventures like this now it's the
sickest thing I've ever done thank you
so much honestly thank you it was the
best so down got it the one thing that I
will complain about is of one complaint
I just did not know where to look I was
like wow look at the palm you know look
at the sea look at the scene girl look
at you guys got it I just did not know
where to look that was hands down the
most amazing thing ever
I'm gonna do it again right now thank
you skydive Dubai amazing if you're in
Dubai you don't do it and it's like what
not even 11 o'clock nothing can beat
that I love like my favorite place on
earth is being in a plane just looking
out the window you know that when you
fly in similar hair but then to be able
to throw yourself out of a plane and
just do that is everything did you lose
your breath did you ever lose you prefer
yes every every three seconds good
unbelievable that might be the greatest
like that might be the greatest
experience of my life clean out the
plane yeah was it scary see we go there
was no one in front of me I'm used to
people jumping in front of me so I was
like oh god this is weird
pretty so good do you need to speak to a
doctor because hammers eyes yeah
look at me oh my gosh women who were
like you've been on a massive bender
Simon was me struggling yesterday it's
worth coming to go to go skydiving just
to get LA sky dived by USB
then it's time to go apparently there
was a car picking us up Omaha
oh no my if you've done for me you
bastard just Rock a roll team yeah I
think we need to walk to the road to try
and find our vehicle of choice God dude
it did like a 360 backflip wow that was
no whoa look at that guy
yeah he did another one like a full 360
oh my gosh just elephant flying through
this guy go
I was trying to interrupt it's alright
just incredible look at that one person
just chillin up there minding their own
business here we go here we come come
come come come come come I want a job
it's Belle to do this all day every day
most amazing view as well
alright let's see will they stick the
landing or will they face plan yeah then
they're not allowed to touch the floor
with the bottom otherwise have failed
now there and I could nailed it ah easy
noise I can it's gonna be a bad London
Oh nailed it well then couldn't tell you
if it's supposed to be that color I'm
not but you know what if I can dive in
it later on I'll be happy oh loving I
want to go I want to go I want to go
that looks amazing it's not graphic
though you cannot steal a jet ski if
you're still a jet ski you're gonna not
only get in trouble you need hands
chopped off is it worth it yes sir how
far I go
go on them right so I found out that I
have to be awake tomorrow by 7:00 a.m.
then get the car to take me back to Abu
Dhabi to fly out to Manchester so it's
gonna be a bit of a brutal wake-up time
but just what you've got to do looking
forward to it it's gonna be a shame to
say goodbye but we've still got a fourth
date action-packed us ahead of us so
bring it on which also means though I
can't really go hard in the paint
tonight I think we were supposed to go
like hard hard tonight because we didn't
do it last night but because I've gotta
get up so early
not sure if I'm feeling I do anymore we
have been traveling around in the taxis
for Ahmed here we saw last night as
hooks it up and we're being picked up in
there yeah that's all yeah this is just
gonna get crazy let's go hey man listen
okay whereas a massage yeah it is yeah
it's got my side yeah well you got what
you get for being tall you know I was
gonna say I think we've got more leg
room back here than you up over there oh
okay get in it pretty good at it free
kick let's fridges we've got TV you got
I'm pretty sure one of these buttons
does like a block okay you can turn take
the blank down and oh whoa don't roll my
window that's a look I really don't to
see that person so just gonna put my
shade up yep you like to step windows
pull the shade down then the window is
great
trying to look at very very very nice
ride interests and see if it's one of
those ones where the actual you know
icon like pops into the bonnet got like
an anti-theft protection thing if
someone tries porn it it docks in and
hides very cool very nice rather than
like TV Guide to watch you know read
what you're gonna watch later today
there's just an iPhone what is it yeah
big kid I'm gonna go and play zombies
get home I'll go to youtube.com for star
syndicate yep out of this entire wall
look about just spotted Casey nice that
that is so awesome I can't believe I
just potted him there dj khaled I don't
trust this guy every time I feel him put
him on camera he's gonna say something
so inappropriate but he may have hooked
or one of the item number one things
I've ever way to do him alive so likes I
don't do by always wicked or Dubai so we
recorded something with an ITP guys he
was pretty awesome it was like guess the
the song from like you know YouTube's
that districts and all that stuff and I
failed felt so bad it was it was pretty
bad if you want to see he can find it I
don't want it out but I ladies know
right now we're taking boom wait Simon
this what you've got I'm going markings
I think it's thick and I've never been
in one so four bouts going the Tesla to
place called deals on wheels wizard the
door just magically opened for me hell
yeah okay I've never been a Tesla before
okay listen I I install it but I've
never I've never been in a Tesla before
okay so leave me alone look at the size
of that just part it's about the logic
of having a driver for a driverless car
I would say like just cruising I'm
pastor or at least look at him there's
just money money money
Dubai's in another level that's a good
trend that's a good I'm going to end
tomorrow
totally extend this threat world get
back to live streaming quitting daily
work well not quitting daily quitting
yeah I'm quitting daily walking but
still love you man I told you going out
doing really cool shit just not having
to stress about doing it all day every
day and days where am I tired I can go
over on extreme you know I you know not
something interest in soccer and
self-care it's worthless
it works best for my mental state just
sayin it's nice to take a break I am
pretty sure this is where we're going
deals on wheels look at the cars in
there this oh my gosh oh my look at that
oh my god I'm melting
laferrari oh my gosh that's insane what
do you say to this I don't know okay
look at this look at this what what what
what oh my gosh oh dude how much money
is in this room right now how much money
is in this room right now look at that
fifty two hundred million this is like
my song did you put this on did you but
this is my food oh my god
yeah I totally just recognized that I
was like wait a minute there's no way
they're just randomly playing this in
Dubai oh hey thank you very much what
this is two million two million dollars
oh yeah that one's gorgeous dream car
limited edition Wow amazing
absolutely this is like Batman's Oh what
Oh
may I love the wheels as well they are
gorgeous okay I didn't set the alarm up
and we're just trying to test whether or
not like the thing goes blow away this
is the owner you have the most amazing
showroom I've been to Goodwood Festival
of Speed and this is like 20 times more
incentive I like
good news great I was on the lineup with
all the cars and it was amazing to see
them but all these are so full I
polished including it and you get bonus
price for music as well yeah bonus+
music look at that imagine if
CaptainSparklez could have that that is
a beast oh look at these bad boys oh
that's sick a Javanese spare bumpers I
need a new bumper whoa jeez no I keep my
defender I'm never getting rid of it oh
that's nice that's real nice I like the
white and black is it tricked-out is it
like decked out inside it's nice though
it's real nice oh nice you got the
sunroof on it that's pretty cool an
Ariel Atom just is one of these wow
that's cool it's like I don't know what
to look at even this is this an Audi TT
it's not exactly one of these are a
golden Lamborghini or anything but check
their kit on that thing yes you know I
just need to bring my vehicles here look
at the paint job on it
it's so sick how much is it okay oh one
month oh it's a sign one more five
please that's nuts here we go oh my gosh
look at this thing
yeah no joke Dubai is the crazy city MLA
everyone knows everyone it's like I look
to do this and they're like we know a
guy and then like look at this showroom
right now they're having to empty out
this top section of showroom just to get
the big eye out for us to go for a drive
in it
actually what yeah we're going for a
quick spin look at that engine
all-carbon
it's like chocolate brown gorgeous I'm a
big fan I'm a seriously big fan right
now look at this thing I'm like dad dad
we're doing it we out here we out here I
can't believe I'm actually in a bag I've
a room right now apparently when Logan
Paul was out it was a big guy he broke
the Gaya bones and did a hundred
thousand dollars worth of damage
look at this interior man this is a
three million dollar car thank you this
guy's a legend oh yes oh my gosh yes
this thing is like a spaceship Mary
okay okay this is cool this is really
cool can't judge where the front of the
the vehicle is so it's like you keep
thinking you're gonna hit things when
you drive faster
I'm scared someone's gonna hit you oh
yes some fortunate we've got a plate so
we can't take it onto the highway right
now fight like that's why we'd like
truly be able to open up but there's no
place usually I have to do this like a
week in advance so we can actually like
proper drive it yeah because there's no
place we can but I leave tomorrow so
I'll take this either absolutely
the acceleration is not yeah I've been
in a bag a man this is next-level God
you look at stopping traffic for the
Maga
I tried my god
that's like a dream come true like this
butcher what's going on one big
we got a favor back to what a degree
it's not the greatest
hey 20% oh my God look at this crazy
Cyrus did it if you this was a bike
scared this is how I've longed just like
this jet with a smile of this big yeah
tonight you pay you know I'm a potato
that ones two million dollars two
million dollars three million dollars oh
I can take that off my bucket list
are we going in your car yeah we're
going in your car yeah I know wait whisk
Eric whisk our garden mmm
the black one I'll take the VM to be any
day so we are now go into a theme park I
am G world and he's not joking this is
what going in today as possible
listen how much cool shit can I come in
to one day it just keeps going
it just keeps going he just keeps going
Aventador look at that carbon fiber bro
this car is insane
look at this oh okay whoa
video games me I feel like I'm in a
fighter jet oh that's so nice I so
needed AC
I did I love you
hey renowned words to say literally bro
no words to say miss Hollis isn't
nowhere to gallop stuck in traffic
oh yes
oh my god oh my god holy shit dude dude
dude wow this really feels like a beast
like no wonder the logos a bowl like
made some monster worlds of adventure
let's go
it was just like drove off in the Lambo
to a theme park push this down hold up
oh yes it's a good driver it's a very
good driver thing is we having a cow
like this when I'd be so scared of
scuffing it or something like that well
yeah no no I'm just trying to not too
much money how do balance I was just
asking when I walked I was like what are
these like look at the ceiling how it
looked like armored I looked at carbon
fiber the sound panels because it's such
a big space like look at it such a big
space that it's so it's like it doesn't
just like echo throughout the entrance
with the dinosaur on top yeah how are
you drinking that straight away
yeah oh that's oh that's bitter
that's better what do you think I see
I'm trying to stay calm it's really hot
no it's not are you supposed to like
shot anymore he wasn't exactly a fan at
the coffee so we're gonna change the
appetite up here
with Chinese food like this place is
huge
so we're gonna have some food
straightway it will be in nothing like
you
I had the morphine thing at the start of
the day and that's been here I'm
absolutely starving but we now have it
sit down Chinese food and look at this
place salmon this might be the craziest
bet then this is very very nerdy and a
little bit the problem is though I want
to order like nearly everything
everything that's not on the vegetarian
menu come on I have to get you at least
once a day
four stars prawn crackers very nice very
nice now some super-proud toast shrimp
tempura the little moneybags nine out of
ten that was really really good bought
salt and pepper calamari go for it
I gotta see how big this is everything
is so fun we knew it was wave I've
probably put on so much weight this trip
alone I got barely on me man I got
actual belly I'm not I go into the gym I
go on yeah lovely dinner at Chen's
golden dragon and then over here we've
got the Avengers Tower we've done this
backwards we've eaten loads of food and
now we're gonna go on rides fast track
entrance Blue Lagoon oh the cool kids
right you obviously will be able to see
this because it won't make sense yeah
but all right let's do it
here we go
do this
we get really high I don't even know if
you could see anything on that there but
I tell you so it my head like after all
that food the skydive driving in a
Bugatti driving a Lamborghini and then
going on that and spin around already it
bro my mind is like I feel like my
brains loose I my brain is legitimately
like loose in my head so I'm letting
them going again it was a really good
rider don't go back on it bought me I
could probably throw okay I'm thinking
I'm gonna see them come out of this and
go back into it think I'm in the right
place I don't know if I'll see them
though oh I really want to edit come in
yet I see flashing lights going on okay
I'm pretty s oh yeah yeah yes Oh May
you have no idea how much food we've
just eaten and we're about to get thrown
around I guarantee I'm gonna throw up
like actually never ever ever ever in my
life
am i throwing up on the rise never
there's but this is about to happen even
cooler look at that that's awesome
oh I'm so proud of myself for not
product really yep that's a good ride
actually was
Oh
come on big man you can do it you can do
it you can kid you can do it look at it
look to him it's gonna bait eight a was
at eight three nine nine hundred oh he's
got it easy
that's good yeah oh my gosh boy like
what so you just did
8:47 you've got to be 847 oh you missed
it dude damn it apparently okay
oh no he's lying again he's like 30 we
care that was brutal
that was a brutal easy easy
900 900 900 no all of us is that a
beachside I have a bad wrist
he just said the new high score 9 4 3 9
4 3 dude one day go on
what dude 969 no way my guys at uni
gotta break it out come on that's it got
a bit now it's gonna be it that's it
that's it but oh my gosh dude I like
guys just keep going keep going keep
going last chance
ouch ouch
yes no that was Wes 995 I want to see
him here at Thousand OH
before we're going to Lost Valley we are
going visiting is this a dabbing zombie
or something that's going on in we're
going into this haunted house can't film
inside this one not allowed to spoil it
but we're gonna check it in out some
crush super happy
I love it I love being scared my
favorite thing pretty incredible that
this is all indoors like this is really
cool
we're in like the Lost Valley area now
dinosaurs and still this spot the Dino
high strike spot the Dino I don't know
the perks of walking around with the
owner you can just like go straight to
the front pretty good
so you know I'd love to film on the
right oh okay he's like thank you once
again
next right what is this room what's it
called Jory's called yeah what is it
yeah predator yeah
I'm gonna put my phone away I don't care
if I'm allowed this literally goes
vertical okay okay okay no okay
that was good I lose you and up and down
in the muff hammer on our battery and
bill this say okay I'm just gonna hold
on wore my brave lip backwards then that
was good
what I just came out nowhere for that
right that was good not real good good
that's a good one it's now time for the
Velociraptor let's do this no
velociraptors were not that big but
that's still cool do not let go of your
camera we've been told hold on tight
ever since like a lot of emphasis
there's no topping this day we're never
gonna see each other because they're
gonna go it won't be as good as my
skydiving today make sure you leave a
like rating for that business Shiva so
we've been told to hold on very very
tight focus hard
well the son-in-law bro turn around we
went that fast we went that fast that
I'd press star phone got to go on it
again I assume did a zoomed-in
throughout so it kept getting nice and
closer to my face dude my brain one more
time on the road oh my god Wow I believe
in you I believe I'm wonderful we are on
the front this time right when we set
off last time I accidentally stopped
recording but this time I'm trying
my god hey wait that's a good ride oh my
God look at that look at our face that
is the best thing ever that looks like
ah it's just sound panels but it looks
like artwork anyway oh yeah yeah it
feels like someone out of like a space
movie imagine if it was empty it was
just the ceiling you think it's like
some sauna to another dimension or
something it's just tricky as hell yeah
that's pretty dope Oh
Kito coins in it Oh coins just said you
throw some money in his mouth I've been
I've been eaten and spat out by just the
most incredible day so honestly I was
supposed to try and come here last time
I was out here like a year ago I just
didn't have the time to do it cuz I was
out early and he was just pure just
chillin it was like a relaxation holiday
and this has shown if we would have come
back then and done this how insane the
day would have been siren you must have
so much footage - held it all I couldn't
say is I appreciate you are you fired on
me I was so convinced we're gonna fire
it I was like why are you doing no just
a bunch of fields thank you
I'm gonna go throw up now okay just it's
too much too many feels too much Chinese
food see that brother thank you dude
this is the mall we're going to Simon's
is the official big dis open it would
blow your mind you'll never see a mall
again like this as a hmm
you have never ever seen a mall like
this honestly it when you see this
aquarium often it don't like fish tank
your mind will be blown is crazy oh
that's kind of cool she's turning it
into a beautiful rose what that's it
something so simple but so beautiful
you little artistic beauty look at that
you've just ruined Daniel what a weirdo
it is amazing because it was 20,000 Oh
Oh insane is that like it yeah I can't
believe it's still here it well I can
kind of believe it to the legs it's just
something else another world book it
really doesn't but then it's like I like
the black one you had one like this but
black but he's so busy done yeah Simon's
right like it's shining and glaring in
person but on camera you really can't
see it that is a cool are sign right
there but that right there is the most
expensive Breitling oh that one is the
most expensive Breitling and in British
pounds it's kind of like 45,000 it's
just gold and tells the time which is
mental but that's kind of cool in it oh
my god what anyway I showed the guys
that watch I really really wanted to
show them that watch company still there
I almost bought like Alma Reville too
bougie but I love gems or diamonds at
micro he's a machine I want some like
yesterday in college exam B's I was like
shaking that was grab like that drop
watch these are some of the weirdest
watches ever cut out one it makes no
sense I can't say it's just way too much
money in way too bushi like I honestly
love it just to look at it then what's
the point in having something so
expensive just what
Simon look how thick this aquarium is
dude look at this a cross right bro
several sharks oh my god it's huge
how insane is this how insane look like
you need to stand over it to appreciate
how nice I told you this day is the day
that keeps on getting bad oh my god I've
already seen this before and it's still
incredible there's a big fish that's a
big-ass fish look at how mean that shot
looks Oh May that's terrifying
what oh whoa whoa you can see its teeth
no no what do you think of the wall of
falling people the thing is it looks so
much better upside down
all right look it up now it looks like
they're raising but basically yeah
they're a touched via the penis yeah oh
my god they are not only is there a
Zamboni but there is indeed an ice rink
inside the mall I've shown this before
on this vlog but for new people this is
legit a full-on ice rink mental you can
play poker with this kabocha nc2 over
gear Wow özil
oh you can only see from the right angle
how cool that's magical that is actually
magical these watches are insane but
then you get to this and you're like
what is going on but then to beat that
even even more Wow sigh moaning do you
think my saying that is a gorgeous
gorgeous watch like that's I'd like to
say I don't screw up too bad there you
go nice feeling fresh and ladies and
gentleman we have a new addition to the
family
boom treated myself to attack I've
always been a fan of bright
things and tax feeling fresh I am
feeling new loving this one look it's a
watch way you can see like straight
through to the back of it looks looks
absolutely gorgeous but it's time to go
out for dinner so let's back in oh oh oh
oh oh
fist bump ooh oh wait wait what boom
let's have a look Oh may yeah we got a
we can remember this awesome time we had
together oh look how strange this is the
patch that's like a picture it's a tree
welcome to a kind of shopping precinct
that looks things like with restaurants
and Oh boss
we have Chen's book nice little
sculpture here and sugar factory you've
never been to a sugar factory pretty
sure it's got one of the most amazing
set of cocktails of like anything you
can imagine just basically just got
other sweets in it but we're waiting for
the rest of the boys we're not sure
where they are and then we're going for
dinner which we are currently
very late too so a police of choice for
tonight
is a Getty is in this like Lebanese food
maybe smaller than if it even still
serves because really killed me because
oh my gosh if this is what we're eating
my load Amex low
yeah that's other cooking it that's the
Robin what we made it to the restaurant
this table again already time and that's
it you're not being rude but we're
extremely full oh you like it I'm gonna
try that
oh love fish absolutely love fish that
is mega it's all over everything on this
table the one is absolutely just and
then even better just goodness and meat
is incredible poor lamb chops out here
incredible spike my hair up nice and
nice now I've been sign front of this AC
unit which is just blasted me it's a
potato girl stone
look at how much food is on this table
ninety-nine percent of which you got a
for another week and a half you look you
just eaten homeless look up all this
food you just brought this over and then
look at this behind us they've run out
of room so they've got more tables for
food this is not tables cleaned look at
how much food got leftover oh my gosh oh
my gosh this is pretty long blog for
your guys faces book we've finished the
food it's now bought us one they're now
talking about going out clubbing they're
still building this place by the way we
got invited as like VIP guests which is
just mental or the bathroom and we've
just got to the cord that we're going to
right now and when you walk in through
the front door this is the desk that is
sick
it's got not only a beer pong table it's
got a football table and another beer
pong table this is so sick
no way I'm pretty sure this is supposed
to be English yeah trained spy yeah it
is
I love you mommy it's been a pleasure oh
no no we're all quite intense well
they're just a bit but I'm not just
being rude being like Oh women
prostitutes not a slice like we walked
out and they were all try grab like the
girls like grab me was like a big boy
I'm like no oh no I'm not got small
penis it's just right apparently I've
been told several never times what did
you say come clean come in last time
wait we have to see you again no
response for the Bonifay really my neck
I feel like we need that one obviously
yeah cavalry James has gone to bed I'm
inside you actually husband do you miss
it
the only
the only good thing is if I miss my
flight then I don't have to go to Abu
Dhabi I'll just book a flight from here
to Manchester a lot of money boy okay
we'll do it
see you later Runa wait please just for
the blocking why are you running
why are you ready I don't know why are
you ready it's the best statement in the
winds pp in Venice
