oh well that's one way to wake up my
house alarm just went off and screamed
its living tits at me to get me out of
bed
therefore I'm awake at 8:00 a.m. oh boy
am I glad I'm awake to enjoy this rain
but do you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna play fall tonight all day I'm
seriously beyond addicted to for that
right now season five is absolutely
incredible and I'm gonna go into the
office play it to light twelve o'clock
that's like four hours a game time and
then I'm gonna get one more day feels
good didn't think the flock was gonna be
on time today but I might be uploaded in
13 seconds yeah hey all right so where
am I going today we're ever going today
what am i doing today what I'm gonna do
I am going to a Food Fair seriously I'm
going to Food Fair cow and Alice we're
going off there for a little date and
then the Arang moves like what you up to
I was like no food just playing part
night and they were like yo weathers got
nicer we're going to a fair wanna come
uber for Tom Thank You ppreciate bye bye
we are now setting off on an adventure
like oh I got rushed out of my house to
come pick out some day cricket right
already
whoa I said that languege professional
third wheel yep you're good no cars
coming let me know your dates
well if you're gonna keep doing abusing
my washing machine I'm gonna keep
turning up using your boyfriend daddy is
it these days walking around I was gonna
go hunting welcome to chargin bark
fields and fields and fields I'd do
anything to have that much Lund this is
a great day the guy in the herb we just
pass just bass ever good for parking
saved us 60 quid yes man got the best
deal of the day wow this is quite big
well buzz around I forgot the for
performance tan house congratulation
co-ed in she would come to the foodies
festival go-go girl okay first of all
cash machine second of all is a cooking
theater that looks incredible you want
you and try all tell us I think you
might be a Djinn apology okay so of
course I got card to try the spices is
it jump this awesome this is called
regret
well is it already you know I'm
questioning why I came to a food
festival where there's all these like
tryi bits in all this and I can't eat
any bit cuz it's not healthy I know it's
like you could say have a cheat day but
my cheat day was kind of on Sunday so
okay you know how badly how badly I want
to devour that entire stand it's not
fair
ain't nothing stopping me getting some
of this you know what I'm about to throw
this diet under the bus cuz it's tempura
so it's like deep fried that's nope life
is so boring when you trying to eat
healthy nice to find this thing which is
full of like olives pickles and shit
like that
a few little pieces of uh I want to say
Spanish ham so I'm okay with this Carla
found healthiness health elf
Alison can't buy this all the time it
turns out you watch shroud yeah there
you go
the gaming scene represents done thank
you very much okeydoke my man good shot
by Cal I'm a live paella so I got my own
pie its paia
do you say paella paella chicken sausage
right I'll do me on this side not so
great on that side very great it's quiet
over able this one
he's absolutely scrum alums chili chili
oh is the guy that is the guy give you
chili okay
so this is you know that hTML is linked
family of three news to Chile just was
called Madame Jeanette come on
that's the first time I've ever seen
that I see y'all in sugar tweeted about
it all the time she won The Apprentice
that's her actual business she wouldn't
she won the competition didn't she and
then that's her business that's a big
dog that's a seriously big dog
that's not a dog is it that's a bear hey
that dogs been outplayed this size
versus this size oh I would love to
devour your crap right now but no you're
gonna have to be my food reviewer soon
as I can get you go in it so you've got
a lobster roll here Alice presentation
looks incredible you can walk
this is how because he's got cabbage on
it
wow that's good I know yeah who the hell
goes for food festival and doesn't eat
food it's arrived this is it I've been
waiting all day for this moment brain
has come and the rain has fallen you
can't even see it that bad really
right I don't think you can see it at
all but it is indeed raining from the
rooftops you might not be able to see it
but you can definitely hear it before it
will be soon and we have a good time
what's this wait
we've been out of Kippur this is the
England abuse take this this is the
England I know and this is why I'll even
go travelling the world instead you're
done four hours to wearing white jeans
genius ah just so I've said Alice his
problem with the rain these sausages
were in a bag it's now on our head not a
fan
go Cal run run run yeah so even pour it
from the log oh oh
hoping for big splashes oh god I've
found another one oh my gosh that's
beautiful
so the defending ease by the way when it
usually starts raining England is when I
usually we've just been fun Olivia but
my time has come
goodbye oh wait what Oh posted Alice
yeah every time I feel my doing that I
guess worse it was oh wait on me anyone
is for did my nose bloody hockey knee
dude I might just go get my defended you
to drive through that because that looks
amazing
do we know I've grids in this country
what on earth is going on
corn car little 800 cat I got okay name
he's like a dog he's like a little
adventure he's looking a little boy it's
Tom and Colin the captain adventure
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo meet about things
you know they Colin Tom's got adventure
did did did do didn't want you to shop
Oh
yum-yum-yum-yum yum-yum-yum you have a
meow meow meow that is the biggest cat
I've ever ever seen big cat a cats like
oh my gosh what is this thing falling
from the air I've not seen this in
months no you're leading it out come on
fender come on keep looking outside I
think he's must be enjoying what's going
on here you go oh my god she's he he's
like there's so much information
oh my god a bunch if you saw the days of
the day we're gonna stream some games
me and Kyle I've just been playing
geoguessr I'm gonna roll the clips Wow
so welcome to geoguessr ladies and
gentleman where me and Carl are playing
this this website where basically it
gives you a random location on Google
Maps and you have to try and guess where
you are using this little map please
welcome to you think that's freak all
right okay okay zooming it's Canada
right now okay that's where I need to
plan gosh where abouts in Greece though
Greece central your central central okay
make guess all right skip me continue
you were completely wrong it was Moscow
only three countries away yeah on also
1285 miles you literally had one job one
goddamn job our next round I'm so where
where are we
Bush okay so we are currently right
oh wait wait is that actually a question
I thought that was a question my where
are you you're on road number seven
where this road number seven this is
number seven yeah number seven of eight
that doesn't like an American number
just saying that right now I reckon this
is in the middle of bomb truck nowhere
I was gonna say Kentucky but no I'm
thinking I'm actually I'm thinking
Missouri
make a guess continue bros Russia
what did I say I said Belarus um well I
use did you enjoy this location yes five
stars that play next round
Canada oh I can Hawaii
no that's volcanic in it that's that's
the hell of a shout though Oh Miriam Kai
bro oh wait we're in Oh 420 blaze it
vixx vixx that has been here Vicky and
Kai about it mate look at the ocean that
is as tropical as it gets and these boys
out there I've said in a row
Iraq bro there's no desert around here
Bulgaria now that looks like a nice
house I actually think you might be on
the right page with Hawaii I reckon
about Morocco you know what maybe
Australia I'm actually thinking of
Tralee just cuz this seems like a yo
bitch thing to do and yah be she's very
Australian by the way if you can go so
wrong with Australia because it's so big
make a guess boom I picked there and it
was in Indonesia on this tiny little
island next round
oh well that's cool Canada Canada this
is America record Texas Dallas Houston
Louisiana yes I want to say Texas but
I'm like in Louisiana go boom Oh Montana
French Montana
I'm a what face wait what happens if I
go forward Oh mate I got a full cheese
oh wait wait wait wait wait wait
newspaper on the table we're in India
we're in India wait
are we fucking Greece
that's Indian grease wait look hey
there's a camel outside right I'm dude
I'm you know what I'm actually because
it's a resort and that's there I reckon
this is Greece actually let's call for
grace boom but why the fuck some guy in
an office space got got a calendar of
Greece I have questions business owner
I'm getting a one-star yeah there was
there's there's a lot of inconsistency
there so let's never play this game
again I have to do a massive shout out
to this person who's been supporting me
for so long though piranhas the purple
dinosaur for forty nine months on Twitch
what an absolute legend needs to take a
second right now to shout out the four
thousand three hundred people in it
we've got Tommy's awesome one two three
four thanks subscribing Duffman PS p
sweeney thank you very much him
jaywalking and fuzz ranked thank you
very much for subscribing guys
appreciate it i'm currently streaming i
came six place in my game kyle is got
six kills and there's only one guy left
you just nailed it seven kills dude GG
and i think from that last clip you can
see how much passion I have with playing
video games and cow and just doing
anything general cow I love surrounding
myself by like positive people and
positive vibes and for streaming and
gaming a lot of stuff I'm so glad that
me and Kali doing more of it cuz it's
just I love it and I'm do it for like
five six years by myself of streaming
and gaming but I've been like a partner
in crime now being Kyle makes me so damn
stoke so guys I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog and I hope you like what I did with
the the stream today putting it involved
you know in the vlog I know I did the
year the fortnight clips and some people
were like oh it's on there's a bit too
much fun I don't really want to watch
gameplay if you wanted to watch gameplay
ways but you know we watch
gameplay channel not a vlogging channel
but I think like you know that geoguessr
stuff I know it's not for tonight and it
kind of is a game but I think it may it
makes sense to put it into the vlog
because it's me and Cal playing the game
together so if you guys enjoyed that I
want to see more stuff like that then
make sure you leave a like rain leave
some comments down below of
recommendations of like what we can try
whether you want me to throw some like
reddit reactions Inc said about what our
youtubers do that I know CaptainSparklez
and poop I do a lot of that but it might
be funny to see some of the reddit
reactions of me and cat of me and Cal
I've mean Cal going through stuff so if
you guys have any recommendations that
leave them in the comments thank you
once again for watching this vlog you
could be doing anything with your time
but you chose to subscribe to the
channel and watch this and if you're not
subscribed make sure you were quick
YouTube account click the subscribe
button it'll say subscribe and then
it'll change to subscribed a little bell
will appear next to it if you click that
bell your turn on notifications and
you'll hopefully never miss a vlog and
don't forget you're going up 48 hours
left to get the poster going to be down
in description this is never ever gonna
be on sale ever again so if you want to
get one we're gonna be hand signed every
single on of a me and Kyle I'm gonna sit
down
non-stop get them done and as soon as
we're all sad we're gonna get shipped
out to you guys so if you do want to get
one of the 99 of 6 and out of forces
fought that fiend of me and Kyle that he
got me from a birthday the on sale until
Sunday at midnight so this is your last
chance so don't say I didn't warn you
cuz once we're gone they're gone oh I
just realized Kyle's left his wallet I'm
sure I'll be asking questions about that
so thanks for tuning in and I study us
