we're awake from last night I'm feeling
alright yeah pretty good yeah I'm
feeling good though I really thought you
TVs arrived yeah yeah that's what I'm
talking about finally makes the room
look bad dad we think the TV beautiful
beautiful thrown out the window this
completes the room for sofa arrives
tomorrow
Rick you'll have a new home Ricky 11 new
home and ex what I'm talking about I'm
gonna make the room look back dad we
think the TV beautiful beautiful thrown
out the window this completes the room
but sofa arrives tomorrow
Rick you'll have a new home Ricky 11 new
home or do you believe it or not ken is
uploading a video to YouTube are in fact
he has a wardr video to YouTube
superstar in the making my hair looks
invisible what I'm having we got this
I've now got a stop putting like loads
of weird gels and stuff in my hair to
wear make sure it's clean
oh I got some new toys boys I got the
Amazon echo so I can put it up here and
just be like Amazon tell me where to
find this I don't tells me everything I
want to know which is cool and then got
another toy here which if you're
wondering like what the hell is this
this is like when the battery charges
for your iPhone sort of things but this
is so when I'm traveling like really
long distances right got this but boy it
can charge like an iPad like five times
like the new iPad so shitload of battery
and you can charge like an iPhone I
think like eight to ten times which is
beast mode it's really fucking heavy to
be honest book that's great and then
we're gonna sell the Amazon echo and
start asking it random question oh yeah
dad don't get a Ford Focus he comes back
in a goddamn convertible Camaro then as
absolutely typical of him I was like I
knew I just knew it wasn't gonna go back
get a Ford Focus or a Ford car and then
that'd be it like he had to do it in
style and of course
there's his style first shower with the
grain and actually didn't change at all
no like no gray nurse came out at the
bottom of its that's awesome and it's
all pretty much just stayed in so
because thank you up now and return to I
spike yourself there it is returned back
to a novel spike yourself I feel like
actual me now and I don't have spiky
hair I never feel like me so there I am
it looks really good the color done it
if you like it guys let me know down in
the comments what's next after die B's
Awareness Month
what other stuff can we do to raise
awareness for cherry my hair is now a
platform for spreading awesome
information alright adventure time
obviously taking the stairs again as
usual but it's adventure time we're
going to get in in the yellow Camaro I'm
going seen what the world has to offer
fun fun let me hit me up so these guys
are down we might go to an abundant mass
camp big mistake dad big mistake he left
the keys in the car
bye oh she's a beast she's an absolute
beast it's fun definitely no good drive
anymore just because I don't want to
crush it into a fucking wall so yeah -
go and get Louie let's see how this goes
and his name is hello there there is the
matter of the hour or somebody from the
Facebook's finally in the same place
not like there is a Nazi on the ground
camp anywhere around house I'm not sure
it is this is absolutely insane like
I've been all over LA I've been like
over Malibu all that starts different
scene nice houses but these ones are
just like dimensions lunch is clearly
worth like I think we're in the range of
like 50-plus million houses here and
we're still like nearby looking for an
axe account that's what I call a ride
mate how'd you like your dad oh my god
yeah it made it to the parking spot now
we have to walk down this road to find
the Nazi camp
it's still kind of confused that is
absolutely beautiful I don't think we
could be here at a better time
yeah no I've got catch him this house
must be worth so much money
and it's Underground to it
and it's two stories holy shit money
money money money
there's no money side I'm just pointing
out your no my that's all you're like an
action photographer I've got to get the
shot that is money right there tennis
court at the bottom and three stories
what's this Oh security I didn't know we
just walk past their security now know
it oh we're going to nuts become
apparently not supposed to go in it but
if I don't see a sign then I don't know
otherwise I've not seen anything say so
so we can't go in sofa so I'm pleading
innocent
well let's avoid these guys it's getting
a little bit more sketchy now there's
more and more graffiti appearing as we
go let's continue on definitely
definitely had a bad day we're trying to
instructions of how to get to the Nazi
camp three fifths of a mile
specific we found the start of the
adventure does it look trustworthy
the Sun is going down so we are
literally racing the clock to get there
but this is awesome
just for an idea of how steep this is
that's flatland okay there's the steps
just whatever you do don't fall it was
at this point that the nazi zombie
killers found the zombie nazi wall
listen I'm just convinced Enzo it's a
Nazi come it's getting late at night
it's the middle of nowhere cause bound
to be zombies and this is it look at
this this makes no sense it's like a
paintball facility how are we gonna get
over the fence are you gonna go jump it
yeah Ejim wait wait Louie look look I
don't I don't I don't think ice net-net
look I think all right okay you do that
now okay man you still mister naked guy
hello going in going in gonna get shot
or stabbed Wow well that smells like
some fresh paint has just been done it's
still wet that is incredible yeah them
dudes definitely probably did it
definitely probably that's how confident
I am please tell me that's not a
staircase to go down please tell me
okay let's go down there okay I'm now
climbing on the roof this is soldier oh
there's another building up there I'm
climbing on the roof I'm probably gonna
fall come on up Louie come on up you
guys down there mate
you're right don't worry we're just uh
checking out our new home Oh some Nazis
have a pit totally gonna film this just
in case
you one was mash your head in a wall I
to fall through the roof
welcome to my home Louis yes vodka that
was my only client pression no Nazi
Zombies so far bit disappointed but I
want to try and find a spray can that
can put like life of Tom on the wall so
you know this is the kind of artwork I
want to see this sauce to that is pretty
pretty damn random that is awesome and
oh you're in a cage oh great
and now you get stuck in there forever
well there's security for this place is
pretty damn intense look at it and then
everyone was like yeah fuck your fence
alright for the love of me I could not
tell you what that was that thinks it's
a fuel tank always did it in it makes it
look like a weird hot but it's just in
it in oh look at the waters that is epic
my any youtubers telling me to film
Louie doing this because he is most
likely going to fall and it is going to
be an Internet viral video okay we
thought we'd seen it all and now this
looks like a bunker those people a
because his bags he's back full of stuff
there what the fuck is going on
this is pretty dumb trippy so this is
clearly all a big build until it's
collapsed Oh boys I'm a girl I I have
found a zombies Easter Egg no it's not
no it's this found the word mog mog City
confirmed this is black ops 3 zombies
inspired this is the next map it's the
DLC yeah this buff has to be here from
being it I don't think anyone's cared
about this entire way ow
the middle of nowhere this is a map to
back where are we going can such a
random spot to build this so Louie was
saying before like the story behind it
is that this was built to harbor the
Nazis once they kind of like won the war
and like up until but winning the war
shit so it's gotta know is just beyond
me but there's a nasty zombie right
there wait you're just you're mental
you're a god damn no Matt no man with no
care climbs on rusty buildings climbs up
falling down rocks this is Wow oh I wish
you were on the other side of that hill
this would be beautiful we're whipping
over rocks looking for spiders cookies
webs here so we're gonna try and find a
spider or a snake or scorpion I'm on it
I'm on a mission now I'm on a mission to
find some food poisonous boys this is a
furnace you know the map the giant is
usually a monkey in there this is where
you get the annihilator from when you do
the Easter Egg this is all connected you
just have to ask the question of like
how did this even get here we love you
oh there's definitely zombies around
here I'm scared so exciti brief moment
when I walked up a hmm right and put out
$100 to ever finds me a snake scorpion
are a spider first all right you don't
get any bonus points all your insurance
cover it if it bites you fucking shiny
it's a big field what okay see in there
girls down there just randomly filming
one is dressed as an old woman and one's
got like an old-fashioned camera what
are they doing you can always follow the
guided path or you can just say fuck it
and take the beaten path and just get
yourself lost in the middle of the
forest because that's what was Cassell's
do night has fallen we have returned to
the creepy stairs you'll have the time
to graffiti ever seen one of these damn
steps like you think will it don't use
the same pain
well of course I decided to come up as
well because why not this is not safe
this is not safe hey at least we made it
bro maybe this is the adventure we
finally did together this is how it's
done
yeah the first is many for sure we
survived the Nazi time talking about
Christmas decoration McDonald Alan Lee
yes this is this is an American home to
me that's like something out of a movie
that makes me so happy on the inside my
dad's first time fighting the new car
guess we'll never see that again Oh
focus but what the hell you guys can not
read what that says that's all
should we try that one again what the
hell you got it literally it will not
let you dairy go then she's gave back to
me get ready to eat good boys get ready
to eat good
hallelujahs got nauseous tree
again all of it oh my goodness music
walking here cause can't see shit I am a
man of my word are you shit just like
completely let go I went to pay someone
generati fucking run off what is this
about I love you honestly best day ever
you two as well have fun in San
Francisco first of many adventures guys
hold into it we like I said I'm gonna go
South Africa it's gonna be doing Luis
Channel be down in the description go
check it out it's gonna be fabulous
you'll enjoy actually be enough to see
what you're looking at unlike his
amazing channel cell thanks to
appreciate let's hang out but again
before I leave I cry every time we are
home and it's time to set up the echo
well I cry every time counts out the
echo simply because I got a UK phone AKA
UK app store and you need an american
exclusive only up to download to be able
to even set it up i'll use it and
therefore i can't do that can't download
it therefore can't work it try changing
the app store won't let me says i need
an american bank card great failure my
most favorite shirt of all time but this
is the libel a t-shirt bra and it is
beautiful but if you want to get one in
time for christmas I'm massively suggest
ordering one as soon as possible
Sindhi conventional calm and pick
wherever you want to go UK us or
wherever and this is the baby you want
this one
oh come on screams touchscreen and on
this one just lucky oh my god I broke it
there it is this is look amazing that is
ever neck I did an amazing job with it
Illuminati shirt I just do not
understand that okay this is a smart TV
and I don't have cable but surely if you
don't have cable this is not the all my
preset you have to stare up every single
time this is like some Blair Witch pull
the guys shit maybe you just say hey
what's up my Casey and this fucking
rolls it wasn't there was so many clips
to add together for today's vlog you
have to do it individually took me like
an hour and a half to edit BOTS two
o'clock in one and finally going to bed
got the vlog daughter hope you all
enjoyed if you did make sure you leave a
light gray and let's see if we can smush
33333 like ratings I think we can do it
and as always don't get to subscribe
click that sub button wherever the hell
it is YouTube updates all time maybe
it's here maybe it's there maybe it's
there click it anyway subscribe new
video every single day 6 p.m. UK time if
you're in California then it's 10:00
a.m. yeah really great for when you're
all at school and college is too far so
I'm going til tomorrow I will see you
then and leave a comment saying Brown
nipples are often moist and wrinkly
