without that I love my wardrobe which
was filled with nothing but syndicate
original swag Putin kicks so how have I
never ever listen to logic before today
I went blaring out my speakers really
fucking good
well this is my screen and as you can
see I install a file for some reason
it's done as small as a potato in my
corner which makes no sense
just some zombies going on recording
this and then this happened game Fallout
4 what the fuck are you doing because
that lad was drinking some pics by boy
and do some awesome adventures and of
course look who's back in my house yeah
you would say stay away from me in done
with him so if I look like death well
actually I've been streaming for the
past 12 hours and OH sexual beast the
past 12 hours everyone's been like Tom
you look really tired you ok ok
I've been streaming for 12 hours since
12 since 12 and 12 midnight so I'm still
streaming fallout literally fallout came
out at midnight I was like screw it I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna do a stream and
somehow it's turned into this long of a
stream I'm not particularly that tired
but I'm just gonna make sure I eat drink
and you know just stay on top of like
nutrients and I should be good so yeah
I'm gonna continue streams probably
gonna be like an 18 hour streamer some
like that and all should be good in the
hood so if you watch the stream then
fuck yeah this the the tightness of my
body falling apart is what happens when
I put in the stream hype for you guys
but you guys honestly killed it with the
1800 sub train so I am staying on that
stream hype just to say thank you for
the crazy support and this is probably
one of the longest talking segments
you'll ever seen a vlog because I'm
which were doing nothing other than just
sitting inside my office play games and
I'm gonna show you how I Drive up my
Drive watch this so steep this is now
probably where I Drive off the edge boy
I have to drive up this mammoth
cliff look how steep is drive up the
mama for the cliff drove up in trouble
for drove up it and just like that in
and out booty
lucozade gingerbread man never old
enough are too old for gingerbread man
poor I will show you someone that does
fucking suck
welcome to wheels notice something on it
see that bad fucking scratch along the
entire thing
yep just did not from there all the way
down sounds like pretty sure I'm close
to the prickles I'm sure I'm close to
the curb and as yeah that's that's the
benefit of what I was about showing I
think I was like a 60cc scooter with a
fucking hole or drilled annex exhaust or
no exhaust at all oh my god would you
just look at that hype
cut up these crap as oh oh oh please
Foods in the games but we'll just look
at that height wall
hahahaha well I have not seen much of
outside all day but the moment I go
outside to check it this is the
beautiful view I get to look at oh my
god would you just look at it I am a
very lucky man just to be able to look
out in the window every single day and
see this because at my place in LA where
I'm staying
now I don't really have a view it's just
all buildings so I really do get to
appreciate being back here and being
like this is fucking awesome and one
happy little British man he's been awake
for like 24 hours well my mind has got
completely blown
mayonnaise but this is not operating
like Maine Oh bullshit
you see that's mayonnaise it sticks to
the food
where is another chip that's just not me
as you guys know the I went to Siberia
with Xbox as part of the escape from
Siberia for the Tomb Raider Lara Croft
game I know you give you a bit of
sleeping I want you to go all go and
watch I'll put a link in the description
for you so I'll go and check out we'll
check this little clip the point of me
yeah I'm the most immature pursue the
world but this is honestly one of the
best put together videos I've ever seen
are ever been apart so when you all to
go there and show the height wall leave
a like rate and share it and let them
know I send you a link to description go
and show it some love man mamama go and
watch in the new Jimmy Vaughn Phil I do
in Karen and Dave well talk and we just
what I've been gone for a month I got
built within a month
what the fuck they weren't messing on at
all Jesus Christ
yeah well power from this being so
goddamn no anything can happen I've been
doing nothing but live streaming so I
found a small time segment to be able to
go to the cinemas with my mom I know you
can't see us at all will you be quiet
so fuck you either way find a time
segment about support is it is my momma
watch the new Jimmy bond in case the MC
is
well got done watching the new James
Bond and once texting ah and honestly it
was fucking awesome I give it an 8 out
of 10 a lot of questionable parts of
like how did that happen how did certain
people track that person down but
overall it was plus sort o and this is
one you got five seconds to give the
world full of inspiration and depth or a
live to
okay life's too short yeah yeah oh my
god I look like death I've successfully
managed to mess up my sleep schedule
again after just fixing it and I'm going
to bed at 8 a.m. success
