good modern in England probably
disturbed all my neighbors shout and
that ball oh my god it's a lovely day
and today for some reason I have a free
trial at a gym so I go to the gym and
the reason why I'm making it sound so
backwards is that's my indoor swimming
pool right there but I'm gonna go to
this gym check out their pool check out
their facilities and I'm gonna smash
some lengths so sorry indoor pool I'm
cheating on you let's go check it out
Stephen is fed but in what isn't fair
news is this is bulb has gone again not
happy about this oh god Steve go on
God you just let him get away from you
you lazy bastard Steve doesn't go to the
food the food comes to Stephen Kadlec
doesn't know what the bulbs gone I'm not
too sure what's happened but it doesn't
seem to be working
mmm today is definitely the day that
were wearing fluffy floppies yeah that's
our sorry
what it's make it come back wearing all
black in 26 degree he is not a good idea
what I'm doing
Louis looks cafe cafe cafe but I can't
go first women I forgot one important
thing but I had to buy them swimming
goggles
successful swim was successful on my
training from when I was like well you
know we're using my floats in between
your legs and I'm one arm and just doing
kicks and strokes came up clutch a legs
I saw a swimming pool thank you feeling
fresh feeling good it's a way to start
that's so sunday monday starting a
sunday right going into Monday perfectly
fresh and probably aching but you know
what get it wait a minute who is this
guy what's he doing at my house oh I'm
confused as to why Carl's car is outside
not dizzy dose hey hey hey hey oh wait
no there's a scare prank going on here
they're hiding somewhere
go in the wrong way
wait what I'm confused wait what what
are you guys doing here let yourself in
why don't you let me know you come in
why don't you begun cranes go you got
your own home now get go oh then what go
to your old go to your own house shoo
I will definitely say you'll never be
the same again you guys would all be
like coming over to yours we're gonna
throw up ing across I'm like totally
it's what the house is designed for now
it's gonna be throw the party our house
and I'm just gonna be sat sat in that
chair along with all these chairs no one
else
yeah you've even got your little
puzzlement cool Jim
close your eyes close them down stop
cheating both of you put weight and put
a hand out each close your eyes close
your eyes keep your eyes closed but give
me a hand kill my lungs as well
the weather is incredible so I'm gonna
risk lives you know I'm talking about
yeah I'm gonna risk wearing a grey shirt
out in the Sun and hoping to not develop
swept it's probably not gonna work after
going for a swim I'm feeling like mega
fresh and like I want some good food I'm
gonna do well for like anything crazy or
anything like that I'm gonna eat healthy
and go get some sushi
now I think it's safe to say seafoods
good for you so I'm fill my body
with sushi from Manchester but it's
absolutely gorgeous I last came here
with Alice Karl and Lindsey from
insomnia and you better know
I'm black oh yes 8:37 at night Alice is
appeared we're doing we're doing I said
what you doing you look really smart
glasses on what are you doing so dad in
it
where is it Oh Aaron it almost finally
there you ready
oh well not really falling apart at the
seams finally managed to get Cal's
PlayStation downloaded for night and my
place why don't you bring it by the way
I know via credit card
are you buying skin I need to get the
new ones oh I was supposed to start
streaming like two hours ago
but the internet wasn't working not my
superfast just my other internet so I've
now got the cable going from that room
all the way down all the way into the
basement
dude I'm sweating almost more than when
we did the work don't look at me
sweaty we've got the windows open
sweater dude this is like og Tom and pow
game that live this is how it is for the
stream to like celebrate the launch of
that brand-new 9 or 9 or 9 or 69 poster
which is available right now me and Kyle
are hon signing every single one people
bias if you want one look Abaddonn
description bought we're streaming we're
a 286 subframe right now which is it
just insane and everyone in the chart is
just like what up so everyone say hello
right now guys everyone thank you so
much for tuning in your legends this the
three hour stream comes to an end
miss Oh myself and Cal and the Tom
Keller Poston shall leave the office
after three oh oh my god you know I just
tripped over that wire I almost just
tripped over that one went flying down
the stairs with a piece of glass in my
hand that would not have been good are
you feeling bro I was Ustream enjoy it
we got that win in the end let's not
talk about the other 9000 wings we
didn't get having fun whilst you've been
streaming we'll give you the rain
you watch Hollyoaks Oliv owns all right
I like the flatland so close to two
billion 600,000 subscribers up it on 2.5
describers for the longest time ever and
we're almost on 2.6 million are you guys
going home to your house now you walk in
Oh
lazy bastards right Sela love you bye
this is random this is really really
random for the gaya following in serum
who's like a professional skydiver and
he posts a million every day
make sure you swear once a day don't get
me wrong I've already swayed today in
this vlog ball
I haven't actually swayed this day this
is now technically tomorrow so I'm out
in my big thick hoodie for a walk just
sweat it out with some water random I
know
foots wet once a day makes you feel
fresh and it's safe to say I'm the only
person awake around here right now and
this is another random knowable this
weather must be like a thorough colors
wet dream remember I'd walk but the
amount of windows like I've seen like
massively left open you could just climb
through Hey look your doors and close
your windows it might be hot but it
ain't worth losing your Mercedes over is
there good something to start the next
day with but this nose bead is
non-negotiable no I am NOT streamed in
an absolute minute so it was nice to me
last night it was especially nice this
room in car cuz it's like back in the
day we used to do a series called Game
Night Live oh hey there it is Game Night
Live's Cindy Cohen handoff number one
how many of uses this on oh wait what
this video with no number of views that
is so weird but was done this is what me
wait one sec we just shut the music in
the background the power of Alexei you
can control it with your Spotify that's
perfect but yeah this is me and Carl oh
my god look this is me and Carl
all these this video collabs it's
2011-2012 January oh my God look at me
and Carl little fetuses dude a lot
better called you eat and talk about a
throwback not only was this in
2012 this is when me and ksi we're going
head-to-head for a short award and we
were like outvoted each ovary I'll vote
really cheap like absolute crazy like he
was taking first place I was taking
first place he was taking first place I
was taking first place and I ended up
winning but then the award went to The
Sims 3 what's that about I tell you what
me and Cal have definitely got to do
this again and as you can see in the
video we've got some bears with us we'll
do a proper game night live like I'll
have the proper webcam up here but
webcam up over there so like you can see
the full perspective of everything and
when I'm back drinking we'll do a game
night live again but like drunk Edition
and I don't want to be playing like you
know for nightly insight on I want I
want to do live like events you know
something I will talk about this in the
stream yesterday I would love to do like
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
like live stream family edition you know
my family my friends and stuff like that
and I like produce it really good like
Daddy my basement someone that I've got
the internet to be able to do it in like
perfect quality and just create amazing
IRL stream events for you guys because
you know I love vlogging and I love
streaming like I love interacting with
people but I always just go to streaming
only for video games but I really want
to make that change to start doing more
live like live events so like IRL live
events so if you guys like the idea of
me doing like say the weakest link or
Family Fortunes you know that sort stuff
like recreate our own versions of it
like with Kyle
Ali's my dad my mom you know like all my
mates and stuff like that I think it
would be such an awesome opportunity and
you guys are like really because then
today you guys shoot into I watch me in
my life and the people that are in it
so why not tuned in to watch like a live
event like we could schedule at once a
week or once a month or something like
that so if you guys like the idea of
that make sure you leave a like rating
I'm going to end today's vlog here boy
what an absolute throwback if I can
remember I'll put the link to that video
in the description so you can skim
through and just check like what tom was
from seven six years ago sorry like it
was like I look like a fetus no facial
hair in this light is then look at cow
he looks like a child absolutely crazy
tangible thank you very much for
watching guys make sure you leave that
like rate and subscribe if you're not
subscribed create YouTube account
subscribe ding dun dun that case your
belt so you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next day vlog and by 6 p.m. I mean 6
p.m. ish so until then good stuff and I
said yes
