take time stop everything right now
ladies and gentlemen Cal go get it go
get it on my birthday Cal got
commissioned the most amazing poster
ever from the only one and only macaroni
pepperoni Sam Jones did an amazing job
putting a poster together as a surprise
for my birthday
so many people liked it that we you know
we did a boat when people's like put it
on sale we're gonna do it so for a
limited time once it's on sale it's
gonna go on sale until so every single
person it wants to get one of these
posters it's a birthday special poster
if you want to get one they're gonna be
on sale today right now the Mona Lisa
struggles like they're gonna be on sale
if you want one me and Kyle are gonna be
hand signing every single one you may
get inappropriate things drawn on it
maybe not maybe yes but if you want one
link video description silly original
calm get one because we are there 909 or
69 is 99 or 16 owners if you want one
now now now now now now now anyway and
Jonah bored so lovely they've heard ice
today and we're not just sitting around
doing nothing it's 9:00 a.m. we're
getting up going on an adventure
we're doing it all the years have you
seen people on segways like outdoors
I've always been like why today I'm
gonna finally find out why that said I'm
running ten minutes late so probably
missed it okay they haven't set off yet
but that's definitely our group so let's
hope your letters on yeah missed it
however we got booked into the next slot
so that's a win
ah how yes are you attached yes okay let
the adventure begin whilst we're waiting
for our next segue and
my man don't even need no hands oh my
god oh my god
by the way this is the kids course so if
I fall off he said there's a chance he
could snap I did I did I didn't sign up
to be trapped like a fish in a net whoa
everything shakes this rope was designed
for kids so I'm just gonna do up under
it instead I'm hope I don't fall down
okay I'm gonna let that glide away and
I'm gonna try and do this with no hands
and keep this slack okay this is this is
dangerous this is not scary in this war
okay you know what I can't do this with
it okay trying to do this with a phone
at the same time is difficult okay
this is the kids cross but all the kids
are just doing this hold it on three
like which nothing you may be supposed
to do but I'm trying to do it I'll hold
it on that's pretty intimidating to not
hold on to
it's in all my socks on the boxes of
everything go ahead
I'm hoping for a spectacular crash here
yep same again yeah no just don't try
and bite the dust like I did last time
but it's kind of impossible nice one
like a boss it's absolutely rammed with
kids time for Segway
I am definitely coming back and I'm
definitely stealing this idea never in
my life have I actually tried a Segway
I've tried like the little mono ones the
individual ones but I've never tried it
yeah if you want to find your neutral
position keep the handlebars never still
yeah this is kind of strange like it
just feel like you're one of them little
boards but cause of the stick spit like
ping in bucket yeah it makes you feel
like you're gonna fall off this is a
nice experience though Segway races
we're on may I'm coming for you
step back I bet you're gonna pick up too
much speed and crash watch this I'm
gonna get that on camera
going up hills is really slow I don't
get me wrong I know it's a lot of power
it's putting in but it's like really
slow hope he's going off-roading well i
overtaking him check that out first
place let's go boys and we're are
talking about
Segway adventure I've always made fun of
these but you know what you've got a try
summit what's he like to give it a fair
chance no I swore a nice one
here we go adventure awaits we've
basically turned off turtle mode so
apparently this thing is gonna go even
faster let's see how fast this thing
goes scare space an away oh that is
actually much more acceleration Wow 13
miles per hour go oh it's quick oh go on
lot oh yes
Oh mate segways for the win I want one I
actually would buy one I'm not even
joking we may just be riding along paths
and stuff but this is such a beautiful
day out ride around in the countryside
on segways about this GoPro footage even
looks good I don't have a clue not sure
if this is a good angle or not but
there's gentlemen GoPro chair we just
need these guys to go faster like we've
got it unlocked to Maxis speed need to
be absolutely sending it I know this is
a challenging downhill section no short
mean by challenging but uh hey look at
this terrain made his rocks oh hell
yeah
it's what we can't do today I'd say
compared to what I just did in France
very challenging so so dangerous yeah I
was making fun but now it did just get
really troubling so and we're trying to
nail it down here anything gonna catch
that guy without falling off my Segway
come on come on come on my Segway site
leaning back so much then oh heck yeah
that was actually really good to say
this was like 30 quid for an hour is
over well worth it just got told it gets
very booked up first let's pick up the
speed okay okay it does actually go
quite fast when you're waiting for word
on a piece of mouth that could give way
at any point yes fast it's really
pushing me back well we're we here we
see the wild Gruffalo
beautiful location oh my gosh you know
I'm coming back here I'm a Maui bike
this gorgeous and so the time is near
and so we face the final curtain play
right here I know it's the most random
thing in the world but I've always
wanted to try it was it worth it
absolutely
you look kind of like a sausage ride in
it but to be fair it's fun I parked
right in front of the ticket machine
bought a ticket for six pounds
got back to my car apparently notice 40
quid fine just good good to go and
dispute this real quick I've paid enough
in Park it already you know gain 40
pounds I just said to those ladies most
of what I put the ticket down on the
front bought when we shut the door it
must you just watch it they take it away
so they said it's absolutely fine
I took a photo of it as well just in
case I do get a 40 pound fine through
the post port all right what an awesome
day going through some swinging around
in the trees going to sober up loaded on
a Segway so random but truly truly so
much fun really really enjoyed that next
up we're gonna go to a place called the
fish pool fish pool for a nice little
lunch
apparently pizzas like this I like this
a lot
what a beautiful location to come and
get dinner this is where mice know I'd
like to be an outside book I've been
outside all day I'm a fun change upon
this it's so much better son I was gonna
say sea and Sun but Sun treason burnt
grass looks very nice this oh it's like
chutney thing I've gotten top with
onions okay
fish pool Delamare no around no man
yellow man highly recommended very nice
bottle I may or may not have run out of
parking so parked it there it'll be fine
ah it was a very fun day out I tell you
what man I'm so do that I was gonna go
hunting for waterfalls yesterday in
Wales but it fell through time and it
all I just worked out badly it was like
me cuz it was like 9 p.m. we were gonna
set off man there's no point in doing
that so instead we weren't managing to
do the the Segway and miss the first
Segway managed to fit in some go ape
hell yeah people from go eat was super
chill some of the staff members oh no
hold the phone man Steve's bulbs gone
again I don't know what I think it's the
temperature of the bulbs getting too hot
and it's just popping so I really don't
know what to do time I was saving the
guys ago it was so goddamn chill some of
the staff members recognized me came out
I was like yeah I was like yeah of
course so then the rest of the team were
like who the hell is this guy and why is
the hell is our staff taking photos with
them they were dead mega chill they
explained nothing to them who I was and
like doing YouTube and they said if you
ever could want to come back we'd love
to like invite you down here for free go
and do everything and I was like so guys
it going thank you for that I am whoa
I think very sunburned or even very
tanned mmm kinda side you can tell they
don't watch football don't you
I thought in between the halftime of the
games I'd have time to go home edit my
vlog and then go back to the pub and
join everyone asked me how long a
halftime is don't bother don't know oh
my god it to the Queen Adaline to watch
England bring it home this makes me so
happy today
yeah that guy makes me Sharpie to be
watching football with this guy
Alex asked me to bring around some balls
of lemonade I don't think they were
fitting in that fridge so much to put
one there one there and pretend it's in
there
Zac I just want to say I got your letter
of this lovely lady over here best love
you YouTube film it nice well usually
take to get a barbecue side what on
earth I love our everyone else is
laughing but cows John Lewis bitch pals
killing on the barbecue she is my friend
thank you I'm I'm photographing the
chicken oh don't be silly filming it so
actually saying it now today the biggest
test of eating healthy I've had just
been eating the chicken the chicken the
chicken the chicken but it's when you
see stuff like triple chocolate cookies
lying around oh my god I just want to
devour it
yeah yeah come for a barbecue she says
I'm going cat food yeah she's
telling me to go get cat food nephew
listen you look you're like riding a
bike you know what I'm gonna stall we're
gonna put petrol my bike f off I just
love walking around the corner to see in
this bad boy
what I'm gonna look it up that's like
the perfect picture setting for it it's
like it's the Irbid beast you know it's
more beautiful than my bike barbecues
and beautiful views flippin heck
Allyson cow seriously did well with this
place
birthday to you happy birthday dear
happy birthday happy birthday to my
anger I'm pretty sure this is the part
that Alice's neighbors are like oh my
god
Oh which is out by now surprise surprise
the cat escaped again got on the roof
again so now he's grounded in the
bedroom some paper hey this is like
simon's cowboy in real life wait what
wait seriously what you joking are you
actually serious no I can't leave oh my
god always yeah yeah Alice I'm not even
saying it's bad cuz it's absolutely
diuretic it's now midnight I'm gonna
leave the drug chair to just have the
rest of the night
thank you goodbye no one knows goodbye
don't forget guys if you do want to get
yourself one of the brand-new limited
birthday poster that Cal got
commissioned let me down description
you've got like a week to preorder it so
don't worry if your pay day wasn't today
don't worry about it if it's tomorrow
get it then if it's not tomorrow they do
it the day after you've got one week
we're gonna be sad in every single one
link guys description sorry us
