good morning Oh hit something good
morning world welcome your faces to the
selection of t-shirt were going to wear
today we could wear syndicate original
but today we're changing it up and we're
wearing a panda bear riding an elephant
because why the hell not
well it's official one with these great
silver tips in my hair Hillary it's
coming from 3bd it's the house today
because I got a package at all I've been
going through every single box here
trying to find the package that a bench
supposed to be showing you guys for
friggin days and I finally found it are
you ready just look at that shield yes
that's damn right this is the brand new
NVIDIA shield so Nvidia I'm getting so
much swag right now all these packages
all this starts to fall I have been
given the brand new and Vidia shield not
only am I gonna be streaming with it on
Sunday so Sunday be there 12:00 noon I'm
gonna be streaming off this like one of
the first people to do that it's gonna
be absolutely epic
boy what's even more epic is that in
that stream I'm going to be giving away
one of these bad boys - you're right I'm
gonna show you we're gonna we're gonna
take a look inside and see what it's all
about
Oh would you just look at this new stuff
okay come on now this don't make me do a
Casey Lisa and frigging Ripa thing oh
there it is oh look at my reflection in
this boy boy I thought it was gonna be
bigger well let's take all these brand
new stickers off oh my goodness me
ladies and gentlemen this is the first
look for me at the Nvidia shield whoa
now basically well this thing that
allows you to do just give you a summary
of people wondering this you can stream
games from the cloud to this bad boy
like all I kept it game five which is
three all sorts of games like you know
saints row that's what I'm gonna be
playing on Sunday
and you can basically streaming from the
cloud but no like you stream the games
are not have to install them or anything
like that what you have to do like with
a disc I mean install it all you have to
do is download them and they can stream
it to twitch so one of you guys couldn't
win this bad boy so I go Duke
super simple you need a Twitter account
I'm gonna put a link down in description
go to the tweet it's my tweet and all
you gotta do is retweet it and make sure
you follow and video on Twitter that is
pretty much it if you guys want to win
an epic Nvidia shield that you can do
click that link down below check it out
and I will be announcing the winner of
the shield on Sunday in the last room so
12 o'clock California time 6 p.m. UK
time be there be square and you win
yourself one of these bad boys maybe
hopefully are you gonna win mm-hmm this
is gonna make no sense to absolutely
everyone but I just have to give a big
shout-out to Declan the Scottish fellow
he knows who he is not dead ginger
decker you guys know that I have to blow
him deck all the time and know him I'm
talking about a scotch guy called deck
I'm in LA he's in Scotland you know who
you are you fabulous person I hope
you're shit tomorrow burns like hell
after eating that chili pepper goodbye I
totally know this bag is for gaming
laptops and stuff but what just realizes
that my loot crate can fit perfectly
like shout out some loot crate can fit
perfectly right in the laptop slot so
every time I get a loot crate well it's
a mud bucket just put it in there yeah
so I'm going to film my next unboxing of
my loot crate video and I have the
perfect guest I'm going to keep a
surprise for my next guest is to do it
with for my two cameras that are good
cameras to record with have zero battery
and I mean zero battery is in they don't
have a battery inside them I left it in
the UK so we went to Best Buy me and
Hill dog being Hill dog gonna we're
gonna go get any battery hopefully they
make it otherwise I'm actually have to
get a new camera I have to do that last
time because like a specific battery for
June well that's what happens when you
know you're having a bad day what yeah
baby
yes know what the basically the story of
Jesus when I'm in LA that is my favorite
story to drive past cuz it's just got
signs and props of all sorts of shit
look at that just like a half naked
statue with a titties hanging out and
would you look at her guys
I cannot fucking believe this and sign
the cab with Hillary we've been stuck in
traffic for like a fucking hour and as
I'm driving along everyone's tweeting me
saying that Tom you won't believe it
Sonya's just unbox a knife Sonya is
fucking never bought a knife or anything
like that and spent like hardly any word
on cases probably like a couple hundred
dollars under on it and she's got to
fucking knives
she's just unlocked a brand new Tiger
tooth that cracker like crumb bit
fucking way I don't know what it is
all I'm saying is that she's got a knife
whereas I spent $3,000 and not got one
Hillary I need a knife I need a fucking
knife or someone's gonna die so we've
just traveled all the way across town to
try and find an NB 13 L camera okay just
saying I've got here and I've been
talking to Ron come find anything but if
you look here and b12 are you think
that's the same site and B 13 out that
it's exactly what I need I like how la
is so compact that there's a best buy
right here and then a sushi look across
the road in the middle of downtown LA
it's a good dump cement mixing plant I
just don't even know
oh my god look at all the traffic nice
traffic and Hillary yeah and there is
the gt8 blimp
in the sky the Goodyear blimp ie
alright let's play my first game of Risk
I don't know the rules so you're gonna
have to teach me but I'm now she'll be
dropped out so I'm taking his place
who's winning okay so the more players
that you've got the better yes all right
sweet do this okay so I know how to play
risk Alan give me a fist bump we might
be connecting team that's all I'm saying
alright alright we're allies so I've got
South America here and no South Africa
America okay all right so I've just got
Africa you can clip tell him clearly
good at this but I've got this bad boy
over here I'm in Egypt I mean East
Africa South Africa I've got a little
bit I've got one dude on Great Britain
I'm thinking of bombarding Britain with
like 20 troops and just holding that for
the entire game and just waiting to see
if I can hold everyone off book or after
wait and see rally the troops we are
coming for where we attack in I'm blue
I'm trying to take over Europe right now
but Asia it's not racist thing has a god
damn from London doing over here where's
Angelo he's doing pretty goddamn well in
America
doing really bad I'm talking about bro
but no one can see your clothes on a
boat okay looking yeah we're about to
Angela's gonna invade this bitch I'm
sorry you don't fall I lost at risk for
Allenwood and we were partners so
technically we weren't the world war
fuck yeah to you so I played a game of
csgo but the Wi-Fi in this building was
still here it was complete atrociousness
to the point where we lost the game
massively I got disconnected three times
and I probably am NOT gonna rank up now
it's yes go so I cry every time I would
have killed myself I'm the last person
left it's Ruby Dee office Angela's gone
out for like a birthday thing but we're
gonna meet up for drinks afterwards so
what I'm doing right now is editing
together the vlog what's it called the
unboxing video of loot crate ball I've
been started here shaking with hunger
because I would be in all day and I just
got myself some fucking sushi this is
why America is amazing just look at this
you get four meals
full comes over to your door so I know
sushi isn't cooked but usually like
steak salmon also stuff man eat 24 is
the homies I also thought I'd take a
risk and see if this place because they
also did Chinese food as well as Thai if
they do good salt and pepper now that
salt and pepper mix looks like it's
right
that is pretty goddamn close to the UK
salt and pepper chicken pieces that I
get but this time it's wings so yeah
don't like the bones but it's still
really good well I think it's pretty
sacrilegious if you get sushi please
just rice the laptops to take it off I'm
rendering the video and I've got it some
again mark so it shouldn't be on that
book sheet on the surface for you should
never eat sushi our Chinese food in my
opinion regardless of finger print
reproduced or thought should never eat
it without chopsticks so are you ready
you ready
can I have a refund okay it wasn't that
bad but what's the exact I was expected
it's supposed to be spicy tuna it tastes
like sweet mush
Wow well the thing is though like
there's a lot of people who make video
games built there's also like some
people who can just play video games for
a living you know some people play it
like a pathway like college you eat liga
legends and they like to live it off
that and then these people who just play
video games and then record themselves
played and put on youtube and then that
guys make a career of just playing and
having other people very very awesome
industry i feel so grown up and stuff i
just got my first bill for my apartment
and I've seen it my posts so yeah you'll
post it and be a grown up I guess it's
kind of weird but however this this
right here this it's a plan game tune it
sound for late night livestream go chill
back play some csgo well I say chill
back gonna kick back play some csgo and
hopefully from Jesus Christ and
hopefully for the love of God rank up
dying for my neck' I decided to go and
unbox two cases and I did it I tried
even right here box the most ugly knife
that is ever known to man I opened how
many cases do we open since a statue a 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 8 I have spent over $3,000
I'm trying to get a knife and I own
fucking bought a bayonet just cold well
guys it is 5:40 no 6 a.m. in the morning
going to bed just got my csgo reaction
video so that was hilarious if you
haven't seen it go check it out so I
just um I work out mostly fucking tired
shit Oh everyone keeps coming like how
is he stay in shape literally just work
out before I go to bed every single day
that's it one day I will wake up and
just be extremely fat and be like I know
that's where I went wrong but basically
hope you guys have a great day thanks
for watching don't forget Sunday
tomorrow from this one I'm going to be
doing their video
at 12 so be they're giving away the
Nvidia shield so that's gonna be epic
you get to win it oh you got to do is
retweet something and that's about that
so I will see your guys faces tomorrow
have a great day I'm gonna pass on bed
and the sun's about to come through the
cones I mean blind so yeah good night
