hey you just can't make it up can you
I've come round to swirl to get a bulb
for Steve we've got broke into last
night and no they didn't come and steal
crickets but a window should look like
that's how they got inside what oh dude
chill are you are you good you good bro
I'm like I look stuck he's like no he
just this is what he does - Carlton why
don't you just get down Aluva the snake
should be inside here but instead you've
got in his wallet ball what a random
snip does it call it lizard oh no all
squawk Cobra is it big Oh beautiful like
false water Cobra then so what's that
about so they've got the hood like a
Cobra would ours yeah own it in a minute
but when he's a bit defensive or in a
movie I'll put Buffy's hood up so I
really come back later so smooth so we
will swim in that water
yeah that's it come on these eyes that
was shedding oh wow oh I've already been
for a buffalo - mom your words
that's a car V PI from that that's from
hell we're not in salt in it we're just
stating facts
spotted news may I look to this like
what is this mess but look at them oh no
they are gorgeous and he poisonous no
Azeris please Asura's dart frog
look at him but that doesn't even look
real
that's not detailed I'd need one of
these in my life good Steve's best best
friend
hello come over to look um it's okay
oh my god that's cool
who doesn't want like a unicorn rhino
chameleon oh my gosh that is a bib off
my birthday I definitely want this a
hundred and ten percent won this but
he's so good epic it's a real-life
dinosaur
look it's it I've got I've got like a
miniature Triceratops on my shoulder
look at it how cool is that
oh that he's so green Wow yeah look at
that grin she's like me I'll shred chill
out for a second there what you're doing
when she comes out then she comes out
she's all right yeah
detailing eyes is ridiculous and Wow oh
my gosh Oh guys did you know 62 the 22nd
of July 10 percent of all frozen foods
that I don't kids avail the meat Stein
offers I have to clarify for FTC terms I
am NOT sponsored to say this but I've
always come here I absolutely love this
spot and the guy was taking care of me
so appreciate it yeah hashtag ambassador
I'm saying this right now if you know
anything you know my policy on thieves I
absolutely hate feeds you should never
ever take anything from anyone
someone's worked so hard and I look like
that live for something to then think
that you've got the right to take it
from them know if you know anything come
here tell me the name is tell them to
the police
get them good actually not eaten any
breakfast this morning so I've got to
Alice's house for some breakfast I
haven't quite brought or anything but
I'd go get you something what do you do
oh okay one bag acquired milk and eggs
Alice was like well the bacon I was like
we'll have a bacon but yeah I was like
Alice I'm trying to eat healthy
scrambled egg healthy do look brown oh
no what she looks like someone Photoshop
an ex do the guy when he dresses up as a
terrorist from Team America well police
yeah really look like him that was easy
back to plaques I got myself some milk
some eggs and some ass that's left now
is for Alice to give me food poisoning
so where she's not on her drive she's on
the neighbor's drive because the cats
weren't away again mate
let's just hope Alex never has kids
because if she can't look after a cat
how is she gonna look after a bloody kid
I've just worked out
alice is gone magical lights watch when
you open the fridge your knee oh and if
you want to turn the lights off are you
gonna do open the fridge again and off
they go
what from swell because Steve Baldwin is
the barium and because I've got like no
space to carry anything I had to carry
Steve's ball back in my pocket I hope it
still works I'm on cat watch a oh one
set let me just check the roof make sure
he's not on there nope no cat on the
roof what happened yesterday no no what
yeah he'll come back eventually and I
repeat can you please just put him in
the vlog so I can show Kyle I found him
I was coming out I'm pretty sure I found
him cuz I walked out shaking dream easy
back oh my god do I get to around here
every day for breakfast
Thanks so what cuts okay hey God we're
going into a tunnel man oh man
Alice has delivered that's it help we
looking breakfast I've seen 101 day
workout on my legs with cow it's done
more damage to me then eight days of
biking your crumbs I love sitting low
chairs where I really know look at this
Sookie thanks a reckless so is this
where you till of outside my house and
I'm like you don't have any food piss
off well you have a key to my so you can
walk in yeah do you actually I really do
okay oh how cute is this
Alice it's literally rather corner from
us though not yeah cow could come come
come come let's go garden house
furniture shopping or whatever it is got
gum my home sweet home
I bike sweet bike time to get in this
little rascal a random little service li
wash your car while she's shopping and I
was like that's a need that doing so
we've booked him in wash your polish
let's go I'm not paying for it I have
found myself in there oh my god
Alice do you have something to tell me I
oh this is great now I've got like a day
time friends yeah actually why you know
it work hmm hmm did a chicken I've said
chicken I get three minutes
you know what putting you in 30 minutes
later hey I'm joking it was three
seconds just saying that steak the other
night was hard to cut boom
no more I have steak knives down it's a
proper classy little picnic box but the
thing is it's 150 quid and it comes with
assault and Papa Papa salt and pepper
shaker go classy is though blue I wasn't
a fan of the last bubble white won't pod
the idea but I do like this check it out
yeah all weather I don't know what she's
doing she should do like this this would
be well nice on top of my my decking
area hmm yeah that's that's just a bit
too much expensive I love my bed but my
bed's not temper and I really want to
say oh my god wait get on this one what
what's your reaction to this this is
just I'm sinking in the bed pillows as
well introducing Alice's shape in three
two go Oh recovers too quick time okay I
could hear the springs
I could hear the springs well I like I
like how they're just having off John
Lewis it like John Lewis is been bag a
crap tempur-pedic emit oh that's why
he's amazing
wait I think I think mine might be super
king-size no mines
he mind supercool queen damn they don't
do it good no this is the one she just
sinks you like it he's still going
that's probably true
I came to shop so Alice could shop I've
ended up spending more money that uh
what else in the open I thought you
might want it like brand spanking new
this looks oh let me love you
investigate all clean windshield clean
400 rock max did a good job nice one
yeah every vibration in here I think it
fell apart a little bit more oh yes
oh it's with the place switch to mom's
car ten out of ten movement there always
even had time to switch bloody dress Oh
dinner with a view check this out so we
may not be eating here we could have
soup of the day with the pork belly ah
yes the beautiful British countryside
my mum knows I'm a good a lemon that
sudden just came out in absolutely
fashion wow thank you very much for
bringing me to dinner ladies and
gentlemen a little ham and cheese
sandwich probably not the healthiest
thing
happy birthday dude those run the people
in the corner I didn't know they did it
Frankie of any style mom's been on the
hunt for my Fun Factory
pretty cool location check that out of
there beautiful rock face up in the
mountains ahead and this is like some
sort of old abandoned ished Factory okay
okay I want to buy this line yes oh my
gosh it's all of this what oh my gosh
yeah that is like 10 ounces wow that
would be a by NASA doing all them doing
all them open up in that as a fun
factory believe this place is like
magical wait beware of chemicals please
keep to footpath away what where the
hell am I going oh I've never seen is
anywhere before apparently it was for
sale for the longest time I know it's
just for rent
oh yeah loads of people have got it and
spray paint in it and stuff you know
hence the smash windows and stuff oh is
it Canal on the back of it a reservoir
Oh wicked oh that's dope danger deep
water keep out how cool this garlic's
private land on the back of it as well
she's supercool well I'm pretty sure it
was for sale for longest time and mom
never told me it's like it was out of my
reach of where I wanted to like look to
buy but then when she's finally show me
it's now not for sale anymore buddies
for rent
wow that's mega cool
Ollis I'm so hot where could I find
myself a white t-shirt so in the Sun I'm
not making all day
Oh Tom I've got you some t-shirt white
congee
why my big ass whoa and then we just
restarted yle I'm just under the white
Wow oh I didn't know the sea would move
to Cali zendikar original comm don't
wear black in the summer it's a bad idea
I always do it but don't do it wear
these instead you know what else you can
get syndicate original con house weekend
this weekend you can get what tell him I
know 9 or 16 9 or 9 or 9 or 16 either
the nine or nine or six not opposed to
the poster that I got from a birthday
off car popular demand everyone's like
we want to get one we don't put a
pre-order sale on face if you want to
grab one purchase it you'll be in the
priority list and once that's finished
we'll get them set our house me and Kyle
are gonna hand sign each one so if you
want to be a member of the 1996 Nana
Club for the first like finite poster we
did then make sure you get one when it
drops which is Sunday Sunday 6:00 p.m.
Sunday 6 p.m. going on sale stop myself
right on cue
delivery Monday mom what the hell you do
is you toes vagina whoa
things that are not needed to be shout
what is a full shop with people there
tada
stay bad what bye hey I'm reunited out
of everything you see in this fridge
just like I really want a healthy snack
you know I was like oh god I'm so
tempted then I was like gonna fill me a
little wah and I saw mushrooms mushrooms
really healthy fruit well I was gonna
say free but therefore to be a vegetable
anyway I was like mushrooms kind of
weird but I don't care made myself a
little loan full session of mushrooms
one of the most run-ins not to ever had
but I tell you something they're
absolutely gorgeous and I'm gonna
thank you very much if someone in the
comments can tell me whether this is
healthy for me or not I'd appreciate it
because I'm eating it and it's the
reason I've got a feeling they are
healthy book could be very wrong
hello Steve moon here we go
the sunlight will come back for your
face how's that buddy okay I'm gonna be
nice and warm now gonna put you funny
you see combust there you go lovely frog
popping balloons to bedtime I was so
damn tired guys and I'm so damn tired
right now because in tomorrow's vlog I
went to go ape and I tell you something
I had such a fun day go pro tip film
there and I can't wait for you guys to
see but at end today's vlog um I'm
hoping this was not too late cuz I was
watching the England game and I'm just
saying it's coming home yet again if
you're teaming when leave a like rain
smash to subscribe button if you're
already subscribed don't click it
because you'll unsubscribe so don't do
that so if you're new around here smash
the subscribe button on the notification
about I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next I wake up at 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog I don't even
usually watch football but I'm
absolutely loving this world cup I'm
loving watching my team and you know
what I think we're bringing it home it's
gonna happen so ladies and gentleman
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the next
day of vlog it's coming up leave some
love in the comments I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. much love and I study
us
