starting his day with a missed call and
it would appear it is what my granddad I
was fast asleep and my granddad somehow
because he hasn't got carriers that a
pacemaker fit somehow walked himself
from his house to mine and I didn't even
know well now I just feel terrible let's
find out what the crank was doing guess
he's not home yeah oh my goodness me
it's absolutely gorgeous in England got
my breakfast most important meal of the
day more importantly I have a view of
absolute champions to wake up to but I
don't have any more neighbours all sheep
got killed
not bad some like crazy hunt or a fox or
anything like that
they grew big they got fat they got at
today's shirt choices a fresh new shot
make the most of it
only available syndicate original calm
but there is a plot of action today
Oh God Oh Dave oh god damn that looks
good there is a plan of action today I
was gonna go down to Manchester
try and find myself a little spa lunge
nice and healthy feeling fresh get a
haircut Odeon guy down there cuz it's on
you guys the hair product I use so I
feel like I want to trust them but they
cost like sixty two pounds for a haircut
whereas if I just go down the road to my
other previous local barber it cost me
six pounds twenty mmm so let's do that
one rather than taking the motorbike
we're gonna say nay Jose and we're gonna
take the electrode oh wait wait
I take it back we can't actually take
this one all that one because they've
got no pedals and they wouldn't pedals
so mmm high changeup like I don't take
the motorbike I haven't got pedals from
a pedal bike I don't want to take the TT
so dick you're not black dirt yellow my
beauty and yes she is still injured but
I believe the part has come into the
garage so I'll give them a phone call
today and see if we can take her in and
get it fixed but first of all let's fix
this haircut nothing like getting into a
vehicle that's just completely leather
and sweaty we're not driving around in
this summery weather with a dirty
looking defender doing wrong it's got a
hole in it so that kind of doesn't help
but girlies wise and
no no no no no no let's take care of
this clean the Beast these guys always
do a grinding job so I can't wait to see
this thing
looking like a mouse I'm so hoping that
means I get an hour of free packet
because look a new and fresh in silver
wait what is that a mark oh it's an
internal mine looking good looking nice
looking fresh
oh I love a also news my new private
license plate should potentially be
available so I'm gonna go pick it up
I think later this week oh no I'm not
I'm gonna give the paperwork to the
people we're gonna make it
then pick you up later this week but now
Hecate what a nice fresh haircut later I
have to literally run to my car because
I've got about one minute left on my
meter and if I don't get to it they're
our next video I'll try to vlog about
get run over cross in the road and this
guy shout at me from a distance but got
my hair cut and I'm about to get a
ticket on my car so I've got to get over
there as fast as goddamn possible that
car was parked in front of me when I got
here so he's been here for an hour
I'm just hoping I haven't got a ticket
he hasn't I shouldn't just point out how
nice this car looks clean oh my gosh
gorgeous you know it's hard times when
you have to borrow a pound off Tesco for
a trolley I guess I'm trying my best to
organize a picnic I'm pretty sure this
is picnic food but what am I missing
I've got a quiche some smoked salmon
prawn cocktails are quite nice some
apple juice cocktail sausages pork pies
baby bed I think a bit get some cheese
or some spread maybe some coleslaw I'm
good
the perfect picnic look at it everything
original whoa you took the bus check
look how Brown you are oh you brought
this back for this summer city key
original calm white t-shirts you know
what that's good up deflecting Sun the
transfers being complete everything's
out of there which he Tetris like a boss
the guy the guy who packed it for me I
think his name is Nick deserves a raise
he literally managed to fit everything
you see here all of this all of this the
bag of ice the ice cream
everything into that but because I have
to go edit my vlog I had to unpack it
all and put it in there so Nick I
appreciate you if I was going straight
out we would be set and I would be
thanking you so much but I have to go
into edit the different hug so a bit a
bit the vlog is uploaded and oh my gosh
that guy taught me like a pro how to
pack boxes well it was actually bags but
I managed to fit everything I need back
into there and more even including
spoons so - I think Nick thank you very
much that mate appreciate you besides
good idea who decides this was supposed
to be a nice idea just to sit in the Sun
eat some food
and be nice but instead I decided to
call in an off-road car so there you go
I tried yes yes I have found the prime
location I'm hoping this one goes like
this and doesn't go behind this tree I
think it may have brought a bit too much
food it's only five seconds before all
those ducks coming in over and tried to
swat me because oh my gosh gasps a lot
the Sun is setting and on the horizon
the Ducks are coming to find food they
slowly approached the picnic bench in
hopes to be able to find some sort of
nutrients there is grapes and crumbs
waiting the vicinity little did they
know I will eat them for breakfast if
they even come close
that's right caper gone I need to put
the Jurassic Park music on it
but they're still coming what the hell
how many ducks is there a through one
piece of bread right there to a swan
that's about to pop it so ha ha ha ha
and oh my god the whole Navy is turning
up stay away he demanded more food or
something
a3 is right there just gonna get it look
at me aren't you dick hello there mr.
Swan let's not fight each other right
now but I'm going to bring you some
bread there you go piece of bread this
is a this is a peace offering bread
there you go
it's for you you're a smart Swan idea
towards some more right
I literally just fed you a still hissing
you think you're the gangster of the
pool or the pond even now that guy is
look there's a little platform chilling
where's your children nest hey hey hey
they're noticing oh my god this one
can't get fast enough
to the wall rule 101 of picnicking make
sure you didn't leave any mess and leave
it as you found it I fed one Swan
once one mundum move in it either way
look how beautiful our son says oh oh
all these several hundred thousand Birds
following us all are okay but this guy
oh I don't know if anyone knows you her
there's wings broken backwards makes me
sad what makes me happy though
look at that Swan just glide king of the
pond king of the lake gone ad normal
duck geese what the hell are you wait
that's the slowest duck neck I've ever
seen sighs a big-ass duck
what an awesome little place to come for
a picnic if you're ever in Marple and
you wanna come to where we were today
Roman lakes I came here as a kid and I
used to go fishing and stuff like that I
was terrible I made way too much noise
but absolutely beautiful time to drive
this bad boy home that's my impression
of trying to make Steve feel important
and epic and he's just like I don't care
Tom all I want to do is sit inside under
the little lamp and be happy how nice it
is out here you do not need that lot
replacing because you've got whirring
this guy
trust me this weather right now is
perfect temperature for you you could
chill out here all day all night eat and
you would be a-okay just throw now that
do not know if that's scientifically
true so I'm not gonna do that
I'm indeed releasing Stephen into the
wild be gone my friend freedom I'm
really hoping that when I walk away from
him here some likes I was gonna say
seagull some Eagle doesn't fly over and
catch him or anything but okay Steve be
free be gone goose no I'm set at the
bearded dragon population right now
would be heading for the hills like
literally running away Steve Steve knows
where he's got it good all right then
I'll come
yeah oh don't worry it's okay excuse me
you get oh that's what happens if you
walk up with a dragon from behind look
how puffy out he's gone it's okay just
me
he's just me buddy you like the weather
loves it don't ya come on come and cheer
with that I'd like to say I'm enjoying
myself but I'm absolutely sweltering my
tits off I've been out on a bike so to
wear under my leggings I had jeans on
today yeah that was a number one mistake
when the weather is nearly 30 degrees in
England so I'm gonna spend a few hours
chilling in the Sun catching some rays
with my boy Stephen let him run around
and get a bit comfortable oh my gosh I
can feel his heart pounding Oh Cup I've
been keeping my eye on if you keep doing
that my friend one it can be caused by
stress which you know this is a very
understandable circumstance but seeing
him doing is vivere before so hopefully
if it goes away and I don't see him do
it again like when I put him back inside
we'll be okay but if it does do it again
I'm definitely taking into the valley
someone said it might be a little chest
infection and the last thing we want is
you being ill isn't that right Stephen
yes
well guys enough to end today's vlog
here it's been an absolutely beautiful
day I know the conspiracy theories are
gonna start with what the hell's going
on who's Tom like hanging out with and
stuff like that and it's simply put like
not gonna be put in the vlog just
something that I'm keeping private
relationships or stuff like I'm not
dating it's just I work to go out with a
picnic with someone did it it was really
nice and I hope you guys understand and
respect that I dunno about everyone's
conspiracies already started the other
day when my balls dropped when I was in
the bedroom okay my balls dropped I mean
my balls my balls English balls dropped
into Croatia's net okay because bang we
won it's coming home boys but either way
super moving on thank you very much for
watching the vlogs guys I know you could
choose to do whatever you want with your
time and for some reason you chose to
tune in to watch these they're supposed
to be uploaded at 6 p.m. every single
day but unfortunately you know where
I've got the job of just getting
distracted by this weather and being
late every single day so if you guys are
enjoying them make sure you leave a like
crane if you're not subscribed Click the
SUBSCRIBE button
I'll give you notifications or emails
apparently or something every time I
upload but then once you've done that
click that dingdong Bell did a little
Bell next to it and then you will get
notifications every time I upload and
maybe an email somewhere that says you
don't how YouTube works basically what
an awesome little day right if you've
got anyone that you've got like a little
fancy already
like that go to the shop take a basket
take a bag or whatever get a bag of ice
pack up it go somewhere like nice and
off the beaten trail is somewhat like
that and you know just go and have a
picnic have a little bit of chill time
put your phone to the side switch off it
and I was vlogging but I was there like
three and a half hours and I spent like
two minutes of it on my phone vlogging
so I'm gonna go cuz I'm gonna get
student by a wasp and I'm allergic Steve
I'm gonna take you with me for a bit for
personal bodyguard protection under I'll
see you guys tomorrow a steep steep so
until that much love and oh yeah
analysis will kill me if I don't promote
them guys if you want to get yourself a
syndicate original white t-shirt we've
got all loads more back in stock
everyone's been moaning that we haven't
got them in stock because you know no
one's supposed to really wear black in
this kind of weather yeah but I do all
the time so I've been wearing a lot more
white shirts from now on so if you were
to grab yours link will be down in
description city coverage calm it's all
tomorrow much love finest our D Steve
