it's an absolutely gorgeous staining
them right now boiling one of the
hottest days of the year we come into my
house we go to brush our teeth and
Nothingness give it a second that's just
what was left in the tank it's gone no
h2o
I can't shower I can't brush my teeth I
can't do anything so no and we're gonna
ride over to Alice's house because if
you didn't know alice has moved into a
brand-new home and there's only one way
together
the motorbike collected the breakfast of
champions job to take it to Alice new
home so happy for her oh my gosh ladies
is gel tool in weight really well I know
the news
welcome to Alice's brand-new home wait
wait if you actually lost your car oh I
get a box room the obviously haunted one
that little upside down roof on it all
right we'll give me a tour give me too
busy look super creep Oh give you a
high-five you don't need it dear oh my
god Oh little dinner today oh we don't
need you Tom
Oh oh snap look he's even got a swim-up
machine Stephen got a swim-up machine oh
this is so nice you got a little oh
oh oh this looks lovely
this is absolutely lovely it's kind of
awkward that I've turned up to celebrate
being like oh nice house Alice and she's
legit lost a cat for like the past three
hours so that's house oh look at the new
kitchen
yeah that's gonna go what a rush what
it's the most random post in the Wilden
it go away
no I'm gonna run drunk enough one day
let's try and knock it down
Oh what's this essentials 101 this is
Alison Kyle's bedroom
ladies ladies oh this is so nice lesson
well oh the light nice nice doorway nice
and light again I like how's this up
feeling where's your under let's cover
door oh she's got one it's a toilet
you can talk puppy there now oh you got
garage totally put the toilet in there
oh nice lounge you took kitchen
one big room big powerful doors yeah
yeah that's cracking ideas don't kill
Verdugo fun does your husband go for his
new house yeah well do it GoFundMe for
the rescue search of your car oh yes so
nice so old so old people yeah
downstairs doesn't smell like old people
okay it does Oh is his cows one room
this kind of gaming room gaming room
gaming room this is the perfect this is
a perfect gaming room for Carl it's
perfect song isn't really we'll do that
then oh my god
you've nuked the place already this is a
big bein bedroom would you mean to say
that wall no no warm way I live in one
way one way I really like it got nice
new doors in the ERC very nice this is
my bedroom
this is my bedroom this is my bedroom
oh my god beautiful spot you've got
Ollie's I can't say little spotty my
what a beautiful home you have him that
you know the one was home
it's just been it'd be nice if you got a
cat in it it'll come back I'm a positive
thinking you know
the origin do like a downstairs toilet
and utility room really that's that's a
girlfriend me machen rustling over there
look who's turned up yeah he's like I
was having a fun time with my new jungle
oh my god do you like it oh yeah pit oh
yeah
don't you like that I've got no water on
my street stuff come to your house is a
public service shower now I'm good
thanks you could have this good wet good
red car oh yeah this is how you make me
feel oh yeah yeah oh yes absolutely
gorgeous weather watching ye the captain
we escaped again stay bad dog I'll get
to enjoy ice creams not healthy you tell
me that that's healthy you think not
quite
he's got no saturated finer and what you
cannot look then there are 3-1 Gramercy
what seriously do you want to know how
you cut escapes you wanna know how he
escapes he's on your roof and how do
they actually get there physically
as you go Oh mommy's on the roof no wait
I'm break interval training with child
dude dude we're doing this thing like
third degree heat burpees boy I at least
feel happy knowing I'm sweating this
mode is iftar he's just doing what we
did
I'm exhausted and so is he so at least I
can be okay with that original box of
boxing come on oh they didn't put in by
the way ripped off from the padding
packaging Oh Christine Robinson she
signed her ah yeah I go says right now
Catherine and Christine this is
absolutely amazing
I had no idea they were working on this
like no one tweeted me saying like I've
got something on the way or anything
like that so thank you so much for that
we're gonna ship you acidic original
swag package because that is absolutely
amazing from Cincinnati since and I
Kentucky that's pretty good in it put
nails in it a detail that's gone into
this is pretty mad what you think I did
my gun dude if you guys are seeing this
right now please get in touch to
syndicate regionals calm I just will
confirm with the address on there what
if it's you make sure it's all legit
everything and it'll get you some swag
sent out so thank you so much for that
very dope yeah moment of truth
do I how it's not sure about that I have
keen water
come on render its it's currently 637
and not finished yet it smells like
barbecue I know hello why are we doing
on to cook it give me one of those were
you showing off were you showing off on
camera but what I was actually there in
definitely got the word is cooking
sausages I've ever seen but oh did you
forget to prickle those sausages with a
fork the pickle technique with a pot
what's this it's Chinese I've heard of
very many several definitions of hot dog
miniverse
bro I'm afraid to say but your house is
infested by ants I let's watch your feet
they're going under here Oh
Khalid this up there's a few hundred
thousand but maybe that's their holy God
all praise I came to have a barbecue and
go it out get in them unpowered milk and
I present to you the solution to your
problems it doesn't actually say kill
dance was one of them not flying if it's
gonna kill a wasp it's gonna kill it
animals
surely get him Carl get him Carl I
looked on the phone off the wall Oh get
him Carl
get him girl
quick hello yes I just filmed an
absolute genocide I just missed the clip
where Alex was hitting them with her
sandal now Kyle's drowning them why do I
call Alice's cat a dog do you miss all
your friends from you old house I think
he does
desperate times mate I turned up it
escaped you returned he came back and
then he was on the roof so now this is
what you get wait going to a business
meeting right now I am so happy for
these guys they've got their own like I
know I like I keep saying you've got
your own house in your home sort of
thing because you're the your of the
house was great but this feels like a
home this feels like where you're gonna
raise a family
wait what why don't you have a baby
Alice then sorry what's your Texas and
what was your accent I think you two
about to have kids in the next problem
or chance to kiss our pinky Logan
thanks for having me for dinner I love
your new house
Oh emotion it know what I'm trying to
achieve is you to being like emotionally
huggy the children waving goodbye walls
closing the door what you doing okay now
do it yeah it's game night time with
Carl my playstation with some reasons
just sat down here which it's not been
plugged in for any of the updates for
for tonight this is why I have one of
the most amazingly placed houses in all
of this local village from my bedroom
the Sun just set so magnificently over
there it's unreal
I feel like that's like the lion
character you can't do it just this like
trying to eat iPhone do justice is this
an example of how intensely read this
son is in the cameras just not picking
up you ready this is me hid behind shade
insane dude I
I didn't even design this house to be
like aligned with the Sun setting over
there but by oh my god it does
either way it's that time of day it's
that damn day I mean you Baikal are
doing one thing only what on earth is
this not the Lima you're looking for oh
my god no no no do not shoot anyone Cal
it don't do anything it's a 2v2
and Cal side if you had the tree God Cal
State stay hidden so he doesn't know you
are cuz he's not expecting too rough to
defend from this way move to that ramps
you're right you're right you're right
you're right you're right you're right
that was definitely yeah move to there
quick quick quick quick quick quick
oh I spied you the tactic of us were 28
feet no heels well done victory victory
victory oh yeah ah wow it is another day
in paradise is absolutely gorgeous I
finally got the vlog edited I may be
able to get it edited uploaded on time
whoa who's this guy is this top did I
get a haircut yeah do I get a haircut
tomorrow's long maybe possibly spiral
dirt but before we go any further with
ending today's vlog I need to let you
guys know that if you do want to get
yourself a Sembach original shirt we've
brought back the white live to shot make
the most of it
nearly everything I always wear is just
black hence the color of my wardrobe but
we do have a white collection I'm
bringing this t-shirt back due to high
demand large two-shot make the most of
it that's my motto that's my saying and
I've tried to live by it as much as
possible so if you guys wanna grab
yourself shirt represent then go ahead
and do so little bit down in description
cific original comm make sure you get
yours take a dope-ass photo of you out
in the store and out we friends help you
family do whatever you're doing whatever
your sport is your activities making the
most of life send me four and make sure
I check it out and thank you for
supporting syndicate original so until
then guys I'll see you tomorrow at 6
p.m. flex daily vlog make sure you leave
a like rate subscribe if you're not
subscribed around here and you're
watching this video I'm not even signed
into a YouTube account first of all what
are you doing
secondly sign up sign him Morgan leave a
like rating subscribe ding dong location
Bell and you'll get notified every time
I post a new video at 6 p.m. ish every
day I'm trying to stick to 6 p.m. but
it's currently 30 minutes to 6 and I'm
probably gonna be late so much love
I'm sorry else
