wake up it's a beautiful morning wake up
it's a beautiful day ah this is such a
bright room to wake up to but oh my lord
absolutely God what who's that Oh
a neighbor I thought I saw someone
breaking into the house yeah there's a
lovely guy and I just got a message off
I need to clean this room before I
started or anything I just got a message
from people at triac saying that the
embargo for me to stream zombies third
day is apparently lifted at 2:00 p.m. so
just for the record this game comes out
at midnight like worldwide ball
sometimes you turn the service on early
and then just like yeah people can play
and apparently the servers are coming up
early and they're just gonna let people
play at 2 p.m. so I need to get ready
all right I have got called you
downloaded I've got it connected to my
superfast internet so it should be done
by the time I get back I've got an hour
and a half apparently until I can
actually live stream the game so I've
got a meeting which I completely forgot
about back please I've got a meeting
that I need to get to right now in hide
so thank you very much for ringing me
mr. bank man been like oh yes I'm
waiting for you I was like I'm
coming I'm on my way
sorry about this so I rushed down
they're having me in talk interest rates
and probably no offense but this gained
nothing from it they'll be like you can
earn 10 per year from having your your
about your money with this I'm like no
thanks and so yeah I was thinking I had
until midnight and I was actually gonna
get the car wash because look at it it's
just got like stuff growing all over it
no wonder the wasps like it boy we're
gonna go down to the bank we're gonna
sort this out and then we're gonna rush
back set up the stream we blame zombies
on that and I can not wait so I'm
thinking of maybe it might be like a it
might be a 2:00 p.m. till 2:00 area and
stream tonight
and then through the rest of the week
that kind of hours stupid ridiculous
hours and then once I've got that out
the way I'm thinking of doing a schedule
of like four till midnight after that
point on so yep it's gonna be a long and
one pound for three hours me I'll take
now that's a bargain and look at this
cart me got a bird down on the side
of it it's got pint
look at these needles they get
everywhere oh my god I need to get this
thing washed bike meeting started with
that legend right there that was so
funny because I went in to talk about
like
premier banking you can get you know
like discount off this or discount off
this or you know just organize your
accounts everything which is exactly
what I need to do and I'm finally taking
care of it but it's been after me
talking about ecology an uptick in how
he watches like the optic podcasts and
all this sort of stuff and it was just
min Mike talking about zombies in my my
career and stuff like that I told him
why I popped the bottle of champagne
which is pretty cool which a lot of
people don't know about and stuff like
yeah just a really really good meat in
and it's just got me so excited for card
bought it is a fast one now I need to
get some food inside me otherwise I'm
gonna be struggling for the rest of the
day and I've got half an hour before the
game comes out I'm allowed to stream it
so Starbucks got my food let's do this
time for a new era a new change daily
live streaming all day every day every
minute every hour every second look I
love streaming I love streaming live
logon I do I love you when I'm traveling
know what I'm still around doing nothing
hey that actually but I love vlogging
and I love traveling but I love
streaming and more than anything I love
ecology zombies which question my laptop
my house wait wait what if I got a kid
okay okay thank God for that
okay it's only like 2:00 in the
afternoon right now half past two in the
afternoon and there's 10,000 people
watching this live stream oh my god
so let's give it a go we're gonna dive
oh I didn't even start piece of no
way ecology black ops team certifies me
that's sick slowly moving throughout the
maps right now or quickly if you
consider me going down early we're about
to play blood of the Dead but look at
this twitch chat right now 27,000 people
preparing for me to play blood of the
Dead and look up oh look at all these
people all these people subscribing me
this is in sanity absolute insanity oh
my god J booty kr8 ninja mommy with a
through ninja Bobby
I appreciate what I'm gonna see you
there George Ratana retirement at when
Tata and great name's Dylan Bevan Nova
disco chowder Naveen JPM dude
legends I shout it out to its prime for
ammo on twitch and look what happened
in just shot cuz look at this all these
people just subscribe right here and
right now shout out to all these old
legends wait for it wait for there it is
1000 subscriber train holy everyone
say hello to the vlog
everyone's like where is it by the way
it's like 656 and I still not got
yesterday's vlog uploaded cuz I'm sorry
streaming but we just hit a thousand
subscribers in a row down look at all
these people right here right now
legends got 27,000 people in there right
now nuts okay so eight o'clock at night
streamed from 2 to 8 so 6 hours not bad
thank God I remembered I had Byrant edit
the vlogs like no joke I was like do the
gameplays everything but I'm still got
trying to cook myself some food because
I'm trying my best as much as like this
first week I should be no I offend
everything I've tried my best to make
sure I get out of that office because
I'll be in there so much you know just
streaming like in four walls all the
time that if I step away from the office
go get myself some food cook myself a
meal and that way it would be healthier
I won't get stupidly fat and I can enjoy
just like keeping fresh we streaming
ravelin just keeping myself closed in
them four walls so going on Tesco now
I'm gonna pick myself up rib eye as you
guys probably could have guessed and
cook myself up so I once I've got the
food I'm then gonna come back cook it
and then play video games for a bit for
AM sweet and I got the secret sauce I'm
just saying this right now my secret
sauce is not just this I do things to it
but this essay wasn't even called I
don't know essay sauce is amazing trust
me
go online buy as much as this as you can
because like crack not that I'm telling
you to do crack but if you want to taste
an addicting peppercorn sauce this is
the one oh my god
not a ribeye I only could get nope
sirloin I can only get so on so cooking
it up
smelling good looking good two minutes
it'll be done that is a nice ass looking
dinner oh my god I'm so excited that
sauce is incredible
yeah I am too in my own horn this is
absolutely amazing
mmm the amount of juice I kept in that
steak is insane look at that
oh my gosh look at the flavor look at
the flavor
I'm genuinely upset that it's all gone
hey I just drank the rest of this I just
got sauce fell all over me there's more
use my sauce hmm more sauce whiskey that
was amazing honestly that'd be the best
steak I've ever cooked myself ever raw
finished for the night
oh the day it's currently 7:45 in the
morning right now I've finished it's
time to clean up and be refreshed and
ready for another day so I'm really were
bed as soon as I've cleaned up this
office I'm gonna go warm up same way I'm
that time right now I've been awake
since like 10:00 a.m. and it's now
nearly 10:00 a.m. again like 7:45 a
summer but amazing stream absolutely
incredible so much love so much support
of you guys I was worried that I was
gonna think that I made a bad decision
in the sense of like oh my god do I
really want to do Sriman full-time and
all that sort of stuff and the answers
yes I had so much fun streaming but more
importantly tonight I screwed with Noah
Jay which was absolutely like overdue as
hell t LexA fire which was just
incredible and JC and it was so much fun
like I played solo for like maybe 10
hours or some other and upload were
those guys like a couple of hours in is
like true zombie community guys and it
was so much fun I absolutely loved it so
I can't wait to get a good night's sleep
because this is what I shouldn't be
doing right now staying up to this sort
of time because now I'm gonna be tired
tomorrow as we have a knock-on effect
and a knock-on effect in there knocking
effect so I'm looking forward to like
you gain some sleep waking up whenever
the hell I feel like it get all my
videos rendered out you know so like all
the hours of me streaming like like
tonight get that up on the gaming
channel just get posting regularly have
fun and just get better as on because at
first it was a mad struggle but the more
and more I play it the better and better
I'm gay like I just screamed then and it
took like three hours to get around 30
and not it was a struggle but I did it I
had like
technique down and I wasn't really
enjoying it so I want to try and smash
out like round 50 on each map start
doing all the challenges and like all
the things like if he plays zombies are
you played like Claude you like you know
all the challenges and stuff and killing
Michael trying to get all done for
zombies we tried to work it out like if
I wanted to try and reach the highest
rank in cod zombies how many hours would
it take me to play the game and you
ready for the answer five hundred and
forty plus hours is what we averaged
like purely playing non-stop of Call of
Duty zombie game played maps again and
again and again to reach the highest
rank and I'm like oh my god I really
want to do that but we're gonna keep it
fun and keep it fresh and I really think
we will be able to do it but more than
anything the new blackout mode it's so
much fun I can't wait to be streaming
that so I'm just gonna be on that hive
man if you didn't tune in yesterday you
definitely missed out it was so much fun
it was on another level of fun and I
can't wait to do it again tomorrow I
just wish we had more hours in the day
in the center you know I streamed from
two o'clock so like 7 o'clock in the
morning but I wish there was more hours
in the day for me to go all right I'm
gonna go now get eight hours sleep and
wake up her you know in a reasonable
town time cuz if I go to bed now
and I get eight hours sleep I ain't
getting out of bed but realistically you
know I'm dude by mafia but like so like
four o'clock if you have to do you know
I saw it so it's not really the best
sort of thing but not just me my mind or
my life so it is one of this I had so
much fun I'm gonna dive into this bed
now I'm gonna close my blackout curtains
I'm gonna put Do Not Disturb sign on on
my on my life cuz this man needs to
sleep I've been killing the undead all
goddamn night later killed like 7,000
zombies tonight which is just crazy
killed 7,000 zombies I already killed
7,000 more tomorrow so yeah if you tuned
in once again guys thank you for 2 min
it was so much fun and yeah I can't wait
to hear all over again so hopefully
wants to get this first week like this
weekend out the way of just wanting to
stream all times from all times from all
the time when I get that sort of like
you know out the way you know keep you
fresh keep it for and for get into more
of a structured routine like yeah I'm
jumping on it this time on Ryan
jump off at this time you know that's
our thing just so it's structured for me
so I'm not like doing this getting big
but bags into my eyes and just keep it
fresh and keep it in porn and then that
way
I've got schedule and you guys know
Institute into live streams it'll be
much much bad but I'm gonna get in bed
I'm really tired I can't even keep this
eye open so thank you for watching if
you did change the live streams you're
amazing I'm sorry yesterday's vlog was
late but I was streaming all day apart
and came close to a pyro thank you so
much but I'm gonna love you I'm gonna
leave yes I catch you guys tomorrow
oh actually you might not you might not
this might be the last daily vlog that's
like daily because tomorrow I don't
think I'm gonna record because I'll be
live-streaming all day so guys I will
see you whenever any make I will see you
guys whenever I make my next vlog so
thank you for tuning in I hope you
enjoyed it it was just me just kicking
it around and do the do but yeah I'll
see you whenever I feel like posting a
blog again and that doesn't mean like 20
years time or in two weeks or six weeks
or one day or and it just means whenever
I feel like if I've got something that
I'm like doing that day or I just feel
like going I'm gonna film today then I'm
gonna do it and I'm gonna try and keep
doing it regularly but just not daily
that way I just give myself the freedom
to go I want to stream all day today
that's exactly what I'm gonna do not
feel like I'm laying anyone down
so I'm gonna live here I'm falling
asleep and I said yes I'll see you guys
next time
