good morning to your faces it's a new
dawn it's a new day we're starting today
pretty late for the last day to ride
today so we're gonna go on the lips and
we're gonna smash it with style firstly
wait to start a date I went to go on the
lift got my pass of Tony again it is
broken down nothing is moving and we
can't get on I only have an hour of
mountain bike time so I need this system
to start working properly please 20
minutes later I'm finally making my way
up to the top so the boys should be up
here they've been riding all day and we
were supposed to be going whitewater
rafting Tom Graham everyone was
organizing it guys got in touch with
people and then like yeah we'll get back
to you and they never did so I am sad to
say no whitewater rafting time to try to
pry up the Tiki
another last day my mom ate Cheers
thanks oh oh god yes
I'm gonna try and let you guess right
now what that noise is I'm on a cable
count swinging away because we've broken
down for whatever reason bought take a
guess as to what it is if you guessed a
herd of cows on a mountain with big-ass
bells around their tips you guess
correctly so goodbye ladies about a good
time I really have I could easily do
just five days in fronts I know some
people I put sure you want to ride every
day and stuff like that I like riding
but I like to do it like Dave ridin and
something else Dave rider than something
else or a night out with someone that
that's kind of like how I like to do it
so I'm very much this year done it in my
own time my own schedule and I've loved
it but I'm ready to go home start the
next adventure
all right ladies see that guy on that
car row following down
he's a mega sender
my arms are killing me this is beautiful
this isn't the sketch it seems dead
sturdy you know what else it's not about
the swimming pools filled on god damn it
I can tell you right now with pride and
passion that the last thing I want to do
is start tidying this room but I have to
do everything's covered in dust from
riding but I've got a tidy up get packed
up because we're leaving and checking
out at 10 a.m. tomorrow
some have a shower with this fly which
is life I'm gonna no I'm trying to save
your life no this way that wait window
it wide open yes yes yes
teamwork thank you my dad went and got a
sports massage because his life is all
aching and dying I feel I knew I didn't
need to see that supposed to wait stay
still
so does it go to your ass or is it just
today and will be reborn who will fill
him with metal I was saying your arms
were kind of turned Oh on camera it
looks 10 times worse oh my god oh my god
not Ken you're the brownies person in G
cross how did you make that rookie
mistake don't throw my competing we
didn't say we uvx we should invest in
the world
so you think look what I've spied that
is one of the sickest looking defenders
I've ever seen skid plate on the bottom
roof rack on the top pimped out specs on
it beautiful everywhere I look in this
country the defenders Tom's trying an
olive yeah that just doesn't sound right
it is slice us snails all about that
like group experience it it's good I
love it got a bit of all the cheese I'm
not too happy about you are having such
a cultured experience out here right
your snail unfortunally even up frog's
legs we'll check so
don't have an alcohol whose I'm calling
the police we may have seriously messed
up because we've he's fine how are you
we've got six gigantic steaks covered
apparently and I'm full I don't owe you
anything stupid over there oh let me see
this let me see this thing he's all
right with this whoa wait is this
actually a water feature or the heck on
earth is this place it's like a cheese
tasting area with absent very revealing
statues if you came to this bar and did
it right on the ceiling did you really
come to the bar well you're right in
hate to do it we were gonna write biker
bum boys follow it and you start with a
H what I missed I missed memo
all right all right there we go biker he
spell it bi H thank you uh he did a
pretty dire job of that so I had to do
since the life of Tom I figure that's
from a YouTube channel on the ceiling
sorted
a tank top stuck on you
Oh showed it you know how to get me
going Lodge oh yeah oh my god the
thunder and lightning is crazy out here
holy shit it sounds like a bomb going
off spoiler alert I made it back to
England without any hiccups Oh in
tomorrow's log you see I was traveling
back and all that but I'll tell you
something if you're in England right now
it is absolutely gorgeous
I'm definitely boiling my tits off here
so I'm gonna have to end today's vlog
here guys thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the mountain
biking videos I know a lot of you guys
and it's a mountain biking but through
the comments that was reading so many
people were saying they want to get into
it so it looks amazing they want to go
do themselves
I don't really really encourage you to
do it it's such a fun sport it can be
very dangerous but as I was out on the
tracks you know you've got like like
skiing you've got green blue black reds
and all that starts to apply you know in
different scales of light which is the
most difficult one so if you just go
build yourself up progress over the
future and I just realized to see that
reflection there it kind of looks like a
logo because it's the Fraser logo but if
you guys really want to get into it get
yourself a little standard bike get
started I've get into a bit of cross
country try a bit down Ilyn you don't
have to throw too much money in it to
get into it but it can be very expensive
some mountain bikes range from like a
couple hundred pound to literally tens
of thousands of pounds so yeah be
warning if you've got an addictive
personality to picking up sports and
traits that might be an expensive sport
to get addicted to and again very
dangerous my dad broke he's not doing it
and so those wondered about the
situation when we fight in Joe Weller
we've got until tomorrow to try and work
out the situation with the trainer the
event situation with the clash of dates
and hopefully everything can pan out we
just still waits here and get some
confirmation so as soon as I know
anything I'm gonna let you guys know so
until tomorrow stay tuned much slips
your faces I'll hopefully see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog I'm now back in England and I have
like found it found it out internet so
shouldn't be late
the reason today's was is because my
flight was delayed by like two hours so
that sucks but hey I'm happy I'm home
it's hot as hell I'm gonna get this
video rendered I'll see you guys
tomorrow alright much love and a sorry
ass
