Oh nude on new day last night
I may have signed up to fight Joella in
the case hi Logan Paul under guard I
sell it but in other news it's an
absolutely gorgeous day in France there
is literally just two clouds in the sky
you ready to go throw ourselves in a
lake a year it's big oh my goodness me
I'm a biggest fears of all time
doesn't scare me being in it but the
thought of it snapping because if you
see that all that's being held on by is
just one tiny metal bar feel good much
fun of ice as well you turn round nasty
I haven't got a feet clipped in I
haven't got a helmet on and we're
sending it down some tracks this was
supposed to be an easy gentle rapid
always for protection all right nice
this is what I'm talking about I'm about
to get on that bad boy and no one's
gonna stop me unless just where I find
out I'm banned because it did this
if you can own one if you're a motorbike
the people gonna complain about it if
you're an electric motor bike that's
amazing
kids sending it on an electric quad go
on that kid resist resist is this not as
French as it gets I will sign a cafe
interesting you can say hello I can
officially give you those because
there's no time like the present
um what think that's a healthy start to
a boxing training diet in it the grind
is real ten minutes to upload all thanks
to Graham's phone set on this windowsill
thank you you may know it really hurts
back we ride right in the past my dad's
actually broke his back and we think
he's rehearse elf poor Ken we are
returning to this restaurant it was
absolutely amazing also I just noticed
that Oh
Tesla charging station it's kind of cool
the food was so good here Tony gave it a
ten out of ten that we are returning for
once with all of us for a nice big meal
try snails once once well to himself
never ever had a snail before there's
time for everything what would you
describe it like all night oh my God
look at the size of that fly absolutely
jet where's he gone with whoa I also
made the mistake of leaving this light
on so I have got the world's largest
collection of moths and flies in my
bathroom this is like the one night me
and Tom haven't been out drinking
properly I'm wrong you've got a drink
I've got nothing but this is the one
night one which it early
hey if you want maybe today I'll
actually get up for breakfast which I've
not done I thought I don't want this
holiday
I did it once a free breakfast the
following his breakfast I could have but
I'm not doing it that's great that's on
me there's so many moths in this room
hey there's gigantic Oh beautiful they
keep flying into my face so today was
quite literally a day that consisted of
me doing next to nothing I didn't
actually end up throwing in the lake
because by the time we'd actually got
there it was the kids section hour so
running around with a GoPro on an
inflatable with children on it
it's definitely not a good idea so
unfortunately no jumping in the lake but
another news a conversational topic
right now is me versus Joe well in a
boxing match and you might like Tom why
is this happening why is this thing what
is going on one he's fear and two he's
boxed before of which I've clearly never
done any of them even the beam fit I'm
willing to give it my everything I've
got from this point now a month and 22
days to train my absolute hardest lie I
will go to the gym every single day work
on cardio Excel X I'll do everything
I'll eat properly I'll get an entire
training team because I live around the
corner from the the hit man team so
ricky hatton and his team every day I
can get up go to the gym you know like
you know when they tell me to go I'm not
just gonna go and try and hit it every
day and be like your broom so swore
let's go get them to teach me how to box
and then try and stand a chance in the
ring and I said that because it means
you're like the exact same height and I
think it would be a very very
interesting fight I've watched him
against Jay Jay and I saw like we're
easy for us were like all his benefits
before so he's never seen me go into a
ring and fight because I've actually
never been into a ring and fought before
but I'm willing to give it a go I will
say this it's not a hundred percent
confirmed until July fourth it will be
because I'm gonna go back home tomorrow
when I go back home I'm gonna try and
meet with team that do a Dave assessment
with them see what the thing if I can
just absolutely smash it fly it
move in 22 days straight absolutely have
it see what they think and if they're
like this is a good idea then I'll do it
and if they say this is the worst idea
you've ever come up with in the entire
life then I just say you know what it
was a good concept but I tell you what
I'm gonna step away and I'm gonna let
someone else take the place as long as I
had someone to tell me what to do how to
do it I'll listen and I'll do it I've
always been so good at like
taking the instructions taking on board
and just commit into something like I've
always been able to do that my entire
life and that's exactly what I want to
do with this situation if the training
people had just gave me like listen yeah
good on you ten out of ten for effort
however not the best scenario not the
best idea I'm just gonna say you know
what give the opportunity to someone
else there's a million in ten people
who've all called like job being like I
want to fight you I want to fight you I
want to fight you and there are a lot
fare and leave all before and they've
trained and they're all ready for it so
I'm like you know what if it does take
me stepping down to give the opportunity
to someone else then absolutely but I
don't want to that said there's also one
big issue the moment I tweeted Joe and
was in communication with Joe and
everyone like that to try and get this
organized and at least the next day
message me saying just want to let you
know you've got I sixty three that
weekend so if you guys don't know I
sixty three was like the biggest game in
convention in the UK and I go every
single year and I'm there for four days
from 10 a.m. till 6 p.m. and therefore
four days straight meeting fans like me
and greets I'm usually partying and
drinking and all that which clearly I'm
not doing now but the main issue at hand
would be the fact that I will be at that
event contractually until 6 p.m.
I'd have to get from Birmingham to
Manchester Evening News Arena for the
fight trained ready after three days of
meet and greets to throw down I think we
can make this happen I really do right
now I'm in communications with the
insomnia team to see if he's actually
physically possible to get me from
Birmingham at 6:00 p.m. to the M Ian
arena to fight Joe whilst trying to fit
in training and do all the meeting
greets and finally throw down so
tomorrow I'm gonna be organising all
that we're gonna be on the call we're
gonna see if we can make it up and if we
can then we're doing it if we can't then
I really should remembered about the
insomnia event I actually did in a in a
clip speak to Victor about like oh I
might actually miss the case I fight
because I'm actually at the event
because all the every youtuber in the
world's go into it and I'm from
Manchester so the fact that I'm not even
going to that fight in the first place
was like a oh why you're not going you
should be representing your hometown and
I completely agree but we're just gonna
have to wait and see if it can pan out
if it can work out we're doing it we're
having it I'm committing to it as of
right now already like I've been out
riding getting fit like you know
building up my stamina riding out here
it's like get back learn how to box
let's just bring it on shore let's go
it'd be interesting to see what I can
learn in a
and a half and I have actually gone to
boxing lessons before when I was younger
a little bit not too much but at least I
know the basics at any other day defend
yourself and punch them in the face
potentially thank you very appreciate
that so like I was saying since the
decision was made I have been eating
healthily I've been drinking healthy
I've not had anything else of them water
just flushing my system I'll get my body
feeling fresh getting body feeling good
I have been working out by going on all
the rides and stuff our area and trying
to start the journey now there's no time
like the present so I'm going at it
immediately as soon as I get back and be
sticking to it until it ever gets to a
point where they go this isn't possible
I'm gonna be preparing for it so Joe
let's go let's do it let's make it
happen you are a unit I'm gonna give you
that one compliment but you know what
I've seen your box before you've never
seen me box before you've never even
seen me fight before so who knows what's
gonna happen we'll find out
August 25th or tomorrow after phone call
when they say you know what
it's not going down so until that guy's
much-loved leave a light gray I'll see
you tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
eight vlog and it's adios
