well definitely setting a new high score
today getting out of bed at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon
yeah Jen's as soon as I walk into town I
see a paraglider just sailing on in he's
so cool
it is a dude on it is a new day and yes
I am starting this day at 3 p.m. in the
afternoon
there's a massive race going on in town
today called the passport de Soleil my
dad Tony Chris Jerry and Chris are all
taking part in it I'm not Graeme's not
so we're gonna go find some food give
her a little bit of French but well just
hit breakfast but don't think it causes
breakfast does it whenever you see a
helicopter flying over the mountains
like that that's never usually a good
thing pause the walk to breakfast
check out that defender what Kyle raised
it is a snark on it roof rack cook a
beast French know how to defend couldn't
even imagine riding this today it's so
it's gotta be like 29 degrees today and
these guys are all riding like bags body
armor helmets
I've been a half thousand euros of that
god damn I lost my crap over that being
five now grand this one six thousand
eight hundred euros and this one is
7,500 it's okay it's only one way to
start today right France good and our
food came
merci oh my god that's a big Caesar
salad little Sheba oh look at him he
must be so hot today
no now lots of he's our kid whoa Oh
Holly yeah that's some a special detail
got into that yeah I make him my maximum
area if you want to see some tricks you
are you make you ain't together to go up
guy in a wheelchair the broken leg
I so sick congratulations and
celebrations dude they've just done like
how many 60 covers 82 you've done it 82
comments today
well done that man get to the bar
I've not rode a bike all day this is the
highlight of a day someone's about to go
down in fraud night at 12:30 p.m. yeah
oh I'm watching more ninja streaming cuz
I don't know what's gonna happen
apparently the Rockets what on what the
heck WT Rams phone yet a god damn game
21 minutes to board a video rather than
two hours my friend thank you so
appreciate have you just shot yourself
I've never been I've never been so
confused
I've never been so confused by far thank
you very much mrs. tube is a drink at
top gets a fruity cocktail with an
umbrella at your cocktail was cute very
cute ah that's a wizard I'm sorry
with a bugged up nose because I had one
plug VI VI had to move the plug this guy
showed me a video of the pollen off the
trees board through France Poland star
the city look at the dust that's Paula
yep Oh what let me show you the pump
this is the pond
Abbi I'm a my nose he's completely
blocked it was behind me for about an
hour and by those his closed
I thought hey fever was a joke when I
was younger I grew up developed it oh my
god no way
I don't mess around with that yeah but
I'm gonna say they put that there for a
reason
don't you we managed to get on that last
night and it was amazing no police
officer we don't have any drinks that's
amazing picking the cup yes
alright here we go Bea and Dave are
gonna become good friends
Dave uh six three two one
how's the biggest jagerbomb I've ever
done in my life
oh yes
hey magic yes are you ready
fate this is a busy busy bar wait what
makes kool-aid
oh my oh my god Jesus Christ on a pipe
cake Wow
I feel like I'm rabid a bike so Jesus
I'd such a good night tonight I think so
we like wait oh three morning I
can gram Tony Tom Jerry where are you
who lost people standing yeah I get what
are you doing what do you use that's
nice
becoming a familiar thing isn't it me
the next day
satay edit in hungover the drunk that
before and oh my gosh but more
importantly why I'm about to feel is the
potential of training for the next 25
days to fight Joella on the undercard I
don't think I've gotten longer than a
week of not having alcohol so that'd be
a nice welcome change but you know what
I'm gonna go home to England I'm gonna
assess the situation see if it's
possible because I am at insomnia 63
that weekend if you guys are not going
to make sure you're there I am down
there so if I can juggle doing insomnia
and the boxing fight and get the right
team behind me to train
I'm ready I'm absolutely ready mentally
I'm there I'll push my body to the
limits to go for it I'll tell you some
of on it'll hands-down be the most
grueling thing I have ever done I will
be taking part in but if I set my mind
to something I'm gonna get it done and
I'm ready to go for it I am absolutely
exhausted I feel beat up I've damaged
unlike I'm injured I just want to rest
but it is ever been a time for me to get
in shape and get it going it's now so
the most welcomed thing will be no
alcohol and eaten fresh and good for a
full month and 25 days that sounds like
a challenge I'm willing to accept so
gonna go back I'm gonna assess the
situation and we're gonna go from there
so guys I have to end today's vlog so I
can get it uploaded more talk about the
fight tomorrow we'll see how things go
but when I say I'm taking this decision
very seriously I'm taking it very
seriously so thanks for watching wish me
luck
leave a like rating and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
vlog until then much love I miss a dose
