now that's some crazy news to wake up to
a volcano erupted in Barlett and it's
less sixteen thousand people stranded if
I was still there I wouldn't be able to
get off the island bar my gosh I hope it
recovers quickly because I can tell
right now that would be a struggle stuck
in the airport oh nasty
she's dusty I've actually not read under
in the past two days but she's so bloody
dusty do you know what isn't dusted oh
my brand-new helmet we giving this a
spin for today I tell you what what a
perfect goggle selection.i bar how good
do they look with it
who says I bought a new helmet doesn't
mean I need to crash to test it let's
stay on the bike everything will be good
and we'll be okay people all right nice
what happened he was sending it don't
trap me are you kidding me how did he
not go rolling down the hill he was he
driving yeah and he just send it around
the corner what real oh my god
what a massive sender I rode for like
three seconds school at Sandy mr.
Bristow is the legend yes he is come on
come on oh wow very bruised oh is green
guess you could I give twenty quid to to
go and jump in that Lake now well I said
I was going in this lake today so
there's no time quite like the present
I love that Lake all day now just commit
to it but no shoes look I'll play oh my
feet oh my god did you like that right
now I can't believe the bike floated
honest ago we were setting I was like
I've got to send it I've got to send it
I've got to send it send it and everyone
loved the all the walkers were laughing
so nailed it
don't be that they're part with Tony the
perfect recovery I still got a pair dry
shorts and a dry top I've just now got a
look home try set a body of a book you
know what if I could come to friends I'd
rather do shit like that every day then
just like you know the same world riding
a bike riding your bike I want to do
random shit and just imma laugh
gave her a dog what time is it Tony you
know the mom of the buff 2 full bathes
by the way so what time is it better
o'clock it's bitter cook Oh
toad oh my gosh Tony oh but can I borrow
some up please
Tom drinking on the streets in G cross
pays off here is my 4G is just like all
over the place because I'm with E I was
the grimms and it went from 1 minute 40
down to a week 31 30 29 and it's
counting down the minutes and it's
uploading faster and faster literally
look at it it's call that by the second
oh that's nice
glad you came I appreciate your
friendship and your writing skills can
we just pour one out for the homies
right now if grain was on this holiday
the entire time and I knew he had such
fast internet not a single one of my
vlogs would have been late cuz your
internet is gonna what world my vibe in
26 minutes 25 minutes gram where did you
get that top mate great room where did
you get that top ten where did you get
that Y was great not here from day one
isn't it well foster my phone said it
was gonna take two hours in tablets
upload Graham says nine minutes I just
want to make love to you
yeah are you ready for some snails wait
what that's just too much
I'm say this right now both of those
things taste like chicken
take it tastes like a bad chicken strip
that you had from from like a restaurant
no is the first night that were actually
finally going out for a meal
we've got Graham we got star martini
over here ready for some cocktails LA
and we're we're gonna try this
restaurant up on the Left which we've
actually not been to yet since day one I
said I want to go I'm going though I
took three seconds of reading to go
snails in garlic butter decided they're
enough uh-huh what's that yeah that is
that's the wine Bible open that up and
turn a page no these are wine yeah Tom
newly just provides the legend that is
Tony has joined us let me love you buddy
yeah I see these loves for professor
Rona Mike French no English no I review
from Island darlin come say hello
wait why you in front you're on holiday
very nice to meet you boys pleasure
didn't think I was gonna put me to Irish
people out hey books sure okay oh you
ready
no so well that's guy go you just got to
use this to pull the snail out and
you've got a nominate Tony the
professional he's actually I know it's
nice I got you to prom like a chewy King
bro hmm I'm not sure anyone's gonna put
in brackets on the menu tastes like a
chewy king prawn but like it don't there
you go without your comfort zone all of
it Oh Tony this is okay that looks
amazing and this looks incredible
Prescott
yeah sea snails look nice like that but
then when you take them out the shell
but what they actually look like the
texture of it looks like a horse's Tommy
which I just walked down a set of stairs
to try and find the toilet oh my
goodness okay that's a cool design check
this Wow check this buyer out this is
incredible and what I know what's more
amazing they've got a glass or above
them Wow
oh my god how have we not been here
every night this place is amazing oh my
gosh you know I want to go home and I'm
gonna add stone to the roof you know at
the ceiling of a house it'll just make
you feel underground and absolutely
filled that restaurant and Oh our food
has arrived
oh the first time I've been beeps a
tower you think really you like it hell
yeah okay tuna steak all the tuna steak
that's very nice
I'm trying Tony's beef SATA that's well
nice that was a win
ignore the pickles and cabbage on the
side that was an absolute wins out at
MLG of yours sorry dude ever
that's a win car became some flower
region and that's PMT but out of ten you
give it tell you I'd give mine an eight
I get minded named Tony what on earth is
that is it frozen girls are gone whoa
why am I not gonna buy my house and when
she's gonna be I reckon like to 210 210
is the most amazing shot ball I've ever
seen him alive how do I know that I've
that my house parity
rocket fuel 218
but it says we tip 262 compare Ella this
is like a star wars-themed bow my god oh
wait wait there's enough music coming
out of it Evan Oh Princess Leia where
have you been on my life once I'm just
gonna skip walk this door so I can film
Oh Chewbacca what have you been on my
life inside the Millennium Falcon how
crazy is this
Oh PU shall use the Force
hey there's actually showers on repeat
in here that's amazing I can't believe I
never remembered this bathroom just done
the math on how much it would cost to
drink her shot this big bottle of
Jameson in my blood why you working out
is because I've got that size Bala
Jameson at my house in the UK and to
drink that
her sharp 25 CL shot it would crush it
for a year as a show that's how much to
charge 640 arrows
No Oh dummy then I thought I was special
why would you kill earth up well this is
the French Way santé boys toffee oh that
was quite nice actually
you're welcome good at sea with time
merci beaucoup
Dobie I'm Missy you sounds Italian
Sebastian like how one of the bass stuff
tonight who's out drinking with us left
her phone here and I'm doing the million
picture trick so if your friend leaves a
phone on the side all you got to do is
this turn on flash turn off live photo
and you can press it as many times as
you want and just completely fill up
their album with photos there's an easy
way to delete it but so many people
don't know that edit select all and
delete so I'm just gonna keep doing it
and all I can say they're pants is I'm
not sorry
just the record this was not my idea
just scroll though you can scroll faster
than that trust me oh my god it's his
fault he gave the phone he gave me the
phone oh no whatever will I do
Knight and Tom and Graham decided to go
out and absolutely send it this time
they join with mr. Jesus Christ chill ho
whoa people wonder why I came to try
sergeant by a six foot five blonde girl
I've got a feeling that this place we're
about to go to is gonna be absolutely
ramaa skrýmir lammed oh really busy this
place is by key tonight in it
hmm apparently this is the only place
that's open tonight which is called oh
bloody hell the place where the biggest
steps or Pro Club disco good so what he
says discotheque oh won't you up and
pick you up don't lift me your boss kick
me out wait where's he gone Oh
everyone's in Oh grunts um toy place has
got 60 new security cameras okay let's
go
I'm sorry the five never adopted it like
today it's okay you definitely owe me a
shop can your legend
he made a joke but we still found him I
like how this shows you we buy a phone
everyone's like hi
I feel on the twitch out of just game on
they only know from tweets episode
twitch I appreciate you
let it be she ate him he's officially f
of a clock oh my god
my bro how long was I gone C for a while
bro I does except much that I've got the
gel on the hand look at me look I got a
comb-over
I like Bibles you know some people have
my clocks
some people have chain locks yeah she's
really cute oh speaking this uh all the
time your hoodie one
nobody everybody tries to steal like
this yeah double my they'll never take
it a trunk person will never go beyond a
double mark and guess what I continue to
own one out of one of the brand new
syndicate original hoodies whenever it
comes out so I don't know what it does
but it does we did time is it
no I wait for 29 just for evidence sake
actually before it's over it's very nice
seriously we boogied all night long
seriously drunk Tom's get sober Tom's
gonna read it this and go I'm never
putting the symbol and you know what I
say to that you can put yourself on a
unicorn and guess what golf gift stuff
imagine if we found the power switch
it's okay sorry it's okay I like cut
like guys like really chillers fuck dude
the guy was trying to kill us
I know if you watch if I'd be like well
how would you go up a carousel when you
shouldn't done it yeah okay we should
know but we're drunk you know what boys
the gap was a legend apart from the guy
who tried to pull us down the stairs as
soon as we was like we're sorry the
other guys were laughing because they
were like two British drunk guys tries
to get on the carousel and ride it and
tried to turn the power on and they
laughed back from the war god
we just went drinking out with Greg
Minnaar for like four hours
imagine if Ken knew my chief ken knew we
were out drinking with Greg Minnaar for
four hours he will tomorrow
aw so sad if you like the passport we
should be now partying we're going Minar
was your first night good fuck you min
good hey you know what dude yo oh that's
just that's a memory cards my head that
big French you coming up a set of stairs
unhorsed carousel its wards oh he was
like this he was on a mission was like
bang bang bang like English no no
I wish you showed Germany because I
would probably wouldn't understand him
Beth and I were just gone
duffle salad me and Graham absolutely
scented tonight oh fuck you fully
Bregman ah if you ever see this you're
an absolute legend we should totally
send it one day but I'm saying this
right now you're an absolute top light
was that a good night that's not ever
I'm just going to tired out to this
video I'm saying so right now that was
such a tough I had so much fun last
night
and then used on a night out like when
I'm editing like you know the next day
or a couple yesterday I was still so
happy of how fun that vlog was and guys
I hope you enjoyed it yeah it's such a
good day you know just keep the random
like the the routine of life go around
go around go around in shit it's fun so
certain extent every other day I like
keeping it spicy and doing something
different and today was that day of
doing something different so guys I hope
you enjoyed the video if you did make
sure you leave a like great if you're
new around here make sure you make a
youtube account click subscribe if you
are new you already subscribed to
another no of kpop by clicking a little
belly subscribe button and I'll see you
guys tomorrow for the next day of vlog
sorry about this one being late but you
know I went out drinking last night
every time you see me drinking in the
blog or tweet in front you know the next
day the vlog is gonna be like so I'm
gonna go now I've got to continue on the
rest of my day and just see how it turns
out so much love to you all thank you
for all your love and support
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish
for the next day vlog until then I said
yes
you
