hello there welcome your face to a new
vlog where today I'm gonna be ensuring
it as Tom from the current day not
yesterday the vlog you're about to watch
just to talk to you guys about summit
real quick
over the past like I'd say week or so
people have been seriously seriously
getting upset and offended about my
videos and you might be like oh my god
Tom what have you said what have you
done and the answer is I've actually
done nothing there's been an audio
glitch going around on YouTube as you
can see proof here Bing that if you
watch a YouTube video in lower
resolution than like 480p or wherever it
is and you get the audio and visual out
of sync so I'll go hey guys how you
doing and it will actually sound like
hey guys how you doing and everyone's
like Tom you have one job you're
supposed to be a professional youtuber
you can't even render your videos right
you can't have upload them on time
you've got audio issues and I'm just
like trying my best to let you guys like
it's not no it's not me it's not me it's
not me like even vixx I was talking
about it Mini lad was talking about it
everyone's been on the same pages to
like listen guys it's not the content
creators fault it's YouTube there's an
audio glitch on the website right now
and it's not actually our fault so if
you're super cool person and you can
understand that I appreciate it and more
importantly if you see someone's comment
saying like oh the audio is out of sync
with the mouth if you could please let
them know I've been trying my best over
the past like week to reply to people
and let them know okay it's not to me as
a YouTube issue then I really appreciate
it because giving me a major headache
reading my comments and all my comments
to just talk about all your visual
glitches rather than being like wow Tom
you crest your back like a noob but I'm
like exactly I'd rather read comments
like that then read comments talk about
an audio-visual glitch that is nothing
to do with me thank you for listening to
me rant for a little second there but I
just wanted to let you guys know that
it's not actually my fault it's a
YouTube issue this is probably the
longest YouTube's gone with an issue and
hasn't fixed it I'm not too sure what's
taking them so long
hopefully they get it resolved they will
do I'm sure they will and more than
anything if you're watching in 480p then
maybe you need to get round to nearest
McDonald's or Starbucks or whatever and
steal their Wi-Fi like I do because
where there's a will there's a way but
without further ado I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog it's two o'clock in the
afternoon I'm only just getting out
there safe to say last night was one
hell of a night from all the crashes all
the bruises all the fighting all the
drinking
my body is so but no matter how strong
it is I have one property and that's to
get to your tip so let's get it I feel
like a man good morning
Oh tell you all I think it's a bite free
day for me I know that's what we've come
out here to do but I'm just so agree I'm
so sorry every inch of my body is just
aching so we're gonna take a cable car
oh wait
pause that nema cable guy live fast can
I take a cable gap up to the top of this
hill there's a nice little restaurant
over there get some screen on one on one
and then I'm gonna take the cable car
down take two how are you going oh okay
ken looks like a bloody action hero he's
got a GoPro on the front he's got a
drone on his back I don't know where
he's going to fly the drone today but I
have a feeling he's gonna lose it
welcome to how to load your bike like a
professional this is Tom and he is your
bike loading instructor he put your bike
on the rack and get inside the bubble
yay Oh spaghetti oh boy she's okay you
just said she's had a head injury gonna
cover well my friend or her cover well
oh how beautiful is this for George
isn't it why why why wait what there's
swings yeah there's actually swings it's
a rope course how are we not signing up
to do that oh my god dogs incredible not
a bad place to get dinner right on the
edge of a mountain side of the boat
looking this teamwork Tom you live such
an odd life mate such a hard life
and back in it goes
oh I want to do it I want to do it I
want to do all that he's amazing but
he's so cool
we've got one life Tom and we're living
it I could be throwing my ass down a
mountain bike track right now it's so
could a but instead we've chose to just
sunbathe major plays mm-hmm I don't want
to have to I don't want to have to be
booked I'm gonna take the cable car back
down go back to the the chalet and edit
the vlog so goodbye this beautiful view
for now okay
not exactly feeling confident about
being in this right now it was just
broken down 30 minutes I do not want to
get stuck on this whilst hanging from
the sky so excited oh yes I am very
happy I hope it's not the right size
never did next day delivery in four days
worth the way okay absolutely gorgeous
walking around looking at this
environment or like wow me I'm walking
along my laptop uploading a vlog the
Hustle is real not to run him just yet
Pringles yeah
good show good show what of a hydration
yeah get in there
prawns or with a dip
no biscuits yeah yep
Apple to keep it healthy Parma ham yep
and then because I'm random Butler
Nando's hot sauce why objective complete
I might to get the vlog uploaded it's
processing as we speak and the England
game has literally just started so I'm
going back to the chalet and we're
watching the game I hope we win because
nearly every sport in thing I attend we
lose you know optic for example every
time I don't go to an event they win I
went to the event they lost kind of a
bit of a bad moment to be honest II we
go there boys oh wow
there is definitely a few people here
look how busy it is out here and then
look empty in here and you can just
watch on the big screen that's a wait oh
the
just went a leery quiet that's not good
Belgium obscured and I've never watched
a football game and we would never I'm a
curse and swear I'm a curse
I don't watch football all that often
but I'm not that impressed with this
like one mill down that sucks
look I have food sausages steak
yeah I don't understand why I'm trying
to cook a barbecued two together steak
with a plastic knife
however these sausages they're got
they're not too disappointed people but
I don't care I've got my sausages I'm
okay I feel kind of torn right now as to
what to do and I think we're all in the
same boat aren't we
grams traveling here now it's gonna take
an hour but we're all are you tired
everyone's just tired wants to go to bed
but Graeme's you can join you know we're
all just tired and want to go to bed and
don't even think about anything but if I
was grave when I was coming all the way
from the airport to join in a lot
holiday biking and we were all asleep I
think I'll be I'll be relevant set I'm
told I'm really told I am well
regretting eating that hot dog today
Britta's pulled up how they make hot
dogs that's what I put in my mouth today
oh my god this is in oh that first my
lovely face where's Kendra we need a get
outta here good good to see you brother
not gonna lie we were all gonna go to
bed
I was his friend I ready for him in
everything thanks for coming
it was just in America came back like
one day now he's out in France with us
legend so you know I like the past few
days has been none of that outros
library that pops up and it's got like
my video my subscribe button like you
know the city original notes on the side
well I had that and I was like happy
usually I'd you know like throwback
music on it and everyone was loving it
well I left that file on my computer
back home and I forgot to download it
onto my laptop so I've had no outro end
slate which has been it's been sad cuz I
absolutely love it and everyone seems to
enjoy it as well
however this guy tweeted me this video
and I was like oh my god you're a wizard
randomly went out of his way to make me
an animated
outro slide that is just super super
awesome and again it's just a example of
how amazing this community is because I
didn't go out saying hey guys I need
someone to make this for me or can
someone please do it I just randomly
whip something up with Evan a cab put
some music on it throw in the end my
video and this guy was like you know
what I can do better than that so to you
James thank you
which for the new outro that I'm gonna
be using for the foreseeable future if I
ever need to change you up the guy was
like I can happily change anything I'll
do anything you need is incredibly
talented if you guys want to go check
him out I'll put his Twitter down below
I believe it does a lot of like
commission based work for people if you
need any like sort of animated out roles
for like your videos your Twitter yours
whatever and I could definitely say it
did an incredible job with this I don't
know how he did it I don't know why you
did it but I have to say once again
James thank you so much the end of my
videos now look absolutely delicious and
it's thanks to you so much stuck to your
face I appreciate you but without
further ado you guys enough to end
today's vlog yes or thank you very much
for watching I'm sorry that today wasn't
a mountain biking day I'm actually sure
some of you are like thank God for that
don't mountain-biking I'm just seeing
this guy constantly rolling down hills
but I'm really improving on my mountain
biking I'm glad that I'm out here like
you know perfecting the craft but I just
need to get on it more but honest to god
I can't express how saw my body is I
don't think I've ever been in so much
pain like all over mean it's that's not
just from falling off the bikes 24/7
which you know I consistently like to do
I was the most random thing I've ever
seen I was like just doing a little vlog
you outro things up there and I saw it
fly by the window it's one of those big
mountain biking the amount of pomp that
your arms get from riding and your
entire body is just getting shaking the
entire time for like hours and hours and
hours a day by the end of like the third
day you're just like I don't want to
move everything hurts I don't want to
get in an ice bath so I intend on going
getting changed now getting this vlog
rendered and loaded and heading over to
a lake which is basically an ice bath
and diving the hell in it so till
tomorrow you'll see that then much love
to your faces leave a like grey and
subscribe if you haven't made a YouTube
account create YouTube account click
Subscribe turn them notifications and
you'll hopefully never miss a video from
a face and I will maybe see you tomorrow
at 6 p.m. ish internet here is not
stable enough to say 6 p.m. so I was
always I love your faces
and I said yes but pause that thought a
message James saying hey dude I said the
finger wait so that is PC to potato more
than anything the file that he's gonna
send me for the animation for the outro
is 4 gig so it's like that's not I was
like please still send it over and I
said I'll wait for him but he said that
is probably best to render out the video
because he doesn't know how long it's
gonna take
so if
this video doesn't have an out Ronnie it
will hopefully have one tomorrow
sweet sweet sweet James I'm sorry a
common feature in today's walk I'm sorry
that I have to open this vlog in and it
did get to show it for Mabel's in
tomorrow's vlog so until then bye bye
