I have to record this because I've just
finished doing my km strike I did the
video today talking about how the
fucking dog pissed in my room look
they're trying I've come upstairs
I can smell shit I can smell shit where
is it there's going to be a turd it
stinks in this room it stinks in this
room where is this dog Don this shit
this dog of shit in my room there's a
shit in this room there's a shit
somewhere in this house where is it
where is this there's a dog shit
somewhere in this room it's not in here
it's not in his room the dog shit in my
room somewhere you mother fucking knob
no fucking way
look at the size of this shit fuck this
fucking dog is a terrorist you fucking
shit you absolute shit where are you you
fuck you god damn fuck look at you yeah
you know you're doing something wrong no
he'll shit fucking nah burn that fucking
terrorist dog it's took her I knew I
could smell my fucking desk fuck what
does look at the side I'll give you a
scale look at the size of this shit what
the fuck is going on
