oh boy it's a suburb it's currently 228
in the morning I finally got my vlog up
I'm absolutely exhausted and in about
mm-hmm
four hours I'm leaving to go to France I
finally got my bag packed I'm tired I'll
deal with it in the morning I need some
sleep
right okay yep good side dawn of yours
next up France phone wallet passport
we're ready I think we're ready
tom is never ever fallen on a baby boy
show time we've made it to not Terminal
three everyone keeps saying to me Tom's
you've not been saying terminal through
V again it's a terminal one he cranks Oh
get all these tourists with their
backpacks there's no suitcases at what
the hell on earth is she carrying those
bags look really heavy Tom thanks for
biting out the fact that I don't have to
carry one gum gum gum gum gum gum gum
we're definitely in the right location
biker boys this is why you probably
don't fly because oh my gosh this is the
business you ever seen the security my
wife well done you got free security for
your first ever time without getting
stopped Ken on the other hand he's gonna
be effect ages I love a Starbucks right
now but that cue is way too big coming
for what's the boys because I was
getting some cash out I think I'm gonna
find them at the bar we think but he's
in a new square ones they've got nice
fish I don't know if I could pull these
one off nicer nicer new guy that went
for it I've never had a pair like this
but I decided I'm gonna try a different
style new year new me I'm saying this
right now you can't make me mad that
I've got the exact same helmet bag so
when the security came through I went
together it was like dinosaurs anyway he
went no jaws so I took the bag and
walked away turns out the reason why my
dad actually got stopped is because it
was my bag and they scan my bag instead
of July the frame at the bottom the
frame yeah nice tiling it anyone the
thing is you could probably pull them
off for that has got my name
yes I want to see you doodle appointee
where is nothing but them I think they
forgot to take my egg out the plastic
wrapper it was in yeah expectation
reality
who the hell's pegs me hot so I think
this is a I think this is the thing a
stranger's to mats of it water
Oh first barely holiday mine anyway
Cheers
to help to happiness to a successful
rides sending it busting loose it's five
o'clock somewhere
I will walk home doubt if that's gonna
come with us permission to bring by a
selfie stick with us he literally looks
like he's walking around with a
chihuahua and he's but his bag oh it's
your first time flying now does that
make you feel
round two how many of you I think you
know if you drink too much they won't
let you on the plane just the record I
did joke about was missing the flight
but I looked at the looked at the gate
about the board and it says flight
closing so we've now got a walk ten
gates in the hopes that we're not gonna
miss it and I have no idea where ken is
so whoops hello
ami we thought we were gonna miss you
we've not even more D boarded yet we did
actually run to the game because it's
that gate closing but as you can tell
this gate is closed but we're still in
it so we got a long-ass time to wait
does it look like a small child honestly
I hate flying
I used to cry so much for me is
pressurized but don't as soon as your
ears start fresh rising from a pro do
not pop no don't pop and straight away
wait until the last minute
I'll make sounds only get on us later
easy get on will get excited yeah are
you excited
ah can you believe believe in this
weather the I beautiful in it it's 28
degrees in Manchester right now I can't
believe every time it's nice and warm
here I leave to another country stop
complaining about the age see what's
going through your head
trust me it's got laughs do you feel
like you just get on like a bus or
something yeah you know fine Emirates me
take it yeah there was a life and often
attract myself
we also get vocational do we have to fly
there in our reality how much like well
intrigue is there what your first
experience is like bring Billboard and I
realize we're buying cause more like
acceleration at mom
well nobody's like 200 people in this
life yeah obviously it's a big local
mountain that was a good reaction I
didn't know how you'd feel about it
right surreal feeling it in
look cuz we like proud fathers come so
far 28 years it's led to this which is
basically it's that next to two big
fires in a plate I love being in the
middle be the way you play the publisher
that is where we go there
no I don't know what you mean please
explain every time I've got a plate you
get like a like a whiskey or whatever to
drink I've always I've poured the whole
thing in which fills up pretty much the
whole glass and then drank it and this
is actually a double shot it's not a
single so no wonder I've been getting
absolutely plate instead of Plainfield
last six years of traveling I thought
that was born shop this is the saintly
quick fly only an hour and a half and
probably got about 45 minutes left to go
few troops get there to our transfer to
get us to where we need to go so that's
gonna take a minute wants us out of the
way I gotta say this right now at the
back of the plane
I like swetha came out the toilet books
into one person fly over on a trip to
going seen the Hat run or hide run
collider no one's like the smash that
hands into each other by like Superdome
turns out it's a massive school trip
over on the plane and just had a big
photo shoot of all the I think it's bad
where we bump into fathers security
inside the shops at the airport and the
bar on a plane best audience ever tell
me that it's not good promotion at
35,000 feet what's about no one cares
what's that about uh subscribe tough
mushy you do tell him that partners just
subscribe to live after like what what's
your son's name again
now I'm taking photos I'm just building
it without you in this video quick DJ
wall it's tape shared native project 18
project and if you want to be on my
youtube channel you will be hello a lot
of people who watch bug always comment
saying they've never flown before so
it's like we're experiencing it so what
does it feel like when you going down
Sheree is pressurizing someone sweet
excusing your head yeah it's like it's
like someone's like putting a plunger in
your ears in it so I when you go up you
pressurize and then when you coming back
down
it's like you depressurize in so your
advice and the tip of the trick is like
swallow swallow spit but more
importantly if you just ignore it for
longest time just ignore it and then
blow your nose at the yet rid of it
won't like right now I really want to
get rid of it but we're not even low
enough yet so I'm just gonna keep
drinking that's it aus Bob do you feel
better now this is so much better in it
yeah
are you excited yeah did you feel
different but for a cloud yeah it's
different breaking any wow all right
okay by the way I need to apologize my
lines of friends we landed in
Switzerland instead then we get the
transfer to funds as we were driving or
a drive across the border from it yes as
you say New Zealand yeah absolutely
a waste of space my dad first of all
this guy's a legend but my dad took
behalf
place your bets now is you're gonna nail
it or fail it all right pretty good
waste of space thanks Ken appreciate you
waste everyone's time this is where they
now collect the bike bags which is a win
however I had to check my bag so I'm now
waiting for mine to come out I guarantee
they lost it
Hey what are you doing you tried to do
like a an expression but I don't think
it worked
calm down Tom hello
get it 3 2 1 go oh we're playing Airport
ball Wow Tony so close so close to the
objective just a record I got it right
next to it
Ken's stepping up to the plate for a
game of airport balls always nailed it
oh oh oh that's a whip close Tom
stepping up to the plate Airport balls
Willie make it happen and can he beat
too much speed way too much speed what I
like - its wizard oh-oh-oh-oh stepping
up to the plate we now have Jezza for
airport balls Oh smooth smooth too fast
way too fast
wait wait for it no no no yes Jerry oh
oh oh that's pretty close this game I
tried this the first time I got that
close
Jerry's still humble that's pretty good
boys we've made it to France excited oh
sorry yeah for the third time welcome to
Switzer France France Island oh what a
better name front salon I like that we
have like a a big bun can we picking us
up but we don't know what it looks like
we don't know the license plate we don't
know the name of the driver we just know
that we need to get in a van which is
what I saw each other so we never take
this vehicle to put our stuff in here
and travel two hours up into the Alps
we're gonna cross from Switzerland
France it's show any ID is it like there
like a defining line on the florist and
I can go there it is and now we've made
it to France welcome it looks absolutely
no different but we made it
oh my god it does look different geesh
yeah totally fell asleep for about 45
minutes studying views it just feels
fake feels like something out like a
train set that you'd build on and the
movies oh my gosh it looks like the
Grinch's hill that's where we're gonna
be drinking it's not actually casino
it's just poped Casino boys if the
streets of Bollywood polluted looking at
trust me
this right here right now is not yes you
okay there's a lot of porn in this area
but for me guys welcome to the life of
dumb hotel room so we go so I've got
this room to myself not sharing it with
anyone I usually do share with other
people but somebody like edited and
stuff like that and start the day light
like I want to sleep they want to save
don't serve anyone so welcome I get a
choice that either this bed oh this bed
can't wait I'm gonna go for the bottom
boom too soon that right now I probably
should go for the top one put all my
shit on the box layout got shower Dada
I have
his wardrobe I have a wardrobe tada
I do thank you thank you but more portly
check this out get to wake up every
morning I'm just feel French there he
goes in the bathroom you fill it up with
cold water put the Bears in it saw it oh
I don't have an axillary cable Wow
straight past Tommy's face I don't care
about the memo you know the whole point
of your life you key in the door I did a
dad I said a fate is about to come
through that window she's gonna come
through the door
I literally just called the city's gonna
come through them do no rest for the
damn wicked go on Jerry what he's our
own little private bar we've got min
well like the private it's a public bar
but it's pretty awesome
I'm a walk down now and try and see if I
can find a bike shop get myself some new
blue shorts a tops and gloves some
goggles maybe new helmet la it's
beautiful out here
well there's absolutely gorgeous even
though it's kind of cloudy absolutely
stunning it's not actually supposed to
rain once we're out here so I hope it
stays like that meat shop and look at
that it got cheese in a glass wall
placement wait a minute
evike hell yeah this random walk
adventure I've just gotten on my own may
have been the best decision of my entire
trip let's hope I don't lose my credit
card
cuz that'd suck all right got the
details seen the bike woman this days
where we do seriously big rides and when
I say seriously big rides I mean like
you're just absolutely exhausted from
just like dragging it around all day
summer plan of action is that rather
than being exhausted I rent an electric
bike and I'm just you ready to rock and
roll it's time to do some fashion
shopping Oh gorgeous
Oh
love not inviting you can be so good
done fashionable I love it you can even
really stand out or really blend in and
I'm a kind of biker like to blend it
nothing's really jumping out with me
because like I want like these lenses
both on a black frame and the color
combination is just too weird
okay good first shot part I managed to
get myself some shots that what is some
footage of shots for like padding so
it's like your ass doesn't feel like
it's been absolute pounded for like five
days and then I got myself some new
gloves this helmet over here is
absolutely gorgeous I don't know why I
tried to film it higher but basically
it's like one of those but fully carbon
absolutely stunning now I would totally
in a heartbeat go I love that I want to
buy it I'm taking it but then there is
the thing of the price of its 650 euros
which is open just a little bit
expensive not to even take into
consideration the fact that if you order
that online and bought it back in the UK
you could buy it for 400 pounds so
they've got a 200 year old mark upon it
which don't wrong we're in the middle of
the mountains so I can understand the
import cost for an extra 200 euro markup
oh that's a load of markup hmm no mrs.
Ross eunbong is it where's the where's
this young bonnet I like where'd it go
yep this is it oh it's so cheap it's
like 24 bottles of beer estimate polite
I've Quinn and it's actually really nice
bit at Sony's done oh I was gonna say
Tony's on beer filling duty but you're
chilling out doing
whoa well this is this is what we do
built the buffed up we call water put
some beers in it so for the nighttime
when the bars close we can drink those
and I'm feeling a bit better about my
outfit now got me dirty shoes which I
probably should wash but they'll be
dirty in like a second anyway I've got
new shots
new gloves goes with the Jersey and I've
got my under padded garment sort of
thing for riding so you know what feel
like I'm gonna be looking fresh odd for
best shoes of the holiday
hands down though to Thomasson that yeah
they do
I'll think you find you've just found
yourself first place but they are
gorgeous
they're not here I'd say he writes flat
so they're okay for it but they are
delicious you know I was complaining
about the price of that the helmet
sister Fabian ship they told me that you
can order it like you can Amazon out
there get it delivered so easy but it's
a four hundred quid seven quid literate
so 407 pounds rather than 650 jobs on
your door that's the word for the credit
card free ship baby let's get a drink in
my dad's credit card and if you look
left for traffic oh you'll see a ton
wheeling on by maybe because you stood
out in front of him you crank to
successfully making it the bikes finally
being assembled and to an awesome week
in France cheer lunch cheers dad vice
kitchen team by cabin boys the sat on
the street with a very dad yes with the
lust probably now five minutes of
sorties hey look at it literally got Sun
it is about to go straight over the edge
and when it does we're done there it
goes ladies and gentlemen that was I
wasn't sure to the Sun God that is it I
could actually probably run up the road
in chase it's not going yet I probably
got about two more feet before it
actually goes behind that mountain but
the Sun is nearly gone fronts day 1 was
a success
my bike still not arrived but I did get
that helmet ordered so if that helmet
comes white as it should do tomorrow
I'll give a brand new fresh helmet
carbon fiber lighters pool will be set
can't wait much love and a sari or Sun
the sun's gone down and it's just gone
so calls so quick so let me go and get
my shelf my hoodie see what I saying
about this then don't design right fully
custom-made and everything you like it
I wonder where his bike when look at
this vivillon look at this environment I
mean it's absolutely beautiful I think
I've started a trend this is definitely
gonna be a tattoo trick I'm telling you
babe I could buy rod in 12 minutes
okay okay I'll click record this time so
they still made by made by Norman you
should go see Jen and get that tattooed
on your like not that big yeah I'm good
thanks Oh what an actual earth business
now this is a union we have no idea who
this is they've just pulled up in front
of others asking for a cigarette or
something
got a full on dashboard or fear like
sat-nav built into the screens and
there's two pooches in the back what on
earth look out Epis Atlas latest thing
sling he does it that's amazing
ah I learned it one day think of in a
moment you having a moment just believe
in Gerry out with it just Gerry not to
get get involved yes stay that Gerry yes
yes yes yes yes yes that's how it's done
my friend yes I need an electric skewer
Asia
you just had a monumental hog and they
didn't realize these glasses run his
pocket and he broken oh Ken
Gerry does it sound awfully quiet to you
it's peaceful in the muck in the French
hey Tom Soni have you seen that Maui
it's just peaceful and relaxing and
enjoyable for just at least five minutes
nice OD by knowing would you get that
from
all right well that took long enough I
wonder where Ken could be her this is
day one wait you shared a room with him
why do you think that's a river will I
do it
these methods of my madness okay I don't
think Tom Watson saw that do I show him
it's gonna bag that right other than
that you played the player okay
I thought I didn't I thought you drunk
enough to fall for that trick coming
tomorrow tomorrow
stop everything here is just beautiful
oh I can see what it is for me now yeah
literally from the side literally didn't
have a clue what that was but then from
here it's a skill it's a skier tucked in
just look at it Oh God
oh my god oh wait what Oh laughs Lenny
would you just look at that view at this
point right now we're just walking
around looking for food and drinks and
this seems to be like the only place
that's open
it's called Oh chalet yo I could eat a
CREP right now we come to viola crap
all right 16 hours later I finally got
me chicken burger that was my entire
opinion about this burger literally took
the words out of your mouth one word to
describe Ken right now one word ass one
word to describe them right now wine
good nonetheless I will say you were
legendary last time I saw you you tried
to steal french guys how it works at the
restaurant that was it so how many hours
later no way he's made it how many hours
late is this 15 hours did you stop just
a little bit yeah it's like a high
school reunion where did you get that as
well
very nice the light film I do it Chris
has arrived so we've made it to the
hakka bar what's he doing get your ass
inside I've got my tie the way kids on a
big a big big Mohito where's Chris I
ordered my own cocktail
as I said it's great the exact order the
cocktail and this is what he got Chris
this is your victory forget we liked it
dreamy Chris Chris Chris is our fate I'm
gonna come come what's going on Oh is
there hey okay now can you final speech
of the night can the final words okay
what if I spray to get less whoa Ken's
going home so it's like a fluffing at
night now and I'm like raised to go to
bed cuz we've been up all day like you
saw what time I went to bed like three o
clock in the morning three obviously
slept half an hour on the plane but now
it's like oh now we're gonna go to look
crap ooh that's open till 1:30 in the
morning huh preciate you
Tony appreciate you punch a stag I
appreciate you okay bye now I feel like
I'm letting the squad down right now
I really do might a summer but like
three hours sleep I killed me building
yeah alright I'm gonna end today's vlog
in the middle of front thank you for
joining me on this crazy journey to get
to this point I hope you enjoyed it if
you did make sure you leave a like crane
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day vlog
and if it's late I was drunk I was
hungover and the internet was terrible
so until then much love I appreciate you
guys and I see you tomorrow for the next
era vlog sad yes
