six o'clock in the morning and what's
the one thing I find um cool atmosphere
in the UK but it's flying over clouds
coming in and my sisters drunks you just
gonna go ahead and go yep that's where
it belongs
you may think I'm starting today's vlog
in the morning fresh and ready to go
would you maybe be mistaken I want you
to guess what time I'm sorry miss day
you know we went out last night we got
in at like 6:00 a.m. what time did we
possibly start the day if you get why
would you do that I was terrifying yeah
I'm starting the don't 7 p.m. hmm
oh you actually destroyed the cake and
then what did you do when you ripped it
off you put it your mouth I'm just gonna
roll the clip I always did you see a cap
oh can you say Oh birthday cakes
yesterday so how are you feeling there
today I'm all right now me soon as
though it is 7 p.m. I actually feel
pretty good
apparently my mom on the way home fell
out the car I fell in the car and she
smacked her head and cut her head open
as far as I'm aware she is okay so today
I'm finished
cow playing cricket I missed the England
game which they won I think six nil
which is crazy robably most importantly
I've missed an entire day of this
beautiful weather you know what what I
definitely needed that rest too now is
I'm gonna get that vlog edited uploaded
get Nando's and drop it off mate and
what's my reaction of me opening it
you did good kids yes you did good
goobers bub you did good kid let's see
you Nate you can't see anything oh yes
one farewell alveta saying oh alright
then you two are so alike cuz you did
that in yesterday's walk odder Nando's
I'll pick it up sweep time to actually
make something of this day time to get
the I'm saying this now I know that was
like an hour yesterday as long as an
hour late boy y'all happy it makes me
knowing that now if the vlog is late
it's like oh I'm ever led by like 10
minutes cuz he's only just finished
rendering usually it would take me two
hours to upload it but now
takes like 30 seconds it's great right
all right all right ladies and gentlemen
let's rock at goddamn roll
absolutely
I
now to the motherf King yes
tongue
so
I don't think I've actually eaten all
day after a day of drinking that's not
exactly a good thing
let's go find some food
do they give it a bunch I will take a
full spot for a bike thank you I'm gonna
be that guy I don't think this place has
parking for what bike so this will do
ooh be okay done there's a leak original
hat surviving sort of bikers trapper hat
to the back of his bike once and I was
like that is absolutely genius because I
always get helmet hair like really bad
so get a hat whip it on nothing to worry
about that bike is just a beast
it's like nearly half-past like 9:00 at
night and it's still daytime
got the Nando's in the bug get myself a
free cheeky water to stay hydrated
because as you can most likely tell kind
of struggling will let's jump on this
bad boy look at that tire tread at the
back oh my god I've never even noticed
that is gorgeous
let's head on to Alice's let's feast and
enjoy some Nando's
well she's a beauty
can't wait to ride alone please
this is about to suck ass box I've
either one of these couples to light
three minutes
it's just a beautiful beautiful boat
like don't confirm these colleges
this would be the last time I ever pull
in to Alice and Carl's house because
it's sold they've done it they've got
rid of it it's gone
and those delivery so the bitch these
gloves are the worst things in the world
major protection but the liner comes out
all the time I legit just think of
Nando's oh my god someone's like you're
moving out or something honey I'm home
oh that need getting worse Cal I can't
believe this is the last time we're
gonna be up here you first I was in it
have you done you like goodbye final
meal in it yeah and everything daddy
oh my green cow I've got sherry why she
kid dies in it blue or chicken mine and
Cal's banquet and you've dropped on the
floor what the actual tits
Alice oh my god it definitely looks
better in a restaurant because like look
at that made these chips always that
time of the day we have to re-watch last
night
the best bet against ever Brad did it
feel like it did it feel like a
five-minute blog it's crazy then it's
actually so god damn funny throughout
did you feel you've been violated
what was your favorite mode oh that was
lucky community
uh no let's just use actually strangling
me what's your favorite thing about been
living there at nighttime I was gonna
say when it's just chilled but the day
that helicopter currently fly you do
live in a beautiful place like to say
this has been your first ever home ok
yeah 10 hours I guess we're good to say
no because it's gone 10 houses has been
as you can tell there's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 10 houses Oh like like this is just
disappearing
goodbye no jerking he's gonna like his
new home oh you've got so much freedom
here I hope you like it you can come to
my house whenever you won I've loved
this house it does feel like a true home
and I can't wait to see seriously like
my house I love my house to pieces I
really do but it never really feels like
a home my bedroom does cause it's just
cozy and comfy but the rest of the house
it just doesn't get used so it never
feels like a home whereas this
like a home and I love coming here Kyle
keeps the content coming we can you get
you know a cigarette by the balls on
your fellow morning but I'm so good I
missed this game today
Oh oh my god the speed Oh
so if I were um over I definitely would
have been watching this game but
unfortunately calied cricket today which
he wore which was great but I tweeted it
and everything did I like I tweeted when
I was in LA the one thing I want to do
when I come back to England I the one
thing I really want to do he spend a day
with cow and and watch England play like
I never watch football and I've been to
city games with him but I just want to
watch England play without and if we
would have watched this game together oh
this would have been the most intense
game he wasn't sick one this would have
been the most legendary game for us to
watch so sad oh you haven't I'm back
you'll be in the new house Oh Alice
Alice wants someone to make like a
montage of Alice's for him funniest
moments yesterday she's dying walking
her self
just breathe oh what a beautiful ride
home I'll tell you what when the
weather's good
I'm definitely getting out of this bike
more it really wouldn't be a birthday
card off my dad unless he I just a
smiley face in it love you buddy
just like that it is done I edited the
vlog it's 1:30 in the morning right now
I'm extremely tired and I'm leaving to
go to France in like four hours but I
wanted to make sure I got the vogue at
it it uploaded for you guys and I
thought I'd do a little bit different
you know like with the the
picture-in-picture of reacted and stuff
like that so I tried to do a little bit
different things with the vlog edit in
South Island I kind of liked it to you
and I said hope you guys liked it as
well and if you enjoyed it then you know
let me know in the comments leave a like
rating and I'll try to step up the sort
of editing game right when I'm traveling
and I've got you know like loads to do
that I can't really spend too much time
on the Edit it's just a pure like
natural vlog but when I'm home back here
like it it's super quick for me to
render the video it's super quick for me
for me to upload it so trying to just
throw things into like spice it up it's
like a fun little challenge to me so
hope you guys like it
uno dos tres in the morning guys so I'm
gonna end today's vlog here honestly
thank you so much for all the birthday
messages on like the past two video is
absolutely filled with thousands of
comments and thousands of tweets of
people just say you know
happy birthday wish me all the best no
I'm I just can't thank you enough so
guys thank you very much for all your
love thank you for all your support if
you are new around there and you want to
subscribe then click that subscribe
button you haven't even got a youtube
account create YouTube account sign in
sign up click the subscribe button it'll
turn into a word sing subscribed then
once that happens make sure you click
the little bell next to subscribe button
image you'll get all the notifications
whenever I post a new video and I'll
hopefully see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next day look now I'm gonna
throw this out right now I will be going
to front and I am gonna be staying in a
shower out there now I have no idea what
the internet speeds like at the shall
light though I'm gonna try to get the
videos uploaded overnight while some
staying there hopefully it works we've
got no problems I'm pretty sure I won't
have any phone signal up there so you
know that's how that's how tough it's
gonna be I'm gonna try my best to get
the vlogs uploaded I hope you guys
understand if they are extremely late
then you know I did really try and
there's gonna be a lot of mountain
biking so all you people who have seen
the GoPro in action you're gonna see it
actually I may be trying to do some
whitewater rafting maybe some
paragliding stuff all that it's just
gonna be absolutely awesome so I'll see
you guys tomorrow for the next vlog make
sure you follow me on Twitter
Pro syndicate on Instagram Pat syndicate
and until that much love and Asadi us
