I'm gonna try and get the daily blog out
real quick I'm in the airport right now
pretty tired I slept on the plane I did
was it up falling off I actually it was
a supporting our total journey I got
some time but she left in no way of
charging it yeah I left my life battery
charger pack oh that's all plug in the
wall on if I find the socket that I can
charge your book
yeah I'm just walking to my gate now see
what yeah pretty pretty pretty tired or
same time excited a flight at 5 o'clock
I was stuck in a secure that took a long
time if anything I brought lucozade
through the country to give to Caitlyn
and I thought I could take all the way
through so I went from the security and
I bye but security free zone of just
like no Caitlyn she was like you keep
drinking now are you convinced
well I've just been drinking said
there's no way I can I can finish him
home lucozade or two
let alone two big bottles yeah so I had
to Isilon throw away sadly I know should
have drank them I should have stayed
proud like an American but yeah that's
the kid get the shot now because I suede
so at least try and get a shot of log is
that like a 20 minute one I was travel
over I'll try to do it daily if I do
upload it today and it is actually daily
because I'll be in the u.s. for me but
it won't be daily for you guys I don't
think so I'm gonna try and get this
video uploaded and try to find where
gate c1 is because right now I can't
find it I don't know I see one it's
brought in every guys thanks watching
I'll let you know when I get to Caitlin
I'll do a vlog with her and oh yeah so
you guys there that trains are planed by
