how could you expect to take over the
world if you gotta make your bed in the
morning ladies each other when it's time
for some word domination and by that
we're going for breakfast mm-hmm today
we're rocking the long-sleeve coat of
arms you better know and for breakfast I
mean lunch because it's currently tupaea
it's 2:00 p.m. on the dot right now I
want to say I'm not too sure how this
panned out we waited up this late ball I
was up to about half past three in the
morning last night getting my vlog
edited I liked I got my entire band saw
my power looks like new and then I went
to bed and woke up at like 10 o'clock in
the morning so you know what I've got no
one else to blame but myself also that's
how I spike my hair up I use this bad
boy stuff to just gel it up with and
then this to like cement it this this
right here worth its weight a golden
powder you know what I'm saying this
right now I am so surprised so many
people seem to like yesterday's video it
was just that it was just a day of me
going around on a skewer an adventure
and people in the comments just seemed
to absolutely love it like look at this
coming I swear your happiness is so
contagious I love it if someone can
explain why I decided to come outside in
a long-sleeve black t-shirt even though
it's quite thin on a sunny day that
would be great so I've definitely missed
breakfast today so we're gonna go for
lunch and because I just love LA and I
love ramen
there's a spot I've drove past like
probably 50 times in my life and every
time I've gone past it I'm like hmm I
should eat there but then never get
around to it and can you take a guess of
how we're gonna get there if you said
uber you are correctly wrong oh this is
one of the new ones it's got a back
brake on the back of it it's got a stop
button and a go button this is well new
tech I've just rented it and tried to
get it working it doesn't work so cancel
this one and then go get one over there
friend I've never seen this before
star wars space punch that just seems
like a terrible idea
no I am like him look at this one the
holy crap
mango loco I like that I said I'm going
for ramen but I picked up a bag of these
at the store because they're basically
just pork scratchings and absolutely
terrible fever oh my god her so go this
way we're going
Japanese Robin we won't be able to
adjust the spice and this one's ordered
this this this I'm pretty sure in the
last one the guy's spitting blood my
guys just said my food Ohio though god
damn blowtorch so I got the original
ramen regular broth look at the size of
it if there's a flavor taste
Wow wow that is really good really
garlicky like look how much garlic
Center or massive cluster of garlic's
it's nice but it's got a kick to it like
a serious case of the noodles quite a
bit
quite hard quite chilly let's try the
pork oh good I'm done I am so so okay
for flavor the broth was definitely like
9 the noodles were about a 6 hmm all the
random vegetables and stuff thrown in it
you know what I'm gonna give that spot a
7 out of 10
I'm just randomly adventuring again I've
got like till tonight before I go out
with a homies and all that but uh we're
just gonna find out what's down there a
little bit cuz I've never been down
there in their life before there may be
some shop they're gonna check it out and
then I think I may be going down to
three BD because there's a bit of last
chance I get to see everyone so I'm
gonna go say hello goodbye and leave why
am I out on this scooter again with no
Sun cream on like I'm gonna get even
more burnt like not even a fake my neck
is also red and I didn't put a single
drop of Sun cream on Wow I found a
public swimming pool oh my gosh I used
to be signed up to a gym out here where
it was like an indoor pool it's right
next to Treyarch but all my lord I would
look wait what
chef White Hills RC does that mean
recreational camp or somewhere day comes
ages three to fit okay this is not a
public pool this is a this is a camp
oops I turn up in my speedos like hey
man come to swim they were just like
we're ringing the police get the hell
out of it oh yeah yeah archery range
let's go to investigate I do not feel
like I'm in California right now this is
absolutely gorgeous seen an archery
taking place but I definitely found
where all the people come racing it I
found where the film family get well
film animate Family Guy
random adventures are the best like I
was gonna head down to the tree PD
offices but first to head there now I'll
be stuck in a car for an hour but I'll
just skew around wait for the traffic to
die down and then me or whatever
ailments lay yourself that's my plan and
yet again I find myself stopping in a
neighborhood to ask myself the question
w.t.f I saw that cool statue but I raise
you one even better defender assemble oh
yeah alright I made it to West fields I
don't know why I'm here
or what I'm doing but I don't get kicked
out
the school trying to even get a coffee I
know but first bitch
it's mouse keys so damn beautiful
ahahaha what on earth these guys
cuneiform k'kaw I don't even know what
that is
alright I'm trying to use my brain Kim
kardashian-west maybe is she doing like
a pop-up shop or a meet and greet is
Amara but either way I'm his on books
yeah yeah you can kind of tell it's been
500 million dollars doing his mall up
glad you look at it it's just so
beautiful everything about it's just so
fun zoom so LA and hipster yeah you know
it's not like little tussle was like a
dress Oh sick oh there you go that sign
I'm in Beverly Hills let's explore the
rich area Oh
watching him equity world headquarters I
got to ask what on earth is that
business let's keep on almost confident
in saying that that's the police
headquarters of the LAPD could be wrong
probably am I literally had to stop my
adventure leave the bird over there just
to take a photo of that how awesome is
that I feel like that's the crows that
were attacking my house just big-ass me
mother truckers hey alright so another
like bird update we're we've got a
situation on our hands so I was
infecting spot couples alone I want to
check my battery to see how much I have
left like keep going so I'm just gonna
ride it till it dies I looked on the up
and it says I'm not even renting it so
I'm a bit like what like I didn't cancel
it I didn't put it down to stop riding
it I didn't lock it I didn't do anything
I rented it it activated and then I went
but it won't show me how much battery
it's got it won't let me rerun it but
it's still going I'm just kind of
winging it I'm seeing absolutely no
other birds around here I've not drove
past any oh wait what the heck were
talking about where you going no quick
pull over stop yours and let me take
that one honestly I've been driving for
about 25 minutes and not seeing one pipe
so anywhere I've not seen anyone riding
them I'm the only person except then the
moment I start filming he's got one but
I'm worried now that when this runs out
of battery I'm just gonna be like in the
middle of goddamn nowhere this is super
unendurable growing up as a kid my dad
I'd like a double garage and in his
you had one car like he always used to
do it off all that sort of stuff and
this is it at tr6
oh my gosh this guy has put this in such
good condition my dad's was white it
didn't have the rack on the back and it
was his pride and joy it was his baby oh
my gosh that's good
I found one let's see how much Patrick's
car okay someone's currently renting
that one so I can't get it before I've
just found out a way to check my battery
on mine so like usually when you go to
click like rent and you just don't walk
it by scanning it and I can't do that or
when I do you click it it does show me
the percentage battery so I've got 31
percent left I think we can make it a
bit further I don't want to look at my
neck it's gonna be so much oh my god oh
my my next saw something in it I've been
riding like this trying to keep my neck
covered up from getting sunburned but
look I'm driving down a road like
they're just straight roads in America
let me go down the same road for about
an hour and the sooner has just been
cooking on me the entire way while
something going down that I can't I can
cover up my neck I need to find a shop
and buy a scarf or something cuz look
wait let me feel my neck oh dear
aah oh my god ok so just check the ride
up and if I go about 6 blocks this way
there's another one with 70% battery
let's go get it it should just be on the
corner down there it said it's around
here somewhere
I don't see it I don't spot wait I don't
worry it right so if you can't actually
find where it is right you can click on
the app click the picture of the one
you're looking for
it'll show you if someone took a photo
where they've left it and if not you can
make it make like a chime noise so it
starts like singing like I'm here so you
can locate it well I don't see it just
wandering down this road hope it what
dude watch me find it in a tree estimate
like a neighbor got pissed off with it
and throw it in a tree budget if that
was it wait is that actually it oh my
god that'd be so funny all right it's
definitely supposed to be on this road
and I can't find it but there's a
parking lot next door in there which is
like a private building
I think I'm good
we check you ready I'm a look so sketchy
can you see it
keep white key see any where is it is
your a scooter sideways angle view me
where is this scooter
god dammit this is the first time I've
seen it on the app but not found it in
person he wears that belongs to GG I
want one and secondly most important
links can't we pull one out for the
homies
I was about to film a clip saying oh
she's running slow it literally just
went for a moment of going oh I can't do
it and just started going really slow
it's dead
they're dead like really dead oh my god
John starting to think because on the
GPS it says these three over here and
they've got like 70 percent battery but
over there first of all I can't see him
a second I think he might be inside
people's houses charging and OH
always gone into lock mode run at the
park it up and putting somewhere safe on
the maps it says there's three there
dude this app is even majorly messing up
or I'm majorly failing right now so if
you look at that screenshot it shows
that there right there which can
obviously only mean that whoever lives
in this house must are taking them
inside to charge them but they didn't
turn off light I think is it like an
ability to like take it in put it on
charge and then set them to be an
uncharged to leave disappear off the GPS
but I think the person who lives in that
house is charging them he was charging
them stole them or you know just forgot
to turn off the GPS thing so good Jamie
that's four of them now that I've not
been able to get this is the one
downside of going to an area with no
birds but well there if they are in the
area so just keeps take them off don't
mind me just walking through the
neighborhood you really wouldn't think
California was in a drought would you
with all this green the rich people kind
of thought - what are that plants even
though I'm pretty sure they're not
allowed to know it sounds odd I'm pretty
sure there's like a fine I could be
really wrong here
pretty sure you get a fine for watering
your plants and your grass out here and
stuff but because they've got so much
money no that that mindset of they'll
just pay the finest to water the ponds
if moisture just got to a point where
this guy was like you know what
one
Oh can't be asked paying it to clumps I
can be a spanner you know what I'll just
cover it up they won't even notice it's
there Jane yes oh my god
is it a mirage is it real I've been
walking for at least four minutes
I look up oh it would actually break my
heart if I saw someone like walk out the
building get it and leave I'd be like
okay sounds like shaking a pop you know
what doesn't matter I got one that's a
word I no joke I've made it all the way
from my apartment to Beverly Hills West
Hollywood Hollywood LaBrea and now guess
where I am oh I forgot your gift idiot
I got your gift the scooter no I've
actually got your gift I'll have to try
and get it tomorrow before I leave
oh my come on come on come on show me
some love
come on show me some love come on show
me something okay boom she's like that
was a terrible idea
I'm I'm obsessed with it I'm absolutely
obsessed it I did 25 miles on it
yesterday
25 miles it cost me $60 I went
everywhere I'm so Sun Tan but I thought
you put batteries in it I've been even
creature it's a secret why I came to
Luke's house dad and I came falling back
so it's like Luke's like my atm
do you need to do an interest yeah we
chest of yoga your interest and I'll
play for the bay balls - might as well
this may be the last time I see you
gadget goodbye I know okay thanks
brother my shoes slowly pushing them
away this feels weird because Luke's
actually go into the Hollywood Bowl
tonight which is kind of like I think
he's gonna seem like an opera thing
tonight because I'm going meeting up
with everyone doing doing The
Incredibles 2 movie Luke was gonna come
with us but his sisters in that was his
sister his sisters in town so he's not
joining us we may meet up later for
drinks or whatever cuz this is like my
last night in town but what a good day
again it took me at all of like three
and a half hours to get from my
apartment to Luke's
obviously I didn't just
aim for Luke's otherwise I would've got
here in like probably half an hour an
hour but the adventure on the way worth
its weight in gold
all right about to try something that
I've actually never been income before
and I've got like two three hours before
me you know with everyone so now I've
got some cash I might go give it a go
I'm going to a London Center I don't
know if it's full because it's currently
mmm 6:15 so people may be out school
college and all inside their book I'm
willing to risk it
they have like streamers on the main
wall all the time
let's see you they have one on today so
so what if you got access to them is it
just a PC gaming are ya no hope G hope
she's good all right this is sick
so if I don't use all about three hours
I use like 10 minutes now I can come
back and I have two minutes two hours 50
sick we have a few of these in the UK
but this is I've known Vince on before
this is really sick this is pretty sick
like I paid $12 to sign up to it you get
three hours with that sign up and it's
usually $4 an hour so you basically get
your money's worth straight away from
making an account and if I don't use the
entire time of being here I can just
come back and do it again a different
time it looks really cheesy
all the system and everything in here
just seems to work fine apparently the
PCs are really fast it's it's only pcs
in this building there's no consoles but
you don't want let's get some pub gym
ago and I didn't log into my own account
I'm using the one that they get bike
they have on the computer already and
the name is I hate dota 2 screws also
say this right now
I really think I'd like to open up my
own version of this in the UK like what
in Manchester you know like where my
home is like my home is like I know
there's one in the chocolate Center but
it's really small ball I open one up in
the Manchester City Center like you know
get raised a sponsor and all the
companies and stuff I work with
sick I just lost my first gamerpoop G
this headset isn't absent pile of shit I
can't hear anything over I look at the
list of games battlefield one for
hardline Borderlands 2 black ops 2 nope
FG rainbow 6 rocket League smile ok
because how is the Republic but I wonder
how much money it would cost to open
this like to have high spec pcs
throughout the entire building here we
go
let's see how this is gonna go guys
raging so hard I've got a good time I
bought a van in for an hour and a half
the system wins the games not too bad
but when you just not used to like a PC
keyboard and mouse that isn't your own
it's a bit like so I didn't security did
we use I've caught an hour and a half
left my necks come back and logged out
pretty cool if you don't actually have a
gaming computer and you got have this
space or the ability to have one in your
house cuz you're just like annoying your
family by shouting and swearing and
stuff like that like Bob gaming this is
a good location to be however I would
definitely recommend bringing your own
heads their keyboard or Mouse I think
that's an ability it's got like USBs
here I'd definitely recommend that cuz
this like this is terrible like this
mouse has got side buttons only that I
kept clicking and I kept like closing
applications down and stuff on ourselves
would highly recommend bringing your own
stuff to a while
well that was fun apart from the two
annoying kids who the entire time I was
in there kept going hey guys Ilia here I
mean we'll just never end but what the
hell
Oh bird down I'm picking this thing up
I'm all about this bird community come
in it's all about looking after the
community they go bird I got you on the
way in the uber I was just like looking
at this address that one of the guys
were with tonight sent me and I was like
this is not right this just doesn't make
sense where we going
so I messaged talking I was like is this
where we go and he was like hell no you
had been the middle of absolutely
nowhere so look where I am but at the
mall that I was at earlier look this is
where we got in the AMC that was the
coffee bean I went and got a lot earlier
there is still people queuing up to go
to this pop-up store I have just spotted
a super fame
person super famous dude thank you so
much my friend got one of the new Ford
GTS I've got one yeah 80 was mentioning
that you've got one it's an amazing big
I don't wonder well yeah eyes from say I
love what you do can't see my friend all
the best what I sorry walked into the
Amazon shop and I was like I gotta say
hello I gotta tell him Jordan has a Ford
GT what a cool guy yeah look he's booked
I've just found Shane Dawson's no he
found him after all this organization I
finally found him and we've made it to a
pizza place daddy's home daddy's home
mum dad yeah a guy gives up great
addresses cheers bro appreciate that
wasn't gonna be lost in middle of
nowhere
hey man listen because you've I met Jay
Leno this way this works oh yeah I'm
willing to bet you five dollars five
dollars in a line that you can't take a
pizza in there I'm not hiding it though
I'm walking in with it like that so if I
walk in with this pizza in a box into
the cinema yes
five dollars yes
I think we're gonna get showered up you
got cured meat board oh why don't you
tell me I thought it was a pizza right I
thought it was a pizza place you should
use Italy simply it is a pizza place a
day leave what do you expect also you
just taught me something really cool so
in Farsi yeah this means nothing but
that means that yes seriously a prank oh
because we're trying to say that good
luck but that means nothing that means
that so that means nothing
why you like this very much no I'm just
nothing I just oh yeah this is my aspec
be like I'm an Indonesia all he said you
can walk in with it with it just in your
hand and they won't say any
No I'm walking in with it what do you
think is gonna happen
oh they'll be fine really what do you
think yeah 20:18 who isn't saying some
they do it's all like my name oh yeah
are you you're videotaping yeah okay
wait this was only stage one I'm with
this guy thank you hey I'm going stage
two guru stage two no way yes what no
wait it's another stage to wait like
you're five dollars no god damn it so I
already lost the bet shit hey Mike but
you really put your piece on the side oh
no that's okay I buy pizza I don't know
I got my back appreciate I don't know
why is the thing he's got what the
popcorn I thought that was bad cheese
coated popcorn
the losers better but not exactly a fun
note however I will still half of them
let's find out that it's 10:00 p.m. at
night how old are you 31
Mike the we're going seeing The
Incredibles - I got that on camera
I feel feel feel feel the other door
this is legit going down six grown
adults and a one-man child go and watch
The Incredibles to a 10 p.m. at night
he'll compete the burning ember be
cheery people say nothing is impossible
but I do nothing every day
really really really does it bring back
all your childhood memories it was so
good right now I think that has just
because certain things being so
predictable yeah like so predict yeah
yeah 9.5 it was really good super funny
very entertaining we would hug that died
oh right yeah played like a shop a bit
beforehand like a little cute like
little animation you try it out of ten
really eight what to fair
she's got fine it's exactly although he
gave it a 9.5
oh yeah so Nigel now misters always pay
their debts out of ten out of ten a nine
nine okay nine nine nine nine point five
nine point five ten okay get out of bed
okay babe you shit there's fell asleep I
was so good I'm tired I can't even call
them baby fare like what a bust
well guys I need to add this long
immediately okay because I'm flying off
to the UK today but rather than just
taking the normal like you could buy one
direct flight home I have to fly to
Seattle and then Seattle to Manchester
UK which in tolls like a three thirteen
hours worth of wine so it's gonna be a
long day I'm gonna looking forward to it
I'm so tired and I guarantee a little
sleep on the plane like I am so so so
tight but I have to once again to say a
massive amount of thank you and love and
support because I did not expect
everyone to love yesterday's vlog as
much as they did I know it might sound
really random but I was just riding
around on a scooter all day having an
absolute blast
look at my day and like there are
thousand people subscribed because they
were like this is a dope plug I like
this adventure there's like I did but I
did do a lot but I was just on my own
having fun doing my own thing and the
fact that people like I love this and
subscribed makes my day
so obviously thank you so much for that
but I've gotta go now guys I'm really
tired like I'm on a deadline it's 99 9
a.m. in Los Angeles right now and yes
this vlog books people by 10 a.m. but so
much but I was serious death like cuz I
can't this is flags if I miss this why
I've got no way of by a good overflight
hope so okay for me on instagram at
syndicate comment we're at pro syndicate
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
so if you're not subscribed click that
subscribe button tell you notifications
on I'll see you guys then for the next
day I blog much love and I said yes
