good morning to your faces it is an
absolutely gorgeous day in Los Angeles
not a single cloud in the sky I'm
absolutely free as a bird I've got no
plans whatsoever until like 10:00 p.m.
tonight so I've got like 10 hours to
kill to do whatever the hell I want and
you know that one thing is a skewer step
one of the day breakfast when for a
sausage basically a sausage egg McMuffin
but from starbucks is dead and i got
myself a lady I was fine just to sell my
my rooftop in my apartment all they
bought can't get food or drinks there so
when eat breakfast drink the drink and
then I'm gonna see if it is possible to
make it from my apartment to the beach
on one of those skewers I'm just really
hoping I don't go out of some sort of
range you're allowed to be in and more
importantly if I'll have enough battery
arriving because I finally actually got
some cash I can buy soap and detergent
to be able to wash my clothes with so
let's do some shopping oh and by the way
yes I'm gonna take it all back to my
apartment via the scooter this is what I
use okay
can't believe there was actually a craze
where people were eating tied pubs like
why that does not look like a tasty
candy if you have one you're an idiot
I'm tell you this right now this bag is
gonna snap hmm-hmm-hmm made it I've
currently got 84% battery on the skewer
which i think will get us to where we
need to go but I don't think they'll get
us back so we're gonna get from the
apartment to the beach and back and
we'll probably have to change skewers on
the way maybe the gruner's me and stuff
like that okay you know just saying this
right now being a grown-ass man
I definitely think I've overloaded this
washing machine because I've been
watching ninja I'm gonna play one game a
fortnight then we're going to the beach
turns done I've just messaged you boy
Evan a car under the wizard behind the
syndicate regional merge designs work on
getting me and n slate because right see
if you watch this video right it gets to
this I do like my little talk I'm like
thanks for watching much love goodbye
and then ends okay my applause my outro
that's what you used to it this is what
I was talking about an end slate so it's
got the ability people to click to
subscribe to the channel
you can click up to the previous life
vlogs and stuff like that and then it
can like you know link ups like
syndicate original my Instagram
it's wet or something like that so I've
asked Evan to wit me at one of these so
I can throw it on the end of the vlog I
used to have one back in the day but I
just was like got bored of like having
to put in previous vlog footage in store
for out but now they've got like a new
ability with like n slates and end cards
on YouTube then it kind of doesn't
follow you so you know what we're
bringing it back sat here with this
graph like check it out it goes
someone unsubscribe so every subscribe
really subscribe button subscribe
subscribe subscribe subscribe
I know not that one it's actually kind
of addicted to look at this graph all
day yesterday when like 800 people
subscribe to the channel I was like this
just stared at it like oh my gosh this
was amazing I do actually wish it pops
up with the names I think I can find a
list if I not here my recent subscriber
was cuz I'm pretty sure that is a page
that shows you who you're latest
subscriber was I just don't know where
to find it okay so most recent subscribe
is this is this legit
oh my god wait can actually message it
send miss it oh I didn't this was the
footage and I was just talking about
bought it doesn't seem like it's in real
time see this like show me one like
someone subscribed subscribe subscribed
in room
yes in real time boy this is this an AI
would delay with this which I don't like
that the denied our delight boy I can
actually message people yeah
Arion hurt nothing is Aaron thank you
for subscribing to the channel much love
love hot emoji yes I'm really hope I'm
really hoping that's not just the name
Aaron and I just called him a ram aaaa
Ron can I just send this then so send
working working done but I then up the
question of am I not gonna be able to do
this for any longer due to this same
private messaging create shooter is
ending so you won't be able to send a
receive why the way this skillet works
right is you can just go from A to B to
C D and every time you get someone you
get off it you just click the lock and
it charges your like say 5 p.m. minutes
and one I it's really really cheap so
however long you're sat there now I got
a notification being like your bill for
your ride is here but I didn't like
click cancel our end journey so I don't
remember I'm still got it or whether I'm
still paying for it or what so it's got
many best
oh and you may know is I have a backpack
that's so I can take supplies and not
get lost get into the beach boy I've got
my GoPro but are we ready for some
first-person school or action because
the whole like trying to film and scoot
at the same time it's not Conan yes okay
no one else is around let's get it most
GoPros are used for extreme sports
mine's used for this ride alright
alright let's go
I'm really hoping this comes out looking
pretty good oh my gosh I was actually a
big ass drop but I'm hoping this comes
out pretty good and because I'm not
going too fast the footage of the like
the sound of it shouldn't really be too
noisy no actually you've never been down
this road before your story it's
boyo every jump I see on the way let's
do this I don't know how much this costs
to replace I'm not after breaking it um
I have questions about this house
they're all good questions but um one
would be what the hell is going on and
why that that tree has Spade hanging out
of it okay okay
scooters got 86% battery which I reckon
is actually gonna be more than enough to
get us to where we need to go and you
know what I'm gonna try and do is I'm
gonna try and get to the beach without
using Google Maps hello fellow scooter
oh I tell you what should we do a
tactical decision let's check on my
phone to see if that has more battery
than this one okay so we're on 80% right
now Oh couldn't we see all the ones
awesome in the area damn it it doesn't
what I was thinking of doing is
cancelling this ride and then jumping on
that ride if it had like more battery
bought to rent it in the first place it
costs a dollar so I can't be a spent in
there at all
we'll just risk it these scooters
absolutely everyone son of a bitch
damnit okay I've now just discovered
that you can wheel spin this thing
you're like if you move it a little bit
get it get it go in can wheel spin this
buckle let's go this is kind of getting
crazy these things are everywhere
that would be so illegal but I would
love to take the skewer onto the LA
River and just scoot along that but yeah
pretty sure you can get like arrested
let's let's go ahead and do that some of
my OD viewers might start to remember
this area because from where right save
like this is a map of LA right this is
the coast and this is the ocean I used
to live here and now I live there
so you might like what I mean by that is
say here's the beach I used to live like
here well when I moved out of living we
took her I moved all the way over here
so I moved a bit more east now because
I'm a heading west it's literally a
straight line between where I live now
my old place and the beach so let's
let's go on let's swing by the old house
let's see what it looks like let's see
if they've done it up I'm calling it
right now I bet it has not changed in
the slightest they shouldn't really
bring about some memories and welcome to
Jewish Street this is the the road that
I moved in with we've took her the gold
glow of Moses pasa
this is the road we used to live on how
swimming to sail when it was being built
and I was like off its if it's cheap
enough I'll buy it and we thought it was
gonna go really cheaper but it ended up
selling for 2.8 million so you know kind
of passed on that one doesn't look like
much has changed they've got some new
tenants in there like a family or
something like that but this was this
was home for us this was the old house
we used to live in like what three years
maybe three years of like a month month
back and forth between LA actually in
the house is where I came up with my
night I was in the back room in my
office and I was sat down there and I
was like took her really one do you like
a Minecraft series but I've got like a
server where just jump on and do
whatever troll kill each other steal
from each other all that sauce yeah
and he was just like yes Jana came up
with the name my night in that house I'm
glad we lived there but he just got to a
point of no a/c in Los Angeles when it
was like absolutely swelteringly hot
just became a bitch him
so it's very nice to see you again much
love Jewish Street I feel like I feel
like you know San Andreas where he
drives down the grill we thank you bro
oh my gosh I've been 3.5 miles on it and
I've got 54% battery left
oh let's keep her going that's awesome
there's an entire squad of light eight
people on the scooters going up the hill
I kind of feel like this is like the you
know the little mono wheels like craze
where everyone's like wheel and round on
them stuff I feel like this is that
craze all over again
you know what I've actually never been
up here so seeing as though we're going
exploring
let's go find out what is up there okay
maybe this Hills it a little bit too
steep for the scooter because it can't
get up it's over whoa wait look at the
wheel spin
Wow it leads up to the baseball call
okay so this is the baseball court and a
parking and then just some little green
Gardens oh that's so nice that question
instead of what is up that hill now I
know I never have to return goodbye yeah
this is the way to get a Sun Tan man
driving towards the ocean t-shirt on
hell yeah
probably like I think a mile from the
beach for check that out
oh my lord this is exactly why I'm
adventuring around LA what is this about
this is amazing the entire ones that
have to switch to my phone to be able to
catch the detail here this house is like
designed entirely like a mosaic painting
look at it it's absolutely everywhere
this is incredible I was just scooting
down the street and was like wait what
am I looking at what on earth is this
about how much time and effort was that
I've taken it looks nice to look up for
a minute but I don't think I'd want my
neighbor's house to know my house
normal house hmm look at them bad boys
how nice and modern is that we're a bit
of a crossroads cuz I think been up
there before so I know what's in that
area so let's have a little bit of a
skip down here and see what we can find
UK this guy's pimped easy
Tube channel onto the wall he's got I
think 1678 subscribers gone nut lab
that's how you grow Venice Beach London
all right let's do a battery check 41
percent and I've gone 6.2 miles oh my
gosh yeah all right let's lock up the
bird dock arundo continue right and
check all this out is this
is this motorbike for sale or oh man
final sale buy two get one free
let's go buy Luca vinyl that's beautiful
they look straight out of Bali alright
beam backs for days let's continue the
adventure house a pretty cool little pit
stop
I've got 49 percent battery left let's
see what else we can find five hundred
dollars for carved out skull flippin
heck okay let's hope these vinyls aren't
too expensive I'm yet to find them yet
this is so dope oh hell yes whoa places
my oh here we go the music and vinyl
store oh you've got to find Luke
something cool what is that oh my gosh
these are expensive $48 bloody hell I
know this is what I'm talking about some
of these are nine dollars okay this is
perfect this is what I wanted to do just
find some really cool designed ones like
what on earth is that it's a piano and a
saxophone smoking in bed after having
sex should I get him the pretty woman
soundtrack some of these vinyls have the
most crazy cover ass ever like look at
this one and this one
they're so dope I found him the perfect
one oh my gosh I don't even know what
this is I don't know how much it is
wrong work please don't be something
that noise oh my god I just feel like I
have to get it cuz of that okay so this
is what I found I found this one just
because it looks funny no idea what kind
of music it is
this bad boy and then the Pretty Woman
soundtrack well no this place just keeps
on going and going and going and just
finding random antiques and stuff this
is so strange
pretty a double chest that it makes it
look that old and everything I think
it's quite new I sick oh hell yeah
random little antiques that's what I'm
talking about
epic like what a dope dog yeah that was
so cool I managed to pick up some
records but I managed to pick up some
records for Luke he probably will never
listen to them but they're just funny so
I thought suck it why not I'm still
tempted to cancel this one because I'm
in an area where there's actually loads
and try and find one with more battery
but the Challenger mission has been to
get this to the coast let's finish this
mission oh I had to stop here this place
is called deus ex machina what oh hell
yeah back at the bar be open we're gonna
get a coffee
I came sharp oh yes look at these bad
boys and look at this helmet by the way
this is what I was gonna show you that
he's absolutely gorgeous I am so glad I
came out exploring today like seriously
this is dope look at that boy what a
cool spot everyone's just chillin got
their work going on I've got a copy I'm
trying on a jumper this is awesome
I like it I really really like it I
don't know what it is we being
long-sleeve so the rough I dig it I
love the name of this store so I'm
buying this this might be the most
hipster place in the world I've ever
been but the definition of the word
hipster came from anywhere
it would be that okay so I'm not
actually sure what I found here but he
said welcome so much ago in a place of
murals and stuff look how good that is
by the way well I don't know whether I
should be going in this way I'll go
around but I packed up my bird next to
the squadron of other people let's go
and check it out
look at this social and public
ah-ah-choo in education social justice
since 1796 let's just wing it
I don't know I don't care I'm going to
try this a prison
whoa whoa what on earth is this
if I wasn't supposed to be up there
I'm definitely suppose to be done back
well them that was nice to look at it at
culture quite literally that was a nice
little visit but it's time to continue
on with the mission
I've got 40% battery left we can make
him a super cool send this right now I
would never have the balls to write that
on the side of a police car and I think
I might be in the wrong territory right
now as I'm here driving around on one of
these birds but in this area we've got
these like lime ones you pay like a
dollar to rent it and then it's like 5p
a minute to scoot around on bought yo Oh
like Green Team versus the Black team
they're everywhere
you know what else is everywhere super
dope artwork oh my lord
check it out I feel like such a little
tourist right now but I'm loving it
can we pull one out for the homies there
was a gang war here normal shop normal
shop for the love of boobs I was about
to go this way I just saw this sign
massage oh you will not believe what I
that's bet that's bad you will not
believe what I found down this street
Bliss beat yo I was like oh there's a
big ice pillars here's a big pair for
not killers look at it this random
adventure with Tom's amazing I'm saying
that right now I've seen so much cool
 just going out explore it rather
than just sitting in my apartment all
got going down to 3b date I just like
suck this this is truly giving me the
ability just to say screw it super cheap
home around la check things out go up
roads that never go before a party or
whatever I want okay whoever invented
this I'd love to meet you and shake your
hand and just like that I made it sick
so everyone always used to just rent
bikes and bikes and bikes a box of bikes
but there's so many people and these
skewers look at them they're everywhere
well let's have much much upper left
I've got a whopping twenty sevens in but
she left I've been on it for two hours
and I've got nine
three miles racked up on the clock let's
burn out these 27 set battery riding
along the coast this is the coolest
thing ever I can't believe I managed to
make it all the way from my apartment to
here this is so sick so many people so
many people in these things oh yo check
this guy out
oh hell yeah dude that's the way to do
it yeah this guy's cruisin
I think he's got what I don't know if
you can see but he's got a phone charger
which is a wind like turbine thing very
sick this is exactly what I wanted to do
today exactly what I wanted to do today
oh my lord this is brilliant that just
that looks like hard work that's all I'm
saying but yo so right now I'm in Venice
I'm gonna try and make it to the Santa
Monica Pier without my battery died and
so wish me luck harakiri to do it I
think my baby's getting low on battery
she stats she started to feel just a
little bit less powerful all right oh
I've got eight percent battery left if
it can make it to the pier then we're
set I've got about two percent battery
left but you know what I made it I can't
believe I did I seriously could not
believe I made it this is so freakin
sick hell yeah hell god yeah and if you
question how I gonna get back
I've always gonna over or something like
that Oh God selfie stick in this is this
totally isn't gonna end wrong just like
that all right
I think that's it I think I've
completely proved it out of battery wait
for it wait I'm a slot 9% Oh nope 3%
battery 11 point one miles two hours and
14 minutes and I made it to my final
destination yeah I did indeed actually
make it look how busy this beach is oh
my gosh I don't even want to go on the
beach I'll like go down the pigs I've
done that a million in ten times I just
wait to see if I could make it eleven
point one miles later I'll miss you all
right are you ready for the next
challenge
let's see if I can make it home
I've been off it for like three minutes
and I already want to get back up one
there's so much fun I actually wouldn't
mind running one and then riding it all
the way down just to see how far I can
get it and just get some Sun on means
I've only got two days left might as
well get brown we got another one boys
and this one's got 84% battery so let's
rock and roll
in my entire time of being out in LA
I've actually never made it to the end
of this pathway I think I'm about to
finish it
is this the end I've I've made it I have
oh my god oh no no wait it keeps going
oh me can I just let me show you how how
long I've been going the pier is all the
way off there in the distance so when I
last got this one I've traveled this
many miles so far I've already done 2.1
miles on this thing in 13 minutes oh my
gosh these are these are incredible holy
oh it's really windy but oh my goodness
be look how beautiful this is oh this is
gold dust grind out I'm so good too
happy and just like that the path ends
oh my gosh this was of me this was this
was like the perfect day I wish this was
my last day in LA because this was the
perfect day how's it goin it just kept
going the path it just kept going and
going to go Wow
oh my gosh how many miles was that 3.9
miles
holy crap and I still got fish upset
battery left nice a little feelings just
here
my god is this a beautiful location I'm
loving it
I'm absolutely loving it you're trying
to tell me that this is a perfection
like this is an open beach by the way
you can just come set up a massive ten a
pavilion if you wanted and just kick it
back and chill with your friends
now you can't technically drink on the
beach but you can put alcohol into a cup
then it's not in a like an open
alcoholic container and yes drink pot
all day and chill on the beach beyond
the sea my boob is weird for there are
definitely the wrong words to that song
for it's just the vibe I'm feeling boat
one dropped a pair of sunglasses on the
tractor oh no they were stuck they're so
far away now there's no point be turning
back go and getting them booked so right
now I feel like my days already be
completed enough like seriously
mission accomplished I've got to be dead
by now surely Oh 33 percent battery 7.9
miles
god damn oh that took me in an hour
Wow my GoPro successful right all I'm
going to do though because this place is
so busy ride this thing into the city
and get it uber from there back to the
apartment if I could somehow get it home
don't be able to charge I backed up on
myself I went all the way down the coast
back to Venice but then I realized I
have a pretty good fish restaurant up
there I'm gonna go see if they've got
any Alaskan king crab leg and if I can
eat it welcome to a place called the
lobster where I'm gonna eat Alaskan
golden king crab legs as soon as that
this place is called lobster I have high
expectations I don't think I was aware
of how much 2 pounds of king crab leg is
just wait and see
my god that's a that's a lot of king
crab leg I may have over ordered I know
by the way I can't decide hey let's hope
it tastes good
I've got so much it tastes bad I'm
screwed tastes amazing she's absolutely
amazing this is like the perfect end to
half my day oh oh look at the size of
this cloth filled with crab the only
thing that would make this day better is
if CaptainSparklez was with me but he's
busy so you know what rolling solo I've
got one claw left
I don't think I've ever eaten the king
crab leg to the point where I'm so full
but I feel like I'm going to explode
I've eaten that much king crab to the
fire I feel like I'm gonna explode I've
got this together I'm tempted to put it
in my pocket nibble on it
on the way home thank you
first thing I see when I look outside
scooter scooter scooter scooter scooter
finish my food I walk outside that was
my old one and it's got like 20% battery
left this one's got 50 so let's try see
if I can take it home to eat all SWANA
whilst riding the scooter shoes I like
trains also I hate that car just for the
record that the time has finally come
I've pushed it to its limits it's died
old friend well however I love but this
one died but all I've got to do is watch
this really across the road
of course on the other side right there
yes the convenience of this up and this
skewer system is ridiculous so left my
old one over there that's just died out
of battery and I want to get one that's
got 8% charge
nice and just like that I'm off again I
love it okay so earlier on I saw that
sign to get a massage and I followed it
but there was no massage place however
I'm just around the corner from where I
used to live and me and mother father
used to go to this place for massages
all the time however after eating food
and all that I don't
they have a lot of money left and you'll
find out how much it is for an hour
massage and then probably only get 15
minutes bought I'm gonna try and go get
massaged I don't think I'm gonna be able
to afford this so let me check my bank
I've literally got once I look like a
stripper all right turns out I didn't
have enough cash for massage oh you were
like you pay by card I can't I don't
have a credit card I do have you know
like I said about my phone having one my
credit card on it you put usually
contactless you can only spend like 30
pounds a transaction so that's about $45
or something and however it was $50 for
like an hour of my time massage and I
was like oh I'll try my credit card and
it was like no it won't work but we
don't have contact lists even though the
the credit card thing had this symbol of
contact list and who's like we don't
have it but then the Machine
automatically scan my card and it pops
up same approved and they were like oh
it worked I was like so I can have a
must that dinner like yeah so it worked
man that was an amazing massage I can't
tell whether I fell asleep or I was just
on the edge bought four tell you so much
buddies probably
strong statement the best massage I've
ever had in my life and I mean Ian I've
been to a lot of places you see me go to
a lot of as far as I just had to tell
then I was like that was incredible
I feel like new but then the same time I
feel like sleeping so I don't remember I
feel like new or I feel exhausted anyway
let's continue adventure and try and get
home without using Google Maps we'll see
if I'm a professional on this I know the
four miles on the on the bird scooter
complete I think I'm done for the night
because I want to say I think I'm done
for the night Oh all day I was like oh
smooth and then tonight I'm going to see
The Incredibles oh my gosh I'm really
sunburned haha but anyway I was going to
say like oh I'm going to see The
Incredibles and I was telling Luke like
yo you should come with us and like
captures factors you should come with us
turns out it's not tonight it's tomorrow
if I would have known that sooner I
might not have spent so much time to the
Sun cuz oh oh truly have had a fulfilled
day like I went out adventured got some
new clothes like got some vinyls falou
gopro adventure everywhere I've always
wanted to go along the coast either on a
pedal bike or skates or something like a
longboard to where I went today
I did it on electric scooter too super
for right now I will do that again if I
have friends in town I will invite them
it's come and join me to do it again as
well like I'm truly so happy so very
successful day I'm glad I just got off
I'm glad I just did it even though
everyone was busy and I was like I don't
want to come do adventure - oh no I'm
work you don't know I'm making videos I
was like suck this man I'm going doing
it so you know what lysee shot me the
most of it so I did and you know what I
should have done just spread a tiny
little bit of this on my face before I
left
oops right I don't responsibility Tom
time to dry I'm gonna try delicates low
heat more dry pray for me boys
pray for me one good thing about Oh
check this out and left the year the
subscriber graph thing gone at the start
of the day at one o'clock so it's been
on oh it just reset you taking the piss
hey oh yeah wearing a white top and this
light really shows you the color in my
face flippin heck dude the Sun in LA is
brutal I was in Bali scooting around all
day with a helmet on but not even
glasses some days no t-shirt on riding
around and I don't know how but I didn't
even manage to get a Sun Tan that or
sunburn whereas here for bloody hours in
it
I've been singed to look from the start
of the day went from this to yeah
and then around 200 people subscribe
within like a couple of hours that's
crazy
I am Sun Oven subscribes at dock for 12
months let's go alright parker's is it
dry is it oh my gosh it's actually dry I
look tell me that this all st. when
my favorite shirt doesn't look like it's
been shrunk to fit a small child that
that looks like it goes on an action
doll rather than a human being
why did that shrink so bad fudge just
like in the UK it came to my attention
that I have got way too many clothes in
here that I just don't wear like half of
these are like old syndicate regional
shirts keep this one but then get rid of
this one so I ruined it in the wash so I
think it's time to donate some clothes
to charity
be right back when I fill this bag my
favorite pair of 3/4 length denim jeans
mad about these bad boys for absolutely
ages oh my gosh wore these for eight
whoa whoa whoa
man we've got some cats from all jetpack
stickers three black dog stickers they
may always check your pockets yes
another hotel key card for my collection
I'm gonna make an entire wall out of
them just in case you don't know and got
like $12 oh yeah but farewell my jeans
might magic my jean shorts farewell I
wore these honestly all the goddamn time
I absolutely love them I don't worry
more and they can go to a better cause I
don't know if anyone's gonna actually
wear them or use them or want them but
hey at least they donated it to the
cause hopefully helps out okay when I
grab that sack I didn't expect to be
given that many clothes away but oh my
gosh yeah like I think I've just got rid
of three-quarters of my wardrobe I'll
give that to my landlady and she'll make
sure it gets donated brazier thank you
very much for the bubble coat it's
absolutely brand-new cuz the tags still
in it they gave me about like five years
ago with somewhat that book it's going
to a better home my friends so razor
thank you all right well I have a very
silver table I'm putting like aloe vera
on my face like every half an hour just
to like hydrate my skin again and
drinking loads of water but whilst erm
whilst they imported all the footage off
the GoPro and everything like that I
pretty much like completely new to my
apartment I cleaned up my bathroom in
here looking all nice and neat and I
managed to clean this and fully lay
everything all out again so there's no
crap on the floor I managed to get all
my t-shirts in order
most just chillin I feel like I've had a
really really successful thing I'm gonna
try and get the vlog edited now before I
go to bed which honestly is is kind of
exhausting I'm really really tired like
because as soon as just zapped my energy
it's like how past 1:00 in the morning
right now but I think I'm gonna try and
get this vlog edited uploaded overnight
so I can just have a bit of a lie-in
feel a bit fresh it'll be my last full
day in LA because I fly home Thursday so
I'll just have Wednesday tomorrow I will
be going seeing the Incredibles tomorrow
and that should be a nice a nice day
with that with everyone on my last day
maybe go some Korean barbeque get we're
out all out for food or something like
that and then you know pack up my bags
head off home to England and then I've
only got two days there and then we're
going to front so guys thank you very
much for watching today's vlog this has
been like a true day in the life of Tom
have just bouts enough adventuring
everywhere and do my own thing like I'm
very much used to doing things by myself
it's just it is nicer to do it with
other people but I just seem to be able
to entertain myself I've always done a
sort like my solo thing like with the
gaming videos and the stream and all
sort of stuff I've always done solo
things I definitely want to be like
hanging out with other people boy if
they're all busy and stuff like that it
doesn't mean I should have gone an
adventure and have fun so I'm gonna just
continue to do that and for people
asking I do have to a day in the life
with someone in the works and I can't
believe it's been four weeks since I was
off in Vegas with jaws so I really need
to get it together because I was trying
to get him done every two weeks but I
just got really busy with travel and
stuff so I'll try and get the next one
done when I get back from from so should
be pretty cool I'm gonna tease that it's
with an American person they're super
awesome incredibly unique of a YouTube
channel and I can't wait to show you
guys what they do for like a career so
I'm gonna go now guys make sure you
follow me on instagram at syndicate on
twitter at pro syndicate and i'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
a live blog so much love to your faces
and I study ass
