a lovely way to start my day my vlog is
late and the video simply isn't
rendering so sorry about that one but
it's literally nothing I can do
oh we're starting the day we're gonna go
down to 3bd where we get some food and
then go do some work on the game lordy
Noor it's a gorgeous day right now in
Los Angeles and by the old office what
I'm going getting some food real quick
and then we're good for the day you
don't even get sushi don't get a
sandwich do I get a steak all right God
what I do you see this graffiti not too
impressive where is that graffiti oh my
goodness very well I don't think you can
cast as graffiti can you boss oh look at
that that is dope why I love this area
like this this stuff it's much but this
is the arts district so it's like it's
all promoted til I tag up walls and all
that sauce stuff as long as you just do
a good job of it and don't just scribble
pictures of dicks everyone who they got
a barbecue on today tempting tempting
look at the selection of the food I can
get here it's kind of crazy
no to sushi today and go for lamb chops
with
mm sure what that is book look at my
trailer I was hoping to get bottled
coca-cola with some flush down my lamb
chops but I think I'm gonna have to go
for Victorian lemonade okay not sure how
I feel about this one book give it a
doll I think I made a good decision
oh yes the sad think of every time I
come to eat here now is that when I walk
outside there's the building I was gonna
move into I can I gonna keep my eye on
it though if anything else comes for
sale there I would be very very tempted
to put an offer in this area's gonna go
up its soul Oh
my box is opening up one sec look jobs a
little pink but this one's still bloody
bleeding I don't know if you can eat
pork roll like this Oh rare why this hmm
I waited 30 minutes for them to cook
this meal 30 minutes to cook this meal
then it took me 20 minutes to get over
here only to fine now
look how raw that is that's disgusting
do we have any way of cooking this we
have an oven a toaster oven
Punjab you were stood in front of it the
entire time this is save the day the
recovery was real I'm a very happy man
Luke showed me that bricks and balls
game I've now got weed plane balloons
get Tristan eight wait what's better
bricks and balls this is a thousand
times better I'm probably about 500
hours into this game everybody's playing
the god damn Hey what do we do here for
Jill by the way anyone ever like word
anyone stuff anyone wasn't already bad
enough it's what you got
okay the 3bd fridge just made me very
happy
Mexican coca-cola hell yes
Angelo how's the situation going did you
did you did you win no one in my own way
gonna give me I've got no evidence of
you all being on it at once if you ever
want to know why this kind of me just
stopped them that was it it's because
this game has taken over all grown-ass
men play video games what are you doing
situation right now there is no one in
the conference room there's no one
working over here there's no one in the
3d printing room there's nobody else in
this office all the people that should
be working but currently all inside this
room doing nothing but playing this game
it's taking over our goddamn lives it's
a good thing because at 3bd we are
against to do but we work with all the
studios you know it's like hell publish
their games getting popular cuz you know
that we have like like vanos and we have
mini ladder and all those people who are
part of our network so we're like
working with section to get that game
like you know big a popular sort of
thing but usually when you work with
games companies it's like you know like
hey would you want to promote this game
or something than most some people like
yeah sure hopefully do it but they don't
actually you know play the game they're
just going out the way to promote it
where is this game everyone's addicted
to it I'm working on getting a lion skin
in the game
you know syndicate gotta represent not
too sure how long it's gonna take but
we're in the works and the process of it
so that should be pretty goddamn sweet
side no I just came in to the 3d office
to see what the hell's going on if
anything news been printed and she's
actually done it she's got me being
built I don't I don't know if that
mustache is 100% accurate because it
seems pretty intense book I am a okay
with this
I've actually been turned into a
figurine and I may actually be coming
out as a toy like what it's not a pop
fig you don't get me wrong I would love
like the pop figure that Sam Jones made
I would love to be a pop figure like I'm
saying that right now like just like
limited edition pop figure available to
my audience I would love that
but I tell you summer
that is kind of cool
given what he needs how long's this game
and go in the children oh it shows that
right now it's going for an adventure
we're going in the g-wagon the g-wagen
what do you think of it what do you
think of the car not the food the casbah
oh there you go Angela cat smells good
what's this a on the web on the computer
called right there's a thing called NOx
it's a phone emulator in a sense for
apps so you can play this on the
computer and it had someplace really
good I'd like to say I had a productive
day today but I really didn't I went to
the office and the meetings were great
found out what I need to find out and
did what I needed to do but other than
that we just we played rival all day oh
so close your eyes oh I guess I never
got this message passed on to me Hillary
thank you so much for being a vital part
of making Joshua's dream come true to
meet Tom we could have not exceeded all
of Joshua's expectations without you
communicating and scheduling with Tom
Joshua had the most amazing time in the
escape room and at dinner some really
huge impact on Joshua and that is
something that will last forever thank
you so much for making dreams come true
sincerely Molly whoa
and there's a picture of you Joshua what
a legend my name is Tom and I'm gonna
try a firework re oh let's see how this
goes
a little bit yeah Wow it's got pop rocks
in it you stay in there we did want you
to come with us we're supposed to be
going on a little movie day all right
we're at mean Angelo we're going on a
little movie date and this guy's coming
with us now come on you've already seen
this movie I was honestly so hung up
about doing nothing tonight I was like
we've got to do something so but go into
an I pick ways like you get food and
drink it's not a thing and watch a movie
so we've got what film are we going
watching hey Chris what's that movie
called that you've already seen what we
see in Christopher you take that back
now apologize to my mom she watches the
vlogs don't apologize to her well I will
not apologize for bringing this channel
to the world
yeah what are you my dad like is that
what you try to say grace I'll hell we
going to the movie Fizz no no get you're
the last thing I want to see walking
down an alleyway no you would put like
you said in the car you burped it was
nothing to do with Cola why's that we
didn't racist with you you're just a
sketchy-ass dude in general we me alone
here we go we're going seeing Hotel
Artemus that's risky why are you so
close to me at all times you're just so
much see what I mean every five seconds
he's there you think I'm intense you've
never spent it
get off this looks like a terrible movie
just say that right now I need a better
distance just a little bit of distance
stay right there
what up well fancy I pick can I not just
get two million to myself I swear to God
stop following me now this is what I'm
talking about really quick nitrogen
cocktails mean Chris on the same page so
the whole concept of the film without
it's not even spoiling it this guy makes
it into this flat or underground
hospital something happens inside and
then he leaves that's about as much
Daniel yeah so I've basically got gone
much to filming things I fell asleep
during it I don't know if these are a
thing in the UK i pics like movie it's
working like going and eat book tell you
what I love them the edge is very
dangerous because you get so comfy they
still just like blackout dark and no not
that noisy that's so easy just to like
fall asleep listen L becomes the longest
part of my night for me to get from my
apartment to the office takes like like
thirty five minutes no traffic okay so
it's quite a long time we then just
drove 20 minutes even more East so I'm
about an hour away from my apartment so
it's like nearly one o'clock in the
morning and I've got like nearly an hour
to get home with like look no traffic
oh sweet home one o'clock in the morning
I am ready to get to bed pass the hell
out
then get up nice and early to edit my
vlog mm-hmm I'm just like that I did
lazy children I'm gonna have to end
today's vlog here thank you very much
for watching it's getting to that point
now and I know it might sound strange
but I'm ready to go home I know I am a
lot in Los Angeles you could say there's
a million and ten things for you to go
and do but I'm at that stage now where
I've been in LA for what I need to do
what I was gonna do night III all that
sort of stuff by going to like MLG all
those events but I'm ready to go home
now
I actually almost flew home yesterday by
a company a company offering me to fly
first class to go to the Cannes Film
Festival
like they'd pay me to go there to
promote something they'd like buy me a
first-class ticket to fly home which
would be an amazing I've never flown to
France first class before so that would
be an absolute crazy trip but I said no
to the deal because they wanted me to
promote a cigarette company and I was
like you know what
I'm sorry as much as I would love to fly
home to England just for like you know
when I said like live stupid shot me the
most like spice things up life is too
short to the point where I don't really
think promoting a cigarette company is
the best scenario do you because I'm
always been against smoking the only
thing I would ever do is if I was like
yeah totally I'll do the brand deal fly
there first-class the money that they
give me I donate to a anti-smoking
charities and that there and then the
video I just go yes molten kills you
know just just completely come over but
then I probably get sued or something
like that so let's not do that but I'm
gonna end today's vlog guys I am flying
home on Thursday so I've only got two
more days we've got another cinema date
night tonight with like Jericho diesel I
think mini Ladd bunch of other people
because we're all going seeing the new
Incredibles which I'm really looking
forward to spend I think the day in the
Sun today and then I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next area
vlog where I'm gonna be absolutely
sunburned so much love thanks for
watching follow me on instagram at
syndicate until tomorrow much love adios
