all right all right all right today is
that I know I look exhausted but today's
a day
it's the chaos I am Logan Paul Williams
got my vlog uploaded we're setting off
now in an uber got my breakfast I've
come in hello yes that's the first time
I've ever waved in uber driver but
whatever I was shooting that was my
driver but as long as he doesn't drive
off I should just be turning up to the
case I love and Wayne and let the trash
talk big thank you sir yeah I love that
this is the new Civic original hoodie
all about the hype do you know I'm not
about its goddamn feet I've made it to
the LA Coliseum this is where the year
the weigh-ins going down
however this all road sections closed so
I got dropped off a night somehow need
to find my way to gate one here we go
this is what we're looking for saying
this right now still wake you hot wait
too hot oh here we go here we go are you
ready for this if JJ stops posting
dickpics maybe it's done a chance at
this fire this is where we're rolling up
is where the weigh-ins going down we're
gonna get some refreshments and kick it
is this the squad wait is it that's team
ten million that's definitely more than
ten books is it starting now
I don't know Oh May what is going on oh
my god Liam what is going on right now
oh my
is going on right now oh my god JJ's not
even nervous I'm nervous for him
seriously
honest to god I just walked past it okay
well I'm nervous
oh my god I was talking about going on
there in the car with Vic and fighting
big black walls but oh my gosh
okay sure though it was a skiing
accident right now I believe I don't
know let's not fight you're like like
Wolverine or some shit no no no no no 10
like ratings on this video and we're
gonna go skydiving - he's coming I said
he's down yeah he said he would go he
said he was coming if desert I might do
it oh yeah I'll bet I will make this
happen
this is go time
a record record with no eyebrows
keep it going no even during the time of
day I've never been to the
behind-the-scenes of a fight
I gotta admit for some reason never had
to be the behind-the-scenes of my cuz
youtubers don't usually fight other
youtubers what are you doing I was like
look give a big shout a big shout out on
a big warm welcome for my man Jake let's
go
Oh
do it daddy
hey looks good yeah it looks good
mistake my publicist called me yesterday
there's gonna be a lot of people
he's back
yeah
why is this a thing
YouTube 2018 hey-ho content boys watch
yo music is shit it's gonna be the
second ball can't see
he comes off is the man himself
all right
okay
Hey
motherfucker just one is pulling down
the women let's never have a great night
guys
oh look it keep stop it's just basking
in his little moment what are you doing
what are you doing this is no your press
conference get out of here kids like
throwing bottles throwing toys simply
throw a rock I got a big ass ride do I
need to do sweet did you picture YouTube
being this scenario in 2018 toilet paper
we faces on floor mats
it's normally no that but online and
this was real life means and this was
legitimate I suppose I thought he was
gonna there was so many behavior of like
unlike Logan's crew who jumped up on the
stage and it just got real crazy real
kids were throwing like bottles war of
coins
she kid threw a rock don't ever do that
don't ever do that but
look approach the pipe definitely no not
you if I just walked away with this
though cuz I JJ's really not paying
attention to who's got this show I could
technically you didn't see anything
kind of walks away with a bell oh oh
yeah son for we could have walked in any
direction and we found this good cat
well though I was just like whoa I'm
gonna have to throw his kind of vlog
real quick is he wearing a like a phase
cloud chain turns out this was how much
where did you find five you thought five
came face banks hooked him up with it
what are the chances this chopper is
definitely chasing someone
Oh Ezreal oh my god imagine imagine if
we were driving alongside and we see
like the cop cars go past it like you
know that I said I want ramen Luke
brought us to La Brea ramen bar whoa
apparently this is the best the best of
this okay good okay that's a lot of
pressure
yes yes yes yes taste test of the broth
ooh
ready
Wow that is major flavor that is major
age of flavor Wow very nice face is
Kevin out don't fall down the stairs you
may you may literally break every bone
in your body you'll remain have a job
yeah did about this is a familiar sight
chill out on Luke's couch for a bit we
could have good I like nice little date
today but like yesterday's the day is
like you know you've got nothing planned
and no one's doing anything even though
it was a Friday and we did go out to a
club like I hate having days where it's
like I don't know I'm doing it drives me
crazy not know I'm what I'm doing in the
day I'm like you know what I want to do
stuff to I'm able to just like switch
off and chill but the rates like what
I'm gonna do for vlog I like I like to
be going doing stuff and being active
and today we're gonna go to the tap it's
again and have another jazz night so
that was the nap I needed yeah I'm just
running with sleeping at Luke's for like
hour so what we do immediately just like
go off adventure and like a good guest I
made my bed ah it feels good to be able
to go and buy something Luke's left me
some money I said let me he's giving me
money and I paid on him some money so
ladies and gentlemen I can now afford
bars of soap the other day I went to go
buy soap
I went to go buy soap bin bags and
headache medicine and I can only buy the
headache medicine in the bin bags not
the soap so we got the soap boys yeah
have you got the the scooter rental app
and was like oh that's a halflife his
license plate is half life 3 confirmed
that is genius
how did I end up with this yeah hello
there rats
hello Nawrocki dog I did bum bum oh this
is a way different setup - last time we
came here oh I'm loving this this is so
very chill well I say charred want to be
Duncan
how chill it's like I'm having a little
picnic David Luke we just got here
we don't know I've been at the woman
went okay this is the last song so you
drop oh dude this was that this was the
best six hour
Jasna I'm alive yes oh my god yeah the
best so good really did I definitely
think there's not another button coming
on got it Jess on your phone on your
phone we I took when I told you we fell
asleep at Luke's house we fell asleep at
Luke's house it's the story of my life
fall asleep amidst the things I missed
the part that I yeah coming Luke so
right go ahead show people this game
night this is my game realize it's not
sponsored Luke is just addicted to it
what do you do Luke it's sooo stupid
satis
but that's the me a pleasure but just
you just Kings throw the balls and just
starts breaking everything so every
single one of these squares like this as
a certain mountain numbers of hits its
gonna take to die so you have to like
can I aim it you have to aim the balls
where they fire your sixty-four balls
depends each time and then you shouldn't
we fire the balls and try and destroy
all the blocks
Luke is addicted to this game it's super
sir cog bricks and balls Rick there you
go ball you can head back he's so
addicted to it oh that was the craziest
Chaz not I've been into that lasted
hours that was hours and hours of
vegetative right there essentially it
was actually really nice we made it
legitimately for the last song and then
the Encore okay and then it was like a
groups have been outs so we just chilled
we we just chilled and that's exactly
what I wanted to do was kick yeah kick
back relax and enjoy it
I would have preferred some Sun instead
it's much much like England right now so
this
is a wit thank you because this is
absolutely wing
lovely selfie to the next level they
brought a drone with them to do it with
okey-dokey then
very nice few oysters if I look a little
bit sick it's probably because the three
oysters at last night did it settle too
well with me which makes me ask the
question what I asked last night to
Lucas who at which stage in life saw a
shell cracked it open saw this gooey ass
mess inside it went you know what I'm
gonna swallow this hole I need to find
that answer out immediately and question
but why but guys it is the end of the
day thank you very much oh my cups back
thank you very much for watching today's
vlog it was a very drama-filled day
loads of people showed up it was like
every youtuber in your nan was there
which was pretty incredible it was just
very very crazy like I did not expect to
the press conference I was gonna do like
a press conference bingo where like it
would Logan would say like look up to me
look up to me look up to me like you've
got a smelling bandana you've got a big
head like the typical stuff that I was
expecting but the fact that these state
bringing they brought out toilet rolls
with JJ's face on it a big mouse mat
like a doormat to stomp on JJ bought a
YouTube for dummies and when he brought
out those Thai Story toys oh my god my
heart sank my heart absolutely sank like
I just thought that was gonna backfire
so bad bought this it didn't feel like a
press conference for box it felt like it
like submit like dude seem to be w/e but
nonetheless I'm glad I went to it I am
really gonna try and go to the fight now
because I'm maybe gonna be the next
insomnia and that's when the boxing
fight is because it's in Manchester and
I'm gonna be in Birmingham I may try and
travel as soon as the events over whoo
Manchester watch the fight and then come
back which will probably exhaust me but
I feel like Cena's oats in my hometown
it's a fight that I really can't miss
out on so yeah let me know if you guys
want me to go to the ki Logan fight I
think it'd be pretty interesting I'm
saying this now I do very much believe
JJ in my ranking right now is got Logan
I think you can I think you can handle
it
whereas Deji and
Jake I still really fear for 4jg I
really really do I know it sucks to say
that I should always have his back to
the UK but I just I want to see him try
anymore
I want to see I want to see him throw
some actual punches get over every spar
session he's doing he's just like tap
tap tap not actually like there's no
power so yeah I'm pretty scared for him
I'm not gonna lie but yeah I was so
nervous that event because it just felt
so surreal
in YouTube 2018 we've got to a point
where instead of just insulting each
other in videos now it's get to a point
where it's like yeah I'm gonna call you
out and punch you in the face so let's
stay away from the drama
no thank you and I'm gonna end this vlog
here so yeah Vic stop calling you I'm
gonna box you next year all right let's
go boy but none of those guys thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like rate and subscribe and I
will see you guys tomorrow 6:00 p.m.
fish for the next daily vlog where if I
maybe write insane I might be going to
the college you eat championships today
it's the it's the finals so I might be
going down hanging out with hex see the
object boys and catch up with them so
let's see how that goes
much love sorry oh Sh follow me on
instagram at syndicate behind the scenes
and hopefully tomorrow's vlog will be on
time probably not
