The Syndicate original snapbacks
limited-edition gold have already sold
out celebratory donut I'd like to say
I'm gonna eat one right now but I've
eaten about six and yeah I feel really
fat right now so we're gonna be healthy
under sitting this chair for the next 24
hours and play for tonight
I can't believe it it's actually daytime
and I'm outside I got to admit I had no
idea they had police on horses here what
you can tell we're in the arts district
kind of yeah everything's just colorful
and sparkly dinnertime I can hear my guy
oh I was gonna say we're going into
worship Hall or whatever it is for
sausage book I mean shine from a
distance I already made mistake of
trying to offer Angelo a drink got to
the Baron was like yeah I don't have any
money so I tried to officer or a drink
and then I ended up having to or our
money off them to be able to buy him a
drink same this right now very glad I
came down here at a nice sausage getting
myself a beer and Sun in the Sun days oh
yeah you know I gotta do yep
I'm loving this right now I'm killing
them or doing a bit of shopping in here
and I'm just proving outside if this is
not new able to grow oh let's go oh this
is what I'm about right now
Oh Chucky we brownie oh my gosh it
sounds amazing
I love seeing bloggers in the wild it's
so funny that's what I'm talking about I
actually managed to buy it using my
Apple pay as well mmm this is for you
okay you don't like chocolate mmm yeah
yeah oh my god we're good we're good oh
it's gonna be my ice cream no Angela's
little tank every time I see it I do
think wow what's this girl's name who
owns this car it's cute back at the
office nobody's in here yet we're still
getting all set up and everything like
that I think we got the first front
section with a few people and bought
soon in due time absolutely filled I'll
have a go car and I'll be racing it
around everything I'll be all good
oh we got a streaming room set up this
is not a health and safety hazard in
slightest this is the most temporary
streaming setup I've ever seen but it
looks good you look really good right
now on this camera I need this I need to
do this is a webcam so this is gorgeous
this is really really nice I'm saying
this right now I am so tired that this
couch is about to become my bed I didn't
even know we had this at Wow
oh I didn't know this I didn't know that
you could do this walk off to the side
and it opened up into the main office
space Wow okay so no one's actually here
now so oh my gosh we kept it check this
out
wait what we have a basement no no I
don't know that's not basement in this
like wow that is actually kind of
weirdly unnecessarily random because all
that does is just lead down to the road
so as you can see right there just leads
to it let's check out what the bathrooms
look like I've actually not seen these
just yet I've been nice of the mud
pretty plain pretty simple we've got a
crack going through to next dollar
building hello hello I'll probably never
get it
but it's good to know the building's
falling apart already
flexing not been upstairs yes let's go
and have a look and I don't even have a
clue what it's like every time I've been
a there's always been people working so
I've never had the opportunity to just
like wander around it like this and not
you know like feel weirded out that
might be why no one's up here because
that's creaking did you check it out oh
hell yes so much room for activities
hello
look at all this space this is pretty
incredible it truly puts such a smile on
my face I'm probably gonna get kicked
out my own company saying this right now
like I'm a co-founder and if all the
other co-founders come together and go
yep time to get rid of Tom they couldn't
in an easy simple to technically get rid
of me because I want to get like a zip
line from say here all the way to the
opposite end if this is gonna be my
office it needs a little touch of Tom
I'm demanding scooters everywhere
undemanding zip wires and most likely
not gonna get any of these requests by
the way but to say how big of a scale
this new offices it's just ridiculous I
actually have no idea of layout of like
what who's going where what's going
where like we've got the game dev team
that we've got to put somewhere we've
got the merge team as people hear me
talk about merge by the way a lot of
people said like Tom like wait a minute
you've got syndicate original does that
mean syndicate originals gonna be moving
to like LA I have been based out of this
office not in the slightest Endicott
original is actually a separate company
from 3bd syndicate original was out
before 3bd even I kind of think I'm
right in saying even existed and because
it we I I did my merge shuffle in my own
prior that was already south entity then
three buddies started up and then we
started doing merge for other youtubers
and stuff like that so they're two
totally different companies they've got
like no association with each other
whatsoever bought it would be a dope
spot to like have a lease of a moment
here but I don't think I could ask
Alice my mom Cal and everyone to just
pack up shop moved to a America
and you know I be based out here Alice
you probably said yes but everyone else
would probably have a few things to say
know about but why is there a Cassie
here I have I have questions
one thing I'm truly gonna compliment
this office on so far is the fact that
it's like nearly I think 7 p.m. at night
and there's so much light in this space
just the amount of light coming through
it's beautiful
now this is a check it all out all the
merch in 3bd from now on is gonna be
made in-house like not like every
t-shirt because like most of teachers
like it just a print on a blank t-shirt
but we're gonna start doing custom like
made drops everything's like embroidered
on all the pieces all the fabric all the
zips all over everything
like really limited edition handmade 3bd
only merged
it's not a brand
squat roll it in 5th at Gigi my goodness
I'll go
don't
no no no no this looks like how on earth
to get you know it's orchestrated very
well no this looks like hell on earth
and I'm pretty sure I know what oh oh oh
my god let's go that's dope okay we
missed a fight I was literally about say
we're in the right location cuz this is
a big-ass dog with a big-ass decade you
know guess what their crystals crystals
on their taps okay now you're under
pressure you can play wonder ball okay
let's go
either way yeah oh my gosh we run up to
a place oh my gosh I'm a boy valise
rented out a place for the weekend and
oh my god
it's got a big-ass house of the big-ass
view pool hot tub and an incredible wait
what wait if I know where we are
I'm pretty sure insane that's
CaptainSparklez house oh okay so I'm
gonna ring Jordan and see if he wants to
come out for a drink let's see if we can
get CaptainSparklez to join us the
chances are he won't because it's like
2:00 a.m. but if we can then that's a
win
okay no okay going alright so exile
Kevin's in this a house I figured it'd
wake him up yes
Ryan it's okay Ryan right I love you
right I'm sorry
but I love you man it's a nice very good
night - these are really good night good
people good vibes but take some but I'm
tired and I want to go to bed so good
I'm saying this right now I'm not even
sure how tonight kind of panned out put
it find out really good good times good
vibes good people I have to end this
vlog right now because you guys know
it's like 5:00 a.m. I have less than
five hours to get this look at it it's
so I'm gonna get it done I'm gonna get
it edited Oh guys I'm gonna end today's
vlog thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like rate and
subscribe I'll see you tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next to the blog today was
one of those days where it was like he
just wing it go with the flow and enjoy
it and that's kind of like my life so
until then I'll see you then much love
and I study us
