today is the day ladies and gentlemen
that limited-edition syndicate original
ha is on sale right now if you're
watching this video the description go
check it out
there is only one thousand three hundred
and thirty seven of these hats in the
world available and for people asking
the Hat that I gave away whilst it was
in Bali which was the first-ever version
was indeed one of them so technically
there is 1336 available but this is the
first-ever limited edition hat we've
done so if you guys wanna get your hands
on it link will be down below and then
when you get it delivered in the post
make sure you take a picture tag minute
I'll make sure I retweet it whoa whoa
made the bed ish cleans my apartment
excuse me what is going on here
organized so no dog
so do day see this hair let's change it
much better so it is a new doll and it
is a new day I'm actually starting bday
like in a reasonable time today 3 p.m.
in the afternoon but that's the first
time I've ever walked on the balcony and
there's someone been on there's
expecting but it's a gorgeous day in
paradise right now absolutely loving
this I've got no plans today
I should technically or more likely I
should really be going into e3 check it
out like the games that all that sort of
stuff walking on the convention but I
sent this in yesterday's vlog I'm just
kind of over it I've done III like a
bunch of times like say 4 or 5 times
already like you go around if you
actually want to see anything you have
to be stood in a queue for hours and all
that sort of stuff and I'm just like I'm
not feeling that I don't wanna be stuck
indoors in a big convention for sweaty
people although no thanks I've just
remembered something that's really upset
me so you know those scoot is that like
everywhere that I just love but I
actually can't rent one whilst Mount Ayr
because it's attached to my credit card
and you scan it and it like bills your
credit card and because it can't bill me
it won't let me rent one I cried nod for
her it's just not fair is this some sort
of sick joke out of sick joke and you
kidding me ok I don't know how it worked
but I did I should probably get some
food first that would be the best
decision of my dad bought this will do
first our basic the most American thing
ever like don't be wrong this guy may
have hurt his leg or something like that
but this guy's going cruising route we
did American flying on the back of it
yes this is what I need right now just a
recharge get some cinema on my skin I've
been like a little night owl' for the
past three nights it's not good for me
this is great and I've already written
by eight to go out for drinks with work
I'm going to join him I would have glass
of water maybe an orange juice or a
coca-cola but no alcohol for me I've
reached my limit Keys Mela it's
this is the probably closest I'm gonna
get that buildings
I don't want to be any closer to it it's
just way too busy way too full of sweaty
people I'm good okay
so this is where I'm eating Luke
welcome to indie heaven head whoa now
that's trippy okay let's find Luke go to
admit not entirely sure what this is
these people doing interviews or
showcasing some games I think I don't as
a rooster TV event let's see this
rooster cheek games all but they're not
reached TV just kidding butthis Luke
anyway oh wait a minute I was just
saying like oh I wish I were to go into
III sir I could've got my badge and
leukocyte you can have this because he
got mine you got mine
no why did you get this then I said that
I was your manager in that I'm okay hoax
hey Luke that's that one convention I'm
just not going to
it was great this year I got so much
swag I got you know there's one
camouflage ball somebody knows that
means video games and food I've not
eaten all day
this is like my worst but that nightmare
this is entire meal of cilantro
I'm literally gardening my god damn food
it did say it did say cilantro there oh
my god ooh
it's that much cilantro that I can smell
it this looks like the horked testicles
they're so good
this looks like the Holts testicular
Swan tofu I don't know
come on big this was the chicken rice
ball with just too many vegetables this
was this was what I wanted just a ball
of rice and chicken thank you we Came we
saw we conquered for food but me and Lee
were just like we really out first of
all I want to be outside here coz look
at that sunset and second of all I just
want to lay down I just wanna go he's
like can we watch Harry Potter I didn't
say that no I did not have any mouth why
say when they would watch a Harry Potter
if I do I'm cherry pie so no yeah we're
gonna go back to Luke's and just kick it
just gonna kick it chill out
maybe watch last week's West world
episode yeah I've seen that yeah this is
the vibe I need right now oh my gosh I
love this place this is like seriously
the vibe right now
I dunno what I mean like I know we're
going indoors now but like I just want
to sit and stare at this for a minute
cuz this is just beautiful that kid
there's wearing a limited edition
vaana's hoodie oh my gosh that is so
random but we're not near e3 right now
so it's not like he's like it at Katie
Walker 93 that is so cool under 7 ah
this is beautiful
oh my that dude that looks like a
painting yeah this is just notes this
looks like out of a videogame or
something right now
Wow I love that so much
oh yes this gets even better like I
could just not be at that spot I just
needed to just chill out and switch off
and this guy was on the same page it's
just a chill-out day innit it's it's not
uh sit in a bar and have small talk for
an hour an hour an hour an hour an hour
it's switch off and chill thank you for
having me over
it's been a very chill night it's
exactly who I wanted watch two episode
of West world kick back chill out I have
to admit like as much as I love you I
will say this I think I missed your dog
and I am you also say no small no small
or rat chasing after me okay I'm glad
see you States Wario but okay my today's
vlog really was like a just chill and do
nothing kind of day and it happens in
the life of Tommy if you are new around
here because let me just say is now the
channel has been absolutely poppin
recently and I keep saying like welcome
board to all the new subscribers but
welcome to a day where it's kind of
chill and kind of relax because you know
I'm about I'm always doing stuff it's
like go go go go go and I never get a
day where it's just like switch off cuz
he's so fully intends and today's kind
of like one of those days I'm sorry it
wasn't like the most adventurous day
should have made a bit more of the most
of it by good night's sleep and not
partying so hard the night before but
hey man the three-d pie it was amazing
every five minutes it was like I met
someone that like I haven't seen in ages
and he was like you know X rpm then hex
was there then like flames odd was there
I've done YouTube for eight years and in
the eight years of you like five years
of gaming like year of like give him
like live streaming and then the
vlogging and stuff after all that time
of doing it I've just met so many people
whether it was like the industry people
from like behind the scenes whereas
people who work at networks like game
developers you know Jimmy szalinski was
there last night to create the og crater
of ecology zombies he was there last
night it's just crazy to think like how
everything's panned out from where it
was to where it is now and the
the amazing people I've met like I truly
am so thankful for this opportunity
which is YouTube because it's it's
allowed me to meet so many good people
like I would never have met Luke without
you achieve you know but hey all these
guys I just never would have met them if
it wasn't for you chip and it makes me
so happy to know that I know so many
good people that's what I thrive off I
thrive off like good people good vibes
and it just pushes me forward in life so
if there's a piece of advice I could
give you I don't know why I'm giving
advice but randomly it's surround
yourself by good people it doesn't have
to be like no not like in a fake way
like overly like like no just truly you
know who a good person is you know if
they've got a good vibe and I saw stuff
surround yourself by as many people like
that as possible if you've got people
just putting you down all the time and
poking for it yeah it's just like you
don't need that in your life get rid of
it move forward move upwards move
onwards and just enjoy yourself just
have a happy life and you know make the
most of it guys I do have 20 days
vlogger I'm sorry it was a short one
it's just like it is one of those things
some days I'm doing a lot some days I'm
not so I'm not going to Vegas is
something I decided like no thank you as
much fun as it would be to hang out with
everyone and go do this and go tada and
last time I was out there mom for about
that 24-hour period hanging out with
jaws it like nearly killed me I was like
I was just absolutely dying going out
pie until 6 a.m. and then happens get
the vlog uploaded by 10:00 a.m. just not
something that like it does not compute
with me it just does not compute I think
I will seriously try and get in contact
with Byron to see if he could edit my
vlogs whilst them in LA because this
time difference of editing and stuff
it's kind of like taking its toll on me
oh it's better a reasonable hour
would be fine but we just know I don't
so yeah hopefully we can get Byron on
board games were at the vlogs and I'm in
America and just see how it all goes
from there but guys thank you for
watching if you did get yourself a
syndicate regional ha
congratulations cuz once they're gone
they're gone you'll never be able to get
them ever again limited edition once in
a lifetime boom boom boom
let me work this out I think on Sundays
vlog you guys will be seeing the footage
from where I'm going to the ksi and
Logan Paul like way in so that should be
pretty interesting the tide is shifting
for me because I thought Logan would
have had this but JJ seems to be taking
this very very seriously and I think my
odds are on JJ now I'm just saying that
right now so who's your money on Logan
JJ let me know comments down below I'll
see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for the
next play vlog until
much love beside us
