mmm that was a nice zoom out of my face
there wasn't it hey yeah me in the
morning went to bed at a regional time
start my day fresh bowl of Coco
shreddies cup of tea getting some work
done Steve don't panic food is on its
way you see this term I'm supported at
the train station now
so my tux is on its way which as per
usual is late again everything is a-okay
but it you can eat yourself some food
and I will see you in a date yeah again
to get this reservation as London here I
come
it's a beautiful day and we place our
bets now will my taxi get this appraised
station on time yeah she's my taxi do
think we can do it this time do we think
we can actually do it this time
great success best sister in the world
right there gave me a lift to the train
station and she actually got me here on
time um as about to ring my sister back
being like can you take me to Manchester
instead please because hen you train
either and wait next stop London oh no
that's not my train well twenty three
pom two on time Elvis your legend got a
latte got some fruit toast I know I have
two hours to do nothing play runescape
and voila my train has arrived here we
go
I've made it to London so this should
apparently be a car waiting for me I
jump in the car that car takes me to the
hotel I then get to the hotel and then I
have two hours to do whatever I want
just gonna look out the window you'll
see why this guy right here nice one I
I'm a mega fan of this weapon I'm only
in London for like one day so if it
stays like this I'm a happy man it's
just picturesque innit what a perfect
day in London this is so nice
did I base it yet the best driving are
thunder run out
you have very new passport
like I've only just got it it would be
NASA to leave already it was just a test
what an absolutely incredible view I'm
just at the bar grabbing a drink waiting
for my room to get ready because then
usually when you check into a hotel and
take your credit card one incidentals
and stuff like that
this hotel one night stay I like went to
give him a card for incidentals you know
a refund it you're like oh I'll take a
hundred pound off your card and then if
they didn't you bring anything will take
you off here and you don't get your
money back but to do it and when I check
them out it said like 1,100 I was like
am I paying for the full thing and he
was like yes yeah there was a
communication issue and the company is
supposed to be paying for the hotel for
me I asked him to borrow voice Oh
Activision thank you I don't think I've
ever stayed in a nicer hotel and I've
been to a lot of hotels I'm not even
seen the bedroom yet but I'm so my
important by this view right now this is
just on an absolute of a level the Tower
of London is right there the the HMS I
should know this but I really don't know
just look at this oh my gosh
I was like a little kid you know or a
step like I don't have doing vlogs where
I'm doing nothing and sat around all day
that's true because I'm gonna be doing
vlogs when I'm going to places like this
oh my gosh look at the snap it's my
favorite snap things whatever it is corn
chip but I usually get at the airport
just because of those trips just want to
say a massive shout out to Emily from
the PR department who has organized me
getting down here today she was trying
to organize me getting out to LA as well
you saw how that fell through for and
massive shout out to everyone eyes on
this this is insane I feel like a kid at
Christmas right now
got myself a Bloody Mary and I'm just so
excited because like not only am I
excited about tonight this makes me
excited about relieving that stress of
not daily vlogging on days where I'm
doing nothing and then only film in like
the days where I'm like going on
adventures like this because I'm gonna
go out of my way to go on adventures
like this and you know maybe not stain
like in a thousand pound a night hotel
as more you know just to do something
different in something cool and then
that way everything uploaded says this
channel is quality over content and and
it makes me feel like I know I've done
the right decision so do that guys
Cheers and to the future as much as I
don't want to leave this view I can go
and check into my room now so that's
what we're doing this hotel is nice but
Hotel itself is nice but it'll be
interesting to see what the rooms like
okay okay okay oh god damn this is nice
damn
oh my gosh there's a lovely lovely
layout of a room
Oh liked that a lot heck yeah okay now
there's a lot of blinds going on I'm
just looking for one button that opens
all of them is that you okay I don't
know that does oh my god I thought that
was a mirror look cuz it's a murderer
I thought that was a mirror I was like
wait a minute what am I looking at whoa
oh my god no way wait wait wait wait
does this open the blinds
nope no I a minute
I know why none of this works you'll go
in here like this do not disturb me the
lights are on how about now Oh
oh my god this is amazing
there's the battleship I was just
looking at oh my god oh my god oh my god
are you kidding me I can see right into
someone else's room hi there it's really
awkward and hopefully you're not naked
in my two seconds but oh my god wow wow
wow wow wow okay this might be the best
hotel room I've ever stayed then I first
of all right I haven't seen the bed but
the views I'm sorry but oh my lord this
jets at ten out of ten
I won't even given the ten outta ten
before okay I swear I swear this was a
mirror look it was that fire open and I
went to the switch or when I looked at
that because I clearly started with a
mirror I got confused but oh my god oh
my look at you you can take a but all
I'm taking a bath at home can't judge me
I am taking a bath and I'm staring
across London goodness gracious me on a
whole crazy another level right now just
look at all this history like a castle
the Tower Bridge a battleship she's just
not oh what's that
what what that is that I got bad little
bat Souls I've got a loofa by the way
anything that is not nailed down and
looks like blaze it looks like it can be
taken like so yeah it's coming with me
just saying I'm not gonna make the
towels I'm not I'm not scruff but like
this but Oh like a kitty doesn't know
how to like put a square in a square
hole okay what's inside list oh I've
always wanted a a makeup remover but
that's a very nice box I'm gonna put
that back on wait it's oh there's a TV
oh wait
is there another one in here oh it's
just a speaker okay uh-huh what's in
here oh oh oh it is it's one of the
toilets that sprinkles you your book and
you can take notes whilst your poop I'm
getting too overwhelmed right now like
serious the TV in the mirror that looks
amazing like that's incredible beautiful
shower beautiful toilet
wow this is insane wardrobes in here
beautiful get a safe get any bored
slippers that come with me pretty sure
you get to keep those I don't mix stuff
from hotels by the way definitely taking
this don't you talked about the bed it
looks amazing I can't wait to try it
but I'm gonna need this mirror real
quick of all the mirrors I'm using this
I just got text saying that the driver
is here to pick me up watch it take me
to where I'm going so again this video
isn't sponsored by Activision they
didn't pay me but they just invited me
to events and a lot of people who work
at the company were like hey wasn't
scared you want to come obviously they
get promotion from the video but just
for clarification they brought me here
they put me up in the rim so I
appreciate them doing that now we're
clear but I'm not being paid for this so
boom and yeah I did say this only one
the most expensive hotel I think I may
have ever stated in my life like ever
and I paid for it myself maybe 450 quid
a knife like one night stay somewhere if
maybe that maybe $600 in America or some
more but this is one thousand British
pounds a night to stay here what a
thousand British pounds this is insane
this is absolutely insane what's this is
a fridge it looks like it might be a
fridge oh oh oh god damn okay I ain't
touching any of these because it's
probably all weight and pressure
sensitive saliva and they charge you to
it but they get actually I guess if
you're staying in a thousand pound and I
wait what are you kidding me they've got
open noodles Shin cup noodle soup oh
that's how often the depending on what
I'm doing tonight my end up eating that
look at this look at this this is insane
oh wow mix oh wait where's where's the
prior was was a price list he's about 50
quid I'm telling you right now nice mix
of drinks guarantee these about fifty
quid each you got inside the fridge you
some cokes and chocolate we've got some
champagne
oh and a little milk this is just nuts
honestly what's this what are you oh you
know just in case you lose the TV remote
it's got its own a leather envelope what
about here or kettle oh that's nice to
give you a cuddle wait what they'll come
to your hotel room and do a training
session with you what about the EM room
dining but look at this it's far apart
the scenes there you're fixed it by ten
pound for Oh porridge
you've taken the poo free-range eggs
fourteen pounds
side order of baked beans six pounds a
full English breakfast thirty-eight
pounds six pounds for a cup of tea and
it was at this point that I just
remembered the drivers waiting outside
for me so I'm gonna quickly go and use
the magic sprinkle toilet and then we're
gonna rush downstairs meet up with that
guy what's that what's this
complimentary shoeshine service oh you
can join the many other guests in
protecting the environment by using your
bed more than once place this card if
you'd like us to change the sheets what
I'm only staying here for one night so
no thank you and oh yes there's the
reminder of the breakfast price backk
clock old school classic I like it I
like that a lot but do you know what I
don't like for a thousand pound at night
you can stay in a hotel that incorrectly
tells the time it is currently 4:30
right now in the afternoon and this
clock says wise this was a 10 out of 10
hotel but if I were to set an alarm on
that thing it seemed incapable of it but
it missed my appointment I would my in
life would have fallen apart but oh I
don't see that oh there's an iPad ok
photos anyone taken any No ah I was
going to say what about recently deleted
but cool there you go you can you can
use that to track down your family or
your fiance if they're going home and
fair on you wallet take my passport not
get that wet oh oh by the way that test
oh my god oh that's so nice yep
this hotel gets a 10 out of 10 with our
compliments two big bottles of water oh
wait oh it's glass ok I know I just
smashed the entire table and the cup
itself what was this
oh these chocolates or vice make sure
they're complimentary yep they're come
staying on this sofa right there that's
it's kind of weird pressure feeling
ready to rock and roll I have to say
something right now that toilet yeah
that's a he'd see if I would've had my
phone in my hand and could calm or
action it would have been like God
Tyrion I sat down I was like oh my god
incredibly hard after I went to Japan
and actually tried those sprinkly
toilets no never again no no thank you
all I can say is I don't think anything
in your life will ever prepare you for
the moment of trying one of those
toilets if you set that pressure too
high yeah you've scout for life for me
to get out of this hotel I have to go to
the 35th floor then change elevators and
then go down to the bottom floor we're
ever going to meet a driver who's going
to take me to a destination which is
gonna stop what we're doing today which
even right now I don't think I can fully
explain so hopefully there's a
professional there to do it for me I
think I do a disservice Hotel is insane
but this is now my driver to get me to
where I need to go - how's it going man
Tom so I have made it to where I need to
be and they were like first left other
kind of left looks like I'm in the
middle of nowhere I think I'm going this
way it did just make me seem like I was
going this way so that's what I'm doing
sad news I just need to report I bumped
into Mike fair crowds which is not the
sad news apparently Vic Starr and zuko
were here and I've just missed them good
I think I'm going that way right I've
read the doc so let me try and explain
again what I'm doing now where I'm going
into this building right let me explain
one thing as well
there's a thing called then a black and
then a black II like the blackest of
black which is that black that if you
put it into a round room like a round
sphered room and you stood in it you
wouldn't see anything and it would feel
like you're in space it you'd be in like
a blackout now I'm going playing
blackout in the middle of a room that's
kind of like spherically bill with a
gaming setup in it
playing blackout so it'll feel or should
feel like I'm in space that sounds weird
but I read the dark a million times just
to explain it to you so it should feel
like I'm seeing my infinite darkness
rather than a wall being right there in
front of me it will look like infinite
darkness now I don't think the camera
will pick this up or I'm gonna go see
what it's like so
I think I just explained that great way
so this is the space and that's where
it's gonna go down so I'm gonna drop the
phone right now I'm gonna switch to this
camera oh that's kind of cool yeah okay
but sick wait am I supposed to turn it
on or we just push it like it just to it
oh yeah my mind's playing tricks on me
this is next-level technology right here
this is like Elon Musk sending stuff to
to the to the moon I swear it felt like
someone was turning to me Oh many other
dogs let's go dr. rebound
that's one kill okay there we go but
that's an enemy dog not mine did someone
just hacked my dog I swear I can hear
someone breathing over there is there
someone in here camera guy is there
someone over there I swear I can hear
something
wait I swept me this room's that dark I
swear there's someone there wait isn't
it now I feel like I'm about to get John
was gay you're breathing I can hear over
there mate this room is absolutely
playing tricks on me oh my gosh that was
crazy
feel like I'm going insane I thought
that was a prank I'm not joking I
thought there was someone else in there
Hey yeah gg gg I went the 1310 nice
welcome to behind the scene
of professional camera shoes this is Tom
he's he's being camera guy right now
which convenience call tom Oh creepy
does this look you don't said it's like
hard for me to explain I don't even know
if the camera can pick up what it's
actually like being in there because
it's like a spherical room with the
darkness right I thought someone was in
the corner was about to jump scare me
because the sound because that's because
the way the room is like laid out I
could hear him breathing there in front
of me but it sounded like it was over
there so I thought someone was gonna
jump out at me I thought they might I
thought like a zombie to scare me so
they're so yeah ready so this is inside
the room but imagine that not being
turned on all it is is just a dark room
that you hear the echo is because it's
so tightly compact this scream like book
you can't see the edges of the TV you
can't see where the darkness of the
black of the TV at the black of the wall
like starts or ends it's because this
room is so Dubois then it it just feels
like you're honestly it's quite
impressive it feels like you're floating
in speck welcome here inside a chair but
it feels like you're floating in just
nothingness and it's like infinite so
when they said to me it's like always
into the darkness it truly truly does
it's weird it's how people to be able to
understand it but it's crazy
Oh Dom's doing his little team photo
shoot so proud of himself all in a good
day's work Jase yeah there's some health
and safety issues going on there this is
a win ribeye steak cut into slices I
love it don't even act like you don't
love it this is great we got the
Parmesan cheap way don't make me look at
this calamari we got cheese Parmesan
sticks we've got chicken wings
however know what that is introduce
yourself what's your name what you do
for a living eating
content guru introduce yourself what you
do that was a great conversation Wow
so much room for activity back here guys
Jonathan I have to say this is the man
right
who's responsible for me being in this
hotel you are an absolute living legend
so rather than going out anywhere
tonight it was like we need to go back
to the hotel bar come here and I will
buy a drink this is just insane look at
that though the view like I'll get a
better view later on but look at that a
lighted or bridge
you've got the Tower of London over
there Tower Bridge insane would you like
a scan me for 20 pounds oh hey it's your
round of it is it your round
you don't know what my real number is do
you no no no - nice one and to that I
say to a great successful event to not
pay the bill - okay boys guys what is it
let me feel your fire with my hot air
balloon thing good health happiness and
two great memories guys Cheers
I don't like this he must last words
right there after I driving that drink
it was incredibly strong and it hit me
like a brick wall to the point where I
was like I'm gonna bed and so I went and
went to bed so I cannot say thank you
enough to Activision track or invite me
down to London to do that like I haven't
yet checked the footage from the other
camera which I'm gonna import in now and
see if it works but it was such a fun
experience I really enjoyed it honestly
such a fun fun event to go down to
especially seeing all the homies I just
can't thank everyone off the UK team is
amazing and I can't wait to work with
them again in the future but amazing
amazing trip guys thank you very much
for watching I hope you did enjoy this
vlog like I said in this book you know I
want to be doing like you know random
sporadic trips that I've forward an
exciting and then rather than having the
days where it's like oh dude no for
today do nothing to do nothing today you
guys don't have to like be bored by that
content and instead it can just be fun
and fresh and if there is a day where I
just want to sit around and just talk
like this to you guys for 20 minutes
from blog then that's what I'll do so
I'm just excited for the future of this
channel two days until blackouts here
gonna be daily streaming really looking
forward to that it's gonna pretty much
take over my life and I am so ready for
it like I've never been so ready to to
put pause other projects to take on
something as big as this cuz like all
these zombie maps dropping on day one is
just mental and I just don't know how
I'm gonna do it to be on there so we
just have to wait and say hi around
zombies here we come I'm looking forward
to it I hope you guys are as well so I'm
gonna end today's vlog thank you very
much for watching make sure you leave a
like right subscribe and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next day
vlog so until then
well 7 p.m. ish know I'll see you guys
then so I love you Olivia and I said yes
