another day it's another day in paradise
but I am still it was hell and today's
the one day that we're not gonna be
riding the bikes instead of traveling
off like two hours on the bike being
absolutely exhausted which might be like
what's so tiring about that is just
mentally draining because you can't
switch off you know you're getting back
crashes and stuff for that thought we're
getting picked up to go and see the
elephants we've got picked up by this
legend here I don't really know what
we're doing today cuz there's a few
different selections and we get there we
can get a zoo happens it's a boy Jeff
just found this see Bali like never
before or you can jump in a helicopter
and fly over a volcano
I'm all for a volcano but if that
crashed down chaos Oh half we don't have
feathers oh that one's food I wasn't
even aware of this I'm just going
through Google looking at my laws and
stuff father and one of the laws is
there is no drink driving limit here so
you can actually drink drive which
obviously it's cheaper you just never do
or there's actually no legal limit if
the plate says it's the police point you
open it can be like we don't like we're
gonna find you but then it also it says
like NAB Senate the police here like
corrupt in the sense of rather than
sending you to jail they'll just take a
bribe we'll just take cash of you down
and then and let you go what fellas
crazy
oh I'm gonna be that bali FM on
we think Jeff
little bit so no pun take oh I wanna go
can you find a waterfall today please
today
geez these are proper rice paddy fields
this is absolutely gorgeous and you know
engulfed in culture right now Wow we
have proper in the jungle right now I've
got 20 minutes to go until we see one
big past from Japan there's like little
temples and shrines hidden everywhere in
this forest
this is the police around here probably
carrying guns carry knives we go we've
almost made it Jeff keep your oh yes
there's an elephant sign yes
Oh crossing dogs here are chickens
elephants are on the road I would love
to just see an elephant cross the road
now it would make my day
yeah but how good is that sign Mason
elephant park
hour and a half later we have made it to
the park that was one hell of a journey
oh just please got four and a half stars
mmm
boys been a dan Bilzerian if I don't
have a photo like this by the end of the
day I'm gonna be very disappointed
and this TripAdvisor review is going
down to one staff I honestly thought
that this trip was gonna end up with us
not doing it very very excited I don't
know it's the first thing I want to see
you and I walked into an elephant like
Safari thing is a dead one hmm that's a
revealing picture definitely digging
this jungle vibe out of fun toes
I'm literally filming an elephant put
all my gosh this splash back haha
it's two floats I got my entertainment
for the day watching elephant poo it was
massive
a little cannonballs anyway this is the
elephant cleft a bit Sven it's been nice
everything is obviously everything's
this looks quite nice food today we've
got the choice of a massive buffet Oh
ice ice a masterful I think it ends oh
no no no it's quite big Kotik so we've
got some rice some vegetable rice some
salted vegetables some what am I on the
vegetable side because I know every yo
chicken in candlenut sauce hmm Indian
beef that seems like that would make me
call it I'll still try it X Ritter
barbecue chicken wing and fishin brochet
broke a Roche annaclaire some pancakes
some fruit
I'm sure that is fruit fruit slices I
think I may have found my cure for being
ill chicken soup that's the one thing
everyone tells you to eat when you've
got like a bathroom it looks pretty
interesting but ye who I was sat in
lunch and I've just seen this that is so
cute I'm gonna sit there and hopefully
not get shouted at my gosh look at it
what's his name Ola Oh
oh my gosh nice joke you this is a
bamboo Oh coconuts them your little
hoarder just collected everything what
did it I'm 8 years old Wow is it a girl
or a boy a girl Wow
good girl little fuddling collection of
little sticks oh it's like oh oh my gosh
that song is absolutely check that crush
Oh God
the moment he ran out of food she
started walking off she was like you're
no good for me what a beast meanwhile
Jeff and I were just out there you guys
want to stay don't do nothing you stare
down and do nothing I'm coming back to
Bali and I'm planning the most
action-packed adventure ever I'm like
I'm having like every day like a
decision of what I'm gonna do where I'm
gonna do it and all that sort stuff now
that I know this helicopter tours
whitewater rapids all that sort of stuff
I'm coming back and I'm doing it
properly welcome to our elephant park we
are a century not a zoo please do not
compare it's a fiery at taro but boo
with any of a facility in India
generalizing each elephant place is
wrong and criticism should be confined
to true facts not internet gossip or
personal vendettas by certain people and
internet trolls baby but that baby's
probably 15 years old the smile
oh my gosh imagine if it steals his
dreadlocks wait what wait wait wait like
what if I watch it right now what is
going on oh you better know I'm getting
a bucket full of food I'm feeding it
elephant
Oh could I say hello oh that feels weird
missile food oh he dropped it
Wow Oh some more okay this is just
strange wait come up a bit hello a
little bit more oh my gosh I feel like
oh my gosh this thing just eats oh it's
strong it's like really muscle it whoa
whoa chill out wait oh just got my
basket it feels so hello
Hey look at this little nose come on
thank you oh my gosh he's caught as well
hey this is a well-fed animal oh my gawd
me hello Oh some more oh it's gonna push
you up oh look at you hey I still got
more that good good
oh no you wanna good good you can feed
the baby
I can go feed that baby oh okay you can
have one more okay bye bye I'm going
feeding the baby oh my gosh Oh
thank you oh my good sorry five oh
you're right there Emily you love it
it just it just keeps eating it's crazy
oh my gosh that feels so strange no you
said it way too fast
Oh tsunami yeah that thing is leaking oh
my gosh no I don't see that
okay now no food I'm sorry bye-bye
oh look at this one no no it's it feels
like like hard hard rubber but like
hairy like a bristly brush hello
wonderful er my hand and this one she's
like she's like why would I take this
one when I've got like six feet on the
floor I thought you were big oh my gosh
he's just cruising in this one thank you
mini tusks oh really oh wow that isn't
me I wish I had my wide-angle lens
they're just way too big to fit in I
believe we're about to wash this
elephant okay oh my oh my gosh that is a
big unit eyes is a major unit it'll give
you a nice little gentle massage yes
gentle gentle massage I like I like how
I got the back end of it so in case it
poos it's like right on my camera keys
clean the trunk oh yeah I don't wanna
get her in our eyes hello oh my gosh
how old's this one
31 oh my gosh Daisy you are an old
little beast Wow
flippin heck what a beautiful little
beast a 31 years old I can definitely
say you look amazing
this is so awesome you know all the
personalities what's Daisy like she all
she does is eat like a typical woman oh
I'm all for this gift store I'm just
trying to want work out why does the
sink in the god this makes no sense I
was saying to Jeff yes we're going to
open a gift shop but we nine need 19
thousand million items that are themed
elephant and chocolate
we have elephant magnets these these
these we even have elephants hanging
from the sky would you look at that we
were done there would an elephant's
wooden elephant chopsticks
elephant funds elephant whisky flasks
elephants elephants that wasn't intense
to look at when you walk to look at the
size of this one flippin heck is that
real oh that better not be a baby 100 is
that a month okay I think that's
actually an elephant that's a fake
mammoth and that's a fake baby mama okay
I feel least I feel better about myself
now okay well you can understand why I
actually thought that was an actual
elephant
ganya that was a new mistake by me I'll
take full responsibility I'm sorry
the jawbone of an elephant becoming
teeth the ass I can't believe we
actually managed to do this we booked it
last night we had no idea of whether it
was gonna go through on a and lo and
behold we did it
Emily's a legend for organizing it it
took us like nearly two hours to get
here it's peak traffic time it's
probably takes about five to get home so
let's go where's my guy ah here he is
LLL come to strawberry
Wow nice board sugar
two hours later we are home sweet home
we made it back and I don't want the
pond is now well actually the plan is I
need to get my vlog edited I didn't do
it overnight last night I just got it I
went straight to bed so let's get this
good no these maids crush clean in this
room every single day bed looks
absolutely spotless sitting here might
seem like a nice cool little idea you
know is what it's used for but uh yeah
there's so many mosquitoes I wish I
could just kind of close the door on
this section
I look down at my keyboard and I never
friend excuse me thank you oh well
played
whoa almost this lizard or a gecko isn't
it
ah the edit continues and I'm being
surrounded there's not only one there's
two Jef and Emily at eating next door
and I'm sick of third wheel in some site
here at it in my vlog and I've had food
delivered oh my gosh it looks incredible
Wow thank you so much my lizard friends
still chillin the edits almost finished
and I've had steak delivered to my door
with a bit yeah the third wheel ins been
just getting a little too much like I
came on the holiday to kick it with Jeff
and I'm not saying this in like a bean
way like I don't like him but she's
amazing she didn't so good like filming
for me and stuffing like really cool
about that but it's just like I was
coming out here to just like kick it
with Jeff and go riding to do this we're
gonna do that but I think Jeff's a
little bit wolf and he's like oh the big
deal three others tired to hold hands
and all that sort of stuff and I'm just
like you know what like I'm only here
for a short amount of time they're here
for a long time so I just leave them to
do their own little thing a bit well
I've only got one day left and I'll be
God
I don't be going out to LA so I'm just
that letting them upload a little
romantic dinner night tonight
I've got mistake but I've got me at it
lizard update one two three four I'm
like a little lizard whisperer camera if
he's ever been a time I need you to
focus
it's right out
my god but I heard something religion
like look at the size of that look at
the size of that lizard look at my hand
well I've always got no tail it looks
like Steve like with his cool wow what
is always tails always just recently
come off wait is it dog oh no sir
it's the dog on who says wall no yeah
there's a dog oh my god
it's terrifying oh that makes me really
sad though that means like I heard that
I think I heard the dog chase it and
that means he dropped his tail cuz I
look like a fresh tail fell off I walked
in to get a beer and I'm walking and see
these guys stop watching shroud
do you like shroud do you like him loses
his phone this is your phone
you know shroud no you don't that's road
is this twitch yeah
what that's amazing ah that's the sort
of situations I'm used to get myself
into a holiday bump into random people
everybody shout out at me like we could
have been we could have been anywhere
right now
and they could have been like working I
do it anything but I happen to walk next
door to see the Wizard of Oz it's
actually real there is a frog that is a
frog I guarantee that's it whoa mate
there's so many Hannibal's around oh
look at the colours of it Jeff make it
looks like a bearded dragon whoa this is
behind the scenes of the editing wizard
we're trying to get the photos of the
Hat coming out June 15th by the way snow
trying to get like cool a shot
you look good but yeah he's a good kid
the backdrop is friggin beautiful oh my
God look at it
it's fake
