before today's vlog starts guys I got
something to let you know about if you
guys want to grab yourself something
from Civic original comm you always see
me rapping we're running a limited time
discount code if you'd to be able to get
free domestic shipping and if you're
like what the heck is domestic shipping
if you're from the UK and order from the
UK you don't pay shipping if you from
the US and live in the u.s. you also
don't pay shipping to everyone else in
the world I'm sorry you're still playing
it well if you guys wanna grab yourself
anything off the website a shirt a
poster anything any of the swag online
you guys can use the code free shipping
eighteen and get a free delivery for
your faces so if it's ever been holding
you back in the past now's the time to
do it only got about twenty four more
hours of the code being valid so if you
want to get something get it now said to
go regional comm link in the description
what was it interesting night sleep
there was lots of wild animals in this
area making noises so that was
interesting but aside from that there
was also the fact that my knee was so
painful throughout the night doesn't
look too bad actually I thought it'd be
a lot more swollen but this thing is all
enlarged like look like I've got a
second kneecap attached everyone here is
just stupidly friendly like I came next
door and the guy I was having my
conversation with yesterday psalmody was
like you crush I was like yeah she
brought me some ice some antiseptic
cream
listen bandages a nice guy good morning
doggy Oh
three eggs two slices of bacon and some
random standing because medical purposes
everyone can see one pin on my leg
applying antiseptic cream to be wounds I
was a very lovely breakfast at Joshua
district time for a shower and once
we've got the scare out of the way
we begin the journey of maybe a haircut
and maybe a new bike
what's my confidence level not very high
that doesn't look too fresh
this is gonna be my I think fourth or
fifth day in a row trying to go and get
my hair cut so let's see if this can
actually happen I have high hopes such
high hopes I can't believe there's only
one barbers in the entirety of barley
which I know it's not true but it feels
like it gear oh wait a minute wait wait
wait wait wait I forgot a part 1 of 3 of
my keys I'm gonna take these pliers real
quick then give it any much well I just
set off got halfway I was like God I did
my piece of paper for like when I rented
it I'm gonna read the piece of paper it
says if you damage any part of it the
customer will own a liability up to a
hundred to two hundred dollars so I'm
really hoping that's all they're gonna
charge me bought we then have the
problem don't we over I don't have one
hundred two hundred dollars like I don't
even have that in there money simply
because hey pretty good so I don't have
to go there but I listen I'll wire it to
you or something like that I will come
back and I'll get Jeff to pay for it but
I simply do not have 100 200 dollars to
be able to pay them wish me luck
fifth time's a charm
this took five days to get going but
we're finally here
healthy as long as you as long as you
don't make me look bald we'll be good
man thank you very very happy thank you
with the absolute way oh my god I feel
like a new human being finally got the
haircut done so that's a good start of
the day on to the next thing like just I
put the most words right to book get the
bike company over here and solve this
out oh yeah some idiot crashed into my
bike you know need to pay fine hurr hurr
hurr got no card cam pea so this was my
original scuba D whoop and we're
switching out for another scuba D woof
which i think is the exact same they're
just gonna work out right now like how
much it's gonna cost and now I just get
another bike for the day got me up with
Jeff and then it hopefully you've got
enough time God see something keys so
yes this yeah it's straight in it yeah
and then the key anything else service
so yeah so for three three things and
the service week all right so that's
charge me like 50 credits and all that
so hopefully that's okay honestly I
really thought that was gonna be a place
where they try and sting tourists not
where you end up paying like a thousand
oh hello 20,000 yeah thank you so I
really felt that was gonna be like a
thousand pound flatus more that 50 quid
I love how these are actually absolute
vodka balls
yeah it's best you'll get drunk of it
one successful bike trip later I am home
sweet home I'm home oh is that my boy
give give lady going avenge my gonna be
the season monkeys
I was prepared with one GoPro just end
it with one GoPro full batteries 18
Deacon's and I raise you one working
case yeah
now what oh you got to see where you got
free guy coming for food Jeff do you
think we should adopt him what should we
call him though this isn't no I think he
deserves more of a nice name than rabies
I reckon we should call him I don't know
totte yeah Tiger Tigger Tigger Tigger
Jeff is over here being like do I have
to wear a helmet because look my dog got
ticket today I might do that crash
tonight yesterday we're your goddamn
helmet
oh we're blessed didn't Cheers Oh mate
please just stay on it for today all
right we made it to the temple oh wait
you see we made it to the temple stoked
what yeah obviously need a t-shirt to go
in with I didn't know that honest I
don't what t-shirt so I'm just gonna
quickly go on the street go buy one but
this might be my opportunity to buy like
a proper outfit like look no that's
clear like a woman's dress in front of
us boy if I can get someone like that oh
my god you know like a male like Asian
outfit I gonna buy the hot as well I'm
totally buying the Hat I think I might
have found it what do you think Wow
maybe it's made for people do you have a
smaller size you know I think I do but
like I'm you know don't fit this but yo
check the collarbone out boys let's go
they have it in they have in blue
well you prefer white you said the light
Wyatt
yes yeah I think this is a bit too much
yesterday was my day that just didn't go
right today's my day let's just go in as
well oh I feel so much better today
seriously I thought the difference a
haircut can make you know what I feel
like you know the The Simpsons episode
where Homer gets so far that he has to
wear that dress I feel like that but hey
man don't judge its 2018 okay
2018 do whatever you want so after two
days of trying may I welcome you to the
monkey ten
there's getting myself a ticket meet up
with mr. Jaffe in sad
oh there's strict guidelines dude do not
panic well I feel like if you're
panicking you're already running but do
not panic do not run do not look at the
monkeys in the I couldn't do me knowing
that when I went to Hong Kong but but
excuse me
okay then I could have done with knowing
that when I was out in Hong Kong with
Lydia when we were walking through the
thousand buddha temple and I was staring
him at the eye and they were like trying
to kill me so no no okay so let's stand
the watch from oh my gosh this is
amazing
look at this oh no there's all these
guys about get robbed okay if he's
terrified okay I've got to watch out
because apparently they steal sunglasses
for fallen and they're actually
absolutely every I'll meet know what's
going on well at first I was looking at
this because these monkeys I grabbed in
this woman's boobs and then all mate you
stay away from me I'm going I'm off wait
um how you totally think you actually
can't see any and like everything's okay
and then next minute like six Oh what
you know what
oh no is the monkeys in you I know
not expecting this hello monkeys pretty
cool little temple I want to say this is
man-made because that looks like
concrete but you know Oh mother of
monkeys they're everywhere they're
absolutely everywhere jiff jiff ingest
I'm but the way when I giggle in I'm not
giggling like laughing at the culture I
just think it is quite amusing like wait
look at these faces that's amazing like
actually I can't even run I know the
sign said don't run but I can't because
of my knee
I'm gonna get my body by monkeys what
I'd love a tree like that in my garden I
know what kind of wouldn't fit in with
the area but how cool would that be
hello monkey oh absolutely panicked
something fell on me what's going on am
I here what are you doing
woof you Nick there you little rascal oh
my gosh look at the little baby oh oh I
think it's gonna be glass Oh a minute
he set the wings of somebody sunglasses
is that's the lens of someone's
sunglasses forgot we were gonna see cute
baby monkeys like I thought we were
always seeing but I don't want kids I
like big and nasty and but the babies
you are also quite a little small monkey
aren't you I'm not sure you're a baby
but I hope turn the trees boys there in
the trees there's a monkey right what's
wrong oh oh oh we're going sick
oh god I'm walking into the wrong
neighborhood hey guys don't jump on me
okay thanks bye
Oh little baby how close can I get oh my
goodness me are you sick little baby no
oh no you get ahead of me oh there's one
there you don't want to be underneath it
so they poop on you yep I think this is
it I think this is it
it looks like something straight out
like a Mayan temple this is like the
halfway point and still no sign of Jeff
not too sure whether I should go that
way and try and find him
I should go this way and try and find
him you
yeah okay so here we see a wild hasn't
noticed we are following I'm sure he'll
turn around this baby's coming
the moms like can you just stay away
from them but the baby I want to go and
see them oh my gosh show an emotion oh
my god hello they're not even real he's
blind he's in rehab oh that's cause
hello to Nelson oh he's blind always
finding one eye okay one eyes Oh both
eyes they're just all wild in the jungle
that's like an avatar sized tree Wow oh
these monkeys up there though hello oh
he's big wow he's big
hello
hello I sat down to become friends with
this one and then all of a sudden this
one's appeared and that looks like the
one that's gonna kill Oh should I be
worried that that's a firearm or am I
good oh no things that things are gonna
go things are gonna go south so quick oh
Emily whatever you do what did you do
do you see I'm worried that like one's
just about so like assassinate me Emily
what look at that is just straight
favoritism I like how you just found
like your natural calling in life the
monkey whisperer Jeff is so in the zone
right now
these monkeys just having a scrap in
front of them oh that coconut just fell
from the tree so hard it Neil it nearly
landed on you yeah that was two steps
away that would have hurt oh no now I'm
scared
there's definitely monkey loosening them
does he know what coconut tree though oh
you had a near-death experience but what
do you think of the Monkey Temple oh
yeah I've already had mine you had a
coconut Lee fall on your head
Emily maybe you should get off the boat
before you say where's my near-death
experience no just saying what do you
think of it Jeff I liked it
yeah I love it we actually set off
somewhere I'm sorry
boom done yeah I think I can take this
off now I only bought this because you
guys challenged me all right
I class that man haha this is the guy
was like you need your two shirts going
so like be right back
that's bullshit what do you think pulled
out you like it felt like it was about
time to have a t-shirt change it I've
got a little tank top would be a little
elephant on it I say little I'm pretty
sure its massive and it's a god tomorrow
so we're now gonna go and check out this
a cool building we warp us yesterday and
we didn't have time to eat yeah see what
it's like this is where we're going and
apparently this is happening outside
right now I don't know if we can walk
past them to get inside or oh I'm all
about this oh yes
yeah it's maybe not so spiritual but
sure upstairs just like kind of a
restaurant this has got more restaurant
vibes
I love this happy morning a new day
happy Cunningham day oh we have to
google that I've been wanting to know
what what everyone's been celebrating
all day we saw like a parade going
through the street there's thousands of
people going through there's a spa built
into the restaurant
wow this place us food from all over the
world so I'm gonna go for Indonesian
seafood that sounds pretty incredible do
a refresh in my mind I am going to get
to traditional Thai iced tea I'm a film
my food and then once I've done that and
put my phone down for the rest of the
thing I just need to switch off my mind
and chill out and I'm very tempted to
get a massage so I will show you the
food that we get just so you can see
like true Indonesian food and then after
that Jeff got Buster and we got lasagna
I got Indonesian seafood I've drank like
three bottles of water there's so much
more hydrated but no idea what oh this
is tuna steak
wow that's good wow that's good I'm
assuming these are like spicy prawns
wish me luck Wow thank you
oh that is so cool oh I want this in my
house I totally go for like a house like
this instead of mine I just love like
the Asian viable beautiful that is a lot
of hues this is the second time we've
returned to this place which is supposed
to be like a super busy market like this
is supposed to be like brimming with
just loads of people and stuff like that
but I'm pretty sure that because it's
that celebration day that all these
things are closed so unfortunately
another day of no no no crazy market
that was what we came for
and as you detail that's not exactly
that's a bit more impressive than just
the kids walking drumming
coming home day I'm not sure how Jeff
ended up following the dragon but he did
dude you're in the front of it um go on
Jeff lot this is a bit of a random
scenario I definitely can say that my
name is Tom and I'm documenting this in
case you never see me again
this is the the spa that we're looking
to go into through with the temple wall
into a garden okay Emily's turning round
what is what okay Emily that was a great
amount of feedback there um yeah this
definitely doesn't feel like a spa just
gonna set up right now chief what is
Jeff yeah great I'm leading the charge
we're Jeff everything seemed fine about
this massage and tell us saw the picture
on the wall oh yeah hmm
we're officially travelers we walk down
a dark alleyway for a frame for a cheap
massage you said you want to go you're
from New York you're used to walking
down now cause I'd like show it over I'm
getting a hot stone massage but it's
like a request high medium or deep
pressure I got hit by a bike I'm going
some of the boats pressure possible 165
which works out as $12 SEC for an hour
and a half Wow see you in one hour and a
half trying to get like that broken body
feeling flushed out my system hey I am
so lubed up right now from the aisle if
I got into another bike crash I probably
just slide along the floor me but I tell
you what that was really nice hot rock
massage hit the spa that that right
there is exactly what
and my body just feels like looser
fresher like I was just so pent like
just Pento pretension I just feel like
nice and loose like for like ride that
much that I need to get my side just way
more often I feel good I'm never gonna
judge a dark alleyway the same when
walking to a massage parlor like look at
what we were walk through to get into it
we just read this sign it was like yeah
it's a massage just randomly in this but
I think it's I think these are like
people's houses a feelings then you feel
nice and soft
no you told me you do actually no boy
does it feel so nice to be getting on a
bike with a key that works
oh yeah oh okay
okay and this is this is another WTF
moment in Bali what in the actual
oops it's going on here there's like 20
people
I don't know Jeff oh that doesn't seem
illegal I totally totally health and
safety standards where is he taking that
many people
oh my god it's completely filled
that's amazing and I'm assuming Jessica
tell us we've gone the wrong way let's
find out mm-hmm Jeff you by any chance
come to run with me about to run out of
fuel so if Jeff keeps taking over these
wild goose chases I knew I knew we
weren't going in the right place
time to fire me some sketchy ass gasps
oh my god that's my shoe oh yeah hello
oh yeah this good stuff yeah don't drink
it yeah don't drink it no no all right
back in action if Jeff takes me on
another goose chase you know what at
least I've got fuel thank you all the
best bye bye bye bye yeah
mate why are we not bar hopping I know I
just said about like not whites drink
out of which that smoothies like come on
okay is this Jeff Jeff what where you go
Jeff oh my god I like how I beat into
the destination I don't even know what
it was going you know if I come back I'm
staying here I love the villa I love the
villa like ten times more than this book
if I'm coming back oh my gosh yeah I
want to stay here this hotel is so big
like this is just oh my god is this even
necessary oh yeah would you help have
you seen the size of that five that's
that's a big-ass bug being near the
water is never a good idea so you need
some bugger off gentle mixture of
powerful essential oils to deter
annoying insects okay last time I use
this I got bit like three four times so
I'm gonna cover myself in it
Jeff just discovered invisible ink on
the iPhone it's pretty good am i walking
into a toilet or somewhere where I'm
gonna get murdered there is this yo I
cannot believe that after the Wi-Fi
issue I didn't just come here and book
into this place this is one of the rooms
of the bars in the W Hotel in Bali oh my
goodness me there's a bar down here
there's a DJ booth and all of us down
here as well it's the two stories with
big-ass bums
look at this staircase what I am
definitely coming back and staying here
oh my gas masks to protect me from
pollution in Valley oh it just looks
like I've got either stupidest fancy
neckerchiefs ever or just an app giving
up Germanic it's pretty much just a map
camera around my neck okay and the
moment of truth Jeff wait evil that's
what this carry I've got it or it isn't
your bag is it actually it
I just said to him do you have the key
and he didn't say anything and then just
came over with a key thank you sir
what they do here is the walk round cuz
it's so common apparently for people to
walk around and leave your keys in so
the security guys walk around and
collect the keys bite down the license
plates on it and then like when they see
people going to it they hand in hand it
but this is like
what a sausage we've not even out driven
out more than two feet from the parking
spot he's already got the roadway
oh I open that door for one second to
get into this room and the amount
whiskey I was that followed me in his
ridiculous is about a thousand in there
I need to turn that light off
immediately to it not trapped anymore
cuz the metal door slides they can just
sneak through it this cough just needs
to go I honestly think it's the
pollution
I like when I'm like somewhere fresh and
like a break-in and the road
Hadj hey I'm gonna try and outro the
vlog now without coughing too much and
say thank you for watching I hope you
enjoyed it if you did make sure you
click that like button it looks like a
thumb like this subscribe if you haven't
done so already and by that I mean if
you're watching this video right now on
the subscribe button says subscribe not
subscribed then make sure you make a
youtube account click Subscribe it'll
turn into subscribed a lot of ding dong
notification Bell turn up next to it
click that to get all the notifications
and when I post a new video and
hopefully I will see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog so
let's hope that sometime thank you very
much for watching guys I really
appreciate taking your time out your day
to just like tune in watch the videos
and you know all that jazz don't forget
if you guys want to get yourself a
Cintiq original t-shirt will be down
below usual code free shipping 18 it's
probably the best ever time to get
yourself Fisher because who wants to pay
shipping I don't that's why I get Amazon
Prime and all that stuff so get some
shirt get it ordered tweet me picture
when you receive it I'll be sure to
retweet it I know I always get stuffy at
the end of the vlogs I truly appreciate
all the old school longtime users have
been following me for the longest time I
appreciate so much that you guys are
wouldn't be like doing what I'm doing
today
it's all the new people thank you for
tuning in on this journey this is my
life I'm gone Tom again to buy crash
easily with my credit card and I'm just
on random trips in Bali so thank you
it means a lot that you chose to you
know follow someone's life and out of
all those people's lives you could
choose you chose mine so honestly from
the bottom my heart I love you all I
appreciate it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
much love and a setting us
what the hell is that
