yeess time for an adventure
Ready Set oh that's dangerous you're not
going to see much you're about the next
two hours because we're gonna be riding
quite far away to go to a place called
omnia I did try and get my hair cut this
morning but didn't work out too well
not in the essence of like you cooked my
hair but it's just in the essence of the
guys then I was like can you cut my hair
he's like no I'm hungry bye yeah this
this just doesn't feel sketchy this fuel
doesn't feel like it's been siphoned or
anything like that you know but feet
till dramatic it's where we're looking
for some cream and I'm hot and sweaty
okay this is a proper person's cream but
I'm lazy I like this break kind of cream
SPF 110 it just it just seems too much
good always fresh fruit look at all
these fresh pastries two hours later
yeah this place looks dope this pretty
cool will come chill this is Oh Alan
have mother trucking yes I just look
like a little sweaty potato up to our I
was a hot sweaty polluted and I got
helmet hair oh my gosh look at this this
is quite literally the coolest club I've
ever seen in my life
welcome ah
Wow Wow if this isn't goals I don't know
it's now this oh my gosh I didn't even
know there was a swimmer bother swim
pads you can sit on so sick yes yes yes
yes add more yes I guarantee this views
about to be absolutely no oh oh my God
look how clear that water is now this is
the destination to come and spend your
day look at that I usually just go wow
wow wow it's tough I'm actually lost for
words right now that's one of the most
beautiful things I've ever seen in my
life
Wow get the VIP booth be your own little
mini Buddha I'm sick is that I see
movement it ha ha ha ha
Oh Jeff oh yes dear yes dear
Oh My lordy yes I've not eaten anything
all day I'm on the struggle bus right
now
underneath booed inside me you did good
chess oh yeah you did good dude it real
good all right Jeff's literally tripping
balls about how this is a little baby
this is a baby Wagyu burger or slider
it's now turned into photo shoot time
Jeff's got his camera do some shots and
then I like how she's like wearing like
all this my oh yeah looks nice I'm just
promoting a t-shirt so hey man gonna get
the shot there's so many drunk
Australian people down there right now
that I'm absolutely loving it did you
get the shot why can't you make me look
like that but you need a lot more ass
that's like life of Tom 2.0 that's life
of Tom 2.0 right yes Oh Jeff do you
think you have a hard life on a scale of
1 to 10 how much do you hate your job
you're stressed he's stressed out being
in a location like this and shooting
Emily
cool and then I'm really glad we came
here but at the same time I really sat
because I thought if someone's gonna sat
down here and I'll buy this is most
magical spot of the world cuz imagine
just being Santa film watching the
sunset along the ocean of the amazing
for the sunset oh man mate they totally
put this building in the wrong location
oh my god god damn it's like well you
can't see this are you telling Jeff
Passan mirror Oh Jeff sir yeah
put the pressure on both ends pauses no
liquid to go out of the straw tell you I
think guys is the magic trick more like
a science experiment
I thought you pretty good 5 and 0 just
like hey my life instead of do it that's
why you're not a magician
alright so magical aah screaming how
much is it three points what cat games
location of day this place becomes a
whole new spot at night check it out
what this is open till 11 p.m.
look at all the colors this is crazy
I don't have a super bitch to the one
versity violet you do me where are you
from
I shot your sister Oh my sister Lucy man
she loved you we FaceTime oh yeah I'm so
sorry the signal was terrible I couldn't
say hi book I can't believe I bumped
into a guy from Scotland absolutely
Harry and Lucy magic much love I am so
good I'm really good to believe in a
book I tell you all it was worth it
amazing amazing cool spot glad we came
I'm just sad that we didn't get to see
the sunset okay I love this place
the one thing I can't wrap my head
around is why a skewers not bigger in
other countries you know like imagine
these in LA everyone to get everyone
Welker even in like London and stuff
like that get rid of the cars and get
skewers come to the bridge tal this is
where is it an entire Lane just the
bikes like actually just the bikes it's
kind of crazy cuz look it goes all the
way down and then go through this and
then you're the grapes 15 minutes to me
like
shit's crazy I hear there's a baby on a
pike watch there's a big
but we're making babies on a bike
how's your ride going so far terrifying
Oh
hi and welcome to book reading with top
I want to read a book
but if a game
Hey I don't speak Cantonese I don't
speak Indonesian this is a hell of an
adventure in it long ass ride dude as a
seriously long ride we're made it and
we're going to a place called crusts is
this an Italian place I come we come all
the way to Bali we're eating pizza hi I
believe it is alright let's give it a go
you came all the way to Bali to come to
an Italian restaurant so just have a
Margherita beat so you've not even spicy
up a bit just that guy and is this from
a true New Yorker yeah actually that
good well it's good
it's amazing we talked about tell me
that doesn't look good
teller doesn't look good okay yeah bet
you wouldn't stop looking at them lizard
oh don't over the way yes yes hello my
friend he's so cute
you know well I'm gonna give it an eight
and a half out of ten I mean that's a
pretty good rate I am not staying
another night in this hotel room like it
was nice it is it's lovely
absolutely lovely but it's on the main
road at night it's just raging everyone
screaming skewers revving everything
it's too loud it's too much I don't want
anything to do with it it's like listen
this is me trying to be in bed with the
door locked trying to sleep all you can
do is just hear this base and it's
Rumble and it's noise and I just
honestly might look at it
it's not even a big far it's just that
little square with all the vocals just
coming getting drunk and rowdy as hell
nope do you think I possibly caught the
Sun look at that tan line from my watch
that's stupid and switching hands are a
bit super comfy hotel super clean hotel
just not very soundproof windows so five
are dead so this sucks but I'm currently
rendering my video out from yesterday in
720p now if you watch my vlogs you all
know yes I do fill my iPhone and it
looks like a potato
ah-ha-ha-ha-ha thanks guys appreciate
that boy I'm happy doing 1080p I usually
have pretty good internet wherever I am
or average internet Colima video upload
you know overnight whilst I'm on holiday
or anything that but unfortunately
internet is so bad here in Bali that
yesterday's vlog was rendered out in
720p and I'm hoping that it makes a
massive difference to the upload speed
because it should the file should
practically be half the size of a
standard video so when this bad boy
finishes rendering I'm gonna try and
upload it on the hotel Wi-Fi see if that
works which I really don't think it will
and if it truly doesn't which again it
shouldn't upload in the slice I'm gonna
run across the road to that restaurant
and trying upload there because I'm
still not and I'm sent sure it's closed
I've checked on Google it says it's
closed right now but if I can somehow
reach the internet from the outside but
I'm load or beside well I rendered the
video in 720p and even in 720p
it still says it's gonna take an hour
and oh no that means over three hours
wait time to go and see if I can steal
this Wi-Fi from across the road what's
cool half past 12:00 at night in Bali
most people are going out drinking and
getting wasted
there's people lay on the streets this
bar is absolutely rammed and meanwhile
I'm walking down this super creepy dark
alley to try and stand outside this
building and steal its Wi-Fi
let's see how this goes
and I actually have internet and it says
it's only gonna take 12 minutes I don't
believe that number but I'm gonna get
eaten by mosquitoes like absolutely
alive oh my god I'm gonna get destroyed
this is gonna be 30 minutes of them just
doing nothing but eat me look at this
the struggle is so real if the security
comes out and tells me to move I'm gonna
have to but at least I tried right and
if this doesn't work and I get kicked
out I'm well and truly screwed
in the hopes that they don't save me
however there's a big growing
thank you very much nice to meet you
dude like my friend what are you doing
and I was like nothing I'm not stealing
your wife I managed to get the vlog
uploaded and it might actually go live
on time it sucks that it's a 720p
version not a 1080 people at the same
time it's a daily vlog uploaded
hopefully on time and you know what now
I genuinely just want to go and get in
that crowd of people and go and get
drunk and celebrate but I won't don't
want to do it alone I want Jeff to come
and join me but I'm pretty sure he's in
bed and he's phone died and I think he
forgot to put on charge cuz I can't send
him an iMessage
they should protector and tax out going
through so unfortunately they come all
alone for the night
just for the record that was the
ultimate play right there go on getting
that dawn wearing the hoodie I
definitely feel a bit more inconspicuous
wearing a hoodie however I'm sweltering
my absolute tits off this is not exactly
the thickest what in the world bought
Bali is very humid and very hot and I
just stood outside for half an hour
wearing this oh look at how sweaty my
head is from going doing that the hustle
man the hustle and there it is boys
uploaded oh I got the vlog uploaded
actually on time I can't believe that in
this slice I really felt that I was
gonna be able to about four or five am
trying to get this vlog uploaded because
you know everything was just falling
apart and the Wi-Fi in this hotel now is
officially broken like it's not work and
I can't text anyone I can't connect I
gotta get my laptop on nothing so
without further ado ladies and gentlemen
I really try and put the time and effort
in to get this video uploaded and you
might be like well why don't you do it
earlier on in the day so then you've got
plenty of time that's like okay that's a
good point but I've got stuff that I'm
doing in the day so I can't be going
around
if the Wi-Fi in the daytime when I've
got stuff that I need to go and do still
it just did today was a very like kind
of chill day about we have got like
planned to go to a temple full of
monkeys which apparently is crazy and
the day after that we might be going
seeing some elephants so I don't know if
I get to ride an elephant or what Jess
got planned but that's what we're gonna
be going doing so good try and make sure
I spice up the vlogs I I just need to
make sure I'm getting out of bed earlier
the vlog uploaded so like right now it's
2 a.m. I'm getting this vlog rendered
ready for uploaded in the morning so
when I go for breakfast tomorrow
I'm gonna upload it don't have to stress
I've got the full day to just do
whatever I want enough to worry about
this not like I don't care about you but
just to make sure it's done and dusted
and then I'm ahead of schedule but as
you guys know I'm asleep she's been so
messed up I switch in hotel rooms now
he's gonna help a massive amount so
gotta go to bed this video render
overnight and we'll be set so honestly
I'm saying this right now the channel
over the past like you know 12 months
was kind of like you know just cruising
on by cruising on by cruising on by but
over the course of this past month the
channel is just going roof and rock it
in with new people joining on board and
I do like to keep things and you're very
adventurous and all this and all that
and there is some times you know where
I'm just sat at home or a chill day and
not doing real much but this is the life
of Tom and I appreciate you guys give it
a chance at the opportunity to you know
click that subscribe button and watch
what I get up to and yeah it's it's a
real honor so thank you for taking your
time to watch my video if you're a
around it make sure you leave that
thumbs up subscribe if you've not
subscribed create YouTube channel click
subscribe it'll pop up going tada and
then ding dong that little notification
bell next to it so you never miss a
video if you're not doing form your own
Instagram at syndicate for all the
behind-the-scenes and secret stuff for
the blog and I'll see you then tomorrow
at 6 p.m. ish 6 p.m. ish
ok much love and I said yes
