you don't do they welcome to paradise
mother truckers look at this trees and
leaves and ah it's like a miniature
jungle so today we're starting off
looking like the tail now to show you
don't judge me but we're going out of
the bikes we're gonna get some breakfast
we're coming back
I'm edit the vlog then we're going to
adventuring so one of two things just
happened
number one went to ask if I could spend
the room stay by one night the answer
was no the hotel's fully booked second
of all when I opened up my wallet to get
my credit card out my credit cards not
that so basically we're really starting
this day off amazingly well
like the best you can do I legitimately
cannot find my credit card now luckily
I'm with Jeff so if I need anything Jeff
can just like cover me for it was good
for it but the fact that I don't my
credit card is amazing so time to
quickly check my online banking and see
if it's been used somewhere but the only
ever time I've used my credit card I
believe since I've been here is going to
the cash machine on the first day
getting some money out if you own a
wallet and you open up your wallet and
the one place your credit card supposed
to be isn't there that's like a heart
attack at least I've had time to start
the vlog whilst those on the phone to my
bank so where I currently stand is we're
gonna retrace my steps from where I used
my credit card at the ATM last night see
if the hotels had a credit card
underneath it or anything like that and
if you have then that's a win but if
they happen then I'm gonna have to get a
new one shipped out bought after barley
I'm flying straight to Los Angeles so a
credit card takes ten days to get
shipped out to me so I'm gonna have to
get it shipped to LA and Jeff's just
have to loan me a shitload of money this
was a very nice hotel room but I'm
checking out this one and just going
down two floors because this room's
taken
so we're quickly switching rooms and
then we're going in breakfast school
booty whoo Oh booty scoop the ATM
machine I use yesterday has this many
credit
mmm delicious
this is awesome we gave us totally safe
I was awesome that was so much fun
mmm health booster sounds like a good
idea but check where we are in the these
are rice patties right rice patties yeah
no regrets just lessons no worries just
acceptance no expectations just
gratitude life is too short
hey I've been reading the feedback on
the vlog from flying out here it's
insane the amount of people showing love
and like just enjoying the vlogs is
crazy spicy chicken burger latte
what you got it's terrible you say I
know okay my looks great sorry Jeff hey
listen I'm literally living out your
pocket do you want it I can't even pay
for this you'll pay for it I'm gonna
have to try one of those one day right
now no in the mood
watch my credit card my driver size of
that lens God dang welcome to behind the
scenes of how females pose for Instagram
photos as we can see she's about to do
the wall there it is the one leg up
stands to make the booty pop sorry for
this is rice rice pie filled okay our
paddy field I don't know he's patty
patty I think it's patty but I have a
question it's everywhere on the edges
like did they put it there to like
protect the crops or is it or is he
actually from an animal or something
don't get let me know in the comments I
draw blood
I'm so glad Jack's out here shooting
with Emily because it's like whilst he's
busy right and she can film clips of me
on the like on the skewer and stuff that
came out so good yes yes yes I could
think of worse places to be working
right overlooking the ocean
let's go together editing yesterday's
vlog is it clip where I filled my wallet
and on my wallet when I like point out
you can see my wallet when I finish man
usually is there isn't there so that
means I'm definitely a cash machine I
gave them like my name and details to
see if they somehow someone have handed
in the cloud and it got taken to the
main main office but I don't see why
they weren't really getting a shot and
on collecting so I'm gonna go back over
again I'd be like I'd definitely left it
in the machine to the point where all I
can think of is there is a camera in
there to see if someone actually takes
it and walked off with it I know it's
like a lot of detail and drama to go
through for look like there is a camera
in there which we need to pursue working
out where the credit cards gone oh god
what I ordered you're telling me that
looked natural
what I've got give a shout out to my
homie Louis Cole they call this laptop
code where everyone's got their own
their laptops out just chilling laptop
cheers not bad but I've only drank the
mango section I don't look for the top
of it no no no okey-dokey time to go
back over to his ATM and see if they've
spoken to the main office to find out if
they've got my credit card they were
saying that if your credit cards left
there and the shops closed like people
hand it in to a main office or something
but dude when I went through this pile
of credit cards so you telling me that
the camera in there cannot be checked to
see if someone took the card nope that's
it thank you very much bye-bye
unsuccessful mission was unsuccessful Oh
key no key this is now my next hotel
room but a nice belt nice it's the exact
same as the last one for just a
different location and this time we have
a view of the good hood and the ATM
machine where unless my bank card so a
situation as it stands is I've PayPal
Emily
$500 because I can't send Jeff money via
my banking because he just won't let me
because it's all on pause hello Jeff's
gonna get 500 out from the ATM in a like
in their money here so I'll have cash to
be able to do stuff and survive and all
that but like when I get to LA I'm gonna
have no credit cards so that's where I'm
then gonna have to be like hey Luke can
you lend me like $500 for like the next
ten days and then get a new credit cards
from home luckily I have a lot of good
people around me who can help me but
other than that just this is the second
time in my life I've ever had a
situation where it's like you know you
so badly rely on like just a little
piece of plastic to get you from A to B
and if you lose that piece of plastic
you're screwed
come on piggy bank come on come on empty
your pockets give me that cash money
the Baba's is closed because he's like a
ceremony going on today but Jeff's
coming picking up these Lord that he how
much it cost you to get all your laundry
done two pound 2.52 pump it nice give
that mass of you showered feeling fresh
got some jelly my head because it's Hank
my head cook till tomorrow I'll just
deal with that J I'm gonna go and get
our asses back on the bikes and we're
going to a I believe a very popular
tourist eat empal towards the sunset
jeans me if only you could see the size
this dogs balls do you know let me buy
it for you and you wear it yeah come on
oh you got protection melon right we
should should we all get matching melon
Hamlet Elvis will never lose each other
now we're going now we're going to a
temple is it big like do any of us even
know what it looks like excited oh I'm
seeing pictures of these temple this
temple everywhere right I'm just saying
this right now that doesn't like temple
this looks like a hole on a rock and
some guy was like yo got an idea let's
charge him like 60 P to go and see it
and we'll make a killing I'm just the
record where the ten million nine
hundred and twenty third person to come
and see this place really beautiful hey
don't worry you're at a temple but at
least there's free Wi-Fi
you know twenty eighteen boys is this it
or is this another mini temple wait to
stay away during your period I'm
assuming this is it oh it's actually
quite small on the picture it makes it
look like twice as big it's just a
little temple at the end but what a view
point no gorgeous looks like there's
another one down there so I don't know
if this is the main one or that's the
main one or there is a main one or
anything like that book
gnarlie
yeah from this angle this is a bit more
magical now like look about if you so
cool if we can get on the beat but it's
closed off and but if the sim could come
down you can get a shot like taking a
photo through that that'd be amazing
okay there's that that's not the temple
that's the temple yo Jeff you think
that's the temple that looks like a
temple that's where all the tourists are
Wow Wow Templeton Allah Allah beep I so
hope a massive wave splashes you just
yeah just knock you out I just heard the
conversation of the holy snake is that
we would now unfortunately I'm not kind
of like clued into the lore of the whole
stuff like that I don't know what it is
about but I had no no back story about
this is there actually a snake there is
it no I think someone put a snake in a
rock yeah when these tides rise I don't
think it's naked I don't think it's
sneaking survived I think they put it in
there for with all the money you made
penthouse this is this is pretty nice I
can live with this
did you just taste that Slav Jeff if
anything it looks more like a honey
badger then it does a sloth so this is
the it eats it eats this poops it out
and then they use that to make coffee
you okay buddy
okay this is so cute
wait seriously seriously yeah is it
gonna bite me
oh oh oh oh Justin all right that's cute
is this your is it is this yours
yeah it's my pen you have a pet bar yeah
can you stroke it yeah you can oh I'm
not a scaredy cat
all right go ahead go on then go on all
right I'm gonna tickle me
okay okay bit me just nibbling ah yeah
no I don't and so we're gonna leave that
Hey dude he's got massive dog on him is
with honey oh my god I just felt a bit
self-conscious I talked about what don't
be jealous
he's still going yeah they started as
berries then this guy ate them poop them
out into coffee like this and now I'm
drinking it culture a man he brought oh
I got sugar with it I got sugar with an
ant in it mix no I didn't put it on that
the two coffees didn't my plans very
action
yeah oh you know cappuccino it just
tastes like a really weak coffee right
you're coming out your comfort zone
you've seen a bat fund all this self oh
come on
how'd you describe it yeah this guy's
about definitely poop my cat poop coffee
was gorgeous and now we can chill out
with a big innocent so a toast to new
friendship to new experiences and to
pretty much I was going but it looks a
bit tucked on the ass come on hold on oh
you got yeah better than that Hey yeah I
don't want no fun ass you're loose then
Jeff Oh help dude that's amazing
you give Lombardo you don't work with a
photographer I'm not pimping out so if
you guys want to follow Jeff I'll put
his Instagram down below you know how
amazing is go follow him you'll see some
post to those behind the scenes it's
about his story so make sure you're
following your boy yeah we see a Jeff
Lombardo in his element I literally just
spent 30 minutes filming that sunset I
got five seconds in the shitty sense
that you have see me getting by like
literally it went it went go and ask you
that it took the back of your legs it
was thought about I came in this garden
to use the toilets I'm not gonna found
Wow those little birds okay this one's
freaking out so I'm gonna leave sorry oh
my god you scared the hell out of me
fool yeah I thought you're a bird
attacking me thank you very much thank
you thank you so when he closes the
coffee shop he then opens up his
painting shop and he puts his animal on
a holiday visit never in the UK could
you leave two helmets on the Saudi
Wimmers
and then still be there ignition
ignition this vehicles doing 163
thousand three hundred and ninety four
kilometers daddy
I lost my credit card he lost his car
key well I've seen people carry three
people on a scooter before so I'm sure
we can make this happen
I have now drove back up towards where
we're sitting to see if I can find his
key on the floor way over sad if the
probably slim chances of finding the key
as they were finding my credit card hmm
I drove all the way up there to find out
that what did you do he left the key in
the bike
hey man I thought I'd try to help the
process into the temple to go find hey
Jeff in case you lose our key next time
that's how you do it
amazing by a family of four important
skewer what six hours later it's only
uploaded 45 percent of it
god damn the only good thing to take
away from this is apparently YouTube's
got a system where I don't trust it but
apparently if you've been uploaded in a
video and say gets like nine percent and
like your internet dies or someone are
your laptop dies if you then go away to
upload it again it rather than take in
like the ten hours it would talk about
it again it picks back up from where it
was like it knows the the percentage of
the upload it was up to so I'm gonna
close my laptop down we're gonna take it
off to a spot now see if I can connect
their Wi-Fi and see if we can upload
because I have been three days in a row
now no to two days two days in a row of
the vlog been on time I want to keep it
that way so apparently all Australians
come to Bali for like a holiday all I
could get away and you can kind of tell
this entire bar is filled that with the
Aussies just commentating on the rugby
game I don't even have the faintest clue
of what to say about rugby and stuff
like that apart from I love Australian
people and I love them in the relevance
we've literally walked across the road
for food and I've brought my laptop with
me to try and get a vlog uploaded so
if that was a hobby I be dead as hell
right now and even they don't even have
a zero point of no clue what I'm a this
place sucks the grind is real I just I
like I seriously can't express like how
much if we were staying at that W Hotel
you know like in the first night where
everyone is a blog if we were staying
there I could just leave my laptop in
the room in the morning upload it walk
away from the day come back after an
hour and it would be done whereas now I
get to like wake up in the morning edit
my blog go and through my entire day
come back and then wrap them in up to
switch off for the night I have to
stress about uploading the vlog and it's
just like like 2018 I'm saying right now
is the grind is real as the funsies prom
toast ever seen all right Broncos and
then what was this third one Oh
chili squid nah I would feel like this
is about to be the best prawn toast I've
ever had in my life
Bing
a chronicler
the chili squid
no choice quit this is the extreme
lengths I go to to get the bug loaded
we've come over to the place where we're
at the first night just to me to sit
here with my laptop open drink drinks
have good food but it's still gonna take
49 minutes and that keeps fluctuating
between 49 minutes like an hour and a
half can we do a toast another
successful upload and two sunsets that's
pretty good
I'm just about to get the vlog uploaded
few drinks chill out have some food you
got a vlog uploaded it's been a good day
yeah okay so you know I was like oh yeah
good day yeah it was a good day and so
the fact that now this is the next day
and I'm currently rendering this video
you're watching right now out and it's
it's currently 1138 p.m. here in Bali
and this vlog needs to go live by 1:00
a.m. so I've only got like an hour and
20 minutes to get it uploaded which
wouldn't be a problem you know cuz you
just saw me welding at that restaurant
just I did then and however that
restaurant closed at 11 o'clock so and
we're going to try and sit outside it
now and see if I can steal the Wi-Fi
chances are probably not gonna happen so
that kind of sucked but this is the
struggle I'm going through every day I'm
tempted to go and stay at that W hotel
that we stayed in on the you know what
the first night and I like was in the
inner garden uploading the vlog walls
where we eating I'm tempted to go and
stay there cos at least I know I can
rely on leaving my laptop there for like
you know six hours to upload whereas in
this vlog you saw me I left my laptop
recording for six hours and it only did
45 percent of it it's like what so the
internet situation in Bali is really
being a struggle bus right now like I
said this sont where I really wish
hotels would post speed like speed tests
of that internet that they have so like
if you're choosing to stay they're not
dependent on your job or whether you
care or you know you can see if like it
can not meet your criteria if you're a
woman is like I'm just gonna snap shut
all day like you're gonna be like you
want some fast speeds if you need to be
like you want bus speeds but if you just
want to send in emails it really doesn't
matter but for me like Internet is my
everything for when I'm going abroad so
I could stay in a bloody shack seriously
I wouldn't I wouldn't care I really
would not care about staying in a shack
as long as I've got Internet to be able
to upload so may have to change hotels
tomorrow so I will see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m.
Vlad if this video went up at 6 p.m.
then I'm a wizard but I really don't
think it will be so I'm just saying this
now if it did go up
I was probably up till 3 o'clock in the
morning uploading this you'll find out
in tomorrow's Vlad because the struggle
is very real and I know not an absolute
my vlog just consists of I have tried
well the video and I would rather show
you my day rather then meet constantly
stressing about how I'm gonna get the
volga blow too but that's how my day
pans out it just consists of me trying
to do one thing a day and that's get the
vlog uploaded so I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m.
make sure you guys have follow me on
instagram at syndicate if you're not
doing that already make sure you're
doing it now and I'll see you then so a
6 p.m. issue even I'll see you at 6 p.m.
s p.m. p.m. ish 6 p.m. ish so we've got
like rate and subscribe
much love and I said yes
