so new dawn it's a new day good mark
neighbors how you doing
not lambchops yet I see place Jaron
welcome to a brand new dawn a brand new
day where I am currently packing up and
we are leaving the country yep it's
happening I booked a flight we're
leaving seven pairs of box shots seven
pairs of socks swim shorts flippy
floppies jacket time to stock up on
t-shirts and for today we're wearing the
insignia tisha you know rocking we're
rolling life's too short make the most
of it and I've never lived more by that
saying that I have done probably for the
past like month we have been non-stop go
go go go go and we're basically
continuing that but let's get this day
started what the heck does a really fast
person running past my house what the
hell if there's one thing I can't do
today it's missed this flight if I miss
this flight I mess up an entire 24 hours
of traveling in a plane and that just
could not happen today also young Marina
pants but Marty Subin how you doing
strange I'm not you seeing you in a
minute other you've successfully drowned
one of them and let one of them die
upside down over there put on you I'll
be fine the taxis here all these boxes
are a onesie high-five you getting ready
to we're getting it what the heck what
the hair what's this for well now and
you bad no I am wrapped in the brand-new
hoodie which is unnamed right now and I
don't know if we're gonna keep these
tassels white but this is the brand new
said the original hoodie look at the
detail fully custom-made
but walkers just finished rendered go to
the brain rented videos open this up
save uploading 30 seconds remaining
sweet mom just went oh this is nice this
is that she didn't even know we had it
like happening either way but how long
were you here for how many days
you have to fold everything all these
boxes - don't spit hug and put and put a
limitation Mike Carlin Wow
okay got to be good look okay I
seriously I have to go
seriously I have to go I love this
hoodie it's not even been 12 I was my
first election two o'clock Dubai gate 49
to 59 okay we ain't traveling economy we
ain't in triangle in business yep this
is a thing I've never flown with the
Emirates properly before so for the
first time I'm doing it we're in first
class through security bag didn't get
checks pumped ins of Mitchell who's
going to grind canary who watches my
vlog so shout out to that guy and now I
think I've got like an Oran half to kill
the one thing I didn't have with me in
Greece it was my GoPro and I'm taking
one of these I've never been to the
earth I'm pretty sure this is mine
alright let's do this I actually think I
prefer the the British Airways launcher
this deals and maaske the lounge to feel
very old-school like an old resolve or
something like that and there's no Wi-Fi
as for selection of drinks yeah we're
looking kind of okay
coffee machine biscuits then over here
this is the main like eating area we've
cooked it with selections of snacks and
leaky cheese super random food overhead
Wow
champagne and then the last cheese
selection definitely feel out of place
here
however I've managed to get my chest you
know and just in case a spare battery
like seven quid that was like 20 I was
like 7 nobody well that was an
experience I was expecting a lot more
hey this resort to the first time do by
two o'clock gate 12
that's what we're now boarding and it oh
my god the covers in his places
absolutely uh okay so I was actually
expecting really big things from oh wow
just cuz it's like amorous I've always
known Emirates has to be like the
classiest classiest one so I was like oh
well excited disappointed so let's uh so
the planes like I actually think I'm
flying on the big double-decker so yes
oh my god I'm flying on the big
double-decker holy crap am i excited for
this I've never flown on the Emirates
double-decker before which I believe is
the biggest plane in the world I've
never done it
and the Sue's I knew I was doing this
trip I was like I have to try I just
have to
oh my god that is it ridiculous
welcome to my home for the next seven
hours Oh
oh my gosh hey thank you thank you very
much
wow this is amazing again for
clarification this is not something I do
regularly I will happily sit in Economy
and get the cheapest flight anywhere
just to get me there the quickest and
the cheapest I have never in my life
flown the first-class properly like
properly myself with Emirates like or
even at all so I feel so I have a place
so welcome on board I have a beautifully
huge screen thank you yeah this is
incredible
I've never flown affluent Emirates
before but not first class though do a
lot of people use the shower like is it
like a queue I'm well excited yeah
I feel so place right now so okay look
let me use this so I wish I would have
just filmed everything man so first of
all
Cheers gossip champagne the lady said to
me we've only got this one open right
now but when we get inflatable I'm
serving up the Dom Perry I'm pretty sure
I said yesterday's like I'm gonna be
drinking but okay you get a lovely
little worm-like pad and pen to take
with this but like it's mine to keep
which I'm actually gonna I'm gonna take
I love I love writing things down so you
get that in this little drop get this
little draw hide that way then so you
know I but I usually get in the flight
and they give you like a little bag in
its got like you know the mask your eye
socks and stuff on that well okay so get
a nice little iron mask which is great
then get socks
slippers which are probably better than
mine at home and then you still get one
of those bags which is like you know
whether people can pardon we like to
brush toothpaste in it
what
oh my goodness big big I like you little
creams and your tooth pushes in your
toothpaste since the fight on the table
yes good the size that thing this it's
Jack can take so welcome to the unboxing
of what you get inside the one bag
full-size toothbrush and toothpaste okay
thank you so much so Mike did Alvin
straight into it like usually it's like
you open little baggies like three
things in it and this one is like an
entire like muscle yeah quite little
yeah then he's bringing it up when you
finally British Airways you get a like a
toothbrush and toothpaste and they
usually about that big compared to this
you then also get actually a shaver
packet issues
a foldable cup and took the cider cold
what
it's the little things I completely
forgot about blinks deodorant
and Gillette shaving cream yo this is
gonna be my new trouble buy this is
amazing this is the biggest table I've
ever seen in my life
lovely
this still the other section that didn't
open you get I don't know this is it
says e au parfum I don't know if it's
perfume but it is a cheap I don't know
how that is
you thank God I don't know how to say
this brand name of the word here or
whatever it is this is big more perfume
yeah looking glass of perfume very nice
lip balm body lotion and aftershave
what an amazing little kid so that
concludes one portion of what I was
given but that's not all that's not all
you get you get the jump this is a candy
they give you a carry bag to be able to
take all this with you for you get the
job good job as meat if you better you
better know employee that's like heaven
check you know drift off to sleep with
hydroactive sleepwear relax in relax in
the world's first moisturizing sleepwear
range the pajamas are designed to
prevent skin dehydration during flight
as you move the fabric gently release is
naturally moisturizing seek help to help
skin stay soft
but I'm gonna be wearing kelp pajamas so
my style oh and by the way if I want a
drink throughout the flight really like
are you even serious oh my goodness me
there is a staircase back this is crazy
oh and if you thought I was done
unboxing everything you actually get to
take that with you I don't think I'll
ever use it but I'll take it
rique it you put your suitcase here and
then just lock it in oh and the
headphones that you get you can
obviously use your own but these
apparently are the brand ones so let's
take a look at what they are but I was
in Wilkins oh there I go okay
get comfy Goff in the air I have to say
I'm like shaking I had a bowl of cereal
this morning that's about it so I'm
really looking forward to seeing other
foods like if you're not subscribed
around here so make sure you click that
subscribe button
turn on the notifications because let's
be honest who knows where I'm gonna be
every other day so we're literally just
winging it
it's absolutely ridiculously huge so
this right now is a seven hour flight
and we're flying to Dubai
then we've got change for a layover
flight an hour and get on the next
flight which is gonna be nine hours so
my plan one is to stay awake on this
flight
and just enjoy first class because
people who pay an upgrade to like
first-class and I know there's a bed and
the whole point is to sleep in stuff for
that boat when
ever agreed to anything I always stay
awake because I feel like it's an
experience that you need to enjoy and
take in like watch the movies drink the
drinks you know explore around the plane
and stuff like that rather than like
what's the point you paid to go into
first class just to sleep a night not
enjoy any of it so just my personal
opinion on it
ha there's cameras there's cameras with
a live feed pilot I don't get to it oh
that's that's really zoomed in oh that
was bad
okay okay okay like a show one okay
that's the map and then air show to is
what that I might as well see what I'm
going it's it's like it's like looking
straight straight forward through the
plane the line up that's begun and the
engines are roaring let's go look at the
size of them me I thought that was
someone behind me there's a bloody
mirror
oh my gosh
dude this bit I can I can just feel how
heavy this plane is an ozone wave but
can just feel how heavy it is
and how much power these bad boys are
creating it was just being insane we
just we just took off so efforts it
didn't even go far it went about three
feet and then went let the countdown
commence six hours 59 minutes to go oh
come on
I found another South bottoms so the
first this one
the blinds coming down okay
it's still nice a little bit of light
through so about this one I'll block out
oh oh you can choose which one you want
to block out that's cool
the dream flying wicked I'm still happy
right now
the one benefit of fly-in my business
let alone first class the one benefit of
it is like for a vodka a lot of people
say to be like oh Tom but honey kinda
like walking around other people like
don't they get freaked out
well I don't you get weirded out like
knowing people are like starin you cuz
like when I'm filming like this like if
I should look like look what I look like
in the mirror I'm like this talking
stuff like that and he won't pass people
then they always alive are you talking
to himself and most the time I just
jokingly go like I'm facetiming my mom
all right come on ah but you just gotta
like ignore them but in circumstances
where you're on a plane next to someone
it is really difficult cuz you don't you
don't make them feel comfortable albeit
wat like being loud next to the samurai
so when you can be in business all like
first or something like I don't know my
first when you have your own space to be
able to vlog it just feels so much more
bad it's just natural you can film
whatever you want to film you can talk
my way to talk about and just truly
enjoy the experience rather than
worrying about disturbing someone else
that's variants for know you guys see
how I'm gonna play now I mean I never be
able to talk as well as this usually I'm
like
the firing is nice today and food is
good yeah and that's about it
where is this this is worth the upgrade
just to be able to vlog properly the
seatbelt sign is off you're ripping
cruising altitude oh and if you're
wondering it is a touchscreen TV or do
you want the remote control just to open
this up click this button it pops it's
like a long mouse cursor look got sort
of something
just got this little package delivered
of snacks that's take a look all the
good stem ginger okay we have Christmas
salted caramel chocolate bar now this
rehydration diamonds chocolate licorice
fruit bar and dry partner Tom Perry own
at 35,000 feet sure okay and for what
are we eating of this plane let's check
out the menu sir apparently Ellicott
dining experience fine dining whatever
the mood takes you create your own menu
from our range of gourmet dishes okay
massive amount of cocktails apparently
there's like a fully-fledged baja it's
like really nice downstairs you know
downstairs on the two-story plate who
are they got some Johnnie Walker I'm
liking it I'm liking it these short ribs
chicken salmon smoked duck Malfatti
magic don't want that is butter a public
pass got some nice side dishes dessert
chocolate fondant cake season through a
nice cheese board selection and then
yeah I can't read any of that roast
chicken with wild mushroom sauce sage
and shallot stopping me vegetables and
heritage potatoes all played good as it
sounds very good
I don't know why like this personal
thing but I think I preferred chicken
over a steak Nando's literally changed
me for the past five minutes I've been
trying to work out how to not put it in
bed mode
but to lift my legs up and turns out
you're gonna use this obviously that
screen wasn't on board I want to lift
and legs it so what's this away we go
progress boys progress Oh extend come on
let's go
yes I smell bad it's closes blinds sue
you
there we go fixed it haven't seen the
showers bother ya I've not seen the
shower just yet no they brought me my
canopy so
yes this is
typically see you later world sayonara
okay now it's 10:00 on the lights Oh
justice white that's awesome
Parker dude from here lights okay
table up right
a little starter we've got canopy good
little plate of olives I have a glass of
Dom Perignon champagne oh it's like
like like a fried salmon
that's really good one set of equipment
African
my miracle pork
I've thrown in an order for some food
I'm gonna go for the roast chicken and
I'm gonna have her I don't even see this
page I'm gonna have the caviar with a
fennel soup yep I found another secret
there's a massage in the chair oh yes
grab it whoa what intensity
oh yes oh this is amazing
okay I can do oh oh oh my did the whole
chapul the whole chairs vibrating oh
that's amazing how could I set up
massage good to go all the way down my
body all nice
thank you perfect
all right so it's time to do looks
awesome
at stage two this is pretty incredible
you just you can't say it's not it's
absolutely amazing Jersey yeah will do
thank you buddy 30 inch screen eating
caviar at 35,000 feet like genuinely
seriously it's such an incredible
experience that I just don't know how to
handle this I just can't wrap my head
around night you can fly like that you
can fly to this kind of standard insane
like
invited me down to trouble had this like
all the time like this was this was like
your economy like I don't know
billionaires and stuff about do this
like everyday well no they have a
private jets
from being an hour and a half into this
flight I feel like this is something you
have to do before you die okay
caviar time I'm just putting my chair
into a dinner mode it won't sound like
perfectly all right we'd like the view
of the clouds there's a little pancake a
bit of using cream cheese out of my
pancake base then
maybe a little bit of their cheese
Lulla caviar general caviar
fish eggs
the way to describe the taste sorry a
way to describe the taste is just salty
it is good though Wow I just spent about
15-20 minutes taking a load of photos to
try and get the thumbnail for this video
to be awesome so I hope you liked it
flying high I've got my animal suit
that's a good bit right now I have no
idea what it's going to taste like but
the fennel soup
Wow
wow that's flavorful I only asked for it
because it was just an option you
wouldn't usually order soup what you
know what I'll take it
they take my ear slippers okay okay okay
so I'm just using the bathroom
there's the shower oh look at this what
is this
I saw shampoos conditioners body washes
they set it up every time fresh though
an individual person to come in so if I
come in I can use all of that and say
someone else wants to come and show the
what a whole new trailer like that's all
yours like a dryer
I used to implement this is Sal rubber
play
wait is this the toilet what do you whoa
it's huge
good the size of this before me oh yeah
yeah you just you can't make it okay
like you can't there's so much room for
it
look there's so much room for activities
anything there's a TV you can actually
sit pooping and watch TV at the same
time also side note I think I broke the
sink oh no didn't have to I simply have
to I have to do
good this vid that is the coolest thing
ever
what why did people think of tonight
when you go to play
we need a shower yes the experience so
far is 10 out of 10
unparalleled by any other airline it's
absolutely outstanding and top class
I wondered why I've seen like 19 million
different members of staff and it might
sound odd both there's only two of us in
this
is section of 14 chairs there's only two
of us
what boom-boom-boom-boom
tada dinner is served
we have a chicken with a the removal of
vegetables but we got chicken and
potatoes and carrots nice the movie game
night gets a 800m is delicious and gets
itself so an 8 out of 10 now we're gonna
go ahead and move on to early man this
is the most random film I've ever seen
boy look at the ceiling
your stars
it's amazing I feel so British right now
teabag hot water to make my own tea
so magical like once that'll be close
won't look at the lines
I wish they'd turn off all the lights in
the cabbage smell to see them traveling
oh it's magical I'm not going to sleep
all right
oh it's wonderful he in people it's like
every second you spend on this plane you
discover something new but and I've been
wearing the tightest jeans in the world
for the past probably four and a half
hours so it's Penelope Jones I don't
intend on sleeping forever any
proportion of this flight because a
London Dubai at the midnight I've got a
1 hour layover till 1 o'clock in the
morning and then I may be on a nine hour
flight and that's the fight I hope I
hope to sleep on so whoa whoa yo these
oh thanks so much better so much better
oh yeah tell you something
that's comfy I know it's pajamas but I
feel just like a hipster like a hipster
like a hippie and by the way you know I
said like underfloor heating it
seriously calm like wow I probably the
hottest before he and I've ever felt and
just like that I have a bed
oh that's comfy oh oh wow it smells like
like I'm gonna say Heather lavender not
have a good smell
it smells like lavender love to cheese
man
I'm a genius I've got it made into a bed
and I've got it on massage mode mm-hmm
the only piece of advice never watch the
phone it's absolutely terrible one out
of ten so I will only go like two hours
left
they said powerful
pretty excited I know it's just a shower
but it's a shower oh boy
I've never taken a shower it's more like
opposite to me okay but I'm just so so
exhausted I can't wait to sleep
so on this next night I would fly
I just pass out well I was go watch a
movie but I think the things about oops
and inside my little layer of treats
I've got like a lot of sleeping things
one of them's pillow mist which the
instruction says gently mist Interpol to
release it coming from fragrance
steep oil
it says gently whiten wrists and temples
that's it
heads are just kind of scary really
applied to rested temples which is
soothing fragrance
risks
Oh
I
ever good all I did was look a boy and
temples
there's your temple right
so sleepy my system is restarting and
uncovered a nice little cupboard hole to
put it cleans in bye-bye oh my goodness
man this is amazing if they're
complaining this happened to just make
it in time to get a drink in so thank
you very much oh and welcome to first
class I can't believe there was only two
people in this entire section grab my
clothes get five minutes of hot water
heat for is so nice oh my goodness
that's gorgeous take the shampoo see
body wash and do I need anything else
what a world or it doesn't I don't know
two ways this book
hey man I'm singing in the air to be
gently this this is a random this is a
random thing like we went from humans
making fire and reals transported things
to put in showers on planes at 35,000
feet fly I hope you can't see me naked
in a reflection book
time's running out boys time so the next
100 be getting on is indeed dignified I
intend on sleeping on so time to brush
my teeth
thank you thank you do do it Justin
I like how this there's not just one
shower there's two and then you get
surprised by two when you come on
thank you if I had to give this flight a
rating out of 10 it is hands-down 10 out
of 10
like a thousand seven the flight has
been incredible stuff it amazing the
food was like I don't know give to
enable the gathers everything start
after all into play the shower to see
the screen this is the thing that I
would definitely say you should add to
bucket list because it is it's worth
every single penny
oh hello do my bag to fill my goody bag
ha ha I almost forgot this
definitely taking that and just like
that I mean it incredible experience I
would love to say I'd do it again but I
don't think I'd ever need to I'd love to
do it every time but I've put it now
amazing I've now got two holes to wait
until my next wife to the next
destination
so I'm sure you guys know where I'm
going what I'm gonna keep you on there G
you see you have to find out tomorrow
where we're gonna wake up so if you've
enjoyed this flight guys cuz it's now
midnight I'm gonna have to end this day
and start my next one so I hope enjoyed
the seven hours of flying to Dubai make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog where we will
definitely be in another country
and we will be off on a new adventure so
until then honestly like truly thank you
make sure you follow me on syndicate on
what nope make sure you follow me on
instagram at syndicate on twitter at pro
syndicate and you guys can see more
behind the scenes there so much love and
I said yes I truly think this might be
the best plain vlog I've ever done I
really don't know how to top this I
really don't like a private jet maybe
but other than that I don't think it's
to be talked
