one wasp two wasp well you're from I'm
allergic to wasps we've made this very
clear on this this vlog here an
anaphylactic shock if I get stung by one
I don't know where this wasp nests is
was mez what's nests is that these guys
can come from it's either in that tree
or it's somewhere I under my defender
you keep period on my titi I just don't
know where from oh there's someone at
least one of the buggers will what are
youse all doing I think they're eating
the tree sap off my McHale that's fallen
from above but where where is this nest
okay hunting for wasps nests aside and I
am going to be drive around in a car for
about an hour and 40 minutes today and
if you reason why you're like Tom Waits
revering care for an hour forty minutes
today so specific
well het dropped a new episode of his
podcast which if you don't listen to
called the eavesdrop and I put a link
down below for its really good and I've
never ever ever ever in my life followed
along with the podcast light from the
first episode to the final episode you
know continually going and I have made
the decision with hats and his podcast
to listen to every single one he does
he's done one with David onto her
he's done one with nature is tomorrow
and the one I'm listening to right now
is doing one with scumpii so I'm
listening to all these in their been
great so far it's really good quality
it's about goddamn time time optic
podcast kept falling apart in the sense
of mics and weren't working our audio
was all over the place anyway and with
since that for an hour and 40 minutes
bought before I'd do that for an hour
and 40 minutes
so let's investigate yes sneaking around
the premises in the kitchen please see
nothing we're now going to sneak around
the lounge to see what we can see in
here we can say nothing no I don't even
know if she's in I'm assuming she is
because of cars at the front but that
doesn't mean she's in um she may still
be in bed the curtains are closed it was
worth a shot
okay I'm just gonna assume Allison is in
what she's in bed cuz again there's a
car she could actually be out with
someone bought it's Monday and she
should be at work at the office and she
isn't doing so I am very disappointing
sacked tomorrow I am now actually gonna
do exactly what I do
drive around listen to podcast oh but
first of all
through town for Steve I've got one of
them electric hand brakes on this car so
every time I get out of it I don't look
I'll put it on so like you know yes you
should check and I do but it's also a
nice risk you know you know step away
from the Karen if I come back in this
way left it good if it rolled off oops
look at you you absolute beauty wow you
look so good on this phone just in case
people get a bit squeamish I wouldn't
worry about it it's really nothing like
visually like too bad but if you do not
like the look of tiny little baby mice
about this big little pinky's getting
eaten by a little tiny snakes then skip
I'll put in the description what time to
skip to put just a warning that there is
a snake about to eat a baby mouse I
warned you the thing is it looks so
happy when it's doing it like I'm having
a feel if they just eat in this mouse
that's mental oh he was tired of put a
little more on me no messing around
that's an evil looking snake damn well
Steve's gonna be really upset no food
hello there little Karen turtle things
where I have Turtles okay just check in
Chinese striped Turtles whoa is going oh
yeah you know camera shy sadly no food
for Steve back in a minute
I've just seen an intruder on my jacket
why you doing there mate we're doing
little lady bird mate I'm gonna take you
home and Steve's gonna eat you
let's get some energy inside me I'm like
a little coffee steamed now coffee I
can't start my day which isn't good
fruit toast and an iced coffee perfect
way to start the day now I have to say
this I kind of wish I was jumping on a
flight to go to LA today not for
anything particular because I've missed
the opportunity of going hanging out
with the guys at Treyarch but I want to
go out there just to see you Luke see
what's the Ruby DS up to like my gaming
company I've not been out there for ages
I speak to them on the phone and I get
emails and yeah it's nice to to know the
company's still being run perfectly well
but at the same time it's just not as
good as being there in person but that
ain't happening and the reason why
that's not happening is because I am
indeed going down to London tomorrow to
ecology event not anything like what I
was gonna do but it's gonna be quite
strange and unique so I can't tell you
anything about that yeah but we'll be
going down to London tomorrow go in
doing this thing and then stay
in London pretty cool and I think I
might be staying in the shard hotel or
something which first of all is
expensive so Activision I appreciate
that and second of all it's the Shire
hotel which is like the biggest building
it look doesn't sell well that should be
a pretty dope experience so I look
forward to that and I just got a text
off college you saying we're going to
send you a mystery box so I don't know
everything mean the mystery box from
Mike the mystery box like package that
you can get from like College U is for
sale thing or they're selling me a misty
package I just random stuff so we shall
see
either way time to enjoy a mmm I think
I've got an hour left of the podcast I
would drive then it'll be three o'clock
and then I'll be streaming for the rest
of the night credit where credit needs
giving Jude yeah let's try that one
again take took credit where credit's
due
I think is the right thing to say can
fix that within the space of an hour I
was gonna speak to a decorator and get a
decorator in to come and patch up the
wall paint it over and fit this back up
there Kendall it in like an hour
ken is one of the most talented people
I've ever known in my entire life right
I think that's what's wrong with our
network next generation 25 so I'm
already a generation gone from the next
generation but I think that's the thing
wrong with our generation as much as yes
the future is in coding and programming
and all that and you know websites and
apps and everything the true winners of
the world are the people who can be
handy and not just like you know with
one skill but with a multi like a
plethora of skills and my dad can do
everything from doing joinery electrical
gas all me man I wish I would have
picked up those skills but I really did
it's time to go get some food let's grub
up get in my belly
I'm going big or going home half a
crispy dork salt and pepper chicken
wings and for sizzling steak and black
pepper sauce
I don't you're going far bought and
aah sizzling play vermicelli noodles buy
instant review how good is that
oh my gosh absolutely credible 10 or 10
the noodles get about 6 and I haven't
tried the duck yet but honestly that is
so good
defeated I can't even move I'm gonna be
sick oh no we didn't say it was my
birthday it's someone's birthday in the
car I just got asked the question of do
I want to go and see venom again for the
second time which actually I would do I
don't want to see Johnny English I don't
know how I feel about Johnny English
right it's funny watching at the first
pad and it's fully just to watch it when
it's on but I wouldn't go out the way to
go yeah what I'll go and watch Johnny
English I love going out it could slip
off there's only one mr. bean
it's like an international icon
I'm not surprised as a Pakistani mr.
bean all right yeah yeah I'm sure there
is
oh my god oh my god that looks just like
what oh my god that's amazing
inspired by Pakistani mr. bean we're
going watching English all right I'm
going to open money because there's a
kid I did love the other ones bought
wishes look I will give a four of you as
soon as I exit and that's the film is
over not angry I don't even know it's
honorable to return
without a trend it was funny it was
typical cheese but what you expected
Johnny English proving it was a 10 out
of 10 he really seemed so cheesy
yeah I'm not even too sure if you get to
even team it inside there but six out of
ten that's what it's getting just planet
in high school want you to end him again
I've already seen venom she's not I want
the other thing you got Khan women who's
like well she's missing him a body so
okay but at the same time didn't want to
see it cuz I've seen it but Johnny
English was a bad choice it has now got
me at 11 o'clock in the morning
yeah actually is the morning like you do
boys like you didn't do it a bit of
Slayer in the vodka that you could be
likewise Byron undoing it's just a case
of white days where I'm literally like
kind of sat on the house doing nothing
I'm just like Byron I'm not gonna rely
on I can do it myself don't worry about
it and yes I do miss it when burned is
it because that means I vlogs could be
on time but I forget this editor
uploaded because I'm about to go and
jump on a train and I need to be at the
train station I need to be at the train
station now but I need to go and get
Steve some food so I think what I'm
gonna do is try and get my mom to go get
Steve some food come to the house feed
Steven I'm going down to London of which
I'm going doing something with call of
duty now I'm not going like to try at
you know our studio I don't think I'm
even playing like zombies early or
anything like that I think I'm going
playing a blackout or multiplayer or
like something or other
bought in like some crazy weird
environment which I really don't know
all the details on it just yet so I'm
wait to find out how that pans out but I
do have to get ready I do have to rock
and roll and I'm getting more and more
excited as the days go on that I can't
wait to just like wake up in the morning
like I said listen to this so you ready
I want to wake up but like a set time
like 9:10 a.m. who like a normal person
right get up go get my breakfast go from
the betterment Drive listen to podcasts
um I know this sounds weird but you know
I give myself a bit of schedule but like
bring onboard information like I know it
sounds so but I love like Joe Rogan
podcast be like Elon Musk and I just
loved you to like to take it on board
and new info and like a little I'm like
a fiend for that like tech info gaming
info you know YouTube seen him for all
that stuff I love like listening to and
taking on board because no one in my
local area talked about YouTube but they
don't like none of my friend to do
YouTube doesn't like that so it's just
it's all just me and my little YouTube
world when I'm back in Manchester in the
UK so I feel like I want to go do
something the morning along the lines of
maybe go for a drive or go to the gym
because you can put the headphones in
the gym and you can play youtube videos
there cuz like you know they're all
smart screened up now and like whether
it's go for a run for an hour and I'm
gonna at the gym that I'm at I can get a
coffee come back work on my videos for
the day livestream for the rest of the
night and boom give myself a true
schedule and I know it's like one of
those things I just like people be like
oh but if you're going to the gym and
doing stuff you should vlog it and you
know what if there's gonna be day when I
feel like working it I'm gonna vlog it
bought the biggest thing for me right
now is I can't wait for zombies like I
am so excited for this coming out and
there's so many Maps
drop him was on his life I think three
maps dropping from the get-go
I can't wait there's gonna be so many
Easter Eggers so many things for me to
stream and make videos on that October
12th can't come quick enough and more
importantly not just zombies there's
also black out so I'm gonna dick to the
towel for that so it's gonna be
absolutely wicked and I hope you guys
looking forward to it because that daily
live stream man
add a live stream is going back and a
lot of people been asking me Tom why
have you been streaming on YouTube
recently and not switch well I think
what I'm gonna be doing is streaming
twitch like for zombies like Minecraft
anything else over there but alhambra
and any blackout like battle royale saw
again right from battlefield 5 for that
or anything ah I'm gonna stream on
syndicate royale so if you want battle
royale gameplays to that channel but if
you haven't yet followed me on Twitch
you better go to twitch.tv if I was just
syndicate because we're gonna be getting
the daily live stream side they're not
yet set on a schedule but we'll see how
it all pans out and pretty much looking
forward to it but we did hear I am in a
rush it so this outro was three minutes
too long so I'm gonna have to edit the
vlog together get uploaded and I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
era of log where we will indeed be in
London for this crazy experience that I
don't even know how I'm gonna capture on
camera and Olivia I'm Olivia and
tomorrow will be a very interesting day
so until then much love understand yes
