I'm not hungover okay I'm still drunk
oh my god where is my voice I woke up
like Tunsil Czar Hungary I'm a goddamn
throw I'm like ow I can't speak I can't
hear and I woke up to this a radio plane
why this was an incredible hotel room
but I'm gonna get her out of it
cuz I'm going back in a boat so new dog
it's a new day and the amount of alcohol
I drank god damn tell wait what time did
you go kayaking dude I'm wearing
flip-flops not only did I miss
so you've done kayaking you went on a
boat and like hacking okay you feel
rough you didn't come down dressed for a
goddamn boat ride there's no boat are
you joking I feel rough check this out I
was like wow this place looks so great
but then look at this pool it's a bit
random cuz it's like a basement puddle
but you know the same time amazing glad
you're sober cuz yeah this won't be a
thing this would not be a thing today
I did not like the red cars yesterday
like is it the core I like the silver
that is gorgeous dude that looks so
sleek that looks like a Jaguar seriously
are in there it's huge
I will prefer this version look at the
carbon fiber train I'll see you again oh
oh my mister Bo
hate the color blue sure the silver
version yes this is 19 this is gorgeous
look at this interior
oh my gosh like he's like proper bucket
racing seats as well yeah it's suede
roof how we were not in this on the star
oh my god has air conditioning in the
pillars what the heck Jimmy think I just
thank you
I like I've named you jimothy by the way
it's enough really
who called you first no not like that
makes me sad thought was a unique
specimen boy welcome to welcome to a
paradise 2.0 we're not getting a boat oh
that's not wild okay oh my gosh where we
go
what oh my god this that this is goals
this is goals as hell goals goals goals
girls girls girls girls look at whose is
this I have questions about this house
that is absolute goals if I've ever seen
it Wow oh my I don't know how I'm still
alive seriously last night was a moment
amazing how is this how is this real
right now can I have one please yes I'll
take it that's just a very big like
cooking dish sure I feel like coming GTA
right Cheers it's non-alcoholic thank
God
imagine waking up every day apart from
the caffeine like waking up every day
and see in this place like are you even
kidding me it's stunning absolutely
stunning I may have missed the boat this
morning and I may have missed breakfast
poor
this meal is making up for it juda like
Camacho that's probably not how you say
it's like tuna tartare
no it's raw tuna yes yes even more yes
stunning pool the length of the entire
building and check out this hot tub are
you kidding me are you even joking that
is ridiculously beautiful and that's it
we're done thank you so much incredible
this house is just on an absolute of the
level squad goals dude honestly it's
been an absolute pleasure mine a lovely
I'll see you in Scotland yeah
as we discussed I'll get your name made
by Gordon love you bro I thought this
house was nice what that's like just
it's an eye gasm in it I gossip I don't
know where to look serious good goes
right now gone jimothy squad Alicia's do
it sorry Joe it's been a pleasure it's
been is the emotional isn't it it's been
I'm gonna ride there's been ups and
downs being bonded legend oh who you
flying with oh no one Jaguar and thus
the hard work begins
can you end it for me edit the vlog up
some died and this room doesn't have a
single power socket look even the wise
go through the wall to the other side
very late so see though I wasn't getting
a boat today
I can actually change into some actual
clothes and take off my flip-flops
however come through the other it's not
really airport italia feeling flescher
turns out my flights not at six o'clock
it's at five may have missed it I
honestly truly cannot thank Jagua enough
for this invite it was amazing like rich
you are the absolute man I thought my
flight was at six o'clock it wasn't it's
at five it's 4:30
here's the story I think if I was flying
on a regular rather than going on this
rinette's Manchester I'd be going to
London on that I actually think that's
their private jet Wow well in Portugal
it was amazing do I definitely the
windiest country I've ever been to like
seriously it's it's a personal problem
you have but welcome you to my baby
successful journey was successful I just
got the play house like the first person
off the plane as it yeah man get through
passport control well fast let the wall
on the plane let's get Mike on I'm now
pretty much lost just like that total
three wait where is it oh that's it
and just like that terminal 3 give me
again summary this road what black that
was a fox dude what'd you do oh look how
magical UK's right now wait a minute is
Alice here but then I realized she's
still in Greece
oh now for the struggle to begin is that
what I mean this trip I mean like this
struggle I'm risking rendering the video
on my laptop which is gonna take 24
minutes but I've imported all the files
and the program saved onto my main
computer in the hopes that it may do it
faster not feeling overconfident about
this idea but if this laptop fails at
least I've got a backup because I've
actually only got 51 minutes before the
vlog needs to be live so please render
faster vlog rendered uploading it look
at that look at that look at that I have
now got 25 minutes before it needs to be
live and I can 100% confirm that it's
not gonna process on the backend of
YouTube quick enough to go live for
midnight like it's just no cuz it's like
a 40-point Hong is it it's like a it's
like a 40 god damn maybe Oh yesterday's
vlog was Oh 39 minutes 53 seconds so ill
upload before midnight pretty won't be
processed by them so I may have to do my
ninja tom thing of live-streaming yet so
five minutes too
night if it's not public I'm gonna
livestream it to her to YouTube just so
then the vlog was uploaded before
midnight
this is this is the hustle I go through
to get the daily vlog uploaded
disappointed dun dun da dun dun I got
the vlog live streamed before midnight
it's gone upon the channel I am happy I
am doing I am dusted I am now gonna go
to bed
because tomorrow yeah tomorrow I'm gonna
be using this passport again oh boy yeah
that's right there's no mess around
right now I have to get this vlog that
you're watching right now rendered
uploaded ASAP right I'm gonna get it as
soon as goddam possible cause I need to
leave right now otherwise I'm gonna miss
a flight that's gonna take 24 hours I'm
catching two flights and tomorrow's vlog
I'm gonna be fiying first class with one
of the best airlines in the world which
I've never done before so in tomorrow's
vlog do not miss that I'm gonna find
first-class and a total of like 24 hours
with the trouble which is just gonna be
mental but we're going on adventure so
guys if you enjoy these videos please
leave a like rating subscribe ding dong
that notification Bell follow me on
instagram at syndicate and keep like
behind-the-scene posts creeping up on
their faces so you can see little
teasers of what I'm up to where I'm
going and stuff like that but we are
going on another big adventure and I am
super excited to get it on the go it's
been something I've been meaning to do
for a long time and never got around to
so it's finally happening and I just had
to say to everybody tuned in but there
was like 15,000 people at midnight last
night
white watching the vlog being
live-streamed and so everyone who tuned
in are stayed away to watch the vlog
thank you so much I do try to get these
vlogs up on time 6 p.m.
ish every day and I know I fail it a lot
but I do really try I do really really
try I love filming every day of my life
I love sharing with you guys and you
guys feedback and just like anything and
everything it just it pushes me to keep
striving for getting better and
improving at what I do so sorry that
it's taken three years for me to start
understanding to get the vlog up on time
it's you want a job every single day -
I'm gonna still manage to mess it up
honestly you're all amazing I love you
I'll leave you I have to go like now or
I am gonna miss this flight and if I
missed this flight then I miss my next
flight and the entire trip is canceled
so hmm
much love honestly thank you for
everything
understand yes
