they before oh my god yep great Tom did
not help me out this time this place is
a mess it's a new dawn it's a new
afternoon I'm just waking up because
these cranks outside
oh hi Alice oh hi Carl hi team that was
a great start believe we made it in fine
the fact that we survived 12 lilies like
7 o'clock in the morning what on earth
is it a real BMW no joking that one was
for you mark
Wow Alice how you feel after last night
your eyes start you up
that's definitely mark happy birthday to
you happy birthday to you as well we've
done this once before yes I'm sorry I'm
gonna wear and I say to these are my oh
man I wish Byron could edit the vlog
today because he was like it's got to
get to me at by 7:00 a.m. or weisenheim
like I wish you could do it a text Byron
just off the off transpired can you
please at a yesterday's vlog he just
texts me said it's already uploading
he's already done it I assume with the
maps out
oh my god I was like my husband and then
he said have you fired again I was like
wasn't me by the time I got the sentence
if it wasn't me I always started
laughing in the back window I've got
going the house and clean it shocking I
gave you 20 quid to clean it I'll give
you one drink quid Alice I'll pay you
and recruit to fix my curtain all the
way the person he whipped out the boobs
in yesterday's vlog yeah she ripped me
Kurt enough didn't do it on purpose she
sat down on it it like pulled it and it
came off the wall she yes that's gonna
be a job no you thought it was a night
but it wasn't really a night until we
came to use the pool and the pool coven
didn't work I don't know what miracle of
bullshit re wizardry he did but my
brother managed to roll the pool cover
together because it had come out of the
system I don't understand why I how but
I'm gonna need to get it fixed this is
too much hard work so rather than a
normal person fixing it or ringing
someone to get the job so in an
organized no I did nothing but sit down
and watch Gossip Girl all day not gonna
like that's what I'm doing I'm just
mentally preparing for daily streaming
as um two days time I don't know it's
getting closer and closer I don't know
it's like upsetting people and people
are unsubscribing from the channel when
I say it boy I feel like the content on
this channel is gonna be so much better
and like have people looking forward to
when I next upload rather than be
putting out a video light today you know
that when I'm partying and doing nothing
all day well I did pie the night before
and that was an amazing one if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog like some
girl came up to me while I was walking
we've talked today I was like whoa what
the heck but the thing was I was so
drunk that I didn't know that song came
up to me ripped out a titty so when I
said the footage to Byron I was like
that drunken tired that I didn't know
I'd even sent the footage to Byron to
edit the vlog like I send it to him he
sent me a voice message being like bro
the vlog was hilarious I can't believe
some whipped a boob out I was like wait
what someone went to boob out in my vlog
so I when I watched it back like in the
vlog on my barrel you gonna need to edit
that and he like you had to like blur it
out obviously but I didn't know
I didn't even know first of all there
was a titty ripped out second ball I
didn't even know that I said I'd sat
down here at like seven o'clock in the
morning and sent Byron the footage I
didn't know got that idea but yeah
massive shout out to by refer edit the
vlog the past few days like yesterday's
I had no idea did it and again if you
like Tom's
this vlog was late today if you're
watching this on the 8th of October this
fog was late today it's good I edited it
yes you saw that this is now the next
day I only act like two minutes worth of
footage yesterday I spent the entire
time scrubbing the floor and I wasn't
going to show you just me scrubbing the
floor for like 20 minutes of someone I
try and make up on one I just showed you
what I did with my day and then after
you saw me look at the pool I went and
sat down on the sofa and was going for
the rest of the day but moving forward
with this channel I'm feeling honestly
so much more better about creating more
sort of original content I don't know
might sound strange but like you know
there's like youtuber clubs that I want
to do that isn't just like a daily vlog
you know like say if it's like a
youtuber challenge or sitting down with
like someone to do a one-off thing God
doing a kind of a bit of a podcast on
the show I think it's gonna be really
cool so I've got like the idea of doing
some sort of like sit down podcasting
and I'm gonna set up in the basement
like I feel like it needs to be me and
Cal as the hosts so we're the two people
always on it because he's super
opinionated and really funny we've
balance off each other like crazy and
then you're like we can invite other
people to come on it like have family on
it and discuss like every topic wherever
it's whether it's a topic of my own
politics which we don't wanna get too
involved in like if he wants to talk a
bit about football I can be like I have
no idea what you're talking about and if
it's like you know doing this series
like a day in the life with someone and
then I can do that but get it higher
produce like you know like George you
remember who I met when we were out to
Vegas if I could be like yo George I'm
gonna hire you to come and spend the day
film it someone and he shoots on like a
4k epic camera yes it is a different
style from like what you used to with a
mobile phone but I just feel like it's a
step in the direction of making better
quality content for this channel and you
know after three years of daily vlogging
you know a lot of a lot of the stuff is
the same you know when I'm just at home
here in the UK but when I'm travelling
it's always something new and something
different like that said tomorrow's vlog
I am just surround my house and just
getting things organized inside out
spoiler I got my curtain fix Ken was a
legend inside out within the space like
an hour which was amazing
brought that on Tuesday I'm going down
to London for an adventure so like I'm
really excited for it I can't wait to
share it with you guys and then like in
another week I'll be in Scotland and
then in two weeks time I'm gonna be in
the Abbey doubly so rather than having
these vlogs where there's nothing going
on in between oh I know if we went down
that day I know there's a lot of you who
tuned in every single day no matter what
like a 6 p.m. I been your meal with your
family and your friends and you watch
this one I'm gonna say thank you for
that but trust me you will so much more
prefer having better quality content on
this channel rather than just something
that's like now half hours asleep put
together because it's like I do film a
day book there is days that Tommy has
rad you looking you know I think there's
a lot of Met days and it's not not to be
rude or anything like that I it happens
sometimes I'm lazy I'm only 25 and some
days I don't do anything so it is really
as well I'm looking forward to being a
bit more creative for the channel and
like I want to get myself into like a
schedule where I get up at like 90 AD
you know work on gaming videos and stuff
like that and then try and work on at
least definitely one video a week for
this channel even if I'm not traveling
you know just something unique and
something fun something fresh you know I
can't even if it's video like trying
good candy or someone you know just
suggestions from you guys like like
community videos that we could have fun
with so we'll see how it all goes but
yeah very short vlog today I'm really
looking forward to my little adventure
more than anything
October 12th guys I will indeed be going
full-time like streaming on days I'm not
troubling so if you haven't yet followed
me on Twitch I'm gonna put my twitch
down below go make a twitch account
click the follow button I'm doing daily
zombie live streams daily like blackout
live streams and just a load of sort of
stuff because when I go full-time with
gaming sort of thing again it's gonna be
an interesting thing because it'll
probably take me a week I'd like I want
to go back to vlogging bought at this
current period of time
I'm not doing a lot of traveling and I'm
not doing a lot of anything I'm just
enjoying sitting here and making the
most of playing zombies because at the
end of the day that's my biggest passion
that's what I want to do that's what I'm
gonna do so I'm gonna end this blog here
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like crane subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for the
next daily vlog and I hope you guys
looking forward to my new adventures
it's a side the next chapter chapter
chapter the next chapter in the life of
Tom and I'm very much excited to bring
you all on it so until tomorrow there
will be another day live on I'll see you
guys then so much love and I said yes
