I may or may not have missed my flight
to Mexico I was set up and in the vlog
getting ready to rock and roll decided
to come into the bedroom
30 minutes sleep what did I do not set
an alarm not wake up an angel rung me at
5:00 a.m. and I actually missed my
flight son of a gun
so let's start a new day I'm not in
Mexico I've really said about that fact
I spoke to and I was like dude you in
Mexico he said yeah he made the flight
he texted me twice he gave me a one
phone call to see if I'd wake up and I
didn't today's gonna be a bit of a
different day we're going looking at
prop a current situation ed urban ravish
waiting for my $17 sandwich a small
mortgage later I have a sandwich these
guys are absolutely everywhere like look
at them on their little one wheels look
at them go it looks so random go to say
this sandwich was like $14 very much
worth it and can you just not he just
not thank you who likes that dog no no
she won't say it now I'm covered no one
likes this doll can we just like can we
let it go she would just open the door
and let it run away back to its little
tunnel it came from Calvi is doing some
wizard numbers right now before we're
going to look at the property so make it
happen shall be Oh another member of
staff not doing any work get to work
stop watching YouTube videos no no no
get to work I swear to god we have to go
down firing everyone dude caught you not
working again what have we said about
this what no work okay you know what
Luke you just get cuter and cuter by the
day that woman who loves you in my vlog
she's gonna love you even more now oh
you're a spoilsport so this is why it's
called the arts district super cool like
artwork just absolutely everywhere and
this is the building I'm going checking
it out old factory school feel to it
I love these labs I can love these labs
ooh I feel spacious hello well this is
nice oh definitely most interesting TV
stunt I've ever seen in my life not a
bad view from your bedroom Wow
you can just overlook up fooling
everything nice big-ass bed you got big
glass sliding doors to divide the room
you probably need to get like the switch
close up in the UK double bathroom sink
except you very nice
got the entrance over here kitchen table
lounge area you'd have to get like a
drop-down projector or something but and
you know it's like watching things
bedroom at the end over there and a
bedroom over here as well what you think
it's gorgeous yeah no I like it cuz I
love like all the brick and all that
sort of stuff
I like how light it feels it's good
potentially my new spot in LA like I
love high ceilings
I love let red brick I'll probably paint
the windows and stuff hot but I love it
big old door and I flipping heck Oh what
is this dear Oh does all of them channel
so it's complete blackout and then you
can also have sun shades what did the
vibe of this place totally just changed
in it oh my god it's like a completely
different spot wow that is major right
and like probably nothing being built
anytime this just yet so you know look
at that skyline in the distant I'm right
it's a the Sun says this this son says
in that direction right just write down
wow so I could get some time to drink
having a beer at the end of the night
you know
my really what do you think my spell is
really strange
no it's interesting except got that kind
of style so I like the whole waft
I like the laughing I introduced like I
didn't reduce like bronze colors like
open metal not saw stuff I like that
kind of like like like Edison bulbs and
shit all over the place that's right up
to that very nice spot that's all I'm
saying
I like it time to go check out the pool
room oh cool it's quite long in it Wow
all right throw a little barbecue you
know get the meat on the grill dude you
know it's perfect Wow and then it'll be
like in the Sun all day and I'm pretty
sure like that one right there is the
apartment we were just looking out of
nice little fire pit to chill out a few
just been for a little swim this is a
really nice area it's a big decision
like is it such a big property it's not
even like moving into a build like my
buildings got like Mike's move like
maybe 25 apartments in it this has
probably got like 250 this is so
old-school this is the basement to get
to the car parking ooh this place is
hella haunted it's a sign it's a sign
defenders assembled nobody way what are
the chances of finding one of these bug
boys here Wow
defend a night look at that proper old
school peace wow dude this is scary
it's gonna be real this could be very
real one of these is in the building
there's no way I'm moving in so cool
spot yeah I love it ain't just the what
the one thing not like
freaks me out is a you know like it all
boom one I love open planning my house
and I tried to do that as much as
possible open plan for it being so open
button that you know is hard to give
yourself privacy for different things
like you know an office yeah what the
streaming show that like yet the automat
ballers pad which is like you know I
just pimples for big moves oh oh oh I
finally got ever finally got to you o
regain their thank you okay I'll be back
oh you do not leave tomorrow right I'll
be done by then it's gonna be done this
right now about something in this eye
all day
oh my god it's irritating the hell out
me I can't get it out constantly rubbing
in itching my eye
uber for Tom Tom there is something in
this I need to get it out so I need to
find some hired Robyn I need some
eyedrops they go there's there's the pod
give me the iron drugs please burning
water entry gritty eyes Wow
I needed that sleep I needed that sleep
but then to wake up to Luke DJing his
newer albums that he's got his like
vinyls he's quite nice for at the same
time different he's pretty good at
mixing them it's a simple thing of like
the challenge you've got going from one
album to another like one song to
another and he does a pretty good job
you know
Irishman
Steve I'm everywhere honky-tonk I've
been showing a loop for the bus
generally so yeah I was watching you
through a gap you say the bridge that's
in my head I love I scare you - I love
that you went with it wait can you hold
this fuck
whose fucking man's seriously this is
the life I don't even know they existed
you just leave them anywhere so hi this
is not sponsored book this is amazing
you basically just got this Pope how
skewer you park it wherever you want
were you to just click cancel ride it
cost like 50 P a minute to play with
wait Gina tree charm wait until the
lights cross hello I'm the cameraman oh
the syndicate original blogs yeah just
push that push this down and push at the
same time nice oh hi by the way oh good
you see but it's dirt cheap and you can
just leave it wherever you want when
you're done with it you just push with
your foot and then push up or down be
free my child be free have to say this
right now if there's one person who's
gonna crush it it's probably Luke cuz he
just is good at doing that sort of yeah
it's good at it too like to then get rid
of it I just like go on my phone click
lock yeah just secure it ain't no like a
parking spot or just like n ride I
honestly can't believe we finally found
one nice amazing it cost me two dollars
to playing it for like 10 minutes never
like adds up in it's expensive but you
just go on your phone you scan the
barcode you then drive it around
wherever you want you lock it like if I
were to leave the scooter there and I
tree use it you just pack it up lock it
and it's yours flight as much time as
you want but if you're done with it
you'd be like and right and then you get
charged for it then oh we're having a
banquet tonight I'm all okay with this
god I brought you out here today
oh my god it's it's these guys it's
I don't feel so good that no I looked at
all the realities are you supposed to
ship this no context that once account
of bitch dilute steroids bhai I track I
look away you're going multi-sim certain
multi-symptom relief lubricating
estrogen redness Rosa wait is another
women yeah what's that
this is totally not a touchy subject or
anything ball on the phone time I saw
fourteen million features I'm sorry boys
fuckin sorry I feel like I don't feel so
good means gonna do quite
if you don't want to stun the beam just
don't worry no no that who don't look in
the comments actually don't do that Yoos
Dumbledore say why are you talking about
that this is a radiation charge this all
these little blocks are how much
radiation you get flying into New York
from LA so let's say it's a double to go
to London yes right so two of these
equals two green blocks five green
blocks is how much if you spent two
weeks in Fukushima the place where the
nuclear meltdown I'm about to do my 65
right la so it's like spending a year in
Fukushima say I got so you're gonna die
does that explain my extra leg yeah not
quite
I'm working on it hey I used to be
really flat proud of traveling
everywhere I was like that's the coolest
thing ever like radiation poisoning
radiation levels cool that's a good
segue Yeah right I don't feel so good
I'm gonna go to the gym in this game
tomorrow and then just - come in so it
even lifted a hero's welcome to grown
many Emily pops
girl for many in lollipop this isn't
right Road man should not have this in
their habits I'm not even sure what
abode i nevah hug
you're sucking this so seductive lately
please know I'm like this touch the tip
John and touch tips do it now put it in
your mouth you actually did that
Johnny's progress Oh God it looks like
we didn't eat anything but we just got a
million and fifty eight science yo yo
Jordan Jordan get your gains eat this
eat every single side dish eat it
nothing nothing I can they confirm
Alcorn are cold but I'm gonna lead you
all to Luke's house I have there's no
shots on the way so we need to do in LA
wait they would run here so yeah eight
we did not walk away without you no John
no no Jordan Jordan we did not walk away
without you we didn't I swear we didn't
this is like squad Falls is Friday no it
really is I'm so glad I didn't go to
Mexico now just so I can spend time with
people I can't believe you were gonna go
to Mexico and then do this yeah I had
but I had booked in the plunge to do
this tonight and was gonna sell it out
to go to Mexico and why you realize you
just showed up I've seen you twice and I
didn't expect to see you today and yeah
and like three days ago just keep up it
into each other I love it whoa
no no no that's a meme to father no no
no no no Joe done wait well oh oh you're
gonna spin your dicks at me now is that
what it is we got so many dicks look at
the sign
yeah I know
what is this early May why the sign why
is it on a billboard it seemed like a
floral floral all it is is to what team
you want to I do say I know yeah I know
watching me what what team are you know
minefield home good idea but I didn't
for me wonderful for everybody else
terrible topping us to Luke
oh that's already good oh this looks
terrible yeah drink that one oh yeah
great shot you didn't even drink it you
sipped it me neither
ooh look at me my name is Luke and I'm a
DJ about to do the transition of a
lifetime
it's what oh oh here we go here we go
here we go here we go
I was pressing buttons I don't even
think he knows what he's doing himself
but he's pressing things even what any
person nobody even noticed no I don't
get why are you touching that dog just
put it down no no wait give me Johnny
Johnny oh oh dude that is disgustingly
ugly your yoga you're cute you're cute
the doggies fucking adorable
you just let a rot lick your face
no no no no no no no I don't know what
you're talking about
nothing's happening team Maya died of
fall time the Bullivant Rio Grande my
head
here we come to a high season for night
you guys are distracting her
no it distracting we get it to Powell
it's like that is my aliens miss
adorable that's the most Q shit I hate
people and I know it's not no you got
your teeth took your hands about it no
I'll show you teach there do that anyway
expectations whoa really I think I love
you so much
no I just make actinic cool oh no yeah
nice to make them every - oh wait
hundred devolo 1066 Hastings ROG right I
love you know that's how you know you
but Hastings - right
remember Oh 800 reverse
no bags at brandeis degrees off time oh
wait below this video
yes twelve and no one felt as vertically
stopped on the music deck tonight Luke
did this wasn't even a time to buy this
was the buy
absolutely crush their world's creepiest
tree you've ever seen in your life
you like the Slenderman home see you
tomorrow god damn it
okay very nice to meet you su Ling your
buddy yeah Wow feeling good by your tree
abducted by aliens hi there potato the
next morning really sorry about the vlog
being late ah like I I just I couldn't
edit so I had to wait until now so guys
I'm back home I had an amazing night
like I was editing that vlog then with
just a smile on my face all right I love
handed out on the homies in LA
absolutely love it and it's like that's
one of the main reasons why I'd ever
consider getting a place here like I
don't think I live here but I definitely
know I want to dedicate more time in the
future being here cuz like minis out
here he's got his house here Jordan's
got his house it took his looking at
like actually buying a place out here
and everything like I'm surrounded by
such good people and like my life when
I'm here that I just know it'll be
nothing but good times being here I've
been here for the longest time ever and
I feel like I'm ready to commit to
getting a place out here my home in the
UK will always be my home and I
absolutely love it like I'm not gonna
get rid of it or anything like that to
move here and I'll never live here
full-time I probably won't even spend
more time out here having a place but
it's just an investment for the future
because like that area is just
absolutely poppin right now so I don't
know I might have a look around a few
more places see if I can find someone
like factory style vibe spots but I
really like it I'll have to take a long
hard think about that decision because
it is a really big move but I think it's
a smart one everyone I've ever met
thinks it's a smart decision
and yeah I'm like really excited about
the thought of doing it but guys I have
to go now epic night last night I hope
you all enjoyed it if you
make sure you click that subscribe
button and if you're not new and you
tune in every day and you're not
subscribed create a YouTube channel
subscribe then you can leave a comment
leave a like rating and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
of log where we're gonna be flying home
to England so England a I am coming home
I hope the weather is nice because it's
not been too good here in LA make sure
you guys follow me on instagram at
syndicate and I'll see you all tomorrow
so much love and it's adios
