time to go and see a rocket today's the
day we're supposed to be watching a
rocket launch bought this weather
doesn't look clear enough to me oh but I
know this weather doesn't look too good
so basically we thought it's like two
hours away but at one point today it was
three and a half hours in traffic from
9:00 a.m. to get to the rocket launch if
this one guy can get us anywhere on time
other than my dad it's Luke I'm put into
a rocket launch before so let's do this
rolling
Luke was just like why is there no one
on the other side of the road I was like
I didn't even notice it's so strange
whoa whoa it's nine AMRO chill your tits
I'm glad you're getting a Tesla or
potentially get a Tesla because if you
came back with that I would definitely
disown you and your dog that's life
that's like your dog of the cow whoo
yeah we got time for a pit stop some
food and we're set then we got two hour
and 20 minute drive to get us to where
we need to go we're gonna see along
let's go three two one yeah I wonder
what Luke was doing and then I looked at
his phone I love my pop suck it
hands-free motherhood
most important meal of the day breakfast
cheese and bacon the Sun so good music
good people and good views oh my god
it's so blue
some really agreement we on the halfway
pitstop get somewhere you're gonna take
that boom brother I'll hold the fort hey
daddy I know you watch these vlogs you
campervans cute but that's a camper
bunny holy crap not only is it huge it's
towing a car wow this is so beautiful
like I'm so used to desert in California
that it's like what is going on are you
ready to play the hold-your-breath game
through the tunnel oh my god dude nearly
died this isn't California man there's
actual cows grazing on grass they're
actually in grass this is not California
I feel like I'm in New Zealand right now
like seriously feel like I'm in New
Zealand again this is a beautiful
California is one of the most fertile
lands yet everyone decides to live in
the desert pop oh just think about that
you've got all that other worried about
like droughts and all this a cat gross
shit and then you've got this Wow
absolutely beautiful
I'm guessing SpaceX's over there because
everyone's facing in that direction holy
crap what the hell there's no what I was
expecting the slightest oh this is
definitely the right location SpaceX
asbestos spacex sticker and spacex flag
and i'm assuming the rocket wishes co-op
off over here looks like the windows XP
like no no i don't know
definitely in the right location I love
to be able to see off that hill you
actually see like the place where God
imagine how much trouble you get in for
flying a drone around here no no no
Casey nice duck no no no Nasir that's
obviously not NASA but you know and
that's a building that's pretty dope to
end it do you like coffee I said yeah
dude look at this this is called nitro
brew apparently it's the strongest
coffee they serve and she gave me a shot
of it it looks like I'm drinking a
Guinness time to try a Starbucks his new
nitra not sponsored and tastes like cold
dirty water but yeah
like they want to me Luke whose do you
got a sec to get coffee around here my
vanilla latte ice refreshing was help
looks like a few more people oh my god
what the heck a few more people
definitely turned up geesh so when we
got here it was probably probably stay
where that guy in the orange top is
there yeah we're like 100 cars deep
either side right now Wow we found our
homies yeah got Eve oh you are the honey
you wretched no way I can't I can't
believe that we bumped into these guys
yesterday dude the moment when I saw
your profile picture you had my hoodie
on
I didn't think you're gonna wear it
today my god two minutes too large
yo thank you very much but one minute
okay I know I feel like I can hear
something as well five
why
oh okay the run direction oh my god I
can hear it oh my god I can feel that we
have opened the Prix valve we're
beginning to chill in the upper stage
engine in preparation for ignition
throttling down the engines in
preparation for Miko
there you go
I didn't see go nope because I was
looking the wrong direction but then I
heard it you guys shout I was like oh
snap it's going over awesome that was
actually awesome thank you very much for
this the power of space you see this one
cloud that it's left behind over the not
not something I expected a I don't have
one of most amazing audiences did you
have a thing for YouTube we bump into
someone and the life we are like a true
family we are a true syndicate dude mad
times see you later brother
look after yourself thank you just like
I look at how all those cars just
disappeared
everyone just pops
this place but uh I felt like crawl no
joke from my groin as great I'm not
joking tomatoes don't shoot away dude
thing what if it's that put some some
ladybugs on STDs did you know that no
don't seriously fun fact if it's a
yellow ladybug it's got STD Wow I can
zoom in fire with this camera
cleaning his legs cool I'm sorry I just
assumed your gender hey Jay Shem I don't
really like it was cool luke and i
driving into town Leif was like keep
your eyes peeled for an antique showroom
guess what we found
Antiques antiques antiques entire store
on sale oh yeah oh yeah dude yeah this
is this is exactly where I want to go
right now
exactly you know so this is a antique
store
everything's 50% off I'm gonna have to
buy something I might buy this face of
John Wayne bookcases 1295 expensive rare
TYB knees if that's the case I should
buy one for my mom hmm that's not
terrifying at all not in the slightest
Luke seriously oh my gosh out of
everything in this cover cabinet tell me
what I like wah wah that's easy dude
what is that that's an oh my gosh that's
awful that's a classic wait how much is
it that is hilariously scary Lucas found
okay that's pretty cool shot glasses
bottle for gin how are you getting how
are you surprised
40 bucks Wow this is for your book to
the world what the heck I feel like
that's more of a steal
to be fair I want to say thirty five and
eleven deal I had to take the civil
monkey I'm sorry but that is from
ecology Tom bees I'm taking it hey Luca
think I find you your next wife the most
random thing of it we yeah we came back
into the hangar seven congratulations of
a successful life today oh yeah I was
gonna say you're doing to help it to
happiness into the next successful
launch thank you whoa oh my gosh this is
a really cool spot well I was not
expecting the day to pan out like this
Oh give you guys a context those guys in
there responsible for attaching the
sabich's
to the space at X rockets they're
actually SpaceX employees the guy who
sat down there was getting a lot of shit
because on the satellite it was like ice
forming on it and where they ice formed
or something and that's because it
wasn't like a hundred percent clean
clean I I could be completely making out
but that's what I gathered from the
conversation bought how much is this
that we just remember we Luke was like
oh I'm gonna look inside and see if T
got any vinyls because he thought it was
a shop and it's not it's about but
they're not open yet so the reason why
he gave us a bottle of beer for free
it's cuz the legally can't sell any so
then houston we have a problem
this is amazing we are excited for you
to open oh this is amazing
so goddamn cool this why I love vlogging
I bumped into no one no one invited us
to the rocket launch and then from the
rocket rocket launch we came to the
antique store and then from that we got
to here
not solar paneled tables and springs for
chairs this guy's gonna be a very
successful bar owner that's all I'm
saying
I I can just say I didn't expect to bump
into like three SpaceX employees today
no we totally displaced let alone a
SpaceX employee who just opened a bar
they just open about any super nice
that's pretty cool life works in
mysterious ways did ya I said I said the
guy gave him feedback from here I was
like oh it looks like he's it's selling
old instruments yeah yeah and then when
you look up talking just like oh all
local wine thing whatever I didn't think
about it that's the main sign he wants
he wanted that to be as big as the
entire thing but the council won't let
him get rid of this so you know what
hangar seven if you have around here
where are we again what book Lompoc
one part if you're over in Lompoc for a
space epsilon X launch gonna be yourself
a drink inside there and say hello to
the homie Cruz he wants a place once
again Chris thank you very much for the
drink it was very nice to meet you
we're gonna rock n roll unfortunately we
were missing is a private party tonight
at 7:00 p.m. but you know what yeah part
of me wants to stay justice yeah yeah
Ilan turns up yeah stay on this critic
is two hours and 56 minutes to get back
Geir going get her away right lips on
the teeth and I'm getting sucked out of
one leg I didn't see any radiation I
didn't manage to go and see any lava but
I did see a rocket get sent into space
that's a pretty good selection of things
to do right honest to god dude the life
if you're not subscribed to this channel
right now click that subscribe and share
with your friends tell them about the
story tell about what we do there is the
days where we do nothing but there is
the days where we do shit like this so
we just wait we literally just winging
it down way the power of winging it is
unbelievable because life's too short
make the most of it and there's no one
else I'd rather be doing this with right
now so mad he knows where I'll go next
nearly just caught my attention was oh I
just cooked all my my my like a
scratched it luckily didn't get my
tattoo worth it worth it don't even care
if he in check play two days and always
a fun healthy don't get you proud of
your decisions
loving it cuz I am that was good you
catch him poke mom yes what'd you catch
you're making me want to download it
again
not too sure what where the hell's it
caught was that maybe a hospital too
sure what's going on there but we got a
chopper bird in the sky if everybody
says oh thanks FedEx do we out of the
100 the 101 for watching Luke and I'm
stuck in traffic they're uh hating life
right now because they have two hours to
go before they get home what if we found
here you see an open gate Luke drove
past this on the way up the coast and we
saw this pair and we were like as a
random pair that makes no sense and now
we've come back past it it still doesn't
make no sense because it looks like it's
completely locked off but what I'm for
real quick Wow
okay man we're gonna work out what the
heck it is cuz it leads out to an island
that's a bit of a god damn sign tsunami
hazard zone mmm okay something to do
with oil those people that we're talking
to just said but not too sure what I'm
not too sure why it's got a lock on it
it says no admittance must check in and
a speed limit look at that though
beautiful beautiful oh it looks so
magical
I'm walking for some crabs I'm sure
there has to be there has step is just
looking for some light rock smallish
rocks that can move to try and ignore my
good to try and uncover graviton oh wait
what's that oh there's a lobster
it is crabs meat where are you
be under the airy little cloudy one I'm
grabbing all I need is some string and
some bacon and I'll show you how we do
it in Blackpool no seriously in
Blackpool if you didn't know this you
can actually catch crabs with it with
sleeping with the wrong person way but
no you can catch crabs oh I found a crab
oh it's okay
I found you mission accomplished no no
no no no Cara wait what about under the
rock how many you are living under here
tada oh uh I was into this rock you can
straight-up catch crabs with string in a
hook and bacon
it works I've got anyone my dad I'm over
here having like a moment we live like
hugging him looking at the environment
like wow loo looks aged fo and I'm like
what are you doing look at these phonies
on Pokemon go game is mine you're on a
date addicted off you caught a whale
alright it's ok you just keep doing you
I'm not you I'm not judgmental what a
seriously cool little spot we've just
found look at those like a stray out the
houses like straight on the drive some
steps into the beach look at that that's
a cooler a little round section on the
end of it very very cool a basic we've
made it back inside we did stop twice
don't get me wrong but wow what an
adventure eh oh my god that guy's got
the license plate dark matter oh that's
amazing
red Tesla car that's amazing dude watch
this place in a layer on point a super
super nice Tesla but oh my god this guy
is ruin those wheels why and they're
being too you put the windows down the
moment I fire it I was like you live
know is that blow away
he noticed no way
you've got Tim the top man and shroud on
the main display what so I've never seen
that place before I know they're all
popular in like China and Tokyo and and
no idea are in LA makes sense
$4 an hour to play in a high-end gaming
PC with a $13 like sign up to the actual
conquered like the bit lip of the
business which that is an amazing deal
$4 an hour to sit and play video games
on a high-end gaming PC that's my
I mean we could go and get a massage we
don't get it wrong we have reached the
final massage for only 60 bucks they
will break snap and fix you so I think
I'm gonna go for the sole 100 bronze
know that gents
this is pretty intense Brussels sprouts
look amazing
okay very nice compared to Tatsu which I
gave like nine nine and a half ten this
one was amazing the broth was amazing
however I didn't get much meat there's
like at one slice of pork in it and the
pork was kind of flavorless but the
broth and everything was so good heyhow
attempt you're an absolute star okay I
will go to pieces I'll see you tomorrow
we're so dude it's in a hot minute since
I've been in here like every day you
know I want to wake up and I edit my
vlog on my laptop I could just come in
here and do it on my computer without
got in here cuz this is a computer we
like to 1080 T eyes but I just choose to
do it on my laptop for some reason boy
I'm gonna plug everything in see how
everything's rocking and rolling and
maybe do a light nightfall stream stream
finite string sure yeah
how about let's not I played for at
night for about an hour and then decided
that no I'm terrible at that game I need
to spend more time and more practice on
it before I even attempt to start
streaming again I'm gonna win today's
walk here just because it's been a long
one upon reviewing the footage of the
SpaceX launch it wasn't exactly the most
impressed
for each port I kind of forgot of her
far away the actual spaceship was
outside the rocket was it sounds like
y'all just got to zoom in a bit on it
and just see it a bit more but then it
upon zooming in it just became this
blurry pixel so I can do is apologize
for that what I will do if you are
interested in seeing it to a full launch
I'll put the space X video to watch the
whole thing like the launch of all HD
everything down down below it's just
really it's amazing I've just been
watching on my laptop right now
expectations reality zoomed in you can't
see a single thing but hey 10 out of 10
for effort right I tried I failed but it
is but you know what I enjoyed the
experience and I'm glad I brought you
guys along with me as well like them
staff members that we actually saw
afterwards would truly actually spake
SpaceX employees which was just
incredible so I can't wait to go back
out there for another rocket launch we
will go again because that bar is gonna
be open and all the employees are gonna
be going there for drinks afterwards so
it should be a really really awesome
time but I'm gonna go now guys thank you
very much for watching you've all been
incredible I said this at the end of
yesterday's vlog thank you very much for
like the love and support on the blog
recently like so everyone who's new
around in you know clicking that
subscribe button if you've not if you
don't you know what a subscribe button
is you know make YouTube account
subscribe and then ding dong that Bell
next to it so you get all the
notifications if you are new around
there like leaving a like cratons like
super helpful it just lets me know that
people are enjoying the videos but you
know as always like leaving a comment
let me know what you thought about the
blog truly truly thank you for your love
thank you for your support if you guys
aren't follow me on instagram at
syndicate make sure your doing it there
and if you're not forming a pro
syndicate make sure you follow me I'll
put a link down below for that book like
I said if you want to see the full space
X video launch I'm gonna put it in the
description so if you wanna go and enjoy
that then go ahead and do so but guys
what an awesome day
what an awesome community I have to be
able to do these opportunities you know
and like just lead me on different paths
in life so I'm gonna get a good night's
sleep I'm gonna rest I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next day of love
so much love and I said yes
