good morning look I had a good night's
sleep it is a Monday morning it is a
great name paradise get up edit the vlog
and stop this day yes I fell asleep
fully clothed like a potato I did it did
it did it dude dude dude I did my blog
oh that's right that's right I got up on
time edit my vlog going back to bed for
a little bit before my vlogs rendered
and then I clip loaded but oh my god oh
my love this bag well where's the
ceremonial cutting with the respondent
what is this nonsense now that I'm glad
you're able to get a little bit of sleep
much love Tom I like how that was also
being filmed at the same time as the
Pirates of the Caribbean theme but this
is bu good sir EDC
it was amazing I love to but I'm
officially free EDC Las Vegas you were
amazing Charles thank you very much for
the honker but it's time to get on with
life the next step what is the next step
there actually isn't one I as I told you
guys again and again and again I was
supposed to be going to Ukraine I was
gonna be going so I'm gonna spoil it
soon as though it's not happening now
let me just show myself up you just stop
as you guys know I said I was going off
to Ukraine and I was going on an
adventure but I didn't tell you what I
was gonna do but I was actually gonna go
to Chernobyl I was gonna go to the
radiation facility not the actual
facility but you know all the grounds
around it and explore it was gonna be an
amazing little trip that was doing with
this company and I was dead excited for
it and everything's good and I'm still
planning on going and it was just like
yeah I should have all it's so goddamn
random but sure why not laugh at Tom and
it was like the perfect follow-up after
EDC Las Vegas to then a day of rested on
a day of pure travel and just like
exploring the world and it fell through
so unfortunately no Ukraine no Chernobyl
and I'm trying to plan on going to
Hawaii still but apparently that the the
lava well let me show you this the the
lava in Hawaii now is spreading so
quickly that it's now look what it's
turned into look at this it's poor how
insane is this but the lava is now
pouring out like super stupidly fast
into it into the ocean but then this gas
that's coming out I think he's called
leis I might be wrong as a mother but
this
it's called gas where the love is being
cooled into the ocean water is coming up
into the air and it's like poisonous it
can like burn your clothing and stuff
like that so it's really not safe to go
right now however I still really want to
go and the thing is like going there I
don't just want to go on my own I want
to go with someone that I can adventure
with and I I'm thinking of who I can hit
up in LA to say yeah oh come on let's go
let's go do it but my boy Jeff Lombardo
who let me show you something else is
the man behind this epic fart or like
the wife of Tom banner and basically
what branded me is life of Tom moving
forward he was in LA he didn't say he's
him because I was off in Las Vegas he
felt by the time I got back from Vegas
he'd be gone out of LA back to Seattle
however he's from at the moment but I
said some like yo let's get together
let's let go to Hawaii you know you're a
professional photographer let's go shoot
this year this would be absolutely
amazing when are we ever gonna get like
an experience like this ever again so
let's go and do it
and his response is not really anything
he said he went to a meeting yesterday
and I was like sure okay we'll try and
catch up afterwards or whatever and
there's been no response so we've been
talking about traveling together and we
talked about venturing together this is
the perfect opportunity so if you guys
follow Jeff on Twitter
can you please all go bombard him and
say go to Hawaii with Tom and go poke
lava with some sticks so if you could do
that for me that would be great yeah I
really need to start taking care of
these shoes man I've like I don't how
they've done this but like little bits
of fiber just stands like hanging off
them in there all dirty so I know
everyone says I lose crap protect but
genuinely serious question should I use
crept protect or is it just like an
overhyped overpriced thing nice you just
totally just watched my show you like
fairy liquid or something so anyone has
a suggestion there or how to help
protect shoes I'm listening on top of
them one ready to go down to three B D
oh I was just about to say and there
should be a package downstairs for me
but there's no it's a yeah oh I'm saying
this right now what the heck
there's twitch prime advertisement on
the box what that he's still running
mate right switch prime but what have I
ordered something that's hopefully good
here we go here we go a brand new
battery case but for my iPhone X the
company that I usually like you know
just kind of always like live and
breathe and die by for using phone
charges it's called no fee but they
haven't got one for it I don't know why
I don't know what the deal is they
haven't got one bought iPhone X a
battery charger I want to say I trust
this but it only cost like 30 something
dollars and all the writing on it is in
like Chinese and stuff like that so and
what my next statement was gonna be is
I'm absolutely loving this pot sucker so
like you know what you know just then a
second ago
I like now you're on a flat surface you
just turn a standard flat surface
well the iPhone apps is so slick but
even if you're trying to stand it up
against like this or it means anything
on a denser side it just Falls and Falls
and falls so the pop socket is like the
greatest thing and I've used it so much
because then I'm look at this look at
this I'm hunting spree but I also know
that companies like brands are allowed
to work with pot socket pop socket so I
think we made it in touch to them about
getting a cynic original pop something's
doing because that's the very necessary
necessary thing but with this now said I
was I was actually gonna go yeah pop pop
socket is so good it's so good it's so
good
but I'm happy I'm gonna have to get rid
of it because I need to put my phone
case on so it was nice knowing you
Marbley fat pop suck it right down to
the office little break my case right
let's give this look a quick elevator
review it feels good when you hold it
like that
the edges of this plastic feel a bit
like flimsy and like and quite sharp
it has a sad face on it which is great
and over there nah wait what is that
still a whitening poor charger no oops
okay drop test test seems okay most of
these phone cases that you get the
actual plug socket on the bottom is a
microUSB not this so that's good okay so
this is a good salvage start right now I
managed to get the pop suck it off cuz
the back of the iPhones plastic it still
kept Alex glued to it and there's
nothing on the back of my phone so I
put my phone in this and then stick the
pops I'll get to that perfect it seems
to hold on pretty well as for holding
itself upright does the job why did I
leave it this time
look at that traffic
whatever I do don't drop their coffee
this time last time I did this I dropped
Luke so instead I'm carrying Luke's now
on risking mine so 10 ago 3bd have a
meeting and then decide what the hell
I'm doing the rest of my life looks like
the company blow is his back in business
welcome to HD buttered on Mars a big bed
welcome to HD backup now if I need any
furniture for the office upstairs come
down here and buy it I'm talking about
Mike I think I think we're about to move
into the new office I should be helpful
bullshit
that's a new phone who's gonna be at my
office this time eh mmm-hmm oh no one
nice I can reclaim it I've just got over
the IP for what we're working on it's
great thanks really great I gave my
notes to get my no except of my little
scribbles on the side of the paper which
make no fucking sense to anyone else who
doesn't really my writing like look at
this pen writing is absolutely terrible
but you know whatever but no this looks
like a Netflix special to me what is we
watching what's wrong with it
what's wrong with but relaxing Chris
white why do you have to point out is
what why don't you just say it's a man
acts since why don't you say something
why does it got to be black
yes oh yeah you are yes you're racist
yeah you are a racist
Oh what see your racism comes out your
mouth so did you paint me it's been like
a week still not pink oh wait oh really
where's Martin oh not here that's pretty
awesome
oh I had a little what I thought yeah so
she gave me a penis boom for something
that I was like yeah so I have already
seen Deadpool but because I missed the
first five minutes of it we're going
again
oh he hasn't seen I'm going again and we
got special guests joining us so that
should be pretty cool look forward
seeing him again and then over
we're free I came I saw I conquered
really big things have newly through
beauty and then again next time I'm out
in LA like next month we should
hopefully be in the new office so bring
it on let's definitely polish it I know
that's his backpack that oh my god I
love your wad wheel oh my god dude can I
try it
can I try it yes are you dude I was like
that's his backpack oh shit okay let's
do this jacket I'm gonna nail it
oh not nail the ground I mean nailed it
just lean forward we'll see you we'll
see okay protip protip so these two pads
are here in the center yeah
this was such bad so okay so it was a
little like this so I was having
troubles activating so you wanna be be
in that world okay good get me away from
the cars where our thought was about to
go into it okay whoa
oh that's weird how do you think about
it man
that is dangerous I tried right right is
that a Casey knife start selfish and I
like fell on the floor so I feel good
that I went at least five feet but you
do it like a pro go on full speed it
full speed it goes both ways
dude are you trying it soon when you
tried them Segway things you nearly died
okay that's seriously cool man that is
seriously cool they couldn't go on like
any surface right like sand enchilada
Wow do you might let your legs are so
stable right now mine were wobbling all
over the place Oh los angeles the city's
cute the girls are cute the weather's
miserable the traffic's great that vans
got rape
that's definitely i am the worst
influenza Luke ever yesterday when I
hear will be like yo let's do Westworld
and get food and he was like I'm really
tired I was like we're doing it we're
just parked here I could smell KFC and
we're about to go back in like chill for
a minute I'm like that's ketchup filet
hey do you want chick-fil-a yes
chicken sandwich burger dude chicken
some waffle fries
chick-fil-a sauce sake house too
No
it's pretty good
chick-fil-a come on on put in your mouth
oh my god wait mom - new chick-fil-a in
Century City wait seriously
yeah oh wait shit yeah there's a brand
new one it just opened up sorry
that's Century City I don't promote them
too much you don't get paying for this
shit okay my dogs Beth oh there there
there
we're gonna do it we're gonna do it I
was gonna say this vlog idea for another
day but there's a craze that's taking
over late la by storm right now and it's
a it's an app called bird where you you
basically rent a scooter it's like uber
the skewers be ride yourself maybe I
look on the app you search for where
there's a scooter in the area you walk
towards it tells you how much battery
it's got like the mostly usually fully
charged and shit like that and you just
leave them whatever you can pick them up
whenever leave them wherever you'd have
to worry about anything I have to do is
run it through the app on your phone you
scan a barcode and you can screw around
LA and we just seen great
she almost fell off that step what the
heck is that does she take poos about
that big do you even need a bag for it
oh my god bang which ever song that is
on oh my gosh Luke's Luke sir collection
of vinyl E's that's gonna say it's
actually really intense this may be like
say that one and that one that I don't
know but the rest of them I've seen so
far are pretty credible DJ Luke damn is
he supposed to be doing that
it's like this is magical
amen maybe I was just a little bit harsh
on this drinks I'm gonna try it still
tastes like ass not the good kind
you said they were still there they were
still there you're gone you stopped some
somewhere you tell me someone stole our
birds if you say someone stole my bird
in the UK that means someone stole your
girlfriend
I'm so sad all right we got to find
something I want to go on some but we're
now going to go and watch Deadpool 2
again let's go I'm chick-fil-a yeah is
the closest parking job I've ever seen
that person definitely him since plate
is fly solo ooh
okay that's that has a different meaning
you think you think Rolex is better than
Breitling oh I love rattling you're a
bad one
Dez yeah oh you have holy shit looks
kind of Tesla see little Bruce oh my god
there it is that oh I'm so happy right
now
good good decisions we made was this not
a good show we bought a chick-fil-a but
I may come back here tomorrow for lunch
because they've got a ramen place we've
never tried it before okay this is
pretty good this is pretty good looks
pretty amazing - uh good decisions -
great this is look at this 12 count
chick-fil-a Nuggets spicy sandwich and
the lineup of sauces I even laid out the
labels for you to be able to see my
guard get that nugget and you won't
we're gonna go ahead and try to
chick-fil-a sauce oh yeah doesn't even
look like real sauce but year
now how we go juice that was worth
though that was worth the way look look
at look at how wide his shoulders are he
looks like a little hipster he's outfit
it looks so fancy
yeah owned it you should text him text
him texting are now
hey man we just fight we just followed
you from this player you got you know
you walk you come no shit once I gonna
hunt some oh yeah by the way our special
guest after he stalked him is this guy
again hey you could see it so we don't
have this in England and I'm like what
is it this is the Dolby theater so we're
going to dog the AMC and yes I'm going
seen Deadpool again never seen it before
honest so we have IMAX in the UK but we
definitely don't have Dolby whatever
that is so basically the most important
thing here is that we don't have to wear
glasses which it makes the movie just
super dark and I don't know where no
glasses when I'm going to move this I
just want to enjoy it so or tone hey
Jordan Dolan Dolan that we just
unknowing we just met said where's my
knight season 3 I don't talk about you
dude this is well fun see I've never
been here before
yo wait we were reclining chair in this
shit oh yes emergency watch your step
right this way
Oh yo straight up
we just met Nolan and he's mom told us
is it that there's a SpaceX launched I
don't a shout it's gonna go choir but
there's apparently a SpaceX launch
tomorrow are you down to go and see I
already said to him and he's not I don't
care about a rock ooh it's not
impressive the after credits is the best
thing about oh my god it's like destiny
yeah so maybe the ones that we saw them
up earlier when I pulled out my phone to
check it didn't show up so the proper
watcher is probably dead damn it
seen another one and we still can't use
it oh it was nice seeing mr. sparkly
pants are watching Deadpool with it I'm
now gonna try and find some chapstick
mission was a success boys that went for
a strawberry flavored chapstick oh and
I've missed the light perfect oh now I'm
hoping this place is open so I can get
some of that cream that I was using in
Vegas for my legs for my tattoo because
I don't have any and the more time I
don't moisturize my leg the more it can
be damaged so I'm not going in there
because that's closed damn it I'm gonna
try and see if bond is open and see if
they've got this moisturizer that I need
to put on my tattoo
it's got like yours Aquos something it's
basically just moisturizer that's not
scented and it's safe for your tattoos
so okay wish me luck
it's called aqua for taco farm yes this
is it that's what I need
let me let me
Aquifer healing ointment dried cracked
and irritated skin perfect I actually
cannot believe I got what I came for
I wasn't us there's no expecting to plan
that to pan out but I have got
interesting news so you know like when I
have a plan I'm like yeah what are
Solyndra doing that and I'm like so
stoked I so excited cuz I have literally
something planned I'm looking forward to
it's like a normal person but for me
adventures like looking forward to
Christmas something jazz I'm so excited
so obviously like you cane trip fell
through and I'm really sad so I'm like
oh I've got to fill that with something
else that's what I'm talking about to go
in Hawaii or came in or just just going
somewhere just doing something different
doing something like the worst thing for
me is I hate just sitting around doing
nothing
I know it's like it's nice to have a day
of just chill like and relax and
recuperate and I do do that but then
when these days you just do the same old
shit I hate it I've done that I can do
that any day that week I want to travel
and explore and do shit so randomly when
we were going into the movies the lab
that we mouths ID is mama has a friend
who works at SpaceX and noses that nose
of a viewing point to go and watch the
rocket launch tomorrow
now we're not going to SpaceX or
anything like that but they gave was the
address to a location to go and watch it
and apparently it's a spectacular view
so go and watch it so like me and Luke
tomorrow morning maybe getting up and
going watching a space X rocket launch
which I did not think I was gonna be
saying I was gonna be doing that from
going from a radiated nuclear plan to
potentially go and see in a volcano to
potentially go and see in a rocket
launch tomorrow that's that's a that's a
random series of events that I approve
off and you better know you're gonna be
watching an amazing rocket set off in
1080p shot from an iPhone sorry about
that so because I have to get up at a
whopping like 7:30 to get up to go to
the rocket launch tomorrow I decided to
edit my vlog down so I did
I'm really tired it's two o'clock in
morning this vlog will be up in the next
eight hours so Tara Tom's on time for
once hope you guys enjoyed that fact
because struggle bus is still real but
guys thank you very much for watching
the vlogs I know over the past like like
a couple of weeks the
the audience engagement on this channel
has been insane like you guys like in
the comments in the ratings like people
subscribe and also it's like just
reading your guys feedback and like bump
into people everywhere here like caring
about has just been honestly
overwhelming it's been incredible you
guys have shown so much love and support
and I just want to try and stick to my
one job which is to get this video
filmed which is my day which is my life
up by 6 p.m. every single day I'm sorry
when I mess it up I really am I don't
mean for that to be the case I try my
best to stick to my schedule it's just
whether or not I'm tatts asleep hungover
like I don't have Wi-Fi I don't have
laptop charge that sort of stuff like
there's so much to take into account but
I really want to get my shit together
and make sure I get it on time for your
faces so for those who like don't really
care and just like hey man I'm
subscribed with notifications on so I'll
just see it whatever time it comes out I
really appreciate your awesome for those
of you I like you know like the schedule
and I appreciate that and respect it but
I do say this the most important thing
you guys could do is follow me on
Twitter at Pro Syndicate like I'm active
on that all the time I'm constantly on
my tweets reading them like it's kind of
an addiction to be honest I've just got
to say that right now but it's the best
way to get notified of when I'm gonna
post the next vlog so thank you for
watching and we'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog and
I'll try and work out whether or not I'm
gonna go to Hawaii whether or not I'm
gonna go to a different country or
whether or not I'm gonna go home like
kick around the UK for a bit and then go
off to Greece which is a definite I've
got my flight's box I've got my hotel
booked I am going to Greece at the end
of next week so we'll see how that goes
but honestly thank you for your time you
could do anything with it but you chose
to watch this video so I appreciate you
much love click that like button
subscribe ding dong your notifications
I'll see you tomorrow at 6 p.m. you next
day the vlog where we may be watching a
rocket launch nope wait a min last time
I Ultra sets
