it's a new dawn it's a new day it's
currently half past 7:00 in the morning
and I'm just about to start editing my
vlog I have two hours and 15 minutes
worth of footage
oh my god I can't we have to have this
it's now 11 o'clock I managed to get it
down from two hours 50 minutes to 1 hour
10 I'm only halfway through so I'm done
good job so far but I'm gonna be out
this room by 11:00 so we have to take
this down to the business room and try
and start it out there
seriously we shot at this hotel for
another night just talking staying in
edit before I get saw it get organized
not even have a shower that's how bad
times are not even had a shower
nonetheless it's been great yo I just
walked out my hotel room like checked
out realize that I've left a chip on the
table went back left a hundred dollars
on the side all right welcome to home
time to sit down get my edit done get
the hell out of agus I see you know I
actually edited the video I don't
waiting for it to render I didn't know
think I was gonna get this done it's a
it it's 8:11 right now in the UK so the
vlog to two hours in 11 minutes late but
the fact that I got this video I did you
don't know how much of a struggle that
was for me I'm running right now off
thirty minutes sleep I've not been to
bed yet the struggle is real to upload
it it's gonna take two hours so rather
than it being uploaded at nearly like 11
o'clock at night what I'm gonna try and
do instead is I'm gonna try and go to
the Apple store and see if the Wi-Fi is
fast there it worked in Paris
it might work in Vegas okay business
center thank you very much your time you
did exactly what I needed and if I'm
back I'll be back because the upper
Wi-Fi worship I can't believe I've
jumped into an uber and I'm listening to
the Pirates of the Caribbean
oh my god this is meant to be this is
amazing
is this things I've I've let been left
behind all
okay a chrome Jaguar I have I have
several questions I'm definitely gonna
send this to all my friends from Jaguar
just to show them that is the most
random car I've ever seen okay so I made
it to the Forum Shops in Caesars Palace
where apparently there is an Apple Store
I'm gonna try and stand outside up for
look how fancy this place is quite cool
fending quite fancy so hopefully I can
stand outside and upload my vlog but at
the same time I heard there's a
cheesecake factory in this building as
well so you better know I'm getting some
girl if they weren't weird enough
there's there's an anchor dropping
anchor soon that's a dope pockets are oh
my god I don't think I've actually ever
been in here this is incredible Wow
amazing there it is the Apple Store I am
so hoping this thing has faster than
that like seriously I need this right
now
oh and there's the Cheesecake Factory
sweetie the Apple Wi-Fi is insanely
quicker rather than it taking me two
hours it says 12 minutes I don't really
believe that number book if that's
actually true and oh my god I'm gonna
cry this was a good decision
12 minutes oh my god done done and
dusted
how happy I get when I edit the vlog is
one thing for how happy I get when I've
got the vlog loaded is dude it's pure
passion man pure goddamn passion whoa
what the heck
whoa this is amazing I had no idea this
this was in here reminds me of Dubai Wow
that's so cute this is exactly what I
need to cure a hangover right now oh my
gosh yes that food is exactly what I
needed
well I'm now actually texting jaws again
some and asking him if I can have a
sleep in his room because I ain't got
anywhere to stay
come on flights in four hours because
I've not slept at all
like look at me I almost can't keep my
eyes open I feel like I'm gonna pop all
over like I'm just I'm just happy that I
ate some food otherwise I'm being a bad
spot right now so I've text him see if I
can go back to the hotel crash on his
for like literally for like two hours
and then head to the airport because I
do not trust myself falling asleep in
the airport I want 100% miss my flight
I think I could have actually stayed
another night in Vegas if I could have
found a hotel room and just got around
all the hotels and just looked at them
because like look at this listen this is
just on a completely different scale
like how is how is this in a hotel in a
casino in a mall like what the actual
hell yet everyone's going crazy
they definitely won humanity 18 plus
rated sorry I'm talking about have you
seen it
oh really you know right now I've
got three and a half hours before my
flight
I've message jaws and I'm going to his
room and sleeping on the floor because
I'm so tired I have not slept since
yesterday
tom is in a bad spot right now and I
mean it oh I have to say this okay I
appreciate this overall I've set my
alarm and I'm going to bed I managed to
fall asleep in these guys watch the vlog
so this is but I think you saw him in
yesterday's vlog but this is some little
brother so good to see you again brother
you like the day the life so that's nice
and blue Oh what is this this is some
also known as jaws thank you so much for
sleeping sofa love your movie team all
the best
oh my god Oh like a different person I
seriously feel like a different person
you have no idea how badly I needed that
Sam thank you
he's like getting all these set ready
fits and I cuz he's performing it like
3:00 a.m. again you know Weezy he's all
up he's just chillin and he's getting
work done and I was like what can I come
crashing you got down floor and he's
like you gotta take this over I did like
I fell asleep like three hours I am one
happy British guy right now huh none I
am glad to be going I'm glad to be going
I know that if I got my like next I
wouldn't and was like yeah screw I'm
staying
it's about that I just feel like
absolute crap one day and I'm one day I
want to feel fresh man I wanna be funny
feel fresh I want to feel good and I
want to start my week bright the EDC Las
Vegas you did good Sam
Charles you did good but it has been an
absolute pleasure I will be back I will
return and who knows if I come and do
EDC again next year
who should I do it with I don't know
either way
much love to Alaska Airlines you have
price of your ticket was stupidly
expensive but I got myself a flight home
and buy a home I mean we're going to Los
Angeles well I was actually gonna do is
the founder flight for 300 pounds that
was a direct 10-hour flight to get me
straight to Manchester England I was
gonna take that but by the time I
clicked on it if I was looking at like
there's no way this is real and I was
like it's Graham she's gonna go home to
England rather than LA and I click buy
and the ticket sold so I can't get it
how cool would that I've been I just
adore bucketing win like what if I want
a stayed in Josh's room that would have
been me and I guarantee I don't miss my
flight in positive terms I got ready to
first-class that's when I series with
oh my gosh get me home I really would
prefer to be going to Hawaii right now
looking at lava like dude there's an
actual volcano erupting and I want to be
what witness in it you know not dying or
anything I want to be witness in it so
if I can somehow plan get into Ohio
I'd maybe go out there with a homie
let's do it
there's been a hell innocence one second
here guys look everybody knows it's
great
Wow just like that I'm back in LA home
sweet home made it back already we put
her hey what's that guy's license plate
Parks and Rec that's pretty dope
now we have the struggle bus situation
of trying to find my uber looking for a
license plate 60 I'm not sure if I'm
seeing this correctly but I think
there's a queue coming out of that
building yeah this was this was a good
idea of like oh let's go some food go
see my friend watch Westworld but it
looks like I might be waiting like an
hour for food
oh my god yeah it's coming out the door
Oh totally worth the way I've got the
food I'm going up to Luke's house now
and we're gonna watch the new episode of
West world without ramen to go I
actually can't get over how busy this
place is it's now like 10 past it's 10
past 10:00 at night and dude Tatsu ramen
they know how to do it Tatsu ramen with
a soul probably my favorite place I've
ever had ramen in my entire life I'm now
actually waiting for I believe maybe
that Buber right there to take me to
Luke's house and we munching boys post
meats for Luke dude oh no I'll take the
dog there's actually no dude honest I
was laying on my bed doing nothing as
I'm just gonna pass out and all of a
sudden you said gonna watch Westworld I
was like don't let me get ramen let's do
this
all right sorry I thought that was a bad
episode I think that's the worst episode
sad we can't write we won't give
spoilers I'm just saying that if you're
up to season 2 episode 5 think of West
world I think that's the worst episode
we have read that was so off random
story it was like why still Bella came
around though just drink it because
dehydrate your book that is terrible
drink flavored soda soda water it's
horrible
it tastes like ass right ask tastes
better than this you've got that Tom
maybe I should syndicate original calm
huh on which is way too big for me one
second adjusting the size wait for it
wait for it wait for it there we go guys
see the commercial come get yourself a
brand new swaggy huh
we're done that's the work I did it I
did it I had a good night's sleep it's
now 5:13 p.m. in the UK so I have to get
this video rendered and hopefully
bloated for 6 o'clock if I do then
absolutely amazing and let me just say
thank you for bearing with me
I know yesterday's vlog was super super
late and like you saw how it panned out
today yeah I was really struggling guys
I was really I was just in a spot
because you know like I say like oh when
I come back from just like a casual
night owl like I get back at like two
three o'clock the morning and then I
have to get up at like 8 o'clock get the
fog get it uploaded by 10:00 a.m. whilst
I'm in LA like that the lack of sleep is
like crushing me when I do the vlogs
it's so much easier to be like on the
opposite side of the world is better to
be in England where I don't have to get
the vlog life till 6 p.m.
rather than like 10 a.m. so yeah this
shirt their struggle was just is it's
still real thank you for watching if you
are new around here make sure you click
that subscribe button you have it done
it'll just say subscribe you click it'll
say subscribed then what you've got to
do after that is you see the little bell
next to it click that turn on your
notifications every time I post a video
Gaylor know
Incendia to let you know that the vlog
is ready for your faces because you know
it's not exactly ready at 6:00 p.m.
every single day so you guys need to
find out when it's live and when it's
kicking so I'm gonna go get back in bed
after I've added this and uploaded it
for that maybe an hour two hours and
then start my Monday I do want to fly to
a different country but I've been
receiving a lot of health warnings about
going to Hawaii where there's a volcano
like I'm not trying to get in trouble
I'm trying to piss any like national
security off or anything like that I
just want to go because I want to see
some lava how amazing would that be and
I said it's just respectfully now I know
the lava is destroying people's homes
it's just part of Mother Nature just you
choose to live in an island that's
volcanic that's what happens like I'm
not trying to be a dick saying that like
I just want people to understand that
it's something that I'll probably never
experienced in my life in the UK sea and
lava flowing along the floor like if
I've got the capability I've been in LA
right now to fly to Hawaii quicker then
like obviously from the UK to go check
it out then that's kind of what I want
to do so mm-hmm we may be going on a hot
adventure but who knows make sure you
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next day vlog makes
you leave that like great farm ants
we're a pro syndicate follow me on
instagram at syndicate and I will
hopefully have a vlog for your faces
tomorrow on time and reasonably long so
much love adios and goodbye
