let's get rockin let's get rollin pack
my bags on we on the way strolling on a
tiptoe on my way to Trey at studios to
play a game Iraq and Robin right so we
have action is did I put my toothpaste
away without the lid on today I was
supposed to be going to the gym with
CaptainSparklez and Mike getting super
swollen super hench and then feeling
like absolute pain and agony for the
next week after that but I had to take a
rain check on that because we're going
to track and we're going to play buttons
for I'm gonna be one of the first ever
people to live stream the game before
it's even out yet so that's where hotel
review very nice actually really really
really comfy bed a slept didn't get
disturbed once in the night I don't
understand how when I sleep at hotels I
get like the best night's sleep
however when I'm at home in the world's
comfy is bed why I absolutely love it
like it's my home I should feel
comfortable all that sort of stuff I
wake up like nineteen thousand times and
can't sleep so not too sure about our
one but Sheridan then lax you're very
nice and giving you an eight out of ten
syllabic you know how I always say
breakfast is the most important meal of
the day and I always try and eat it well
that's not eating it and I'm starving
I'm shaking and I feel like crap so I
better find myself some food mr. Dominic
is getting man coffee and a better
breakfast my man and I'm gonna try and
see if I can use Starbucks his Wi-Fi
this is working and upload my dog most
of the day chocolate question I like how
you're the one who's supposed to know
this and I'm about to announce it like
welcome to Treyarch this is a the
unsigned building this is officially it
and a sign not small wow I I signed it I
signed in and I was just like I just
pulling someone's name as a guest i put
david vonderhaar ain't notify him I'm
here I didn't mean to do that I was just
about to say imagine that imagine having
one big game played on all these screens
imagine this is what it's like to being
you know the head of the Power Rangers
robot you know like all these windows
and they all just sit in their big comfy
chairs as per usual the vlog was late
all I can do is apologize for yesterday
late and I'm gonna continue to pologize
tomorrow as well cuz if I did go to Las
Vegas the vlog is most likely gonna be
late as well but came to triac and their
internet speeds are pretty good here so
uh would goodbyes I finally got the vlog
uploaded only a whopping two and a half
hours late I'm called Phil stick just
stick your guns what's your name
wow man Phil stick your guns let's go
that is next-gen fish detail right there
this ladies and gentlemen this make me
my mate suffocating down there with a
head screw Norfolk beef what I think he
just died underwater spare about that
riperoni Nate next-gen crab detail as
well now the ultimate test
don't forget guys just get frisky it's a
there's still hope I'm confident so I
get a kill streak
telling you don't even care there it is
boys let's go probably should have
called this in without parole where's
the muck Oh
okay cyber weapon you see what they boys
let's go apart from this alert it's a
map where pretty much everyone's inside
nice one track me please all stop
spawning down here
you're done
nice
Oh
now boys oh there's one thing I've
learned something you still the way
forward we had some good games we had
some not-so-good games absolutely
terrible but it was good it feels good
it feels a black ops guys I'm gonna rock
this trip not yell pleasure did under up
with the shrimp guys thank you very much
for tuning in I'm gonna get like my
trailer like breakdowns and reactions
and all that stuff doing hopefully
tomorrow but like I said I'm flying to
Las Vegas tomorrow I'm going doing
another Dana life with someone so it
should be pretty cool I'm excited for it
but it's gonna be a long like set of
neck the neck the neck 24 hours is
getting crazy
I'm so tired all dreams wrapped
everything went super smooth the one
thing I want to take away from this day
right now is this chair the coolest
hallway ever just so much are involved
in it dope thank you for your time till
another day
awesome livestream really good to see
everyone he's got like a flight in two
hours I should probably work but I'm
glad see Deadpool instead so you enjoy
your flight I enjoyed that all good bye
Treyarch the book this online but it
just wouldn't work and I'm running five
minutes late for because the movies
already started but I'm gonna try and
see if I can get in and watch it by
myself I've missed the first four
minutes book I don't really care
whatever and if you're undoing why I've
come here it's because you can unlike
you can order food and drinks throughout
the entire film which is pretty freaking
out but that's how I like to spend my
day did the live stream ecology it came
here what's this like check out this
place you've got all these chairs you
get food like blanket chill out you like
relax rich it's amazing it's so worth it
you just like come there get food watch
a movie get drink and just relax what a
perfect way to spend my day like I went
to Treyarch I actually went to the
studio and stream with them which was
just epic watch the movie ready to now
go to bed
seriously I could be done with my day
right now I'm so tired think it's about
time I let my tattoo breathe like I was
supposed to take this off yesterday and
I completely forgot oh my god I just
pulled off part of the tattoo like
actually seriously this is like
terrifying
ain't you still like fresh but still
coming off whoa what the fuck that's
crazy
weird like part of the M didn't stick to
my skin see what I mean
the rest of it though luckily did only
go thank God no it did it was just like
white stick it was just like white
stickiness stuck to it like C got a
little bit there I thought part the M
came up I was like what the heck a legit
at a panicky moment than thinking that I
shouldn't take it off and that I was
actually gonna put completely pull my
tattoo off bought it came off absolutely
fine and look at that a dirty made by
Ken tattoo sticker
yes nasty relax I have got myself a
buffer running so I can just dive in it
and absolutely switch off I'm having a
true Zen night tonight dead chilled air
relax because tomorrow should be
eventful will be for then let me update
you on a situation so you know I come
out tooth came out
let me turn this up no no no you do some
people like oh I got my wisdom teeth
removed and I'm like hi is Helen all
right well my wisdom teeth are coming
through now and I'm gonna show you a
clip of my wisdom tooth for the back and
how it's messing with my jaw and like my
cheek because every time I'm eating are
talking my wisdom tooth has grown
through that much now that it's catching
my cheek and it's caught in my chicken
oh I don't think you can tell but all my
cheek is like swollen get ready to see
where where am I chewing and chewing and
chewing and chewing and talking and
where all my back of my mouth has been
caught up so I'm pretty sure I'm gonna
have to go on out of the operation to
get my wisdom teeth removed take a look
tada
it looks hella nasty and it is hella
nasty cuz it's really painful every time
I bite down but I seriously think I'm
gonna have to get my wisdom teeth
removed
I really don't want to do that cuz I
absolutely hate the dentist boy every
time I talk every time I chew food or
anything like that it's just constantly
ripping my cheek like inside apart and I
just can't keep doing it so when I get
back to England we'll go into the
dentist and I think I'm gonna have to
have a very long operation I just bit it
again then professional traveler Tom
I've just booked my flights to get to
Vegas for tomorrow I just realized that
it says p.m. which it should say a.m. so
I'm gonna have to get a refund because I
did is wrong no only did I booked it
wrong it then turns out there's no more
flights available to get me to Las Vegas
a miracle appeared and I managed to find
the last flight there was only one more
c1 flight available flying out all day
to Las Vegas and I managed to get myself
a ticket at 11:15 get me in at 12:30 I
needed to be there for 12 but I messaged
my guy and he said this will be fine so
luckily I think I'm okay and I'm going
to Vegas
but fingers crossed boys so know a few
of you know what I'm doing tomorrow like
I'm going to Las Vegas there's a big
music festival going on there and I'm
gonna be kicking it with a DJ all day
now I don't want to spoil like what I'm
doing or anything like that I just want
to save it for the vlog because I kind
of know what
but I don't wanna get my hopes of his
like some of the things I've been told
we're doing are gonna happen or not
gonna happen or something like that but
it's gonna be another day in the life of
someone tomorrow I'm really looking
forward to I'm really stoked hang out
with this person I've actually only ever
met them once the last time I went to
EDC and it was super cool super chill
and I was just like I like this person
and we've always spoken said like we
should get together we should do
something like Karl I've been some way
shape or form and it was just like we
never found the right idea and like two
weeks ago I just messaged him it was
like hey super under but I'm in LA next
week Jordan get together at the weekend
I'm doing this new series explain like
what did we catch the sparkles and he
was like I was just about to text you to
say if you want to come to EDC with me
so I'm like sweet I'm I'm totally down
said yes booked my ticket and we're now
going to EDC so I need to I need to
decide what to take because I'm going to
Las Vegas I don't have any shots with me
whatsoever
like none so that's gonna be great I'm
gonna be in a desert where it's gonna be
like 100 and like 10 degrees Fahrenheit
if that's even the right saying
whereas in LA right now it's like 70 80
in in Vegas is gonna be like 100 and
like 20 110 which is gonna be very hot
so I'm gonna be sweating my absolute
tits off ball it should be a really
really really fun day tomorrow I'm
really looking forward to it I just hope
it all pans out perfectly and I don't
miss my flight so I'm gonna stop the
vlog here I know it said what are those
days where it's like well hope you
didn't really do much and the thing is I
didn't I just needed a day of rest up in
it I've been so exhausted from like the
traveling that the the event that
drinking everything I just needed a day
to switch off tonight - then tomorrow
and I'm just like I've got energy
I'm switched on you know I'm a lawyer I
know what's happening and I can make it
one of the best vlogs I've ever done
hopefully so I'm gonna try my best to
make tomorrow a really good vlog so guys
thank you tuning in I love you guys
faces make sure you leave a like rating
if you've not clicked subscribe on this
channel and the subscribe button says
subscribe
instead of subscribed then make sure you
make a YouTube account click subscribe
to notifications leave a like right and
follow me on Twitter a pro syndicate
follow me on instagram at syndicate and
everything should be gucci mane so much
love to you faces i will see you
tomorrow
and asari us
