no mess around today boys we're getting
straight on it tapti time to the airport
talk about you run away to start a day
I've got to go to the airport but rather
than hopefully not missing it I just got
these cat gulps proof which I'm just
dropping off at Lydia's house because I
really want to see him welcome package
delivered terminal 3
we meet again I'm really hoping I'm on
time for this flight it's currently
10:30 my flights at 12 that should be
more than enough
you know how the airports can be
sometimes you're hit subtract there miss
I have my phone I have my wallet and I
have my passport as far as I'm aware I
don't need anything else I want to say
no messing around I got the straight
through security but I got I got stopped
I got stopped you know wine one liquid
you supposed to put that in a
see-through bag this one liquid on its
own I'll put it in the tray and then he
got my bag got Paul I didn't follow the
rules properly all right London Heathrow
I don't even yeah 2:10 we've got you in
sight boarding yet sweet this now gives
me a little bit of time to go to the
airport lounge get some food I've
already edited and uploaded my vlog you
know what I forgot pretty organized
today you know I always say breakfast is
the most important meal of the day so
instead I'm gonna have us out of this
there is nothing quite like a cold piece
of toast with Germany
hmm crispy the one reason it's worth
going business-class with British
Airways is for this oriental mix gate
142 and child who's crying if you're on
my plane I'm gonna throw you out the
window
oh yeah look at the size of that cue
lovely jubbly we're about to London
London pretty much sideways the wind is
pillar strength quick 25 30 minute
flight and we're already touching that
and just like that I've moved to London
it's 10 PS 1 now I'm a flight to LA if
not till 10 plus 4 I've got ages
I'm aboard edited so little have nothing
to do introducing terminal I don't where
I am this is where I bought Alice's
watched from just I bought Alice's watch
from just down here I should go and just
like look at watches and see if the guy
I'll give me another beer just so I
could sit there and chill and talk so
have I expensive watches because I've
got so much time to kill I don't know
what to do
now since the last time I was at the
pawn I used to lose this so I need
another one I'm going to spend another
25 quid to get this back but then as you
can see think I'm finally gonna buy one
of these because they're only antennae
and I don't really have a lot of
selection of designs but this thing is
probably still helpful for me to just
like stand my phone up just so I can
like film and stuff like that I do it
only 127 right now and I'm not flying
till 4:10 I've got I've got absolutely
ages to wear it oh I guess I'm just
gonna go to the airport lounge and play
runescape hmm
the grind is real playing runescape got
absolutely everything charging I'm just
watchin playing London Los Angeles gate
c-56 oh do I want a baked potato for the
road hmm oh my gosh scoffs why is this
place so god damn busy this is gonna be
another 12-hour flight so you better
know I am snacking though I'm taking one
for the road oh I'm actually dreading
this flight anyway Tom what's wrong you
fly all the time it's just that I've
done you know the flight out to LA and
back just recently and when I was on
that flight I was like yeah I've pretty
much seen every film available on the
plane now like every film that I want to
watch so when I fly now I have to like
watch the the films that no one wants to
watch just to pass the time like I would
say I would sleep on the plane but I'm
not tired so let's just hope I can help
entertain myself on this beast of an
aircraft oh fail you with Tom and I just
happened to put my hand in my back
pocket where my cold sore cream was and
it has exploded
all in my back pocket hmm great thank
god there's conveniently a boots here
I'm gonna try and find some more cream
problem solved I just got so excited for
getting on this plane I was about to get
onboard check my Twitter and ali-a just
tweet that is on a plane about to set
off to LA which is exactly I'm doing so
just Texan was like which light you on
it turns out I'm fine with America and
he's flying with Virginia imagine if I
could've like met up with him on the
plane up doing amazing we're going on
this bad boy and we're getting on a le K
the lek
I'm on the top deck it'd still be nice
this should be a really nice vibe as
sweet as chips I got my home for the
next 12 hours and rather than trying to
fill mine this is what it looks like you
get a little footrest you live you
little chair you get this ready if you
don't like the person next to you just
do this just finished watching cars
three suit you could film seriously such
a good thank you very much this is like
a defensive splat I think I've ever seen
this is a little Club service really
yeah started a little bit old again very
nice it looks incredible the main cause
they're a Duke and all Michael just be
does this smell absolutely of me looks a
bit funky but it smells amazing
chocolate pudding for dessert
you like the world's cutest little snack
bar and you better know I'm taking some
of these you're never - all right now
we're quite literally in the middle of
bumfuck nowhere look in the middle of
nowhere oh wait we're flying over Canada
well I got about five more hours to go
so it's rock and roll was we're
currently chasing the Sun I've got the
oddest
I'm not quite sure what this is
No
okay so partly that was chicken but now
this definitely looks like chicken seek
artistically pasta so load the bike
please jump into the open position for
hunting I love how it's like three
o'clock in the morning but it's so nice
outside
Los Angeles we made it baby
we made it and just like that my feet is
on US soil and both my shoelaces are
undone I really should not be filming
the sunset right now because every
single person in front of me going
through security now is at least like
three to five minutes so if I could plus
ten people that's half an hour saved to
get me through security faster if you
think I'm joking I'm not like look how
fast I'm walking it's pretty nice people
if I can get in front of every single
person here that'll probably save me an
hour got my workshop on to the next day
I'm hoping to breeze through here this
is gonna be a new world record for me I
should have set a timer stopwatch there
cuz that is the quickest I've ever got
through that Airport in my life I just
got a text off ali-a saying that he's
going for drinks at the hotel but I'm
gonna go to my apartment shower get
changed
pack an overnight bag and then then go
to the hotel and catch up with everyone
I don't know who's gonna be there I
bought you like nearly every youtuber in
the world is so total of five minutes
later of getting off the plane I am in
LA easily the fastest I've ever got
through this Airport in my life oh my
god I've got it I put it down to a tee
now like an absolute team pro tip never
take the never take the escalators
always take the stairs you can walk
faster on the stairs then going down the
escalators oh no worries hey we're old
in style Oh what are you four Japanese I
basically just travel around and go
wherever I want do whatever one however
I want and I just film it on my iPhone
and then I edit it together put it on
YouTube and I've got like an audience
who tune in every day around about the
same time when it's on time to watch
what I make it's the the best job in the
world I'm here in LA until until
Saturday then I'm going to Las Vegas and
then after Las Vegas I'm coming back to
LA and then on Monday I'm going to
Ukraine to go to good
yeah you know like how some people have
like all professional cameras and all
that sort of stuff blah
everyone's got a phone in their pocket
and if you just plug your phone and film
with that if you've got a steady in a
fund and have a knife or a shot you
don't need no thousand-pound well this
the iPhones like a thousand pounds on it
but like you don't need no camera I have
the iPhone X oh yeah that's perfect for
it if you were to film your entire day
you could film on that and post it on
YouTube yeah I have my own YouTube
channel called life of Tom yeah they
just like follow my life they've almost
filmed every day my life for nearly
three years everyone knows us that
everyone always asks like how do you get
the money basically you know
advertisements that pop up on like say
when you watch a YouTube video and Idol
pop-up so it's just like ID revenue
that's generated through a mass amount
of clicks Google pay you just do I
classes an interesting tell you what you
should do then you should go on YouTube
when you get home and youtube.com and
then go and then search for life of Tom
and then subscribe to my channel and
then you can explore the world with me
yeah
you type in youtube.com you to done and
there'll be a big search bar like almost
like when you go on Google and then on
that search bar you just type it in and
you send your search life of Tom then
you click the subscribe button and then
you'll get an email every day when I
post my new video
I don't you just click it and I'll take
you to it and you can watch every
brilliant you better do it then I'm
gonna hold you to it hold you to it
yes gave myself a new subscriber well
thank you very much Dan I appreciate
that look thank you very much yeah life
of Tom very nice meeting day right very
nice to meet you all right you look
after yourself dude stay outta trouble
okay it's busy for you my guy rolled in
style alright so it turns out I did I
did fly in a bit later than most people
and loads the the the UK community a lot
from like you know called you guys Dave
Oh Mikey works great and they've all
been go-karting
so I unfortunately missed out on the
ground of go-karting but I'm gonna go in
shower get changed
head over to the hotel there I was just
going to stay here for the night doesn't
like yeah we put your hotel and it's
really close to the way the venue is
tomorrow so I'm like well rather than
stay in here and I'm struggling getting
over there in the morning traffic I'm
just going to stay there so that's the
plan keys still work rather then
immediately rushing out after a shower
and go meet up with everyone if I rip up
my laptop edit my vlog up until now so
then that way when I've got then I've
got a 9:00 a.m. start tomorrow so I
can't just get up at 8 o clock edit the
vlog and then go out like I need to be
at the door by by 9 a.m. to start the
actual day so it's gonna be a long one
tomorrow
but hey man it's gonna be worth it
college you can really reveal let's go I
think I think I think this is the hotel
I'm suppose to be staying up as you can
tell not a hundred second confident on
that statement but will this door open
tell uh nope Hotel where I'll get into
this hotel
Valek parking all right yeah sure this
has to be the entrance I'm so tired I'm
just absolutely exhausted I just want to
go to bed
but the thing is if I go to bed I have
to set me alone for like 6 a.m. then
that way I can get up edit the vlog and
upload it
I don't know how the internet speeds
here or anything or I just stay up now
do it and then I get more sleep I need
Byron ok I found the entrance so that's
a win people in the world you kid even I
could have I could have stayed up for
now to drink with them I really could
have done they all waited me to do do
you want me to do shots to keep their
and stuff but I don't I just don't want
to get in bed it's now currently one
o'clock in the morning which means it's
nearly 9:00 a.m. in England oh this
looks terrifying ok alright so I'm going
to get some sleep which was pretty good
I'm actually I'm actually happy that I
decided to go to bed rather than stay
open edit I've managed for my breakfast
this morning by the way yet the Nutella
table and a bag a month sandwich because
I forgot to add a room so this which I
could have just done but I've got the
one edited I have Oh ever forgot one
main key ingredient for traveling I
forgot my travel adapter for my laptop
plug so I've got to trying get this
video rendered and uploaded without the
battery died and I've already got 50
percent battery left on a laptop so this
is gonna be a struggle boss I don't know
how to get adaptive because there's no
shops knows cuz we're in like the middle
of like a massive like car park Airport
area to show you real quick yeah like
quite literally look the middle of a
carpet whoa whoa that's awesome I guess
that's the one benefit of staying near
the yeah but like you get to see the
planes London can we hear it
not really okay that's all isocodes
coming buddy sideways I think but I've
got to get this edited but I've got a
clip that I want to show you guys so you
remember when I went to to Dubai and
that diver came up with a sign team like
life have to subscribe to life of Tommy
just like such
awesome what a moment well our friends
are currently staying out there at the
moment and the head chef of the Oceana
oh she had a restaurant I've been
following on Instagram for ages and he's
such a nice guy and a messaging was like
listen I've got like some family friends
out there the people who are making I
beat they like Tim and all his family
and I was like I really want to do
something nice for the birthday for
Leila who's you know it's her birthday
while surrounded by that's why they're
out there and I was like I was like hey
up this head chef I was like dude like
Georgia I really really want to do
something awesome from what can I do and
he's like well you could do the divers
thing and I was like it's a perfect idea
so I'm gonna roll a clip it's only shot
and the Lighting's bad but you can see
the reaction of Leila of how shocked she
is because none of them knew that I'd
organized the diver to roll up with a
little sign saying happy birthday but I
just thought it was really cute so
really good
and that's why I do things like that
that smile is worth absolutely
everything she was super shocked she was
caught off guard like the mum that
nobody knew why this diver came over and
like three of them didn't even know what
like it was from me because life's too
short mate most of it being my saying
Tim and Connor they both knew like
straight away like that Tom's organised
this because that's his like is saying
that's his motto but the rest of the
family had no idea so it's like a cute
little surprise egg happy birthday Layla
or color if you're watching this happy
birthday to your sister I hope she liked
it I just thought I'd like throw it
together and I couldn't turn it without
Giorgio so honestly Giorgio from Aviano
thank you very much
you're amazing I can't wait to come back
I'm hopefully gonna try and work with
the tourist board and going back to
Dubai I'm going like skydiving and stuff
like that but we'll just have to wait
and see so guys I have to go I've got to
get downstairs now and start my day
tomorrow's vlog you're gonna be seeing
the reveal of the college community
event by the time you seen this you
would have already seen gameplay footage
online but my vlogs are day behind so it
is what it is but I gotta go alright so
got a shower get change could it go down
to this event I am running seriously
light and that's just the way the cookie
crumbles so much love nice house
