and we're parking the bait we're at the
Trafford Centre and we're going for food
might I add what's a blue hopefully
bloody lovely day look at the sky
beautiful no she's gonna save it cuz I'm
going indoors having some food and as
soon as I've done that will come out the
Sun will be down and guess what well
darling I'm Ken tonight it is Conor
McGregor's return to UFC so me and the
boys are getting together was going for
a few bevvies and we're gonna be
watching the fight at my house but the
problem is if we start drinking from
right now well let's say in two hours
time I if you start drinking from my 8
o'clock there's no way we're gonna last
till 5:30 in the morning
well either way the plan is stock up on
food at Selfridges and buy stock up I
mean sushi I wanted fast food but she
wanted it a stir so you can't really
complain about this food taking forever
to get here it's literally instant well
there's that fast food
it wasn't even cook I don't even what
it's just because it was buttered on the
outside so I thought this but I've drawn
things right in from out and at the
whole thing
l√≠via then it's one of them you see bit
into them like that's not thought so now
I might feel like I 400 now I we might
be throwing up in Manistee 10 seconds
that aside is a must right absolutely
amazing do you have to ask for it worth
it and yet the whole point going to your
sushi if you just like grab it up the
conveyor belt for I saw this quarter
here and I'm like great so you know what
having it reality you know what yeah it
did a pretty good job that jalapeno
right there is 15 times the size of that
one
to feed it's appeared really Christmas
cards are ready over good boy that's
pretty cool quick mannequin review
that's a winner right there look at that
me that is that gone but you've already
done it wrong already
actually you know what yeah turn out a
10 mannequin mother so you do going to
the trumpet center is so much easier
than getting to make if this guy crashes
into my car oh hey just before you go
you can have this car park space well
usually ask what you're doing right now
but that is the winners positioning I
have ever seen you in in my life I'm
assuming you jump down to eat something
and it ran away maybe because I caught
you in a really sexy show that I'll go
on I'm here to pick up my date but he's
running late so you really need car to
run right now because I'm in the middle
of Road at is casually taking a stroll
come on get in the car go go go get in
the cup I'm drinking this and none of
this is for me number well the serial is
alcohol shreddies no you got me off
41 caught it babe Oh what it was a box
is ready we get this company's hey I
know welcome to the world sickest gaming
Sam you've ever seen one scraggly asked
her and yet another one here but hey
it's just how we roll here we observe
Zac knowing exactly what he's doing
looking for weaponry at any given moment
Tom economists stood gliding down I
think it's again always far he's found
armor but I'm pretty sure there's a guy
in there with a gun all right Oh argon
Zach lad Oh so Zach what we're wrong no
no it's not your fault what meanwhile
Tom accountants try to build the house
is this your first time waiting for
night
imagine if he wins mmm it's a bit of a
shit setup listen this screen by the way
1500 quid screen yeah when I had the
cats the cats broke it so yeah not to
off but we've got a we got a speaker
anyway that's true okay so anyway as
soon as I don't speak to the ceiling
we've reverted to its own once again so
here's the next addition to the house
love
Kimba really yeah that's right you get
that drink you put it in your mouth do
you lie to me you said you have three
threes you lie I have both reason you
have three slides
get that get that titty shot in your
mouth go ahead and forget it
yeah yeah oh yeah I like that we are now
playing bullshit but with Tom McCallum
he's not drinking but the thing is every
time someone calls bullshit if they're
wrong you have to take a shot of sours
the previous game how many does it have
to drink about five I have to drink five
shots of this Bing pretty much because
of this guy
oh yeah so see good Freddie I appreciate
you out of a bath national Thanks
everyone is dying as I said I had 23
aces and he said bullshit it was said
let me just show the one where is it
I said I said 23 aces and had baton so
no matter what you say and you can't
ball shot it yes a drink come on sit
down here oh my god
you're going home I'll do a person you
drive the most shots right don't it
Byron I'm even more drunk now than when
I kissed you
so they sum it up a right yeah and then
because you become I'll do bits you're
then going then yeah well Wesley alcohol
I'll throw a shoe yeah I'll throw a shoe
at you in a minute
alright I'll throw a shoe Godfather
music the bird are you going Oh Jeff
over okay bye now
okay bye now okay better well as in
tissues off anyway so is it really
blessed to you me are you ready
are we having a good night see you later
bye now okay bye now get by and then
there was two cheers broski you can't
make it over Kenya cow ball that was
like I guarantee they won't last till
whatever time and then board my mate Tom
McKellen wasn't even drinking I threw a
shoe at him listen to the Godfather
theme tune in a joke and he left
where's Aunt Becky they've been drinking
all night they bailed so it's down to me
and all the Zachary we're going to
picking up Alice
no sorry not we're going picking up my
brother and Fraser and then we're gonna
go down to his house get a shirt and
we're gonna go to bribery all I know you
can't see shit right now but that's just
the way the cookie crumbles so very
healthy we can come
the poison snake I'm gonna go I'm not go
I can't drink at syndra I can't stand up
like a pirate for the record he said he
was going home
everyone 3ms stigma
I don't even know what language that
speaking W team
that's a whole loaded note I thought you
were going home
how about yourself we're trying to keep
shit to get Alice Alice Alice we're
trying to keep shit together but we're
just soup I want to go now where's your
shoe my reproducible whatever they
stayed put in the vlog for some reason
it just all kicked off and then everyone
get kicked out of the pub so you win
some you lose some
every single person got kicked out the
pub and now they're just hot they're
doing whatever it what are you doing why
are you in front of me like I don't know
what I have several questions as to what
in the earth of the folks is going on
don't mind me I'm just questioning what
is going on from a distance I witness
wait you're carrying your home how much
is this house for sale seven hundred
thousand are you kidding me mate what no
seven hundred thousand pounds per house
that's a lot of money
no Jesus what you do buying you guys are
gonna fire you but you have to blow that
why why why yeah yeah right yeah yeah
yeah without your pee hey calendar key
we can get in it was in this moment that
I really that's fine
this more God do you monetize real great
quick oh my god finally got the fire on
this guy's face is dying Jesus wasn't
ready
boy you're a kid scrapping I reckon
they're gonna call it my records are
gonna call it the eyeball is pissing out
but they that eyeball is just dripping
blood and blood blood blood blood blood
blood
I called it Wow oh my god they did I'd
say Colin Dillard elite they called it
yeah that guy's face is bleeding rot no
his face is dripping me you can hear the
background you can't hear anything he's
seen why we paid for the service he
survived does it work tonight oh my god
is UFC interesting if Conor McGregor is
is an Internet it's not yeah exactly
it's all about we made it
v Jesus Christ
happy birthday
yeah Byron okay then kids to that my god
he's gotta win it he's got a goddamn
with it oh god damn there's some pretty
good sophistic supervisor say so in my
life that's definitely my hat but
statistics Yeshua does not win this
fight
oh my god it probably doesn't care but
he needs this
he goddamn needs this I'm done I don't
know
I'm an alcoholic but you know what the
Gregor days to win this is the cranks
which is the screen what you look
tonight wait up oh here we go
my guy ah can't leave East 30 years old
Jesus
oh my god away these babies baby does
that no no no oh my god destroy him oh
god oh god
there are they
what an insane fight so far like
honestly wow this is insane
never seen Conor McGregor in this
position like just he's done nothing for
two minutes
that's a is no defense
that's a nice a that's a that's a he's
done he's done he's done the rest gonna
call da the rest of the guard watch five
four three two one
rat what's the ref doing there's no way
Dommy Dommy oh my god I honestly thought
the ref would call up ah Mei Mei oh no
oh no this is bad times this is bad
times man come on come on Conor he's got
this brother he can do this game game
game game game game game dansgame oh
come on baby shame
I wasn't making banks it now Hey killing
game
wait wait wait wait what just happened
wait what just happened this is this
couldn't you just punch Turner in the
back of the hand mate what just happened
what hey what just happens
seriously what just happened Wow the one
guy who never wants to say it in his
life has to say he will not eat actually
won the fight sure but Jesus Christ no
way after that he should be disqualified
until 6:00 a.m. we came we saw we came
we saw get out
hello
that's right it is bang
yeah that's my guys wait guys like the
eyes with the home Scottie what we
thought yeah you can pick them are back
up you bastard
no Byron cannot edit nineteen pinecones
and make it seem like they disappear no
pie goes well you have to move them for
him to edit it to know Python yeah that
doesn't work like that so you tried but
no Bob I know what kiss high-five
no I said high-five he waved up I tried
to start to draw your friendship get up
get out the house move yourself or else
we'll throw you outside wait a minute
hey who's that I like I like I like how
we're trying to kick him out but she's
nice
no that's definitely a different type of
Lydia but George just move but Lydia
okay
don't question me that George it's okay
you used to work in the military mark
but I don't think he is yep Ken done is
zero but I know did you have a good
night to that Judge what am I even
witnessing right now okay I'm just gonna
go yeah that's not the exit nope
you might want to go that way you press
a green button and that way don't worry
George
Godspeed good luck I don't know what why
are you laughing at me
judge that judge tried to walk out my my
gate oh wait wait wait
yes no my responsibility see you later
and we oh it was over and we thought we
got rid of all the trouble what can we
balance on her head why even Georgina's
know what you doing that's a Mophie
charging kit watch watch yes then it's a
bit yeah that's a base that a bit then
it Oh silly different wake up for the
bank yet there's no way no no no no oh
my god I got that on camera no way that
even happened to go to bed way too much
drama kicked off my liking I had my
sister throwing her own friends down
staircases I can't even get into my own
office
Mac needs so soon as though he's 2038
it's it's really not that hard
good off now if you want to turn the
light on all you do is press up if you
want to turn up you press down and then
you want to turn on you press up
and you push down for salt so there you
go it's like there's literally up and
down that's fine okay but what if you
want to turn it on here if there is to
you on is up and down is down every room
you walk into watch watch watch watch
though I come in the room I press down I
come in the room press up
so anyway good night oh boy they have no
idea what they're doing
I'm looking to bet it did you
unfortunately end with karma boy getting
his face smashed in but it is the way
the cookie crumbles
I can't believe he tapped out by the
same time way that fight plan Oh oh my
god it was brutal
the guy jumped out the room and started
beating someone else up and zombie cut
right Gregor into the back of the end it
was just like why anyway all I can say
is a can't believe me and some some and
my homies lasted till nearly 7 o'clock
in the morning everyone else was so
drunk I'm not gonna make it that long
making I make it that long just full of
shit but guess what me and whoever
survives all tonight you know what we
Came we saw we conquered tell him of
Gregor Mayer not one but you know what
it's another day in a life of Tom's I
really gotta bet much love goodbye and
honest
