prepare to be very confused by today's
vlog I technically film from midnight
going out and then the rest of my day so
enjoy a lot of alcohol you've been
warned there's a lot of idiocy and dilly
dilly ugh
so take that with a pinch of salt I'm
ready to rock'n'roll bro I decided to
put my brain-dead shirt on tonight just
cuz I think it's an awesome shirt ready
rock and roll yeah I've got my stupid
shoes on but if you don't wear them in
Manchester you don't get in anyway so
unless go I was this close to not
bringing a jacket I'm stood outside with
my jacket on I don't got a broad jacket
miss rhino's birthday on Sunday and he's
currently out in town having a joint
birthday pie we all got invited dance
town wears can't make it he's working
loads of other people can't make it
they're working however I just got back
from Germany absolutely exhausted but
I'm ready to rock and roll
hey I expected to see you and him I
didn't expect he lives like it anyway
wait is it did that kind of night he's
like I wash I'm not buying it he's like
no I will I'll take it you guys to help
tabulous he's got work in the morning
good host is a kid if you ever wonder
where your bike when this guy nicked
every single bike he's ever seen in his
life there's no way that this guy picks
up that many bikes been handed in I've
never got rid of a secondhand bike that
guy has been on a modern tonight with a
set of all-cause do you kill five stars
five pound tip my friend thank you very
much
dude that's how you up I don't even know
what carries but his sound system was
binding if I have to hear one more time
that you installed the air conditioning
to this building I might shit myself I
hope it works okay I'll stay sober now
because that's why we're gonna try
congratulations man honestly some Pavia
acumen I just got engaged get kicked out
Jesus all mutter yeah this place is Ella
nice did I tell you that mark installed
the AC in this building I don't know if
I told you but I'm looking it's your
birthday so you the busted Sabathia make
the fun C's compound where were you from
he's from Romania he's gonna fuck you do
this is why we come to this place can
you flick it
oh yes glad see what I ordered okay so I
wasn't expecting not I think Sebastian
took me over any sorry
oh I don't know oh oh yeah I'm dying to
try - yeah I love it though that's
really nice vanilla Oh
oh my god try that hey try the foam foam
I know I told you we'd make it down
right Cheers
thank you very much I will be back here
again this is the kind of place this is
the kind of place Manchester needs thank
you very much to the bills to the bills
to the other guys I like how the style
that I every was like enough cachet not
word by word let's take a photo
I can't yeah let's take your photo
outside the building guys do they see
Louie she was happy birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you - hi danyele oh my god
yeah I'm pretty sure we're walking wrong
way by the way huh no we were supposed
to go that way right
uh yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm just gonna
take my shoes off when these fakie
there's literally puddles on the floor
no trust me you're not that drunk stage
yet keep on oh my god at least you can't
get it off no no aah like naughty cats
no no no no no you know No
gum gum gum gum either way we made it
yeah we made it
okay so there's Mojo's wait we went to
crazy Pedro's okay oh we're trying to uh
I like this
but no really like we came to a bar
doing the show it's not your car
different advice very nice that's fine
Wow
oh hey happy birthday hey this is your
birthday cake to enjoy the summer drink
yeah literally
what about friends was so broke that all
the best
okay mess out his girl one of our
friends was so drunk that rather than
waste in the next two hours walk into
books
I said make you so fucked and I just
Portman attack since anyway didn't want
to go but he Wayne that don't we send
him was that another battle so wasted
get rid of it no no no
turning down drew
you do magic recon seduction does
receipts it's all more quiet uterus
poetry
I went to it so like two seconds came
back
everyone's getting kicked out it's
closing time I don't have you good nice
oh shit that many cameras on there we
are let's definitely every cameras delay
delay please we were dealing in him and
on the seventh day God take - and on the
seventh day - the blueness I know on the
seventh day god main chicken hunts oh
and he made chicken oats for the for the
drug that they're not drunk people to go
he's is not drunk no that's that's not
my brother he's not drunk I said it I
camera oh my god all night he said you
would never say it add delay delay you
disapproved alright so if my little
brother disappears down some fucking
steps oh yeah what's your experience to
do
we're having a moment I like to get over
it what time is it Deva
okay alright stop this no no no we can't
you know what your conversations great
but guess what's more important stop
filming I I know
oh no no no Matt broke his leg no no
hello this is birth control
yeah hello oh no their part-time Alex oh
come on oh come on Alex Alex oh this
weekend after weekend I come back from
LA look one dude look at worst guy cuz
no one was flies from the 1980 what he
were oh my did you uh did you put air
conditioning in that bill didn't ya I
thought you did he could have told us
about 15 times you know I think me and
Mark need to go back to Germany and I
think Mark needs a certain tattoo on the
back of his like no but would you do
that if I fly you to Germany would you
get that tattoo on the back of the leg
whoa no way seriously would you get made
by Kara back your leg can make me would
you get the tattoo you get the same
touching the bike your legs no no no
yeah seriously yo I love the fact that
my tattoo says made by Ken but mark is
gonna get I like that I can it built me
made I want to shit did why is MIA you a
machine right now I'm gonna fly him out
to Germany to beat Jen get a tattoo on
the bar bucket he's like that rather
than say made by Ken
it says build built by cable
Jen we will see you'll see I love it do
you also like the fact that mark now
managed to get out the taxi we won free
Big Mac if we wait 25 minutes for this
I'll be wait I don't actually think you
ordered anything so I got five chicken
selected a bacon egg remember freedom I
got nothing
I love the fun that we just waited like
10 like 15 minutes mark didn't even
order anything
my boobies Oh God and they said yeah
that's why we made it wait oh yeah is
that even real
Wow no no that's that's not UFO yeah
that's where the flow it's where it's
where the flow mark it's worth whoa whoa
like even even the drivers like taking a
pole using UFOs like wow dude that is
the crazy thing I've ever seen
yeah fuck office swirl oh you prick he
thought it was aliens Alex he thought it
was aliens I was like no it's just a
help honestly that looks like Sri our
Star Wars in it
hey Jesus he's the weirdest thing I've
ever could it though just even just a
shadow
I like Amar'e but Rama thought it was a
new boy oh my god honestly this is the
road we usually we could see the entire
deficit ours in a twenty quintet Jesus
Christ
I like how they keep talking to him and
every time they keep talking to him my
bill keeps going up so we're literally
coming home and it's date I'm not even
joking right now it's nearly 6:00 a.m.
it's nearly 6:00 it's currently 546
right now to render this vlog out I
expect it to take maybe 10 minutes that
then leaves me with four minutes okay to
get the vlog uploaded and as you saw
yesterday I couldn't load a vlog in 60
seconds can I pull this off well
everything was supposed to be just up on
time but it's now 602 and the I broke
the internet II you've got to be kidding
me
14 missed calls of my granddad you all
know oh my god that's a piece is right
but interpret eight o'clock this morning
I went to bed like 7:00 a.m. and my
granddad turned up at 8 o'clock this
morning I'm so pissed off right now cuz
I timed everything perfectly today for
my internet to be working and for me to
just go down in my basement put it in
and connect it but it won't connect and
for some reason the Internet it's just
not working it's not working at all I'm
so stressed out right now I just know is
that this power pole was pulled
to this my power unit here which i think
is tripped potentially and when we
saying I think that's tripped
this lights just come on which I'm
hoping is gonna fix it in it because
this wasn't on a second ago I'm just got
it to come back on and start flickering
and oh my gosh is this please gonna work
this video says look one hour five
minutes remaining
absolutely screw that I think I've
managed to fix me Internet there we go
and how long is it gonna take to load
yep that's exactly why for 56 seconds
Jesus I've completely ruined my plans
for today
it's now missed due to this I vlog 39
minutes like I've missed going to
cricket with Alison cow and now because
I've missed that Alison cows don't wanna
go out for food tonight because I've
ruined the day so it's just been an
absolute cost of everything was great
too now everything is absolutely ruined
so I've only got myself to blame but at
the same time
Canada Internet's fault as well so in a
positive rather than the vlog being an
extra outlay it's not only 11 seconds
later Amanda I apologize to all ice I
said I'm sorry for messing you around
funds I'll cook for you she didn't want
me to cook for a soul or I'm going no
that's pretty we're gonna we're gonna go
we're going to Nando's
I booked a table under our name I got
like a 10-15 minute wait before we can
go and eat the weather looks like it's
about to absolutely choke it down which
I probably good for this cow cuz that
doesn't even look like a bird poo it
looks like a human poop come on drive
background where is it Jaguar f-type oh
yes look at that
what a beautiful colour as well I don't
know if you guys fall count which you
should do Kyle's twit will be down below
follow him express the feeling of
getting your first its first ever in 100
watt 90 games
these first ever victory well honestly
it's all was allowed in the middle of
the network invaders have is detect this
I wish I was there I was sorta seen it
honestly
I made by poking it out with the sniper
shooting they're shooting these babes
yeah knowing he's got to make a move on
me because he's outside but he's good
too strong yeah nonetheless we've got
you a book you've gotta say it's Hancock
take your time next minute the stop the
shoot I've trained it well sorry I was
late sorry I didn't cook for you which I
totally was gonna do but at least I can
even say I bought you Nando's today I
don't even buy the Nando's that homie
hooked you up once again you got this
I'll cook for you tomorrow
I can cook this will literally absorb
any alcohol out of my system I say this
all the time my blog this guy deserves a
promotion this guy told exists he's out
of luck since day one like the first
time I bring this the first time I came
on a date with Lydia he ended up giving
me a free meal I didn't even pay for my
own first-ever date so I appreciate that
man you're back so honestly thank you
very much okay well sorry I didn't make
it screw kit congratulations I'm gonna
cook it I'll get home tonight not
playing why I was in compound no yeah no
I was when you do we need celebrate oli
suits you sir I'm going I'm going by
defender stay don't get jealous of what
I'm about to see a boy Chris has got
himself a new car this is actually kind
of cool it's like the reveal wait a
minute he doesn't drive an Audi whoa is
there a squad of us always Robo oh my
god right mate oh my god okay okay oh my
god I'll give you that mate I've gotta
admit that a Honda Civics I've just
never been a fun this is a beast did it
when'd you get this he did boss it's not
yours
comedy car you get to drive it sick
it's just got bits on bits everywhere
honey wow that is very nice
puts this thing to shame well the
hairdryer over it bouncing it flew to
Germany got a tattoo for you about the
next day I got my dad's mate to record
my dad's reaction like a trooper I
didn't click record got it
Baroni JVM bro he's fine
he hell hey drop pick up your coach may
you bless it down there Jesus me
these are nice sees these I should put
them in my defender I wonder if you know
how do they wait don't do all right
oh maybe it's not that steep Jesus on a
proper proper little car Cruiser yeah
me and the boys I just need a Jaguar now
it's all I need Oh drop a piece of
tackle now I can actually see them
alright let's let's compare cars robos
rims vs. okay you didn't win the wheel
competition don't worry about with time
and upgrades you'll be fine but for now
Chris might I've got you baby I was
actually just saying that I actually
don't like Honda Civics because of back
in the day the old version everyone used
to get a Honda Civic and put a fake
type-r badge on it which made zero sense
bought this new one looks crazy it looks
like a transformer
so I'm terrible at reviewing cars
however this car has one pretty
incredible feature
it's got wireless charging in it look at
that
that's freaked open it got wireless
charging like you got like one of the
new Samsung's are an iPhone X bang that
bye-bye on our min yeah I'm gonna vlog
I've never had a request if someone go
can you pass me my hairbrush you haven't
even got any ha
I said this is what we do where we go
out for a cruise we brush you to this
app these pubes oh I don't know what's
going on an Asda bought this ambulances
just wait so I mean let's just drop
someone off
if we're gonna leave I want you to do a
wheel spin come on make it happen do it
for the new tubes going in oh Jesus
Christ
very good effort all right man
tiller drive safely drive responsibly
off my road please
none of this burnout shit like that this
is quite literally how desperate and
into the back of our computer all
because I don't have my new fast like
wired around the building yet like I
need to get that done I'm pretty sure
it's just like one cable but because I'm
switching the system I don't want to do
it I've got how the team come back and
do it so I don't just completely break
everything right I might just get the
internet connected let's do another
speed test let's see how this is gonna
go I have a look let's have a look oh
yes 500 download boys are you even
serious like honest to god the fuck I
can't get it working today was stressing
me the hell out but you know what it
works now and I still can't quit quite
literally believe that this is real I
really can't oh absolutely beautiful I
know this vlog may have seen a little
bit backwards with just the way
everything was bought I went out on the
night past midnight so it was
technically the next daily vlog so
that's kind of just how voids tria you
know keep the separate light tattoo
reveal and all that separate from just
this craziness of drinking so it is run
is what ladies John that is the vlog for
today I hope you enjoyed it
it was just one hell of an insane night
I know it was a very random thing to
just jump into straight drunk Tom rather
then you know it gradually build up it
was like and we're off I'm gonna outro
this now but rather than me out sherwani
I'm gonna let drunk Tom mark and Alex do
it so here different enjoying I've got
to go cuz this blog got warm so battery
thank you live like Britain subscribe if
you're not subscribed right now cuz like
this is life a time I do whatever I do
never own fucking children watch
yourself legends seriously thanks for
watching this is life of me I feel my
every day of my life and that's what it
is so much love drunkness goodbye and
saw d yeah I'll take it
sorry awesome
