okay well I've gotta start sticking to
the same is my motto of life's to shop
make the most of it and there's
something that I really wanted to do and
I'm like you know what lysee shop make
the most of it so I think I'm gonna do
it good night computer I will not be
seeing you tomorrow all right time to
start this day that it should be a
random adventure but you know what
that's what this channel is about if
you're not subscribed click that
subscribe button share it with a friend
and let's get rockin and a-rollin most
important meal of the day is breakfast
always have it whether it's toast
whether it's fruit wherever it's
whatever you don't have breakfast you're
gonna have a terrible terrible day trust
me makes you laugh a million times back
definitely learn that from my dad if
there's one meal he'll never let me miss
a day it's breakfast let's reply to some
comments or some waiting for my taxi and
you know what they're gonna come in
handy so do you have any items you'd
like to declare are you riding tomorrow
what's at what time I think I get Pat
bucket ten past five ten past your
weight to well fast Oh
I'll hold you to it do thank God I went
to check to see if the vlog a good life
it actually crashed on the upload
overnight so I'm real ordering in now
I'm gonna order a taxi under head on my
adventure so let's go taxis here where
I'm going
I don't expect sunshine to be honest if
there's a really mad after a bit I'm
more excited to be an adventure but I am
pissed off it's an absolutely fine game
gaming than right now
terminal 3 we meet again turned up to
the airport on time for my flight but
because I didn't have a online digital
check-in just I didn't get an email of a
boarding pass they tried to charge me an
extra fifty five quid to get a printed
version I'm not paying that like what
so yeah the really check I was like make
the price that they're gonna charge me I
was like the price that figure that's
like I don't pay are we talking about
yeah thank you very much so what
happened there was is I turned up to the
airport on time two hours before my
check-in I went to the desk and said to
the woman like oh I need to get my
boarding pass she said yeah just go to
departures so I was like that doesn't
sound right
I went to the patches and by the time it
took me to get from there to departures
and gone under the two-hour mark to be
able to check in for free I know it
sounds random but if you check in with
more than two hours before you fly you
get in for free but if you don't it
costs you fifty five pounds I was like
by the time you sent me there I went
under the two-hour mark I'm not paying
that so they did it me fresh and got
through security without my bag being
checked for once great success
destination I like how the extendable
bridge is there but I guess we're not
allowed to use it so we're all going up
the steps I'm still not really that
happy that I'm leaving when it's this
kind of weather book let's just go bring
you up yeah
was a very quick two-hour flight next
stop where I need to be I can't believe
I've just left England which was sunny
for a country that's raining are you
joking are you actually serious right
now
what the heck what's going on there's a
viewing platform just like that through
security in the country ready to go no
wait Susan what tell the the gay who's a
guy waiting for his fiancee recognize me
crazy I feel like I'm in the middle of
nowhere you you speak English
I was right there enough I don't know
where I am what are doing
Oh what the heck is going on but it's
actually kind of beautiful I just wish
it wasn't rained but we were just doing
like 110 miles per hour on the motorway
I'm not gonna lie I am pretty nervous
because I've never done this before
and I was so sad that I didn't like I
was actually beating myself up that I
didn't do it cuz I was like this is an
idea I want to do it I thought about it
I don't want to go back and execute and
there's no bad person that I want to do
it then this individual yep I'm pretty
sure this way I need to be yeah so yeah
this is actually happening Jen ladies
and gentlemen it was like 2 o'clock in
the morning last night and I was like
I'm so bored I really want to do this I
want to get this tattoo so I think we're
gonna do it I think there's no one else
I'd prefer to do this then someone I
randomly met on the plane yeah yeah
because they already 100 100 percent no
pressure
you know first ever tattoo I've got to
get this done perfectly and it's the
most simplest thing but it's like it's
gotta be the right size it's gotta be
the right positions could write
everything
right isn't that the best idea do you
think it's a good idea of course it is
Mitsuko is possibly wrong about this I'm
gonna shave my seriously so much so much
to be definitely motion rendered at
least it's meaningful to me is it really
is like my dad's my best friend and it's
just like so straight
that is actually exactly what I was
looking for but the first thing is it
was like typewriter fond underlined
perfect and now I've got to commit to it
I'm not sweating your sweat so my tattoo
is this big he's so sick look at it
that's taken six I was so far and he's
probably got like another ten to go this
this is the best are to shop in the
world right now I was like can I get a
drink
are you fucking kidding me Caffrey has
stood yeah okay that's a pretty good
tattoo that's an amazing crossover I
love it that's pretty good
mmm that's pretty good why literally I
know you could say that about mine but
why seriously why
whoa - first I was like it's not a lot
when a cat scratches you or not it's
like a scratch
yeah that feels like a scrub like it's
gonna let you shop I hope
yeah it doesn't hurt it honestly feels
like if you ever as a kid played with
like a lighter and you put me
electricity thing on the lighter but the
clicker thing yeah it feels like you get
in a sapphire that like did it digitally
okay first it feels like a scratch and
it feels like that just like maybe hey
Dad I just want to say you're my best
friend you're my biggest inspiration in
my life
you're incredible with what you do you
the most I'm gonna no you know this is
just like this it's not like not to make
it to be stopping supposed to be fun
which it is because I was made by you
and I just think it's hilarious that I
made by it and I'm gonna overtake you
if mounting by kids and likening
everything well again without meeting
two sub beats
it is for you yeah upon this upon this
the promise looking good yeah oh yeah
she fucked up there but oops it I'm
trying you know it's like you know what
you write on people's like backs like
letters and it's like your eyes just
like it were do you think that's what it
is I'm trying to guess where she goes to
be okay which is
you wanna eat no I mean I say yes
your pasta e yeah yo whip that guy over
there get the biggest tattoo in the
world and I'm getting this and I'm
screeching you know what I'm actually so
bad at this
I really uh yeah like yeah I didn't have
any galaxy behind but I really didn't I
just really like them into it you don't
all right I'm done you do weekend yeah
okay
I'm so done with it oh you doing - mate
back in I did Ken I'm starting from oh
yeah that was only three letters okay
you think you can used to the feel of it
but they yeah but she's like a fresh new
purchase you know if you say things like
it just each times different if it feels
like it's being just kind of like zapped
or then it feels like it's being Cal
product they step counts with some
people make it you know steam and sound
so easy like yeah I'm just gonna go get
a full-body tattoo a survivor easy
oh yeah
javis deep from a two-hour plane
conversation this it was supposed to
happen so I was like oh yeah yeah you
telling me this now
no I'm myself all right
I mean I only the library yeah yeah
yeah Jen you crushed it
thank you thank you so so much it truly
did stink but I bet like they have to
feeling of it now is like I can feel a
little bit yeah
yeah I can feel a little bit I'd say
it's like I'd say like a wasp or bee
sting after feel for I don't know almost
like a caught like like we said like a
scratcher of court just on the back of
your leg more than that I'm happy with
it I'm still happy with it I'm so happy
I did it so Jen's not putting on this
like look like a plaster like a clover
so it lets it breathe but it doesn't let
shit get into it I'm gonna leave this up
like four days how long did that one
take oh my god how long is it even
bigger one what wait how old is this
looks almost new also it's quite yeah
absolutely incredible I can't wait to
see the full thing what why should
people come to Stuttgart still go what
why should people come here because the
weather's really good the tattoos are
okay
the tattoos are awesome by the way I've
come out I've come all the way to
Germany all the way to Germany I shit
you not look better taking me oh boy yay
thanks guys we're going for a kebab
so the way the way the way the Germans
this drink is what it's what is it
salted yoga yay I'm so excited to try
this oh no I think I know what you it
tastes like it tastes like salty cheese
I'm sorry why is this a thing is this
German how would you maybe try this oh
yeah we it's a completely different vibe
now he's getting really into his
tattooing in the back so he's like the
lights are off the hardcore music what's
this song been called Oh rotten Christ
yes so um we're listening to right in
Christ whilst drinking solid yogurts so
when I met Casey nice that Casey nice
that wrote on a $2.00 bill for me it was
like stay in school don't do drugs and
I've got that at my house as you guys
know vanos vanos did this I don't know
if you saw it he took a I don't know
what your a bill this is 220 is this is
this 20 it's 20 yeah 20 20 euro bill you
said dear Tom keep this shit close to
you it will bring you your your life
look love and success the best Evan but
on the back he says but if you lose it
you might get hit my account cheers I
don't appreciate I make now Jen is doing
something I'm not sure what and she's
also gonna do some sort of scribble on
it as well as so I've got like a
monetary collection of funny notes so
hey it has to be inspiring and emotional
and everything oh and it says fly high
like we did on that plane no that is
amazing
okay that might be the best fun I've had
yet I'm tell you that right now that's a
really good idea holy shit honestly
thank you very much I appreciate guys
very nice to meet you best leat a -
you're a legend my friend thank you for
it let me appreciate it all right let's
Father's Day begin it's actually
Father's Day in Germany and everyone
basically just gets drunk and apparently
gets naked this is the one downside of
hanging around with Germans I have no
idea I have no idea what you said I do
it is funny babe do big fake the fattest
babe rip the face babe Bunny's mate the
funnies name oh my god yeah yeah this I
don't think this is at the point where I
can't trust you anymore what she's
actually wrote on my leg is like a tag
mark of like caught here and she's gonna
steal my organs
have you seen hostel the movie yeah
where the people got the go to Europe
and then you get murdered that's
probably what's gonna happen here
tonight so like let's knock on wood it's
not gonna happen
wait what were you saying
no wait can I not understand any of them
when they're talking together art items
that are around everyone keeps talking
German around me what do you say
whatever you want in gym right now wow
that was really good German right there
good nice look at this sunset absolutely
gorgeous
he's guy is that so stop taking the piss
you all right she's that was not noise
we've got graffiti years till Friday I'm
like you're a you're a tattoo artist you
have to appreciate you have to work you
have to be appreciate the smoke smoke
this smoke weed everyday smoke weed
everyday she's taking the piss out of me
oh it's so beautiful she's thank you
fucking instagrams of it like oh it's
actually quite nice yeah I caught you I
caught you look at it so whatever you do
have no association with Jen she's a
little ago I met a one sort of on a
plane and I regret everything wait where
we're going now
- the bar is Ling's L is things L s
Ling's oh yeah we're here now at the
moment and we go here sweet it's gonna
take us 20 minutes oh no he's going
goodbye
very nice to meet you I gained a new
subscriber so something I didn't film is
the amount of people in like lederhosen
and all this because what's the pike of
dad fest buzzin so yeah so all the drunk
people are out - nice like all the drunk
people on the train and this one guy
that alley I was like subscribe
subscribe it was like why are you not
speaking German and I was like you know
why cuz guitar feels solid dude he just
he was like oh you have an absolutely
beautiful hometown look at this she's
taking me on a little detour from the
hotel just to check out the area this is
so nice this is the Opera over here and
this is a lake where are the drunk
people follow them later on and I would
be that drunk guy what is that so I was
gonna push the door fee but it turned
out to be heavy
wait what actually is this can I get
this tattoo damn up this is 24,000 euros
no no no I think I've got I've got
enough time in the day time till I
scroll around here in the morning just
check it all out because these guys
gonna be working so I think I might just
have a little stroll see what's going
down and see what I can find after you -
okay
arches she's made term ends though I
knew you guys were just trying to steal
my kidneys I knew it
this has been this has been the play
since day one
I'm on to you motherfuckers to health to
happiness to an awesome tattoo to my
first of may be many and honestly thank
you very much every share your life
Cheers
forge the place where we're at in the
place that we're going for drinks all
don't take card the one bank I need to
go to the cash machine is not on the
outside of the building it's on the
inside that's what I'm talking about you
see that little fucking lot inaudible
action hm
let's have it also that's an entire
building just for Breitling I may have
to go there in the morning I don't even
speak German and I think that says go
fuck yourself I'm not sure
hold the phone one set are you telling
me South African and German that's a
public toilet right there are you
serious you have to pay for yeah what
can we open this right now I hope
there's not guy in there excuse me
ladies but oh this is the most
professional ball boy I've ever seen in
my life I yeah I will be like a Chinese
tourist and I will say you know what
that's the best of a port-a-potty I've
ever been to my life
incredible this is the most important
thing I've ever seen since I've been in
Germany
you guys have Caprio so in the
dispensing machines yeah condoms thank
every wait what do you buy condoms
what I bought the most German thing I
could finding the vending machine which
is a books some but it next list is
knickknacks the peanuts yep I don't know
because I kind of like them but they
kind of there we taste but then they
kind of not there okay there okay there
okay we good
that what they're they're fucking bitch
this is a South African by Rowan and
this is where I'm leaving the Germans
good look with your language I cannot
understand it I've tried all night book
again yeah thank you very much that's a
hopefully my dad will come back and get
I made Tom but I don't think he's gonna
do oh wait before you go guys I'm gonna
link Jen's Instagram down below if you
guys want to go follow her check it out
she literally trembles all over the
world doing tattoos
if you ever like want to go to a country
or town or say wherever she's are doing
like a pop-up like tattoo session if you
ever want to go like get booked in gets
a to offer then please go ahead and do
so his style is like amazing I know I
got something so simple but I just like
how she does things it's like clean its
sharp and I knew that she could do a
good job at this but if you ever want to
get anything done off her then hit her
up make sure you get in touch with if
she's like happens to be in your country
or your city then it's kind of like
absolutely I think imagine like a bump
into people in the futures got a tattoo
off Jen being the first person I ever
got a tattoo of so yeah I I just I
cannot thank her enough Jen if you're
watching this thank you for just being
you
I'm so glad I bumped into you on the
plane it was an amazing experience
getting to know ya and it was an amazing
experience getting a tattoo offer you
like my first ever tattoo thank you
thank you so much so go show her some
love
honestly just give her a thank you in
the comments in her Instagram just let
me know like we're so thankful for her
taking her time just to be able to do
this and like she had this awesome
experience is community so once again
Jen thank you you're a legend go show
some love link video description like
what a perfect day like I've tried to
stay so strong to life's you shot make
the most of it and I do go on like
spontaneous trips like I always have
like things in the way or something like
stopping me and I've just I'm trying to
take more control of like being
organized so I kind of have these
moments where I'm like I've got nothing
to do for two days boom I'm going to
execute something that really
doing like my next thing on my list is
potentially going shark cage diving
diving with alfie deyes so we talked
about it we said we were gonna do it and
there's been at least 2-3 weeks since
we've done it we spoke about it so I
think like that's the next thing I'm
gonna execute on board I got like trips
up to it la going on again I might be
going to Ukraine
just like loads of craziness so if you
guys are new around it make sure you
click that thumbs up button if you're
our new new makes you subscribe with
notifications turn on ding dong that
little pal I post new videos every
single day at 6 p.m. I know this one was
like I'm so sorry well my Internet's a
potato so that's all I can say about
that word truly thank you for follow me
on my journey in my life this is the
life of Tom I'm Tom and I just randomly
film whatever I do whether it's a day of
being a potato or sat around doing
nothing whether it's a day maybe going
shark cage dive you know maybe it's a
day where I'm gonna get in my first time
a tattoo I love sharing my life with you
guys you're incredible I meet you guys
all over the world and it truly makes me
so happy knowing that someone's taken
like even a second out of the day just
to watch Pat my vlog if not the whole
thing so truly honestly I love you guys
thank you for your support thank you for
everything make sure you follow me on to
a pro syndicate on instagram at
syndicate and i'll see you guys tomorrow
x 6 p.m. ish for the next daily blog so
until then much love sawdust
