oh well I guess it's actually a new dawn
and it's a new day it's currently four
o'clock so I'm gonna stop yesterday's
vlog and start today's so welcome to
London Heathrow where I'm currently
heading through security it's like I'm
going to heaven right now but guess what
there's one benefit out of this entire
situation right now which probably wait
what I managed to bring home with you as
coal I didn't leave on the plane I
didn't leave it anywhere budget limit
let's not change things I still have one
more flight to catch so fingers crossed
I will get it all the way home and I can
finally return it to me she had it for
like two weeks have to be buying it and
then we went out to LA and then just got
left there so she could never use it so
when it was all snowy and shit in
England she didn't get to use it so oh
my god this is like a dream this is
literally a dream situation right now
this might be the quickest I've ever
gone through security at London's
Airport easily the fastest I've ever
gotten through security at London
Heathrow I'm very impressed
it usually takes half an hour that took
me three minutes I need to try and see
if I can get my sister's birthday
present for birthdays tomorrow by the
way I need to try and see if I can get a
birthday present here because if I can I
get like duty-free which is like 20%
cheaper which seriously will add up with
this gift so let's go and try and find
her present okay it's not open yet so
I've got plenty of - I got like an hour
and 20 minutes yeah if I can get the
present and my vlog added within an hour
and 20 minutes I'm just a wizard
never knew that if you buy watches from
an airport it's so much cheaper you
literally get like look a thousand
pounds off the watch look at that I mean
I just said to this guy over here like
surely it's a business for people to
come here buy watches go out and sell
them and said it is I'm in the wrong
business what a legendary service I'm
here like just picking up the present
for my sister he's like - a drink - a
water gin and tonic a beer I'm like a
bitch
I'll take a bit I've never been to a
watch shop before they offered me a beer
so ok Breitling fun
through and through until I die cuz it's
just the coolest watch in my opinion but
I'm tell you summer I do like these the
carbon fiber in it I think he's
absolutely gorgeous maybe this is some
hello service thank you very much or
even better with a bit look these 16
grand meet Jesus nearly 20 grand for
that my boy homie in the shop is gonna
show me the most expensive watch they
have in the building which i think is
like 40,000 or something so how much is
it
watch that doesn't watch it's all beyond
it counterbalances gravity and what it
count about it basically I think not
like the infinite gamma from a venison
the whole point of the talk there was in
the old days when they saw their pocket
watches yeah
over time the hands used to the gravity
used to pull the hands down and ruin the
watch because it was not moving in
stationary
also it's got an open back as well I
want to pull the antennas to do is
basically it rotates on this axis really
and it counterbalance against the
garroting key for sure they're working
how many of these do you sell a week you
know these are quite late once in a
while
really yeah Wow is that like a ruby or
something yeah that little part there
about 300 parts and it no way yeah Majan
taking that far but it is just crazy
like how people spend so much money
because you know that the moment I
bought my Breitling I walked out the
shop the first thing I did is I pulled
up my iPhone's check time I justify it
look what I just bought brightly like
I've always worried it's like it looks
good it's like I've always wanted one
bought at the same time is like I use my
iPhone
use my work for the day forty-eight
thousand pounds there's your girl yeah
oh my god yes this is a 20,000 pound
watch what is it it's a PRG is it so how
many diamonds are not oh oh my 18 karat
rose gold bullets in diamond on a row do
so many of these e yeah sometimes
Wow what do you have I think that's the
most expensive watch I've ever seen let
alone help find me it's like I know if
you've got if you're a billionaire
that's just like a bit but that is
literally pocket change to me well I
like something nice looking light sure
but to everyone else
I don't you can never justify could you
just so I said I'd million how more
roughly about oh I'm a shirking custom
to make seriously easy what
there's a chime or sir yeah yeah
absolutely top bloke hooks me up with a
beer and then started showing me 100,000
pound watches he knew I wasn't gonna buy
them he just waited me to like because I
said it was like a vlog and he was like
Oh show in your vlog I was like okay
that's pretty dope so what a cool little
but cool Oh pit stop before I travel
home and yeah that by the way tomorrow
today's yesterday's vlog totally late I
got distracted by watches there's no
time I time in the slightest I had to
edit it so sorry about that that's the
shit that's a walk that's a wall I
nearly walked into Manchester 1755 gave
a 19 that's poop just sat here at the
gate editing my vlog and I didn't
realize the entire plane has already
boarded she just went over and was like
mr. Thomas Castle I was like okay so but
yeah that's me she's like yeah the
planes boarded Oh
I even heard my name get called out on
the tenor and I was just like well the
thing says still boarding doesn't say
closing a final call
I'll be fine so if I somehow if I
somehow miss my plane
by a coming down this escalator I'm
walking I'm walking through the bridge
no just just outdone myself basically
not today it's just me I'm coming wait I
walk a lonely bridge I am on my own
my legs hurt yes that's the first tits
don't know what it's a stiff but my legs
are done plane this thing's got the
biggest remote control literally driving
it around with
beautiful place and being above the
clouds thousand feet absolutely gorgeous
cheeky British Airways Nando's this is
peri-peri chicken
little amount of chicken a little bit of
coleslaw healthy bread and damn an
acetal dessert I'm just gonna eat the
chicken the rest of it okay thank you
the more and more are some planes the
more and more my muscles stiffen oh
really I'm really struggling to stand up
right now I literally feel drunk I'm not
even joking yeah not like I like metal
seized together typical England
typical typical England as soon as I
come back into the country its rained
Terminal three we meet again
and I'll see you again soon it's that
Chilean in England I'm tempted to put on
Lydia's Co and trust me I've tried it on
in the past it slightly fits but you
know now I'm so small from the gym it
might not so just saying look at that
look at how great is just miserable like
that's what I was expecting but that's
what's incoming so the Hustle is real
trying to get my vlog edited in the back
of the taxi right now it's already an
hour late but if I can get it edited and
then get home and just upload it
straight well I'll be fine however it
usually takes you about 20 minutes to
get home look at the speed of this
traffic right now it's probably gonna
take me like an hour and my back the
laptops about today so
homuth sweet homuth it's good to be back
but tell you what it's good to be back
but drama time apparently there was a
van stolen at the top of my Road this
week and not only that my neighbor
across the road had their car smashed
into and they unfortunately in the card
some like designer coats or whatever but
they also had their passports and like 2
grands cash in their car I definitely
wouldn't left that in my car and I'm not
trying to chew my neighbours out for
that but what the fuck what is going on
with my rotor I feel like I live in the
ghetto right now so man there was a lot
of no beds in the world and just like
that the vlogs red during May he
actually ended up being quite a long fog
like 25 minutes or something like that
not bad not bad so I'm gonna open up the
TeamViewer so I don't have to sit here
and wait for it to finish for me to be
able to upload it what I'm gonna do oh
my god I just remembered how
I mean isn't how long this is gonna take
to upload it's half seven now so I
reckon maybe an an o'clock upload like
seriously well I'm gonna open up
TeamViewer so I can go to the poll but
go and see my dad and all the riders
cause it's Tuesday Duvall Road and I
haven't I'm kind of glad because I can't
move my legs but I'm gonna go down there
meet up with out have a beer catch up
with everyone tell some stories and
that's gonna be here that's gonna be me
for the day so let's let's get her gone
I'm so sorry I'm so so I thought I'd be
better by now but like cuz I just sat on
the plane doing nothing I've literally I
feel like the Tin Man in Alice in
Wonderland I've just seized I've
completely seized up so nice to be home
it really is nice to be home it sucks
about the neighbors cagin broke into it
got smashed into right there so I think
I fucking hate is Pheebs you know like
the fart of thinking that you've got
them got the the right it to be able to
take someone that belongs to someone
else is just like can ridiculous man
itself can out of order so I hope they
catch them they've got CCTV so I think
they said they caught the guys faces so
let's hopefully come on just point
something out real quick that I've
noticed in like all the reflections of
like as a walk past if I got like a
mullet
I got long haul at the bag did she not
even shave it down good if I got a
little ponytail growing at the back of a
head cuz if I do that probably the last
time I'm gonna go to that place and get
my hair caught I've got my own barber in
the UK as you guys know like I love my
barber a he does my hair on point every
time but for Joe mighty go into America
I need a barber
I can use every time because if I don't
and I end up bald and with a mullet so
not a fun this walk getting me to the
grapes usually takes me about five
minutes it's literally taking me twice
the amount of time because I'm walking
like a bloody rusty robot look at this
Wesley be in star this looks brilliant
Oh they've really outdone themselves
with this this place is needed this for
the longest time because do you guys not
remember when that car crashed straight
into the front of the the pub well
hopefully that won't happen again with
these like walls and stuff like that but
you know
this is absolutely amazing defenders
assemble hey it's so good to be back
from that I could see land row defenders
in the u k-- in the US all right
what I got here you I'm just well you
know the weather's alright right now to
be honest is this supposed to be nice
this week that's a no are you riding
Friday sweet hello dear baby what you do
yeah did baby why do you think it took
us so long yeah why do you think it took
so long hahaha prawns and egg oh oh my
potato isn't cold floor and beer over
hmm hey hey man listen I'm back I'm
gonna be writing Friday leave me alone
all right I just couldn't ride today
because they did loads of swole exercise
yesterday I'm so big now and be twice as
fast on the bike I'm actually I'm so
sore I'm gonna I'm gonna go get I think
I'm gonna go home now I think I'm gonna
get I've got some muscle soaking bath no
battle I'm gonna get in there and I
don't put movie on a server that's my
fun well thank you very much for dinner
guys appreciate it time for some faction
Tom so you know I got malaise eyes
ladies Eisen it was I got my eyes
lasered when I was like 19 or something
like that well it's wore off completely
now well not completely
my eyes were terrible I couldn't even
see if someone was like this close in
front of me where they were looking I
can see better than that now but
probably 50% of what I used to be able
to see so I used to have like like 20/20
vision now got like 10:10 vision so it's
still better than it was but it's not as
good but with me get my eyes lasered I
got a ten year warranty so I can go back
and get my eyes redone or I could just
wear glasses but when you are tired
your eyesight gets poorer when you're
not hydrated and your eyesight gets
poorer so I'm like dehydrated and tired
right now
so I can't see shit to the point where
like these people in front of me I can't
even tell if they're looking at me or
down the road or anything so I am just
like pure struggle boss right now and
I'm deciding whether or not I want to go
and get my eyes relays it cuz do I not
really why
earth can I see a firework display in
Manchester from my house that takes
absurd oh no ahh bra I just killed a
snail I'm home I can hear the sheep in
my garden you know that like AHA just
beautiful field I've got out back
well they filled it with sheep before
they build houses on it
they decided one last time to put sheep
in it so in the morning I might try and
get myself a pet sheep finally got the
vlog live at 10:45 p.m. so so sorry
sorry about that yesterday really can
only apologise for it being so late but
I returned Lydia's colour mom and hair
just popped round the way we collected
the coat and after they went they just
finished that if you guys remember like
with you scram I wasn't well and this is
why I'm using it as a topic to move on
to this is it Livia's grammar wasn't
well well she's okay she's not in high
school at the moment they've just been
clean out a bit of her house at the
moment so on the way past they just came
and collected the coat so it really good
to see ladies mum I love it I love us so
much like and I know it sounds so like
sup in all this but of all the
relationships I've ever had
Lydia's mum was hands down the most
kindest like just best person ever that
would have made the best grandma in the
world whoa good kid and I just mean it
like she was so awesome and just so nice
to me
that I love her to pieces and I always
hope to forever stay friends with them
if you've ever been a relationship and
the moms ever been a bitch then you know
what to talk about or if you're there if
you're the girl in the relationship and
like the mom is a bitch on that side you
know exactly what I'm talking about like
the mum can make or break a relationship
I know you shouldn't get involved but
you know the relationships I've been
like this is just too much kind of this
not getting involved in it no no no no
no your driving our relationship apart
whereas Lydia's mom was the the greatest
person ever I love her so much
and I I just wish them all wish her all
the best she's one of the greatest
people I've ever met in life so I just
thought I'd say that what she came we
collected the coach he's got the jacket
it was all good I collected it home safe
know where we returned the coat
huzzah shocker my jet LAG's kicked in
and sort of my body still wants ease
mode I've currently walk oh it's really
o'clock I've tried to get back to sleep
and I'm absolutely starving so I'm gonna
try and see if I've got any milk
my house so I can have some cereal
because I'm starving and if I don't have
milk that means I can only have one
thing can you guess what it is it was it
was dummy ramen I've done ramen up there
but um oh my god oh my god oh my god
it's indeed yes but green milk green
milk oh no no no no no I'm a blue milk
boy blue milk aside day three of after
the gym and I'm still in agony oh my god
ii-i've been taking like cold showers
I've been trying to hydrate as much as
possible like loads of like eating
protein like chicken salmon and all sort
of stuff it just didn't sit doesn't seem
to be able to do in the trick but guys I
might in tomorrow's vlog gonna find out
tomorrow
I might have some amazing news about the
internet like as you guys know the plugs
are always late when I'm home
because my internet it's just so slow I
if I got my video edited now right at
this time I'd be able to upload it like
that literally literally minutes if not
seconds choclo the vlog walk because me
Internet's poop I can't do that it takes
me hours so really really sorry about
today's love being late I was actually
out with my sister because it's her
birthday today so if you're watching
this vlog right now on the 9th of May go
on hit up Alice I'll put a Twitter and
Instagram down below it'll probably make
her birthday if you all go and following
it Instagram like I know it's a lot of
you who watch this right now and she's
on like 60,000 followers if we get at
100,000 she literally shit the bed but
she probably not the best thing for her
to do on her birthday but nonetheless it
would mean a lot to her cuz I know you
guys are all part of like my life and a
lot of people follow like my dad and
Carl and everyone like that if you guys
want to go and follow our list wish her
a happy birthday wish her all the best
and hopefully have a really nice night
snack because we're going out for a meal
some drinks and it's gonna be a good
time but again sorry for the delay of
this my my jet like just messed up my
sleep I'm hoping today to be back on
track
usually it usually takes me like a day
or two by the time I get back to the UK
to get things sorted which which is good
but at the same time I'm going back to
America like literally next week so
there's probably no points on I'm asleep
in schedule I might as well just stay
awake all day vlog in and then just
stream on that and then whenever my time
tired just wing it that way because I'm
gonna get myself into the UK pattern and
then go straight back to the US that
would just be completely messed up so it
is where it is but guys
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rain subscribe and
I'll see you all tomorrow at six ish
I'll just see you tomorrow for the next
air blow okay follow me on to our opera
syndicate on instagram at syndicate and
I'll see you another day and another dog
much love on a shop D home Rus
