new dawn new day heading to the beach
boy your boys almost rolling out with no
oakley's yep because it's Cinco de Mayo
so chilling in the Sun everyone's
relaxing it's gonna be okay this is
hella random that was my uber driver I
was halfway to my destination and I went
you know what knowledge about here
because look what I found
anyone remember this place right here
they used to live around the corner from
this and mean took he used to come here
all the time so rather than going out
with for the day absolutely starving I'm
gonna get some food amazing decisions
have been made right now why I say
amazing decisions have been made like
look at all this it's all so perfectly
looking fake but I'm getting this bad
boy and it's absolutely amazing
expectations reality but it still takes
really good that's exactly what I needed
seriously I've had no breakfast to start
my day off I was about to go to the
beach which I think everyone's gonna be
drinking I'm not gonna today no I'm
gonna get fat off pocky so I'm gonna
take and one took some standard pocket
yeah this is good this has got two for
$3 mmm cookies and cream yep wait what
I've found an answer it's mayonnaise
that's some weird ass packaging for
mayonnaise honestly if you ever come to
LA I definitely recommend him coming
here cuz like you've got all like the
Japanese books and movies and all that
sort of stuff in there that you can buy
you've got the food and then you got the
supermarket and you got this this is new
G sweets just loads of like Japanese
mucky cream treats so I stick that away
if you ever come to LA on a holiday you
want to come too that's a cold you've
got to come to here if you ever come to
LA make that place is absolutely rubbed
oh my goodness this squad of bikers oh
my gosh that's so cool we're gonna bike
- colleges
it's something so simple but how you
want sun sea and sand makes me so happy
look it this is the number-one reason
why I ever wait to live in LA because of
the Sun and just like being out to be so
close to it that's like when I lived it
took her we were only like 10 minutes
away from it and even my apartment now
I'm only 10 minutes away from it but
everyone I know and hang out with
they're all like 30 minutes in the
opposite direction into the city and
they're like they don't care about the
beach or as I I love it they're saying
up I think the volleyball volleyball
volleyball net look at Ace absolutely
heavenly the only thing that's not
heavenly about this place is to see you
remember like why it's freezing cold I'm
like absolutely freezing nice alright so
the way this game works is we run
currently Luke and Jordan are on 20
points and they need to get warm on it
to get 21
you only need one on to win the game
you're tripling us go right now one on
to win the game if I get this in the
store as a recording go on Lucas it's
your destiny
switch again oh the wind
that was definitely okay so now the
other thing is Luke doesn't need any
more points so we can just purposely
miss I need to get this there's no
pressure charlie
no pressure so Mitch what's out right
look at this one right on the beach with
playing games I'm just looking around
and the ED was right behind us that's
like the big bridge
anyways plane I'm gonna be fun actually
don't think that's pretty good sighs
nothing
I feel so American right now because you
can't have a beer on the beach you have
to put it in a red cup and that's why I
like a party where we see in a red cup
so to beat American but I'm drinking
Stella I'm not aware I am in life
wherever I am or what I'm doing
Land Rover defenders will always
assemble oh my god what a spy just know
is I miss my defender so one of the more
reasons people don't come to this Beach
there's no facilities - slice so I'm
going to Hanks apartment for a week but
I made one mistake didn't bring shoes so
the struggle bus is real I go in pee no
I'm gonna break the seal I'm gonna keep
having to run back to this apartment
which is gonna take like 10 minutes
every time so I'm going to take my time
hey Hanks place is looking hella nice
dude I love Hank I love Nikki there's
such good people and by the way I'm says
right now have you seen these freckles
I've used soudanese freckles oh my god
I'm so happy playing volleyball on the
beach when this sun's like not even
anywhere near down everyone's gone and
and then there was four this is last
last legend standing the perfect way
Hank to celebrate winning a game of
volleyball in the Sun in America
yeah damn America Twinkies
America Twinkie sunset could you get any
more American than this Nikki oh my god
thank you so much for all that's to it
kind of thing wait can I get a plate or
something Hey oh my god this is
absolutely beautiful like why they not
out of bill like an entire furniture
section up here and share well well not
a lied to you but if no one knows about
it right looks like a volcano it's
beautiful it's absolutely beautiful I
think I can Conundrum percent confirm
that I am sunburned I probably shouldn't
put some creamer but like look how my
face here no sunburn whatsoever but this
oh yeah
dust burnt this dog man this dog kills
me I don't like this one but that is a
cute thing so seriously cute even though
I whoa whoa what is with you and me
putting the camera on you getting all
close what's gonna say I feel like the
more time you spend with each other the
closer we get yo do not jump off you
will literally break every bone in your
body
yeah don't now the time is here thank
you to this guy he actually took my
house keys so I wasn't able to get home
but he came back the homie I can get
home and just what we're doing Luke yeah
literally I think I've been on it I
think I said I think I've been on a free
three-week quite literally non-stop go
go go go go go go go go
I think I could do a week of just pure
healthiness that'd be quite good but I'm
not ya know I'm talking about going to
Cayman Islands but then it is just roam
everywhere so my friend good day maybe
was it good sir thank you so much really
appreciate a very very tired sunburnt
Tom returns home after a long day turned
out really good and I had a lot of fun
it's just I know it's an odd thing
like I'm very much open to filming oh my
god oh my oh my god I didn't realize how
how red I am holy
but like I'm like I feel like pretty
much everything around anyone and all
that sort of stuff but I will tell you
this like I've met so many people and
filmed around so many people and Luke's
gotten a really good group of friends
like really really really really really
good but when I vlog around them and
they're all a bit like Oh something
today like that's that we're not used to
this you know I was like Luke and all
like YouTube is the shooter this hangout
with all that chill with it but when I
vlog around like other people like
Luke's friends and people I know they
look a bit like mmm and I don't want
anyone to feel like I'm comfortable or
anything like that so I kind of fulfill
us like never else well I'm dude I
explained to be like oh that's cool you
know they understand it so they feel a
bit more comfortable boy yes it's weird
when I'm at like when I'm hanging around
with like his friends the I just choose
not to vlog as much and I kind of like
then movies out on film in my day but
it's something I need to get better at
doing because like I was like playing
volleyball and all associate so wish I
would have filmed it better so you live
in Ulan right now I'm just gonna get in
here I'm gonna sit in front of that
television and I'm gonna watch I'm gonna
just watch Big Bang Theory something
chill out pass out and be fresh for
tomorrow rather than having to get up
stupidly early to get my voice get it
uploaded before tomorrow I decided to do
it now nearly midnight because that way
I can actually sleep into like eight
o'clock rather than having to get up at
7 a.m. because I'm all meat not with
captain's faculties tomorrow at like 9
o'clock and we're gonna try and do
something fun which I thought is like it
CaptainSparklez is I'm like a fitness
like praise like he's absolutely ripped
as hell he's super fit and all that and
I always thought you know I want to see
his videos and stuff like yeah I could
never do that but I'd still attempt it
and still try because I don't know what
my personal best is that lifting away or
something like that and I know the
moment I try it I just absolutely ripped
my back out
but for walls me and Jordan tomorrow
might be going to the gym so when John
was like bench-pressing like 6 billion
pounds I'm gonna see how much I get bent
Brett benchpress not in a sense of like
I think I'm as strong as him because
trust me I'm
and he is a very ripped dude he's been
working out a lot so I just want to go
to the gym I thought it'd be funny to
compare like what he's capable of doing
and what I'm capable to do so just
thought that would be like a fun thing
to do so we may be doing that tomorrow
but more importantly we're gonna be
getting in these Ford GT and going for a
drive so I'm really excited for that
it's an an AM star get it rendered get
it uploaded and then it be fresh for
tomorrow because I just I I was gonna go
out tonight I had people hit me up be
like are we gonna do this we're gonna
drink we're gonna do that and I'm just
like if I go out tonight and come back
at 5:00 a.m. whatever time I come back
but then I have to wake up at like 8:00
a.m. to edit the vlog and then I have to
be at CaptainSparklez by 9:00 the vlog
will never get uploaded so trying to
stay true to the game of getting the
vlog uploaded you know what it's going
well so far so America has been amazing
I came and got a suntan that's exactly
what I wanted but I've enjoyed myself
but I'm ready to go back and celebrate
Alice's birthday so two more days and I
like let's enjoy it so thanks for
watching
make sure you click that thumbs up
button subscribe I'll see y'all tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the exterior blog much
love and I said yes
