oh my god it's a disgusting day outside
just look at it
fortunately it's a rainy I'll stay
doesn't really make a difference to me
because I had no plans like to go out in
the rain I was supposed to be but I'll
see my brother but I rang him at home
and he's not answered bought whilst I
was sleeping today my granddad has been
round and rang my doorbell so he's come
looking for me
I've been looking friend and now I don't
know where he is so until he gets maybe
home in about 20 minutes so I'm gonna
give an over from Colin said he wants to
get some dinner tonight well bloody
bastards not good a mobile phone so I
can't contact him I am not even sure if
I even started vlogging today but we're
going yeah good good let's go adventure
alright first of all come on yeah okay
all right we're going on then shit so
Lydia's cousins boyfriend's opened a new
restaurant in Manchester and we're going
checking it out we're giving it a Tom
review the honk good thing about that is
if I don't like it I'm still gonna be
really honest so then the person's gonna
hate me and I'm just like a mad I'm
being honest might not be for me but it
might be for you so my touch is arrived
I'm gonna Manchester by now my uber
arrived
well not maybe my taxi ride but but he's
not feeling too well so she asked me if
I could drive and I've ensured my new
insurance will come side out allows me
to drive anyone else's car here is fully
calm self and they're driving the DS car
16 hours later we finally make it into
Manchester yes
I drove but I didn't pack a cat I can't
do parking skill I've never had so I
Drive to the destination
get out switch places with you and then
she parks boom skill pretty sure oh yeah
is this what haiku love Ivy Scott hell
yeah hipsters help this is so Los
Angeles right now I love it
I'm going to go ahead and try a pop a
dozen I feel like I'm doing a disservice
to lose because this is totally kind of
ice oh look at the lovely Kasich comes
another monk I like it
the kitchen's pretty much close it now
thought because we know the chef of the
bay so we cut yeah because we know that
it's not about what you know is about
herido they keep to the kitchen open
they're gonna break is the selection of
all the food so that's all the way far
down I thought I would be a chef so
don't you sure how long it's gonna be
stop by after drink is there in Vega
flat that's what palms up is going to be
dreadful
yeah we got love which I think may be
covered in cilantro I'm hoping notebook
we got love and we got more yes
this is how Lydia tries to take
instagrams look at her I'm so
professional well look at this a feast
with a bear thanks cottage cheese
ricotta ricotta cheese and butternut
squash with Parmesan where's company now
there's way too raw for very nice but
because it's too raw to chewing this is
a mango laughter which is 7.2%
jollof labor
you didn't even try them okay maybe she
did I just realized something
Lydia was like do you wanna go out
tonight all right Thursday's out you got
to go in the mornings oh yeah
turns out it's not Thursday it's a
Friday night so
7.2% danke I think not also can we just
find out how good this bath logo is like
this
how thick is that the nozzle boom that's
amazing what an awesome spot tonight
this is hitman up this has been such an
awesome night and the teacher isn't
don't mention super chill super hipster
but really nice alcohol that's a win
wait wait wait a second awkward
I was recording a video here didn't even
click record so anyway I asked Lydia
where she thought I got this painting
from I tried to play it off like where
do you think forgot that painted canvas
from each room yeah I really expect the
hell is attached to the wall painting
cook oh my god that's just okay whatever
it's come to my intention that I did
indeed buy this from Ikea when I was
like 16 17 and as much as a lovely
painting it is it's about time I put up
something else I don't think that's
gonna hold it there's no way on God's
green earth that this tiny metal hawk is
gonna hold this very heavy frame or this
is a risk out of ten yeah nailed it
probably a bit too high to the ceiling
but whatever yeah that was way too high
right now what what what it's not an
epic fail you just thought it's not the
right it's not the right this paint in
needs to go they're just nuts needs
they're the bar at the box in the middle
it's too high it's a lovely photo but
that needs to be on this wall here and
then it needs something that much is
that frame going over there but if I go
to my art collection in here right
that's a telescope okay so I have this
which could be hung on the wall but oh
maybe I could put this oh there's no
ways if I if I thought it wasn't gonna
hold bar it ain't gonna hold bar and I
don't wanna risk smashing that but I
didn't respond that but what the hell is
it posting I don't like that
dear cow okay I can't do this with one
hand holy shit I know I smashed it dear
cow this was for you mate I might just
leave that there for one day
again I need one big piece of art
candlelight this IKEA piece that does
the job properly but Cal nobody birdie
yeah
one entire conversation later and three
art pieces later
yeah IKEA pieces back on a wall my
favorite are the last two short make the
most of it don't don't you agree there
Lydia don't you agree
thrones pretty cool but what's the best
art piece it's definitely not art this
is art don't know don't know don't know
nope not even keeping this a secret
so we're Lydia eating noodles watching
Gossip Girl
ali-a I know you watch this shout out to
your face he's on season 2 I'm on season
1 love you brother
yeah some of the comments were in the
shelf and oh boy I don't care because
it's all about the episodes XO I always
thought what Sabrina sister called
brother called Sabrina Sebastian
Sheila dad called I love the show ok you
got even see anything I'm going back
we're gonna play a game now whether or
not did Tom stay up til 6
watching Gossip Girl or did he go to bed
and have a good night sleep Tim Tim Tim
Tim if you chose Tom having a good
night's sleep then you clearly can't see
these bags I'm to the side
these eyes because yeah I watch Gossip
Girl till 6 o'clock in the morning let's
just scroll over to this video called
dear Apple real quick where I said if
you want me to keep using I believe this
camera leave a light crane and we
reached 11,000 light cranes I said if
you want to use the old camera leave a
dislike and we reach 2300 soo according
to these statistics and we're gonna be
sticking it with this camera right here
at this phone I think it is because
people like the HD quality nurse of the
front camera even though sometimes look
like a potato so all I can say is I'm
sorry that sometimes it looks crap
sometimes it does look good but dude's
me bring this up a lot of people between
now on to our stuff our tech people
responding saying apparently Apple needs
to do an up day for the front-facing
camera and if they do it might fix it
all so we're gonna hold off from
throwing this camera in the bin just
yeah not literally just I mean switch it
out to the older the old X but yeah
rather than jumping a gun yeah we're
gonna see if we put out an update to fix
this camera because what it's so zoomed
in which I don't think they'll fix but
to the low-light in and Baikal pixel a
joke sometime hopefully they can fix
that if they do we'll be onto a winner
winner chicken dinner so until then guys
we're just going to stick with this
really close up how you doing this this
is great yeah I know it's pretty
personal in it can look but it is really
and in tomorrow's vlog you're gonna see
me a pie in quite hard with maybe some
guest appearances in the vlog yeah I'm
not saying no but you're gonna find out
when you find out because I'm going to
watch it occur MacGregor fire up a house
and I may have sent a few invites out to
a few people you guys might like to see
in the vlog so we'll see how that goes
but nonetheless
I have to end today's vlog right here
right now so thank you for watching hope
you enjoyed the video if you did make
sure leave a like rate subscribe and
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next day of luck so until then we're
just look to your faces
I know sorry yes
