oh are you kidding me I came to LA for
the Sun and it's raining are you
actually even kidding me
womp womp three alarms later I decided
you know what I will get our bed I just
can't believe what I'm looking at right
now I'm hoping the weather gets better
it's supposed to be sunshine and rainbow
won't know eyes rainbows but it just
looks great miserable good morning to
your faces it is now I think yeah it's
10:00 a.m. in LA how do I know it's
10:00 a.m. I know is because it's nearly
6 p.m. in the UK and I'm only just
clicking render on my video I'm gonna
have to get used to getting outta bed at
like 7 a.m. to get my vlog edited
uploaded and on time for 6 p.m. in the
UK because the vlog has to go live at 10
a.m. in LA for it to be on time for 6
p.m. in the UK and as of my first day
here I'm already late my name is Tom my
for nearly five week streak of my vlogs
been on time every single day has now
come to a fail because I travelled
across the side of the world
I hope it's understandable excuse but if
it's not then you know what you can just
go fuck yourself look at me being a
grown up how American is this by the way
don't get me wrong I know we have
washing machines and dryers in the UK
but just so America looking I'm gonna
put it away in the cupboard
Oh houston we have a problem and it's
not the fact that I do need a haircut
it's the fact that I have no hair gel
here at all so when in doubt with hair
gel mm-hmm cut it out
actually you know what whilst I'm
getting my hair cut I'm gonna pick up my
secret hair recipe if you don't know
what that is I discovered once this
stuff called like Floyd's barbershop
powder hair like pokey stuff and it's
literally like dust that you're
sprinkling yeah but it gives you that
like beachy cert but kind of like that
actually mmm maybe I don't know just
beachy look rather than look at our wax
seen anything like that it just looks
like you stuck up naturally rather than
like you look glued up so let's all vote
now let's vote right now am I gonna come
out of this barbershop happy or am I
gonna come out this barbershop
absolutely pissed mmm see like it
doesn't look too but no but it's just
it's just getting a bit
long we'll just need a tiny trim tiny
please don't mess my hair off booked in
30 minutes - wait I'm gonna go to the
Granville market you're gonna grab
myself some food run view charissa with
eggs rice beans in Tata and this is a
Mexican place I'm gonna be honest I
don't quite know what I've ordered for
I've ordered it I'm trying something new
and I'm gonna try and go out my way this
week everyday to go somewhere new and
eat something different I'm gonna go out
for breakfast dinner no breakfast lunch
and dinner in different locations I want
to I just want to try anything's in life
so you know what I'm now gonna sit down
and read the NAG agonal don't even know
what this is I'm gonna get quite fun out
here in LA I'm gonna eat somewhere new
every day that's a pretty okay vanilla
milk shake for breakfast dude my me just
been oh my god right look at the price
of these houses that's a million dollars
for just a one like what 1.5 million for
a four-bedroom two-bathroom they're all
hot I know offense that person who lives
at the house bought like the house
prices in LA and you're just ridiculous
man like look look at that look at that
one point eight million me I truly just
do not understand how people can afford
to live in LA I really I really don't I
really really don't like going wrong I
get I guess the like the price of living
out is higher and they get higher wages
bought how truly don't even know I
bought it here but all I can see is so
untrue eggs
yeah the eggs pretty good but it's
basically soggy tart Ella's
- spicy oh dear this is apparently one
of the most popular Mexican breakfast
dishes I should have known it would have
had so lunch I wouldn't but more
importantly it's literally like this is
kind of rude but soggy Doritos that is
spicy with eggs well note to self stick
to food that I would kind of eat not
just trying something completely new and
different soggy Doritos not my cup of
tea I'm hoping right now that Natalie
isn't gonna make me look bald it should
hopefully will so far so good so thank
you very very much for that and
definitely give a five star and a really
good tip so what's how was Costa yeah
one day into being in LA and he's
absolutely choking it now so I quite
literally brought the rain with me I'm
so sad right now
I still got both my ears I don't see any
bald spots right now so we're good
rather than light you look glued up so
I am so not about this weather right now
absolutely chucking it now no no no no
no no no no I said I even said on the
plane
imagine if it's raining in LA I'm gonna
cry I truly feel like I truly feel like
crying right I rubbed a little bit like
gel in my hair it was a bit bit you know
I was just said a bit too light wet
thingy greased so I think I like I like
the matte look that's what I like but
had to forgot to buy that special powder
stuff I was talking about that was the
whole reason I went to the barbers but I
will stay a little bit sure
but the way she's going like the fades
really good it'll grow back really good
in like a few days righty-ho ladies and
gentleman you might recognize well this
wall is the wall of flying dicks on
fighting night fighting naked men but we
own that building there and that was our
offices and however now we are no longer
in the end building it's a big piece of
art we've upgraded to something probably
three times our size now I don't know
where it is so I've got to try and find
it it might be down here and take a left
but I already think I'm wrong almost
confident that that's Angelo's G Wagon
so I don't know ever I'm going inside
this building here or rabbit ways at
Lucas
oh hey just now okay dude this place
looks absolutely perfect for go kind
like legit this would be so much fun
this is so cool I have not yet been to
this place yet so forgive me for not
knowing where anything is this is the 3d
printing room we got all these going off
right now we've got all these things
down here whoa these are so sick this is
some Westworld shit man
this is some west-world shit I was left
to go a syndicate v3 shoes whoo I love
that car that is so awesome this is
gonna become our new offices are you
actually serious really in all of it is
it crazy all of it all of it nah that's
gonna be the student live-streaming
studio on the right and the VOD studio
on the left career what this is amazing
I was not expecting this it's a holy
crap this is this is nice drinks and
events here this is amazing
covered ooh wow I cannot believe how
much space there is yeah this is so cool
it's like a really modern how can I just
guys rent this is my god this is my
apartment
oh my god where's your office
oh he's got one he's found it I just
Saint Luke seems like a big waste of
space like why don't you put building
there's some but but like what's the
most valuable thing in LA Park Hawking
packing is the most valuable thing in
Los Angeles oh my god
the photo studio VOD lots of different
things
Wow dude this is 15,000 times bigger
than what I thought it was gonna be oh
my god this is that stack this is
gorgeous
that is so nice this is our new office
dude fuck good job my man well done well
good
Wow Shelby Vince Reggie and shout-out to
the homies oh my goodness me there's so
much room for activities oh there's
literally so much now don't get me wrong
this doesn't this doesn't mean I can go
go cotton around this place 100% go
you better not want to zip wire in here
or some shit
and right around the corner from our
office is this place called urban radish
and look at all this oh yes I am okay I
approve of the new office and its
location regardless of whether or not
this place is hipsters poo it is really
nice
I've been here a bunch of times the
sandwiches here are really good the meat
here is really good
it's also fresh and new like wow Kenyon
black tea for nine dollars I do a pop
tart
look at these homemade pop-tarts
yes but I'm gonna go for sushi in a box
I'm assuming and hoping this is fresh
and that I'm not gonna get like stop for
food poisoning look this place is gonna
become like my second home pick up balls
a Gulch
Grolsch I knew you I said that wrong
girls Peroni yeah yeah I saw a dude this
is why 3bd is one of the coolest
companies ever look at this look at this
all this stuff we've been working all
right hey what there's that girl that I
dated that one time that was such a good
trip so like look when we went like up
to the mountains and stuff on a little
like get away look at that that was such
a good trip oh so much fun
me I'm like an easter egg I'm hidden
everywhere I just like to throw this out
here that we have a link mate not major
Maxim's we have we have 16 Maxim's at
his company we had 15 and then I walked
into the office and said these words and
it made it into the book we got oh oh
hello women do I'm just gonna haircut
and she she butchered me hungry say no
right now you're like we got look at all
these Maxim's and I came into the office
get shit done that's the one I said and
it put it in the book how is that popped
up that good I'll tell you this sue
she's actually really really solid very
much of fun alright so last time I was
here Jason built me a PC or and was
ordering it for me to be able to use
when I'm here in stream Luke cancelled
the order so bitch
so now I'm stealing his $9,000 PC and
his 4k monitor thanks Jason you're a
great friend he does it he's not using
it at the moment I'm surprised it's even
plugged in
so it's now it's not plugged in as it no
so it's mine just for the explanation I
thought my internet in my house was bad
I'm getting 500 up founded output until
I'm home which is like unheard of in the
UK the signal on this building is that
bad that we're running off wireless
hotspots room reserved
thank you you put that on for me wait
was that always there no I had a suite
this is this is gonna become my gaming
station room and this is just oh my oh
my okay okay
builds most weirdest space bar ever seen
on a keyboard in my life oh it's a razor
case what brother this is dope how many
times you used it six times I don't know
where you're going now that you're
running away now that I've got my own
I've got my own way in life Luke this is
it like all I've ever wanted I know it
sounds so pathetic and but so obvious
but all I want to do is when it comes to
sue because my apartments like an hour
and a half away all I want to be able to
do is like sit stream edit videos do
whatever need to get doing just just
smash it out and then when they go Tommy
oh we need you for a meeting or
something I can just step out of my
little office and then go and get it
done but all this time Luke was like no
you can't have an office you can't have
appreciate you can never find out I've
got page I'm a madman or corner you
fucker do this whereas if you just make
friends with Jason Jason gets shit done
so thanks Jason
Jason's getting a raise I knew this was
suspicious looking it's my face but look
at this I've got my own shoes what Oh
Jason is that's Jason's office in there
but we have this boiler thing so we
don't see each other so that's got a
rude but look at this I got my own
little razor computer set up in here and
I got this bad boy dude I am so ready
for this this is like a 4k 13 scream
sounded news bit echo we know hello oh
you don't know like a few minutes ago is
ripping the wireless dongle like well we
have to use wireless dongles because our
internet so bad here well yeah it's
faster than my house so AM ribbon the
stages of game development from this to
this
yes this is some true behind-the-scenes
stuff you're seeing here guys and I'm so
excited and by the way this is a memory
forever this is my first ever meeting in
my office at 3b d/deaf they finally gave
me one it's totally not a conference
room with a sticker on the wall saying
please don't come any Tom's but I
finally got my first ever office
nobody's four should ever look like like
I know it seems something so simple of
like just having my own room here the
office but like as you guys know I'm
very context for the people who don't
know what through videos through
beauty's a company started by myself
Luke Angelo seananners and then along
the line fun us as well we all came
aboard it's like we make video games
like merchandise films animation just
like and then just stuff that came think
of that we're involved then it's just
mad so it's like on a whole nother scale
but like with with the company I've
always been like traveling back and
forth between the US so I never
necessarily needed my own little spot
post because the offices were smaller
like it was never room for me to have my
own spot I was never bothered by it but
I always thought like if we scale up
I just want my my room to be able to
just be in and streaming do whatever I
want in and then when someone's like yo
Tom I need your input on this I can be
like boom go like so today you know that
you saw me speaking to these guys here
and that was awesome because we're going
over like concept art for the game but I
was in a meeting prior to that for like
two hours going over everything for the
game that IP of the game the future that
game the storyline that everything like
this dream stuff like and this is all
just like passion projects like truly
truly passion projects like when I'm in
town I can give some advice but like I
really want to get back out here more
often to be doing this because this is
much fruit dream and passion and that
you know this is why I went to school to
do game design and programming and I
liked like games that programming but to
design games and come up with games and
release games and like now about
everything they scale you don't put 3bd
by like so much more it makes me so
happy like it truly makes me so happy to
be doing it
and yeah the fact that I felt like at my
own space my own computer even though
it's only gonna last a week makes me so
happy so I'm not gonna use this time to
watch the Kanye West interview like no
fucking joke like if when I'm not needed
I can just do whatever I want when I
want and when they need me I'm gone so
let's see what Kanye West has to say
wait a minute what's going on with his
hair ah you look like a Cornetto owe me
that right now tell that right now we're
confidence that you don't think it looks
the same because I'm telling you right
now it does always I saying you know
about like oh yes it I was like you can
get milk delivered in two hours well
look what else you can get delivered new
webcams I needed for streaming in here
and then man aware headset I am
sponsored by razor book I didn't bring
one with me and I need one here for at
the office so we just got this delivered
by two hours of Amazon how awesome is
that
got the webcam set up got my headphones
rocket roller listen to that sound
got my little USB extender thinking hip
I don't even know what that is but it
comes with the razor headset and it's
incredible but I'm like how long into
this 44 minutes into the interview and
I've spent that entire time responding
to people like look at this look at this
community right here
I've spent 44 minutes at a responded to
comments and you know what it makes me
so happy to be able to do this I love
having that spare time to do it because
like when I am traveling I'm call for
the moment and my days you say go go go
go go go and I never get the moment to
chill I don't get the moment to and time
to respond to you guys so having a nice
section at a to just chill out and spend
time with you guys it's great cool all
right
this interview is an hour and 45 minutes
long for an hour and 45 minutes look
look at how small the scrollwheel is and
look look at how many I responded to
look at that look at that where you see
that little red dice pretty much where I
responded to every single comment me
look I'm even gonna make it super
Speedman look at how many responded to
you are you even kidding me
I need to get out of this room and get a
water because I've dehydrate my tits off
there's no way
still in this meeting is he still what
oh my god you doing are you still in it
no you ready yes I spent an hour and 45
minutes replying to YouTube comments oh
that's amazing
no no it really is no it really it
really is to the point where I then
might refresh the video that there was
robots I don't know this setup is one
step closer to completion so I'm gonna
say goodbye to it for tonight
much love adios and goodbye this is this
is why I like 3bd is just always firstly
than always going because they don't
leave the AUSA office to like 9 o'clock
at night like seriously what is that
what was like a wolf it's just a really
disgusting movie cap we were supposed to
be at home playing Fraulein for last
three hours but Luke was supposed off
like a 50-minute mean or half an hour
meeting and it took four hours someone
in the comments said how the does that
dog get up and down these stairs where
the stairs are bigger than the dog
welcome to the house of sake a house
owner
so yes I did just have sushi for my
lunch today
it's been an interesting day of weird
Mexican dinner sushi and now I'm having
quite possibly even more sushi me and
Lucas supposed to be playing for tonight
all night tonight but we're getting some
food and charging up game ready for it
but in true Luke fashion chairs
Thanks so why is this a thing because
it's delicious
this just seems like a waste of sake
I'll show you okay
this means a bowl of puffiness Oh full
look full of hot minutes right okay Tom
makes daily vlogs so he's recording this
yeah she's gonna try and get it better
you like
he'll be cool what'd I tell you guys
about trying new foods every day I've
probably already had this before but the
other cup the UM
oh wait wait I know the chairs I know
the chairs come by it I'm fine come by
this is like cooked meat but then they
just dropped an egg over it so you gotta
cook the egg right yeah we're gonna cook
the egg oh thank you this bowl is Hall
cook that egg this is what I like la
this is such a good story that I'm gonna
tell for the rest of my life now because
Luke's all I'm a you ready go this is
out cheers started that's how the mugs
you know you bang them the other thing
about hard enough they didn't used to be
made of plastic a bit of metal or wood
he had the banging hard enough so that
beer or whatever lives in here from Mike
tough would slash in yours and yours and
sort of mine and you devote know that I
wasn't trying to play the Jun you were
trying to poison me because together and
that's how choosing started look it up
education being racism it's not just a
bit of good-looking man whose terrible
thought I was gonna set backs worse
seriously
is it Oh Luke ball Lou bought this new
Gus it's raining event it's not raining
no actually they call this rain it's
fitting it's ridiculous in the UK Peter
K would say it's fitting it is fair it's
literally participate pad participation
is that the right word it's liquid
falling from the sky it's rain come on
will its smallest annoying dog you look
like you're struggling with life
please don't touch me dog seriously I
want nothing to do with your association
in life you will look a shoehorn
Luke's Internet is that faster it's
gonna download a 10 gigabyte file in
nine minutes
oh yeah oh this is this is goals right
now Luke is playing the vital Westwood
theme tuna was squatting up on for
tonight it's incredible in it it's
absolutely incredible like we need to
get victory royale from West world to
stranger things but this is a need this
in my house so you might not think
there's a dog in this basket but the dog
gets under her Jamaican blanket no oh my
god I'm sorry okay bye and then I just
bury it but like she just hides herself
in it
nice night long day long day
it got so dragged out because of the
amount of time Luke's me into the book
we played for that whole night needless
to say Luke's absolutely terrible I'm
not saying that in a rude way he is just
absolutely terrible cuz he's not much of
a game of ball just like how column with
fauna and the staff he was not quite
there I'm gonna guide him in the right
direction teaching the tips and tricks
game better get him rocking and rolling
I'm gonna start Pony go I'm yet to play
fun I would like a squad of like awesome
players cuz like I consider myself a
good player and if I play me three of a
good place then the chance now we're
just gonna stump all the competition but
uh I'm rolling up with the homies were
progressing together I like that book I
have to say this right now it is
currently nearly 2 o'clock in the
morning I was like oh yeah just go in
the room now and pet him my vlog I'm
gonna get six hours sleep wake up at 8
a.m. edit my vlog which should hopefully
only take half an hour if that and then
once I've done that get it uploaded by
10:00 a.m.
so if this vlog was somehow on time
hey if it wasn't then i'm not surprised
in the slightest
I may look like it went from having a
decent amount I had to absolutely Baldy
looks rossport
hey it's just the way you risk getting a
haircut and to the lady who cut my hair
I appreciate you crowing it and give it
your best shot but unfortunately I
thought okay well my my thing thank you
forever
I appreciate it but you definitely took
way too much off of a haircut today they
display it to be honest but you know
what it is what it is you live alone Tom
bed now thank you for watching make sure
you click that thumbs up button
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next day of the vlog
and until then I love you goodbye
