don't go and get in the plane in the sky
and fly away not quite sure what that
accent was Bodeen it's time to go I've
got to get it up hopefully give me like
the one day that I don't miss a flight
but I shouldn't say that I didn't order
a taxi yet I still got the chance of
missing it so work let's get organized
let's get motivated let's get going yeah
so she's gonna be there's no organized
very well The Syndicate original coat of
arms if you haven't got it yeah it's
fresh its new grab it no I'm not even
gonna keep you on the edge of your seat
I'm gonna tell you where I'm going I'm
going to last I don't release and the
reason we're going out there is because
they're quite literally most importantly
number one couple sparkles has got a
Ford GT there's like only a few hundred
of them in the world and it's a
beautiful car and we're gonna check it
out so when I saw you but I'm gonna
punch on it who lives in an airplane up
in the sky this guy's about to do a my
might not not actually miss a flight
falls
knock on wood myself at 10 o'clock up
there for at least half 10 I've got an
hour and a half before my flight there's
like no way I can miss it I can get my
vlog edit in which I think yesterday's
log by the way was like two seconds long
and that was not that was not about Tom
like being mean and not filming much's I
literally did nothing you saw I was in
recovery mode Oh yesterday if there's
one thing I should have made sure I had
time for it was a haircut like bloody
spongebob but I actually meant with that
statement is I look like the pineapple
out of spoon Bob back that's what I was
going for for I think I'm ready to go
I'm going to Los Angeles we're going to
LA yes I need to get to Manchester
Airport then fly down to London London
to LA find business class so it's gonna
be a it's gonna be a good good good
flight my taxis here my boys outside
thank you very much
well alright you Klingon fat bastard
you've got lots of food in there so make
sure you get out when it come back we're
going to the bets okay don't give me too
much of an emotional goodbye Steve all
right that's it a bit all right phone
wallet passport watch backpack laptop
self shed anything else I need
I don't think so I think the last three
flights of mine I've missed I've always
been like yeah I've got those the time
I'll make it don't worry about it
and then yeah the puns just fall apart
I've actually made it on time terminal 3
we meet again our team help strong
outside winds hope it doesn't cause any
at least to my flight I'm not about I'm
not about being on time and then to find
out that my planes delayed but imagine
that the horrific scene of me being on
time for us and my plane rooms ends up
being getting delayed oh no no no no
what's going on got my ticket I got
loads of time I don't most roll straight
through security I just hope I can get
this blog edit it in time uploaded
otherwise it actually won't go up on a
daily blog like it will actually be
officially late
have I got checked my goodness me wow
that is the worst I've ever seen the bag
check line my bag was at the back of 20
20 bags like a coward it was ridiculous
I was like oh my goodness me I just
happened didn't like speak to some girls
like hey wait he's there anyway I can
move my back from that security line for
this one because there's 20 bags to be
checked there and there's one over there
and he was just like I told Mikey doing
knew me from my videos and I was like oh
my god and he actually went and pulled
my bag pulled it super and scanned it I
can't think of it all if you would've
done that I probably won't be able to
keep my blog edited absolutely poet yet
again with a syndicate man with a family
we are the absolute homies oh my god
madness I've even got time to get some
breakfast as well so ok if that guy
would not have saved my bag the struggle
boss would have been real blood render
now I don't know how long it's gonna
take to render I don't know how long
does it take to upload single because I
have zero point five upload here at the
airport Wi-Fi it's a struggle waiting
for this to finish is absolutely killing
me because my flight is at 12 but the
gates opened and I'm waiting to load it
like one good thing about this situation
is that the Wi-Fi here is potato-like
really but it's like 0.15 upload whereas
my mobile phone has 35
so I'm tethering to my laptop to get it
uploaded so pretty funny oh hell yes six
minutes to upload the vlog all the audit
I'm done the vlog is uploaded and ready
for 6:00 p.m.
yeah now to get to the gate and not miss
my plane I can't express how happy I am
to get my daily vlog done honestly one
thing a day is just for me to get that
video edited online and I've done it
it's scheduled for 6:00 p.m. should go
live so I'll be in the I'll be in the
air for 11 hours now so I won't know if
you actually does go alive or it should
do the shrimp there should have been a
hiccup but it goes live and I lund
find out if it went live if it doesn't
their official missed a daily blog boy
good
hey is it school holidays or something
because this place is absolutely round
can't make it up I think it actually
might be delayed 12:10 London Heathrow
now departing at 12:23 in that case I'm
going back up to the airport lounge so
the book LM back I guess no claps have
some breakfast you joking within the
time I walk down to the gate and back
they've moved up the queue to get to the
gate is absolutely ridiculous so I just
thought I'd come into the shop and see
if I could find something I thought that
anybody here recognize anything anything
at all anyone's face the front page of a
magazine like this but it's just
ridiculous it is that Zoey as well what
the heck
how could he get away we do this is
crazy so beyond tempted to buy this I
made it so truly didn't know if I was
gonna make this flight today
no this light is poor weather is so nice
I'm so sad but if it's raining in LA
where I'm gonna cry you've already been
delayed by like half an hour
it's probably gonna miss my flight to LA
I could turn the plate I could have
turned the plate for once
I've not eaten anything all day I'm
absolutely starving several chicken with
a weird course or mix with a bit of cake
and bread okay breakfast but does it
taste good is it there the Nando's
it's not that the Nando's but it is good
25 minutes later we're about to land
Atlanta 3
touched in just touched yet again found
it I have less than an hour to catch my
flight sweat light now
we'll be fine oh yeah I wasn't expecting
this I'm waiting for me I could
definitely say I've never done this
before up straight off the plane into a
van I hope I'm not getting like arrested
here or something like and where are we
going now yeah that is really Thomas
Cassell okay a private chauffeur 2t3
hell yes what's your name sorry
thanks Tony I appreciate this talk about
door-to-door service my planes they're
not gonna lie I I just like I got off
the plane and I was looking at my phone
and if I weren't a lot talk he was a
sign that said Los Angeles on it and I
was like yeah turns out got a little
private escort there in Los Angeles
boarding gate 19 okay I I thought I was
in like a mad rush but Tony the legend
got me a well on time so we even said a
good time for a drink if I wanna go to
the lounge tempted I'd rather just get
straight to the game get on the plane
with child I actually made it
Wow impressed with myself boat chair
Justin willness we just websocket for
earphones hell of a wall Allegra
criticizes TV look at what do you have
could a Marvel studio playlist a car
absolutely loads of them I'm okay to be
here for the next 11 hours
does this fly now
if
I'm finally getting to watch downsizing
it's actually really really good
yo check this
I think be really someone who you stop
no I got some red stars very nice
nice I think they forgot that I wanted a
meal I just came over and she was shot
she was like if you begin your food I
was like I don't have food it's now I've
got a short rib on the way
lovely lovely Shore here
oh my goodness be the chocolate sundae
oh yes
six and a half I was left to go I've
fallen asleep maybe twice for an hour I
tried watching the film the shape of
water it was good and then I fell asleep
so I have to try and relaunch that one
so got a little bit stir-crazy I've been
like it's been
since I've taken his flight to LA
approach it went on an airplane stay
hydrated
that is so nice
actually sure where we are right now is
the world and to take a look at the BAPS
voyage a three-day powered by nope
repulse Bay see there we are we are in
the middle absolutely nowhere but in the
meantime I am hungry
help yourself to a variety of sweet and
savory snacks located near on Kelly
Kelly doesn't mind if I take some cheese
and grapes thank you a successful haul I
found the common things I absolutely
love kettle chips and some cheese and
olives Dutch cheese and grapes
definitely cheese and grapes I mean
devolution olives really
I watched it because it was so many
awards or the auspices to follow that
did fall asleep Jared it I was like no I
have to watch
I just finished it
it's time turns into a bet did it
these please
something like that so good so
Oh doc is and then
not quite sure where we are right now
and about to stop watching cocoa
disney/pixar film
we're up in the clouds
is my favorite place in the entire world
my favorite place
book the clouds
would you be surprised if I told you I
had it was we didn't a philosophy
I can't find them anywhere
not quite sure we got here
cheese sandwich I got a cold
let's leave you mr. Edwards
big-ass salt
with mouthwash a dental kit tissues
slowly fly
thank you very much appreciate
a very solid flight I've now got to go
through security which is gonna take
probably absolutely ages well none of us
I love it I was later okay
security doesn't look too bad I'm
through I'm actually through less than
five minutes the longest plays out the
weight was 200 pieces of paper
Wow I've walked straight outside to LAX
oh my goodness me that was so fast all
right I've got my googa pickup now sir
Bink upstairs Isis page 76 fast as hell
I'm used to waiting there for like two
hours in like 15 minutes from uber I
just literally getting off my plane took
me about seven minutes to get out it's
now for the test at my apartment
Oh test one worked
I always I'm always interested to see it
my long ladies kicked me out like
genuinely very always interesting to see
if she's kicked me out and now for the
next test how much mail oh my god well
that's quite a bit and now all that's
left is that I've got to get into my
apartment
which again as long as my London Lily
hasn't changed the keys I should build
again well my key worked I'm hoping I
was like what the heck is going on it's
clean
I actually must have cleaned everything
up before I left which is awesome to
know because now it's just ready to jump
on it that's what I'm talking about well
done Tom from the past and as Lydia's
Cole I've got I've got to make sure I
take that home for her because like that
was a that was her birth
Christmas present and he got left out
here from the last time we were here but
I'm back everything's good everything's
still here beside me well forgotten my
fridges if I got what I got was I just
Coco's and doctor Pepys I mean how many
was I got a whole three I said I'm not
here for that long but I gotta make sure
I chop up on the essentials get some
milk and stuff like that you can
actually when you're out here in LA like
you can get like Amazon Prime now I like
uber delivery and stuff oh it's just so
convenient
like seriously if I always get some milk
delivered now and I was gonna be home
for the next two hours I could just put
it in Ober and get like a pint of milk
over to my house for like a dollar so
rather than me going all the way to the
shop which is about two feet away by the
way I just get it ordered to me but I'm
home thank God I left the a/c off
because that would cost me so much
goddamn money let's get it rocking
rolling
the room is cooling down and my plan of
action for tonight is nothing too crazy
it's a Monday by the way so let's just
take things can take things slow but I'm
going meat you know with your boy Luke
and your boy
I think mini lot cuz we're in a group
texts all of a sudden with mini lies so
I think we work in mini a talking back
and forth so I'm going meeting up with
them we're gonna go see the Avengers
again think my one lady Ziva painted the
walls a different color all the carpet
different color cuz I'm not that keen on
it luckily I'm not here half the time so
don't really care three minute rest now
to go to Luke's house because he's
playing fart night with her and he wants
me to come over and play all right so
here's Luke and what he's doing is he's
playing with all these guys now and I'm
playing on his PlayStation trying to
kick some ass and Karim character with
those guys without them knowing cell and
he's he's doing okay dude I'm so tired I
can't I'm sat this close to the screen
and I still can't see it
Isaac killing me dude this self is
amazing look at this he's gotten like so
even with it I was at Joseph's house and
he had like the single DJ deck well this
is a proper not DJ that was he called
vinyl player a record player he's got to
yes you miss do you ever I called a
syndicate or something you know imagine
it what is that
there it is Oh syndicate really
this will make us three dollars 98 cents
whoa this dog is just too small like wow
digit did you like getting your portrait
done that one time expectations reality
and again I'm not too far different all
right okay only just got Oh cheers mate
well appreciate that thanks one absolute
homie thank you literally just got off a
plane this is cinema gold this is like
24 hours of my life would you say that
you just bought popcorn but is the worst
no yo mini okay what you're giving it
out at then oh go on
truly what would you give it was too
much going on at one time
and from yeah abs is spider-man I
haven't I haven't seen Black Panther so
why did you just go and watch that movie
gets missing for me yeah haven't see but
I think we can't go with we we can't
really these guys again no bye Luke okay
goodbye now
I thought it was only like ten minutes
ago I was gonna take half an hour with
no traffic
the fact that I can just go up this
elevator now
Lima bed and pass the hell out makes me
so happy
but at the same time I can't wake up
aware Taiwan I've gotta wake up but like
a genuinely reasonable time something
you like a a.m. because this is the one
thing that messes me up about being in
LA I have to edit my vlog before 10 a.m.
here so you know I'm usually label the
vlogs at 6 p.m. in the UK well here I've
got I haven't ready by 10 a.m. so if I
go on a night out drinking or something
and I'm not getting back to like 4 a.m.
which I'm going to someone's birthday
pie on Thursday I mean I'm gonna be
struggle busting by rain oh you know I
said about struggle busting it is now
like no it's 5:30 6:00 p.m. in the UK
and I got out of bed got at it in the
vlog oh my gosh did it take me forever
today I'm just so god damn town I didn't
wanna get outta bed I'm gonna give your
spoiler right now you know I said like
oh but not be raining in LA well it's as
great as England if not greater than
England England is warmer right now on
the temperature scale which I'm not too
happy about but nonetheless guys I hope
you enjoyed this vlog you know another
love travel vlog a lot of people say
they enjoy those so if you do enjoy them
make sure you leave a like rating click
that thumbs up button subscribe and if
you haven't done so already leave some
comments on the video as well some
people like just watch and don't get
involved but we're a family we have a
conversation in this chat I feel like
I'm saying like Philip DeFranco I was
like join the conversation and just get
involved so thank you very much for
watching thanks taking your time out to
watch a day in the life of Tom and I'll
see you guys tomorrow hopefully 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog I've got to
start working out like a time or a
schedule or something to be able to get
these vlogs edited up on time for 10
a.m. la time because I know for other
people they get up at 7 a.m. for work I
don't I usually get out of bed like all
the time like 10:30 a.m. every day
that's usually my time so it's a
struggle for me okay it's just a
struggle so if you guys haven't done
already
make sure you follow me on to a at pro
syndicate at syndicate on instagram i'm
posting like crazy on there as well
that's a pretty good dumb act if it were
don't mind say so myself
and I'll see you guys at 6 o'clock
tomorrow what's love thank you for
watching
nicer deep house
