toast lug toast lug Doh slug don't want
to wake up you got maybe custody there
what's offer week Peter how was your
son's leg Oh God have you seen the x-ray
is it still bad I've seen the leg truly
best stag do ever only stag do I've ever
been on but oh my god is Takei he broken
back he broken what a Travel Lodge
thanks runners Travel Lodge thanks for
having us Tommy thanks for breaking your
leg that way we most got a bed for the
night appreciate it you are you even
serious oh my goodness me are you doing
I feel absolutely and this is not even a
I feel fine and in five minutes I'm
gonna die I feel good
those chicken selects we munched on last
night bumpy to all those funds saved was
a thousand percent feels so good right
now well not good I feel good I feel
okay never really paid attention to
petrol
but you can get chicken samosas in
triangle bags and you can get Cathedral
City with pickle never ever see that ah
I've done him over here I said we should
draw penises on his caste and all of a
sudden he's gone and got the pen
venez yeah everyone has to sign this
this is the current situation by the way
you've got we've got another 45 minutes
to wait for the minibus to get been was
here my picnic and get on this mini-boss
and get home I just remember this box I
got an email I've got a check-in and
packed my bags for going to LA tomorrow
I didn't think about that completely
forgot
shoot the Ox think about food myself I'm
sorry stood up too far so good nose
level with him do not follow her look
after yourself mate
we're so sorry it wasn't our fault I
promise it wasn't me blame him yes sorry
for sorry for breaking your dad hey hey
oh God
absolutely a guy I'll feel so bad for
him do you feel bad nope hey I'll see
you in a week
I'm amazing no I can't do this cowboy I
hope I know I still use the calendar
absolutely crazy Thank You first-ever
stag do it was amazing but absolutely
something else it's only something else
I can't believe it get a broken ankle
I'm like home sweet home money to get
the vlog edited I'm now currently live
still like I don't get it what I'm doing
with caring about people not
understanding yet if you can't read the
description of my videos when it says
like read but right now I'm streaming
the vlog I'm reading the chat I just
told everyone to say hello to the vlog
so this is for like the dedicated people
who are you tuned in there's like 7,200
people live watching this right now
hello and this is why if you don't have
a youtube channel therefore you can't
comment
you need to make Egyptian click
subscribe to this channel because I
you've seen I go through the extra
effort to be able to interact with you
guys and I'm so glad now I do I really
do like this community is incredible it
makes me so happy
look at everyone broke the child
I've literally broke the child
everyone's reactions look at everyone's
reaction to the swim break these uncle a
little bit absolutely I was like no
there's no way there's no way he's done
this dude honestly he's a champion for
doing this like no me wrong he was so
drunk he was on gas inaudible oh my god
he dead look at the job oh my god look
at everyone
oh my god
live stream position is the best
decision ever see you guys reaction is
amazing amazing boom just like that
finished live-streaming the vlog
everyone's saying goodbye they're all
sad it's over boy oh my gosh well what a
really an experience live streaming it
so many people like kind of hate and
don't understand it but for me it makes
so much sense because the one thing that
I love most about like doing vlog in is
that you know it's like involves that
are in other people in its interactions
like back and forth back and forth
that's why I like live-streaming because
there's an instant
you know response in the chat and that's
why I like streaming it because I get
feedback immediately and he makes me so
happy and now with that said I did
absolutely nothing me for the rest of
the day I just passed out in my bed oh
my gosh and I like feeling fresh and
awake and just ready to rock and roll
but you can tell right now I'm at the
airport edit in this book if this goes
up on time then I'm a genius like I
actually might get on a flight for once
on time and not be late but we'll just
have to see how that goes but you guys
know how it is like but be days where I
do like 35 minute vlogs and stuff like
that like 55 minute blogs but then it's
just days where I need I need a day of
rest and this is one of those days where
it's a day of rest so if you guys have
enjoyed like the past like couple weeks
of vlogs being on time and just being
random and about saw stuff you're gonna
love the next week coming up I didn't
say in the vlog today I'm going out to
Los Angeles and it's gonna be amazing
trip out there I'm gonna be hanging out
with all the homies that you all know
and love one particular has a brand new
car that I cannot wait to see like I'm
dying I'm dying to go and see this guy
looks like kind of the pretty much
reason I'm only going out
I'm going out too late to LA to see one
car and just catch up with everyone and
see how everything's going but it should
be a fun trip I'm really looking forward
to it again I'm gonna be super active on
my like my Twitter my Instagram so if
you don't follow me I personally can't
work and absolutely got an Instagram
make sure you follow me next if you
don't then you're missing out need to
get this video rendered and try and
upload it in time if I can then hell yes
like if this video was on time at 6
o'clock I don't know I don't know I'm
just an absolute genius I don't even are
managed to pull the house so thanks for
watching guys 1 like written equals one
respect for the guy breaking his leg is
literally in bits he asked 12 like an
operation and pins put on his legs and
stuff like that it's just absolutely
just brutal but again I said this
yesterday I can't thank everyone enough
for being so welcoming welcomed
welcoming to me on the trip like
everyone was so much fun so friendly and
I can't wait I said to him all we're
gonna get together and have a barbecue
at my house and I said one day so until
then I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next daily vlog if it's
like any reason it's because my time
zones changed and I'm I'm in LA I'm just
not used to it so give me a give me a
day of being allowed to be late and
we'll do see how it goes so I'm gonna go
much love I said yes
