I don't even know how my weight right
now mate seriously I went to bed at like
4 o'clock in the morning now like 9 a.m.
this is where I need to be right now I
made it I'm here don't make it I'm happy
to say goodbye to a full English
breakfast because we have to go but you
better know I'm taking a some weird with
me so much right now
I've got to get my vlog and it'll and
uploaded cuz today is you guys have I'd
like no context to this today is Carl's
brothers stag do which I already think
we've married we have a long day ahead
of us
but we do it cut and getting twice so
you know I like to say like I'm gonna
have a weekend off I'm not drinking
alcohol apparently I'm not good at
taking them weekends off as I'm say
right now it's nice to know I'm not the
only one who suffers from nosebleeds
every day of the week Oh what the heck
nothing to see here welcome to the
middle of absolutely nowhere there's a
fair few of those
Kyle leading the pack and then this is
kept this is Cal's brother bi-lo I don't
think I've ever met before but this is
mine like cars broke do not enter the
woodland here please use the main
footpath okay don't be paid more I'd
like to go paintballing don't get wrong
like I'm excited to go biking but
paintballing would be amazing
welcome to the country boys and this is
where we're on for the day let's have it
be instructors quad bike has just drove
off by itself he's gone all the way
around the tractor there
no way I'm so good I like to go throw it
and the foot is probably would have come
out of meeting they bought I only had a
flat mount and I was like surely the
bush somewhere I need to sit I can stick
it to and I peeled the plastic off and
tried to stick it to something I did
clean the surface first ball so much
shit got on it that it just had no
stickiness self a nicely go throw any of
it my dreams coming true yes oh my god
yo this is a proper defender the hell is
this this ancient construction of acing
me this is gnarly as hell proper feature
tackle winch in backwards I was about to
say this looks like the not safest thing
in a will but this is laser clay shoeing
so there's no boys just laser beams I'm
all about supporting you but you've got
this car bullseye mate bull's eye Oh
gonk gonk
I'm still gonna get that camera Carl's
brother steps up to the plate just you
look like a lumberjack come on literally
I was gonna be supportive I'm like I'll
oh dude the bounce yes my guy
yeah just happens to go between that gap
Jamie do it again go again TV TV I know
so I get on a ladies you know I do for
job throw axes gone car like yeah well
in alright girls have to go one two and
oh go bit closer what where I was stood
this is the sort of place I'd like to
own like seriously like look at what
they've got quad Viking paintballing
archery or daggers but what is it going
on now
oh it's salt courses they've got segways
May
this is a top spot I'd love to own this
place
oh we're traveling in luxury wait so
does the drinking begin now I don't say
this all the time but after last night I
am not wanting to be doing this right
now
No do we have to I think I've warned you
I found Parma ham for one pound cocktail
sausages and chicken breasts yep all the
best my friend - one of many may we
remember the night you we have made it
to our destination this dude is that a
goodbye I was that a good buy I feel
like such a child right now Haggar you
stress me oh there's not the answer was
expected well Gary's not dropped a
bollock here this light is the hotel
he's fully booked and we don't have a
room absolutely
sorted - get the vlog edited and
uploaded using my mobile data like
literally I left my phone here charging
so it got 4G signal to upload the vlog
I'm really hoping yesterday's vlog was
on time and like legit that was a
struggle to get it edited so I was so
hungover earlier I just did not think
I'd be able to get this vlog uploaded on
time but you know what I think I did it
I honestly cannot believe the fact that
managed to get it solved but now that
has done the festivities can begin I'm
taking my time tonight I'm just saying
that right now and I don't think the
guys are really stressing about Ian
whereas I am cuz I saw how drunk I was
in yesterday's vlog because I didn't eat
at all in the slightest
whereas this might be the greatest
purchase I made and the great decision
I've made to eat it
it's a random chicken fill it breast or
whatever whatever that is looks like
fish but it's actually chicken eaten
this may save my life tonight so major
plays boys major plays and we're now
going to canal house yeah
we're now going to anal house no look at
this whoa are you kidding me
this is awesome forget what an amazing
spot actually bees today it's gonna be a
good night
oh hello there look at this spot me this
is legitimately this is literally about
my dream home I like it
Karl bar one jesus fucking christ body
lock shut up probably shouldn't say that
but this group does not have their we're
going to Jerusalem baro baro number two
no technically this will be our third
bar be respectful this is culture
you still disrespectful no way is this
actually the oldest pub in England in
war what we're doing self it okay taking
selfies so cute
I don't rather they just put it on the
side of the pub for jokes but apparently
this is the oldest in in English yeah
you actually said my name right Jesus
Christ Oh yo I am all about this place
right now mate yes I was sick easy go
the heck dude lid is bought by round
four we supposed to do we supposed to
flip the heart hey good luck wait let me
get his husband here
hey this guy's fuckin at what massive
this chaps Benicia yeah
there's no there's no way are you
serious what happened what happened
so what is he done d jump off the wall
I'm not trying to be where is he just
dislocate absolute seeds wait wait oh
this is the first ID with this guy don't
mess with gas it's so sad to say
farewell but hey if your lads ever see
this your dad is a legend regardless
regardless of his ankles sticking out
his leg he's an absolute legend it's
been really nice I know I'm sorry we
have to let you go me nein nein nein
nein take you I'll be saying goodbye a
spa dude did not make this ghosts and
shit in there tell you that right now
five seconds ago we were drinking under
a under the castle yeah five seconds ago
we were drinking about that five seconds
later he broke a leg who breaks an ankle
in a joking fight but this is Castle
Rock nice no first acting eventful what
happened
pretty morbid it's cold
jog outside wrestle nope the cavalry has
arrived
you know when you see like a YouTube
taeyeon it's something gone wrong
well this is literally stag do gone
wrong I made it here before the
ambulance did the ambulance tried to
come down that road but realize it's a
one-way street so Jules is about to come
up that road sweet shot about hours your
kids names Oliver William and love you
the ambulance Lee your ambulance the
ambulance it couldn't come down that
road it's four minutes away seconds away
no no no sorry is it fracture
dislocation
now see keep going I can't believe it I
can't believe we're saying goodbye to
him dude is a champion is it absolute
champion Tom and Tom Tom big Tom hey
respect man and to the staff to the
staff thank you very much good luck
Godspeed Jesus
I didn't think it was bad until I saw it
and I was like that's fine I've
officially switched ow freeze all the
brother yeah because I'm the
better-looking obviously yeah how did I
even question that but we got our
McDonald's like with these were feasting
out and we're going meet back up with
the boys at the pub so can we finally
get this night back on track like legit
I'm gonna take that as a yes
next stop the crafty crow can we see him
so I'm even gonna try the liquid white
pink moon
all the neon Raptor why not both
get both so I'll get this off to work
all right charlie he's not getting it
I absolutely I guarantee he's not gay
today oh my God he's got an operation
and then they're gonna put his leg in a
pasta no no no no no no no it's a harsh
truth respecting hello
what get your legs now that's the risk I
wish you'd say that sir that's the risk
you take this is the last time I'm ever
going on
money's like I don't know it's like it's
like herding fucking cattle trying to
get all these guys together to him One
Direction is the most impossible contest
in the world about 13 percent battery we
going next
oh wow you don't seem confident about
like really close just an update on the
situation with our friend he broke his
leg oh he broke his ankle is entire leg
is cast another place
why why is he still talking none of you
what were you I can't believe it took
two one o'clock in the morning I don't
know no no it took one o'clock in the
morning for a bouncer to eventually go
yeah you know you tried to hook the
bouncer when you were hot babe oh that
seriously like one of the best places
we've been all night we can't go in
can you I I'm the only person out this
entire if we got ID'd yeah thanks I
appreciate me we're about to go drinking
in a church this just feels
disrespectful unlike me we should not be
drinking in the church like the gym this
is amazing this is amazing
dude knowing us walking walk soon
Roberta's birth
I'm like really glad we came here for a
drink with me I'm sorry to be rude but
this feels so this feels so wrong you
really feel like this isn't like a scene
out of a no blade rather woohoo do it is
this stuff feel like how do you know the
movie blade but all of a my kill me this
is where the church where quite
literally are about to get baptized in a
different way and the music's on point
yo I'm I'm gonna go to church more often
yes yes yes yes yes
say one yes say one this might be the
last video couldn't you see of the night
I would have filmed a thousand seven
more of the night by a three percent
battery
until next time Dilli nearly fucking
minute big beverage watch it
I love you guys thanks guys we'll see
tomorrow at 6 p.m. tonight everybody's
about Catholic Church coming cheering
let's talk
thank God behind the back charge my
phone I've got like 50 percent budget
he's black PG
I'll never do choose friends over family
and family over friends and family you
know the one thing I'll choose all my
friends and everyone above yeah
no seriously mean cow and with everyone
in the bar right there
seriously like you're hungry yeah
you want food yeah what should we do
excuse you where we're going literally
down the road we've abandoned all the
boys guess why you select
this vlog sure just record chicken
selects regardless of throwing axes are
me just that yeah yeah holy shit their
market campaign was good point
well I strobe the fact that me and Carla
still survive right now McDonald's I
mean I Budweiser you even spawns this
fucking video but Jesus Christ that is
the best it's the best drinking I've
ever seen in my life
Wow Cobra hee-hee dr. Cobra like they
mean nothing to him Cobra number one
Cobra number to Kampala number three
Cobra number four the Cobra almost
fucking face oh my god
where where are we right now no not here
I mean like what's a town called this is
the leaning pillar of you pledged
yourself well done can you see it
what of using wait I actually thought
was a statue that fell over
dude that shit's in there oh no no no no
how did how did they green like the stat
sheet I'm sorry but expectations
hey you hey waters don't need this
this is not even me being rude but I
swear like there's a home is it not in
good seriously I've been to so many
cities in my life but not a good is
where it's at
I mean it I'm drunk as fuck right now
you know yeah I don't got it the
craziest thing is like I said two small
fucking go 59p go I've got more couple
of coke Hey honest to god I've never
been to a city in my life and bumped
into more people you every bowel
functions been a bar staff member a
fucking homey on the door or someone you
got little have you seen no Fight Club
jihad is like a secret underground thing
I swear to God we're like we are the
secret underground family we are we are
the syndicate seriously I'm tumblr no
but this is the syndicate like I meet so
many random people in the weirdest spots
seriously random bar walking down the
street getting off a bus or in bouncers
security guards everyone you guys are
everywhere
it's a right now if you dumb bitch today
we don't need to know what you've been
doing I know it's a good thing to watch
as you see
hey hey homie
can we say we need to come back to now
I'm going to doom you because the how
many fucking people
I can't get over that the fact that we
can be selective seriously this is this
is why this audience is the best you can
ever get on YouTube security the street
friend friend who watch this reppin the
swag absolutely homie I love knowing him
I'm serious I love it have you seen this
hello Dave oh no show me show me this
going in the blog come on oh you know I
caught you I don't know what that was
but yes my fucking god okay the god the
guy you broke his leg
dad his shit is the reason why being
colleague another room tonight but we're
hoping we're hoping that mean Calvin get
his betcha this is a guarantee to all
customers to be quiet
scene change I'm I'm alive I'm alive and
I say well I feel fresh I yeah that
night 10 no 11
chicken celexa had 11 would it help do I
need to go on a diet
after all that but I tell you something
about my first ever stag do he broke his
leg I've seen him today you'll see in
tomorrow's log the update with a tallboy
absolute madness man I would love to
film so much more than I I really really
would love to unbox my phone was so long
battery throughout the entire night I
was being really careful to only form
like small little clip it's even though
this was a long video I tried my best to
like capture the night but not run out
about to ruin it so I'll come filming so
nonetheless I know you guys are watching
this right now on YouTube obviously but
it's being live streamed so if you're
watching this right now yeah I do not
understand what's going on it's
currently like 5:35 or something like
that and by the time I would've got this
video rendered and I uploaded to YouTube
it would have been like 10 o'clock at
night this is such a long video and I
haven't got my new Internet yeah like
it's being installed but if you're
watching this on YouTube live right now
thank you for watching make sure we've
got like growing like click the button
right now if you're watching it right
now if you haven't done so already click
that subscribe button you may hear from
me me me in about a minute to in a
second time or ever if a palpable
whatever to say good bye belong here and
honestly all all guys's like friends his
family everyone I met this weekend it
was absolutely amazing shouts while over
my top top lads like I've never met like
I don't think any of them before and he
was so welcoming and it was so much fun
I can't believe that why I I actually
felt like the night would end up in a
fight with another group of people
because Nottingham just seems to be
apparently the stag do place to go like
it was just absolutely booming with
stand knights everywhere but nonetheless
amazing that had such a good time Karl
is a beast and you'll see a struggle of
waking up the next day and travelling on
tomorrow at 6:00 p.m. for the next I
look so guys thanks for tuning in I love
yours pieces if you haven't done yet
follow me on instagram at syndicate and
on twitter at person I have to go and
then once this is live I'm getting
that and I'm doing nothing all day so
expect tomorrow's vlog to be completed
potato because I'm not capable anything
I said I feel fresh but still doesn't
mean I'm gonna do anything so what's up
guys thank you for watching I said yes
yes it worked actually worked
lazy gentlemen this is the most random
cell ever bought as per usual -
everybody's been talking in the vlog
today in the comments in the livestream
I've been vlogging it I've been sitting
here like this for the past 30 minutes
watching the vlog being live-streamed
just sat cannot this is officially live
right if you're watching this I minute
vlog this is like live live now that's
it's 6:37 and I'm sat here future took
current Tom but I'm kind of from the
pattern current Tom right now from the
future just say hello so I'm back
everything's good it was one hell of a
stag night like I said the situation
with his leg was just crazy if you're
watching this is part of the stream now
again like I said you'd see me and thank
you very much for tuning I'm glad you
guys understand it if I was to try and
render this video and upload it to
YouTube the video won't be live to about
eleven o'clock and maybe even midnight
it was like 30 minute vlog on my
internet I still don't I'm not super
fast in it yeah so until I get my
superfast internet like run the struggle
bus but and in a lot of the news of
announcement if you guys aren't follow
me on Twitter and Instagram stuff like
that you best go do it because tomorrow
we're gonna be going to we're gonna be
or two different country I'm going to
well in not tomorrow's like the day
after that Monday I'm going to a
different country so you have to stay
tuned for that honestly you're the most
incredible audience ever I cannot
express it enough meeting you guys
everywhere reading you in the comments
like you know responding to all you guys
has been amazing and I cannot thank you
all enough so I do have to go now thank
you for tuning in this live stream will
end and it will turn into a video on
youtube so did you feel to go back and
watch if you missed any of it and if in
the future this sort of syrup happens
again and your bit like I don't get it
it's just rather than the vlog being
late I just stream it so sometimes so
it's basically like me premiering a vlog
live for your faces rather than me
imploding it so thanks for all shooting
guys you're absolutely amazing I'm gonna
go now until then much love see you
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog I saw Dee Haas absolute legends
you
you
