good morning you oh my god ghost it is a
new dawn it is a new day and it's
complete what the hell why is she here
Alice are you in my house I'm gonna take
that as a no alice is not in the
household right now but we've got time
action we're gonna go see my granddad
because yesterday was his birthday and
it's him but I didn't manage to spend a
lot of time with him in the daytime
because I got struck off editing my blog
like that that cooking segment of my
blog man took forever to edit but we're
gonna go play some pool we can play some
snooker get a drink just chill out for a
bit but we four would do anything we
have a situation I have no idea what's
happened to my house whether it's the
weather whether it's I've kept a wire or
something like that but these cables
running from an Internet line are still
plugged in but if you look down here you
see that little symbol right there that
means I've got no one in it to this
computer which means the girl or the
vlog now I've been on like a full week
streak of according the vlogs like on
time so I'm gonna get this one a little
thumb drive take it out to the office
quickly upload it hopefully that doesn't
take too long and my granddad doesn't
just sat around wait but I you taught me
because if you tell you my grandad like
anyone with funds if you tell them
you're gonna be there at set time they
expect it but when I tell my granddad
hey grandad I'll be there at like say 1
o'clock
he'll be waiting from 12:00 for me to
get there and then if I'm not there
exactly on the dot he then comes looking
for me so we don't want that to happen
so let's get organized let's get ready
and let's go what have you been doing in
there if you have you been swimming
because that's water coming stuck to
your bed with sand you little saucer you
haven't applied it or something Oh the
hardest decision that my life used to be
picking a gamertag for like Xbox or
Playstation some like that the how
decision rule a life right now is
picking the gamertag for my car this is
what I really like X triple 1 off the
white off roading
for the defender bought the the system
I'm supposed to be sticking to is extra
1 X triple 2 extra protection before
like up to 999 aware of like that we're
like extra for one tgc looks good 4x
triple to TDC
it doesn't look good it just seems a bit
random but in a fleet of a picture it
looks awesome and I could always change
a later day but I really
like extra for 1o f F I'm gonna have to
ring with Alice this oh my god I hope I
got that on camera what about that
no off-roading extra one yeah maybe yeah
no almost I will see tonight cuz I'm
lovin another sleepover at Alice's so I
can't wait for a bad back no I'm
actually gonna stay there after that
you'll find out why with what I'm doing
tomorrow I've only gone and gained a
bloody granddad right
are we putting money on these games
doing no you told me you were goodness
I've brought you it to hustle you out
you out you your birthday money
hey yeah alright Jack and you're gonna
win the first game or am i fighting talk
I like it
alright you can go you can go first
let's see what he's made of
oh he's pretty good oh he's good he's
got the rhythm okay
okay I'll shoot back in when the game
gets close granddad's girl
oh go on geesa grandad stripes I'm
sports
I haven't even pointed yet he's parted
one of my balls well then that is
kicking my ass
Oh mate he's hustling me yo he's pretty
good he's actually pretty good what's he
gonna do it I don't think I don't think
you can get it in there come on find off
for that oh that's two shots yeah foul
stroke at least he plays by the rules
I'm I'm pretty sure he's done me he's
actually done me well done
shake on it good look at you sir you
should have played for money soon dear
is that my pants right now I went easy
on him the first game this time I'm
messing around for the record I consider
myself quite good at pool
granny's just exceptionally amazing I
only went and potted the white dinner
you ready for this this is too old to my
granddaddy watch this you are you asked
oh goodness I'm sorry about that mate
what the rule is if they fought the
black and the white it within the same
shot the other person wins I fight the
black 2 1 2 grand up oh oh my gosh he
led me puns right down here are you
serious
me I didn't know you were that good
we've been out the moves are we done you
in there I'm a Old Lace just pointing
out there so you can see honestly I'm
supposed to play with him oh sorry you
bottled it oh no no I've got shoot
backwards
hey that's shooting but sideways I'm
calling shenanigans on that you shot
sideways the undefeated champion garden
I didn't even beat him for games of
program done for games of pool I only
beat him on one because he parted the
black I am bringing you again love him
if we would have played for money like I
said you would have just wouldn't 20
foot off me
trying to play for money next I'm good
isn't either do I owe you beat me and
you've got 18 RVs missing you murder me
bitch bring no no I'm gonna try I'm
gonna try to kick your ass
hey average but cuff yourself my dude
I'll see you soon yeah like over two
hours I'm joking that took like an hour
to get home from a boat pool with my gun
dad
the traffic was so bad as you would
expect it like six o'clock and I bought
I have to no rush my tits off because
I've got to get changed get ready and
hopefully be able to meet the lives in
time for a bike ride I have no idea
where they're going and they will set
off without me
hey won who won your bike come on we
wouldn't as usual the race and the way
back from a certain point from fight to
the pub we all race it was like I said
been on the races where the cheer done
for you who's our tube TV dude oh he's
like a shark in the water
look it's like a shark like a shark I I
don't know why are you parking so for a
good cause my dad's grave oh and
sponsored by the Chum and along the
woods there up there up sailing down the
IKEA build in Ashton tomorrow I am yet
to sponsor an individual 50 critiques I
want a pitch why should i sponsor you
I'm gonna
decided bike yeah and it's but we'll
award
that's the main thing okay your bitch
Wow so enticing can my picture you
should you should sponsor all those
cathedral cars you know what can i watch
share sponsor your phone you know what
can I'll do it
50 you're not doing it I'm doing wait
what's your pitch wait a minute stop
nice pitch Osama Kansas and we're in the
Box like it just appears you know what
how about I sponsor all of you 50 quid
kitchen do we do it
do you write clips in our plots clipped
enough Lots cooked enough what's right
who's the only person this entire ride
he's got ten rounds Sarah do you write
clips in our flies what did you do I
think you need to switch the clips in
mate I'm sorry but you could not ride
flats you are far from a professional
night's ride Graham I need a new bike
that doesn't have an electrical engineer
what I'm again right now warm again
woman really cut up is that your bike is
that cuz is that why I should get it
it's good do you want to buy your bike
are you selling your bike what is that
is that the one for me what is it what
is it fast is really fun it's a neat
proof mega nuke free trick mega you
bottom the hell out of that bad boy yeah
hey you sponsored by new proof
oh you bastard that's why do you get
Commission
Oh guys you need us well good weekend
this is the perfect time to say goodbye
to you
and you really won't be so just gonna
B's bush just push my back I love you
brother
oh my god I just got a text message off
Cal saying have you been drinking thank
God I have a friend who drinks lemonade
love you what does that mean you know
that's how I don't get it to help to
happiness
I'm pretty sure more don't judge me
while some login I'm pretty sure I
suppose to be home like five hours just
hours to go kick your ass
why would you even say that
no don't you can't escape sous-chef feed
free to me what food you go through it
right I'm Tom I'm dying feed me where's
whore no ways that is you're gonna do it
yeah I like fucking bitch oh no no no no
no hey I just feed fee I love salami is
he gonna feed me they probably will feed
you talking Oh what you got oh my god
hey my likewise does not turn up with
plates liked it where'd you go where'd
you go
yeah I like but I like salami and yeah
Louis pass me a spoon
finally anything right now I'm seriously
dying but oh shit man's got spoon oh my
god is no way where's this going forward
like this not Jamie is five minute meals
that you know this is definitely
Jeremy's five meals
yeah but you get set out at ten where
you talking about yo stuff a bit of Hama
Hama on the top Oh Mike Oh Mike oh my
god you put in my cooking me some pie
mate
you came you saw you failed all right
you don't get pie
I never lose moans this excuse me whose
mobile phone is this whose mobile phone
is it's my lab boys come here come in
like coming to light have you fucking
cooked me pie fresh mint today
if you got neon light if this place yes
put your finger in that no no wait is
this eye
if you had some money I thought no books
fluorescent light in it ah
it said number one who me whoa you're
cool yeah yeah
goddamn ya know what I even saw you some
dessert nah well you do it or you do it
for me
why are you doing are you flat are you
flexing for the YouTube look yes
no seriously really one cookie it says
keep wah I can't open it wait do I get
some of this get your pie I've been
giving pie wait is this my pie that's my
pie oh my god Wes come in you you should
not even be able to cook me looking
bacon sandwich ever
no that's the story of life it was there
was no microwave I appreciate what he's
saying it was it was dark there was no
microwave but nonetheless was you in
Kristy my baroquo dude if you have not
come to the grapes I'm convinced him to
make his own restaurant if he doesn't do
it you're look bitch no I mean your own
old in Manchester City Center own
restaurant killing it christening oh
there when you open it I'm just gonna go
ahead and take the pie seriously thank
you
yeah
okay this is totally not where I left
off last night
random guests in the rivers well here
you go Carl's dude I ain't in I am on a
stag do my first ever stag do I've ever
been on in my life and this is true this
first-ever psych thing so I'd say it's
right now I was so drunk here in the
video if where's would have fed me I
probably wouldn't be alive today
seriously like we we went on the bike
ride I'd like nothing all day and then
just drank and drank and drank was I
Tomic to knew the biker is so much
bigger than me and I drink at the same
pace of him and I just need to know that
out that I cannot keep up that pace
otherwise I end up by that so I'm sorry
for just ending my diet being a drunk
idiot I was supposed to stay at his
house yeah I was supposed to stay calm
but Colin wasn't drinking and he was
gonna drive you up to that house you
stay there for the night but then I was
just like you know what I will not miss
the thing tomorrow I ended up getting
back at my house at like half 4:00 in
the morning I'm a phone it died so I
didn't for the rest of never I'm so
sorry I didn't vlog last night nothing
really happened but oh my goodness me
we're on a stag do it's gonna be amazing
tomorrow's vlog it's gonna be better
than a titty so for if I can get it up
on time 6 p.m. tune in make sure you
subscribe leave that like right and I'll
see you guys then and if you're not
doing for me on Instagram this is what
so happy to be on my first ever it's
like this I gotta go I see it's my sorry
