Oh England England look at you you saucy
devil it's a lovely day in England I am
wearing all black which I always seems
to do on sunny days probably not the
best decision but also not the best
decision did go to bed at like half past
four in the morning I've got to get all
guys get the vlog edit it and I'm still
is its birthday I've seen them at 7
o'clock I have still yet to go on by and
present so I really need to get
motivated look at me being a little
domestic God look at that look at that
people say I can't survive on my own I
talk clean what more do you want maybe
someone with a good set of hair because
I've now got a trance like this potato
is up I tried okay and time for a magic
trick
boom boom yeah there you go
see-through glass putting in the video
footage from my live stream in the
cooking was just a pain in the ass for
some reason like I don't really talk
that week was on the stream on Twitch
his file that I downloaded but the audio
was out of sync the entire way so every
five seconds I kept up in to adjust the
audio so when I was like hi I kept
talking to like sync it so it was high
at the right time so - to get it done
I'm gonna race down to the syndicate
regional office trying to blow the vlog
there and I've still got the going up a
gun did his birthday present we
struggling boys oh yeah you know I was
gonna go outside and sunbathe and this
one really didn't last that much longer
after I said that you can you can quite
literally see the rain coming down
you're ready for one of my weirdest
statements I like waiting for things
this video is gonna render out so I've
got like eight and a half minutes before
it's finished which means I get eight
and a half minutes to reply to your guys
comments and I love it but I'm setting
myself a rule every time I've got three
times real to respond to you guys that's
exactly what I'm gonna do but when the
next vlog comes out so say for example
yesterday's vlog had two thousand
comments on it and I'll reply to a
thousand okay if I ramanujan reply to a
thousand and then the next vlog got
comes out and then gonna move on to the
next comment you know so I can just stay
fresh because if I stayed bombarded but
with all the other comments and still
probably on my first vlog I ever
uploaded like I'll never be able to
catch up so it's not to be rude if I
didn't answer your comment by the time
the next vlogs out then now you know
okay just making sure we're on the same
page okay good we're good coochi I
replied to a hell of a lot all those
good all these maps still going I
replied to so many comments oh my
goodness me it's so good to connect with
you guys
Tuffy you're coming with me gonna go
into the office and we're gonna get this
video out you've been out for like an
hour you can stay in there and bust for
a little bit and me they're stealing
your water turn round and eat them as
for updates of the internet anything
changed
not exactly I've not heard from anyone
ever no phone calls no emails
I don't do not know what's happening so
I guess we just wait hello dears hello
I'm here to steal your internet thanks I
was trying to upload this at my house it
would actually take me like three hours
bought 29 minutes we're pushing it but
it should do love you mom the by now I
know I'm in college now become
deliveryman postman postman postman Tom
so I'm gonna put it in my postman
postman post van Tom postman Tom and
colony postman party right in go cow
quick quick before the delivery stop the
local postman they they wish the added
offenders to drop it all off with okay
imagine if we bought every somewhat like
that for his record player he would know
what to do with it this is it we found
it it suits his interior of his house it
does everything we need
we're good my granddad's apparently
suited and booted for tonight so I
thought I'd wear the Blazer looked kind
of smart gonna wear nice shoes gonna
look good
freshest food but not as good as my
grounded wait until you see him scrubs
up good twenty seventy eight year old
women out there if you fancy yourself a
Silver Fox Gardens on the prowl ah why
is there so much makeup and you actually
joking can you just take a second to
actually look at how much shit your bra
this is one woman
with one makeup bag how the suite is
thing ever
my name is kids of cooked cooked some
cupcakes and I bought where are they
Alice have you eating them but they were
selling cakes for like 50 P so I just
bought two often for a row for two pound
paid twice the bloody price and they bet
taste wise is bloody good he's quarter
to seven so we're expecting Cal to go
pick up Grenda now I'm just taking some
time to reply to some people and all is
good but it is starting to absolutely
choke it down I'll be there in one
minute okay
I forgot to rub granddad's present so
have fun I'm a genius
what reckons in this box grandad I'll
bake your cake Granta this is a big-ass
cake if you think this is a cake Alice
once our fuckers the for sale for 1500
and they kept us caved and everyone's
like go Packers are like eight causing
havoc
what are you go leave a thumbs up guys
if I should buy Alice 3 our pockets
birthday we've only gone I'm redoing my
granddad's favorite restaurant this
place looks I love funds this is like
straight out of Manchester or LA so many
times
happy birthday mate look at this they
went and refurbished your favorite
restaurant just for your birthday I'm
thinking that lobster in king prawn part
sounds absolutely amazing and for main
course you guys want to pick should you
pick one out I think I might go for the
roast pork belly just because that's
sounds incredible
hey don't you go drinking your drink yet
cheers mate happy birthday light it's a
health and happiness peace be to him
go up Cheers is that your speech it was
more of a statement to a granddad with
the best air moves in all the world
dad where's you a compliment for him
yeah the car Cal said to Mike it's just
you mean he was like I'm not doing that
Savage granddad's digging into the soup
of the day whereas I've got a king prawn
and lobster pot with mini toast have a
bit and oh you've got it yeah can I try
it
I really don't like it ah use lemon on
it ah that explains so much nama Thanks
Oh horrible going to try mine smells
fishy
I chose well at you this is not nice
no you have lemon on it you ruin it mine
their issues 10 outta 10 style that
right there one out dense one out and
said it had lemon on it one out of ten
throw me out the window storm out a
window
wait wait wait wait I might do it I'm
not I'm like the Joker Batman do it I
dare you you know you're involved under
yeah
I have questions I was watching that
going on for about 15 seconds and I was
like it's probably all this we've
brought grinded out for a meal you know
what he's gone off all they gone for
fish and water chips under me so that
fish looks amazing now I've gone for a
pork belly with scallops
cows are these puns down okay come it's
okay for my looks amazing
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear God
hey thanks you guys
there's a bit ahead of the game did you
make a wish we borrow a lighter please
did you make a wish nope you've got to
make a wish if it all right oh we did it
in one did you make a wish
no what gun death the whole play was
realizing the candles you say you made a
wish all right so this time right
basically but you gonna do make a wish
believe it it's so hard it will come
true journey think about it think about
your wish oh I always expects aim to go
no now don't tell us what the wishes are
the lies won't return
there's so many layers keep opening
Lassie wooden wireless any record player
yeah that's not terrible's be honest
yeah
all throughout your house so you can
please because we could ride thanks Joe
well Christ you know when I first go
and I have a PC room it ought to be
filled in the Nutella but they may even
turn up the bathrooms in here like this
is a thousand times better when it used
to be used to be cold and smelly in here
I know it's like people I feel like I'm
in LA seriously how much trek and
dinners gonna be 150
one say you've been there for you pay
thanks for playing the game I'm just
gonna go ahead and leave the tinfoil
here maybe the kitchen stuff can use it
info absolute bitch I tell you something
like the Midland they like you know like
that you know that when people do that
the globe they did such a good job with
that improvement of life the restaurant
it looks absolutely amazing go admit I
was a bit disappointed with my pork
belly tonight my pork belly's usually
absolutely on point and I give it a 9
out of temple tonight giving it five
very disappointed well you know what I'm
really not that bothered
is he had a good he had a good night his
food was amazing give it a 9.5 I tried
to compete with you to look the Smosh
but you've got me beat and onion well
you always be be yeah look after
yourself right nice night's sleep
I'm exhausted beep I'm going puss in the
hell out well I'll get the gate don't
worry so I'm gonna do I'm gonna find out
what you're gonna do cool what you're
not allowed to do at least I can't can't
play for night Carl they said you can
play for now this is just shout me
saying oh my god Tom come here like
legitimately yes open it no it's a
Google Earth potato he's talking enough
how long exactly what's that what's that
no no you are
thanks for whoever gave you that I'm
just going to go ahead and put that in
my carpet no seriously thank you whoever
gave me that I didn't put this box here
so I didn't know it had a potato in it
wash my feet
what shit Hadrian we're not used to have
cats alright go show him go show her how
it's done I'm just gonna go to my room
I think no you guys bye can't wait feet
to move local to me I just absolutely
smashed my best ever game of fortnight
seriously didn't didn't record it I just
wait to see if I could play concentrate
and kick ass I got 15 kills probably
about like five stipe ahead shots
through the entire game
I'm just destroyed it 13 headshots holy
crap this guy the final battle was
giving me such a hard time watch what I
just absolutely tink his head off your
knee watch Harry go for it Tom go for it
even slower even slower
nasty and you know what's even nastier
I'm not sure what's happened what's
changed within the past five minutes
have we been sat in front of our
computer see that right there that means
the Internet's dad to my computer I
don't remember mine that's daddy my
entire house I've got no internet so I
have no idea well I know what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna go down to the office to
vlog but I have no idea why me and it's
just died I was gonna stream late
tonight so I might not even be able to
do that so welcome to the life of Tom
where I've been uploading my vlogs every
single day for like the past four weeks
on time and that may change if I don't
have internet in my house so guys thank
you very much for watching a nice day
with my granddad I did want to see him
earlier in the day and like go take him
out for lunch as well but I just got
caught over yesterday's there they
honestly not that cooking it's segments
in the vlog took so goddamn long to
start out but I have to end it here guys
I've gotta get I've got loads of stuff
that I need to do today so make sure you
leave a like grain click that subscribe
button if you haven't done so yet click
that notification bell next to it give
you all the notifications when I post
the video and more importantly follow me
on Twitter at Pro syndicate on instagram
at syndicate and I'll see you all
tomorrow at 6 p.m. but an ex daily vlog
if I managed to get it up on time which
is probably gonna be a No so until then
much love nacelle yes
