I had a well good time I mean you can't
like licking my face 16 times throughout
the night I'd wake up and I was like cuz
this was getting I was getting mauled by
a monster okay then this is our starting
on Monday I count Monday start this week
right Alice Monday Monday Monday
motivation money get it go win what Dave
would be Monday but go on cap do the for
Scout always do it do it three o'clock
in the morning a tutorial in the
bathroom oh yeah I told you mom did we
raise each other's energy up so much me
and cow oh my god I love him no I'm glad
you say yo you boys kind of got a ton
you think it's your thing wait hey
freckles there freckles they can I go to
the Cayman Islands for three days I'm
joking by the way I've got beating dad's
birthday tomorrow of which I've not got
my birthday present wait you're gonna
have and then it's what good does per
third Thursday so this is like the days
these are like the weeks where I can
travel travel because like there is like
set arrangements like you know within a
day of each other oh I've got the den it
is the Wednesday what
oh my god
oh my god fuck them goodbye kitty cat
take my crystal I watch my wallet ah I'm
about glove stein in my day wearing the
same clothes yesterday
I'm really glad you said that when we
met when we were leaving the house you
know some children would be nice better
paste
brush oh my goodness me what a license
plate as well that is gorgeous
meeting adjourned that have got a
meeting with Mike about cricket big
stuff coming big stuff coming oh yeah by
the way we've renewed our sponsorship
with tinsel Cricket Club yeah at his
part of the contract he's got drivers
home and can good ok he loves us not a
single ounce of acknowledgment from our
father though he's like no my kids
said Tom today's the day you get your
internet installed and I was like sweet
then publicly quote tweet I don't think
so
you clearly don't pay attention it's the
27th it's getting installed of which
that's in a few days so I decided to
check my emails to email and to be like
hey what's going on turns out that
person was right my internet was
supposed to be getting installed today
the 23rd not the 27th the 23rd do you
see anyone installing Internet do you
see it no me neither I'm not happy you
look like a very active little bearded
dragon what you do it you climbing on
top on a strawberry drowning more little
locusts
go get'em stephen it's the birthday boy
a the birthday boy 63 tomorrow did you
wonder who was shouting Ken and dad at
you earlier I was in the back hmm not
sure everyone wear the insignia insignia
the insignia the coat of arms are the
insignia
now ma'am today's the cop arms kind of
day some Monday Monday Monday Monday and
you know what the weather weather too
bad like it's trying to be nice but
there's just so many clouds rolling in
my life I've got my dear Linda fog
rolling in on a Monday like this if it
was the coffee spots by the way it's
terrible if it was the weather like it
was just this weekend or even half that
weather for all this week for my dad's
birthday tomorrow as well man England
would be the dream for only computer
only this thing's been left on since
Sue's been left on since I went to
London I feel really really sorry for
all those days where was like super hot
this doors been closed and the heat in
this room was to just pin in said I'm
surprised my computer did overheat and
just explode nearly one o'clock in the
afternoon so I've got plenty of time to
get me video upload it edited uploaded
and ready and you know what this is like
a true first for me like you know I say
like in my coming thirty filthy you know
I like I always say like I your response
your guys response your guys respond to
your guys comments waka but like 3
o'clock in the morning last night and I
spend an hour hour and a half responding
to all the comments on yesterday's vlog
woke up in the morning and raveling
first thing going to like Twitter or
Instagram or something you know like how
people like other routine of checking
her phones I went straight to the video
and reply to all the comments there
wasn't one comment up until like 11
o'clock yesterday in the morning that I
hadn't responded to every single comment
I replied to all like acknowledge isn't
like that so you know what I'm feeling
I'm feeling this family vibe so much of
you guys and again if you if you're like
oh well I wouldn't be able to leave a
comment if you're watching these videos
and you're not subscribed to the channel
first of all create YouTube channel
click Subscribe one start leaving some
comments and if you could please make an
account with no numbers in it and you
feel like what if your name is Dave 6900
969 we're having problems and I've said
this before but it's a personal issue of
mine I don't like numbers in nimes I
look at this comment Tom I watched your
vlogs every day and have done for about
yeah before then I was on enough
watching them oh you bastard what made
me start watching them again every day
question mark question mark well you
love life and you feel that every day
you're at the top of your game but still
strive to improve that's the way life
should be I've got my goals and I'm
striving for them and I still love life
motivational videos only work for a
short period but your vlog seems to
motivate me
every day keep up the good work PS if
you ever come to Newcastle let me know
I'll join you for an episode of Tom
tongues Geordie Shore her experience
thanks Tom all the best made you a
legend hydroxide feeling those family
vibes uploading one hour and 50 minutes
remaining that's definitely a sign but
I've had an email I've had an email from
BT no virgin virgin sorry about what's
going on and yeah still no update they
updated me that there is no update and
now I think I'm right in saying at this
point that the work hasn't even started
and the work was supposed to start on
the 9th of April and be finished by the
23rd but I don't think I don't think I
don't think it's tired at all and I say
that because the road would be tore up
and they'd be putting the wire in for it
to get to my house but every damn drove
down that road I'd seen no man I'd say
no digger I ain't seen no road ripped up
so I think I've been lied to exactly
like super sunny weather but it's
daytime and I'm really against being in
my house when it's daytime I I know I
could be like you know maybe srimad or
something like that but it's it's only
two o'clock in the afternoon so like no
one's back from like work or college or
uni or anything lads watch the stream so
I'm like in the daytime I just like
pottering about on like my bike or being
in the Sun or the fresh air or something
like that but let's be honest the reason
why I'm able to watch to do this is
because yeah I didn't get a better like
three o'clock in the afternoon so
motivational Tom oh boy it's good to be
back from throwing sandwiches in the
office yeah whoa whoa that's my hat that
is not yeah oh okay that's your hat
I'm going for a ride what Ken does for
fun tears apart is car boy and I just
can't be asked been indoors
I'm taking my GoPro like this I'm gonna
buck hurt I usually ride tuesdays that
is true but I need to keep it going
I need to accurate for going I need to
know where my mountain biking Gary's
where'd you put it where's me dad put it
aha Tuttle just a lone ride and going on
a ride on his own goodbye papa goodbye
see you tomorrow for your birthday
Facebook the gates are closing so put a
girl yeah yeah yes but cuz he's gonna
rain no cuz we're going on a canal you
know the gates they're closing no not
the gates of hell button Kilimanjaro
failed all right no one Ranger going on
a bike ride do this now you see this
hill
it's not super steeper and he can bought
I usually ride this bike in Eco mode
however not today
no what horse what are you doing is the
grass always greener on the other side
eh
okay I've only got about an hour before
me and always need to go out so we're
gonna hook the right where that one came
from we're then gonna ride up down a
little single stretch section down a
little single track section and then
once we get to the bottom that quick up
a massive Hill let you see you've seen
us ride up and then raced down that
trail as well so it's a little bit fun
downhill sections nothing too crazy cuz
again a door to one what
I see ya turned up right now the little
truck part one a bit of a random fun
story bought everybody thought I was
selling my house because this house here
even though it doesn't look like it from
there from the back looks just like mine
like I'm not even kidding you like
almost as if they stole the designs of
my house look see the windows that
everything the amount of tweets I got
sent to me being like yo is your house
your sale thank you oh yeah hello oh
yeah how everyone was like family
members were Hitler's up like it's Tom's
house for sale I was like no why
what's going on imagine a copyright
strike on someone's house like hey yeah
sorry your house looks like mine so you
have to knock you down rebuild it
hello yeah but record I have no idea if
you can hear me so
is disgusting
oh my god your teeth
oh girl that was fast
seriously fast this was supposed to be a
clean ride they that went all up in my
teeth Oh Oh the correct that's nasty
okay so we just wrote down this big hill
from like the topple back to down thank
God for the electric bike I can out whiz
straight back up this straight road to
the top and at the very top of it I mean
like this is a seriously seriously steep
hill you're doing this on a normal bike
it'd probably take you 20 minutes to get
up it I'll probably do it about five on
this so this is just amazing
get up to the top of it and then there's
one more downhill run we can do which
would be pretty cool cheating it I'd do
50 miles per hour up a hill I said this
would take me five minutes to get up
let's go take me to but this is the
whole point about this bike I don't want
to be spanning myself riding 20 minutes
up a hill exhausted I'd rather exhaust
myself going down hills and like ripping
it off with loads of energy rather than
ruining my right look how steep this
angle what steepness my dad used to make
me ride it was a kid
oh my god to me my sister hate you for
it
you know what we still did it electric
bike or not you're still putting in some
effort on this thing I know my god am i
first just look at it
defender assemble Oh mate oh gee
defender looks beautiful all right time
for the next brother down hill is this
where I'm gonna crush into this carcass
are in the way I think it might be
smooth laid out it boys
all right this is the secret passage
smell a secret cause there's a sign but
no one ever goes down it it's time to
rain so let's hit the secret passage
quick time because this rain is
literally but stuck coming down I'm
gonna absolutely sir
that's funny okay I got to replay that
ping I just went good
oh look at this rain it is coming in
let's get down this path and do the
return journey home let's get some air
on this big jump down here you guys
can't judge the scale a jump because
it's just grass and in front of me but
uh let's get down it before it gets too
wet and slippery
I almost felt by your shoulders
dislocated outlook my bike just kept
going and my body stayed back good quick
jump there and our typical
what a fun little ride a bike some
slightly filthy I'd have to get it ready
clean for tomorrow because my brother
might be riding with us
but brother we might want to ride with
us so I'm gonna use my dad's bike but
that's gonna use a different bike gonna
use this said I what it's ago on an hour
ride and I was pretty much exactly an
hour hell yeah that's what I'm talking
about
organization boys now get me in this
house before I get absolutely soaked it
was supposed to be clean my dad
literally just hosed piped me off like a
child sprayed me down with water so if
it wasn't wet enough already all my
shoes and socks are soaked even though
we clean now rents me down okay often
boys clean yourself boy
I know I probably look potato to
ninety-nine percent have you bought like
I genuinely with my hair look like this
remember I what it's just that like
rugged like fluffed up look I like it
the thing is it only ever happens by
accident and when I need it to happen
doesn't work
just looking like yeah we are waiting
for Alice to do something and oh she's
putting on the alarm putting down the
shutters and she's exiting the building
she's not impressed with the weather the
raindrops are falling on her head
the raindrops and falling on her head
and she can't close the door
she got closer dog cuz raindrops keep
falling on
you're about to rip it off the hinges
then gum gum gum gum gum sue if you're
watching this vlog right now it's the
24th and that means it's my dad's Papa's
birthday and he's turned thin oh he
hasn't turned 36 he's turned 63 I got in
baby 63 let alone when I tell people
he's 63 they're like there's no way 63
means she's doing whatever he's 63 okay
so let's get my contract without being
distracted by the homeless alleys over
there he's 63 now pretty birthday I've
got him like a just like a little spruce
up like clean up on his bike at one of
our home he creams doing so that's what
guy oh I'm gonna drag him a little bit
more something else
yes I'm shopping for his birthday the
day before so drop it said great she's
back traveied sinner yeah we just come
and is it drop it gonna be bad
we're going at prime time six o'clock
we've made it to the Trafford Centre and
I didn't know but we have a guest
okay oh you're not the guest okay yeah
yeah Carl hi cows doing some work stuff
and two people wandering again tonight
Tom what you're doing with the whole
room the whole bumper thing still
working on it
I'm emailing back and forth with a
company about their replacement for it
that I'm gonna get and it's just a bit
of a bit of an odd one because you know
like you can get winches of he bumper
our bumper winches right you can even
get it with a box section with the space
for a winch to go on it or you get it
with like a cap on it but you can't
remove the caps then put the winter at
later date so you can have to basically
go winch are no winch but also the
problem is if I have a winch I have to
take my license plate from there and I
have to even put it up there or hide it
off to the side somewhere which might
look a little bit weird so I'm not too
sure if or what it like I kind of like
it looking like symmetrical like it
being in the middle but no
oh okay sit a bit I was just okay focus
focus
I just explained my problem with Italian
right if I don't see it like clickbait
like meat I'm like it just doesn't get
my attention so when I first look at the
chickens sold waka saltimbocca doesn't
get me but when you read it
chicken talked with 14 month old
preceptorship
prosciutto better no I'm having Avenue
nella mouths watering but the title
chicken saltimbocca it's a Monday I'm an
alcoholic
I'm an alcoholic my kind of diet to be
honest I'm not gonna lie my looks my
looks diet smells incredible wah wah wah
I'm telling you right now it's
incredible make me sad is boring doing
cardboard he's any good as yours any
good yep yep yep elaborate finish man oh
me I'm so sorry a legend in my eat all
that peppercorns cuz they've got more
flavor than that bag of shit dude I was
laying there and record the record I
really really like mine so I gave him
two pieces of mine the main the meat in
itself I was like a night out at wait
seriously
why did you open bottle time why did you
open the bottle why did you open vault
I'm why did you open it oh it's my job
why don't you open it because you what
would you tell him why I hopefully edit
that right I know I always fight this
one out what is this a bigger version
than the one I usually see because why
are you even touching it seventy-three
thousand yeah I don't 72,000 stop
touching
oh no he's 97 maybe 2,000 pounds hey I'm
backing away from the shell because
she's about to throw
hey I'm gonna walk away from it I don't
you're gonna hear this Shh
I don't do birthday cards on Christmas
cards but Alice made me so hey Dad are
you a card for 12-pound card do you want
me to treat you to it let me see Lucy to
a shape to a shaving bib summer is here
and my pool does need some new features
just soon I did what she actually
approached too fast so a clock no way to
say it was mother what's that then yeah
failed that one so badly
sorry about that that's right good a
pleasure love yes it's not like that
yes it does birthday okay love you but
it hit me
the tiredness from the weekend from last
night to today the lack of sleep in the
cat attacking me it's all hit me it's
about like quarter past eight man I'm
exhausted all I want to do drive on get
in bed go to sleep
yeah man I'm just exhausted like I'm
just so so done time in Cowell I get to
go bowling then and like I would have
done save like yeah let's do it but we
both weren't feeling like the vibe so it
was just like you know what let's just
get a good night's rest
chill out see each other tomorrow for my
dad's birthday it won't be Gucci so next
up home and home is where Emma thank God
I decided to sit down now and edit the
vlog because today's vlog was like - as
you can see like 23 24 25 whatever
minutes long but if I would have edited
it now at two o'clock in the morning
then there is no way you guys would have
got this vlog on time like I'm still
hoping it went up on time because I'm
getting up at like 10:00 a.m. tomorrow
to go on a water taxi with my dad I
don't know how it's gonna go I don't
know if it's exciting I don't know if
it's just like getting a normal taxi I
don't always like just getting in a
canal barge or a fast speed boat
but it is my dad's birthday so gonna be
spending the day with him and we maybe
go on a bike ride we may be going out
drinking we may be going out for a food
you guys just got to wait
what pans out like I really don't know
how it's gonna go but I really really
like the way today's vlog like kind of
went together I was like you know what I
want to do something I wanted to do
something like like a physical activity
like mountain biking I hope you enjoyed
today's vlog if you did then make sure
you leave a like crate and I really
appreciate you know like all your guys
live in support and when I look at a
video and if I see this like a bunch of
comments and a bunch of like crazy I'm
just like you know what today was a good
day so if you haven't yet created the
YouTube account if you're watching this
vlog right now of me creative account
click the subscribe button ding dong
that notification Bell next to it and
leave a comment down below with your
account that doesn't have numbers in the
name just gonna throw that out there
right now and I'll hopefully try
responds you guys now I know the more
and more I say like a really oh guys
comments responded to and all that
there's more and more comments appearing
which makes it harder for me response
everyone I managed to do it to
yesterday's vlog already which is epic I
replied to you like every single one but
it will probably scale and scale and
scale scale and make it more more
difficult for me to do all you know in
days when I'm really busy I want other
times to be able to reply but um it's
nice than the last even if I can't reply
to see your guys like positive vibes and
your feedback at all that sort of stuff
but you know don't forget like when I
say like positive vibes if you've got
something like you know a genuine Kris
there was criticism about the blog like
feel free to leave it if you're just
playing like rude and disrespectful to
so many my videos shows that you
probably get banned from comment in so
like I'm just gonna say that right now
but I think everyone in this this
YouTube channel like kind of understands
that by now like this is like me sharing
my life and we are literally one big
family on this channel like I share the
ups and downs of my life and you know
what it is what it is but hey life's too
short make the most of it best look with
everything you're doing tomorrow guys it
is it is a true if you're watching this
right now it's gonna be a Tuesday so
smash that Tuesday and I hope you have
an excellent week so guys without
further adieu make sure you go and tweet
my dad wish them a very happy birthday
I'll put his Twitter at down below in
the comments down below in the
description so go ahead sweet and wish
him a happy birthday thank you very much
for watching thank you for your love
thank you for your support
follow me on Twitter a pro syndicate on
instagram at syndicate I'll see you guys
at 6 p.m. for the next a vlog much love
now setting us
