because I don't wanna be Brad now I look
so like clean fresh ready for like
Sunday church and you look like you need
to get yourself together you're a baby
then my next bleed you environment to
Manchester yeah I guess I will take a
complete and and you know what
Cassidy sug definitely get cetera at
understand I'd love a tea Bri
I'd love a tea no matter why thank you
for your bad I preach did you wake up in
the night Strang go get in it oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god this is
gonna be something I'm gonna very much
miss so Cassidy soaked so we just have
to agree that I'll be here next weekend
as well
Joe wants me to take a photo these my
fingers between feet point out how much
they are do not think it is so I'm gonna
go for the drier one bare my head to my
toes pick up up don't spin too much
they'll break oh sorry
literally a perfect day today
it's a perfect day in London it's people
in the park ice cream vans are all I
know and I'm gonna be on a train for two
hours in it I feel like crying
Manchester sad dude Hyde Park is can't
believe I thought we were gonna get
stuck in traffic
this yeah another train thank you so
much seriously cannot believe I've made
this hunt I'm like really I thought this
was gonna be a disaster of a day but
let's stay focused let's do this
platform for ya
luckily I can do the upgrade you guys
cost for 20 quid again so win both
nearly every seats reserved train
journey survived I managed to give up
well get it on the train not good it
look loaded and yes wearing a hoodie not
a fun about it's cold and miserable in
Manchester want to go back to look like
right now to 36 so I've gotta get a taxi
home
get changed get ready get the blog
loaded and then I'm going meeting Alice
and a guest in Manchester I've made it
home and I have questions because
there's my sister's car she's in my
house but there's a bottle of beer on my
doorstep and I don't know why I'm just
gonna go ahead and say Kyle left it
there or dad Thanks but other than that
I do not want any alcohol in my system
today at all continuing to get my vlogs
up on time for 6:00 p.m. every day can I
thank you guys for tuning in because as
a kid like I used to be like every day 6
p.m. channel for The Simpsons was on
that's what I always used to like I knew
when it shows on what it was like there
and then when I go to like channel for
that day at 6 p.m. and it wasn't home
because like the program had changed but
I didn't know I was like so disappointed
and upset and I know it's like I don't
expect my content to be seen as the same
standards as the Simpsons but like I
know a lot of you people treat me like
when the vlogs are at like come on so
I'm what the hell you have one job 6
p.m. every day like you sometimes see
like it is a struggle with life my
internet oh I'm flying in the sky so cow
glowed it I do really try to get them up
on time I really do it's like you've saw
the passion that I go and set outside
the Apple stores to try and upload the
vlog on time for you guys and I love I'm
on like nearly a three week three week
streak of the vlogs been on time every
day so don't let me down computer
don't let me down think I'm going to the
right place great jumps to another no
totally wrong location I might want to
go to cocktails D oh my god don't stop
really now don't you start run anything
so I was like as per usual oh no wait
did I upload my vlog yeah
Alyce's would gently run all the way to
it you taking the piss this thing's
massive
so this is the Crystal Maze live
experience not sponsored Lindsay didn't
manage to saw that one out passed it but
we're going doing mazes and shit and
puzzles which I'm gonna be terrible I
are you gonna be any good right yeah all
right I am all about that but if I get
trapped in a room can you please get me
out you know like so thing is you've got
a complete a puzzle in a certain amount
of time and if you get trapped in the
room and the time runs out you get
trapped in that room and then they have
to like pay to get you out even their
little twat
it was wait the Crystal Maze over here
yes we're definitely late sorry about
this I'm really sorry can't vlog it hope
you understand that I would I can't
don't wanna spoil the experience for you
guys
I'll be back Galip exhausted
absolutely exhausted
all right thank you yeah your train
scored 156 that was our team name mother
a Jaeger train so I got 150 in the
highest scores 499 oh we didn't make it
we didn't even make it in the top 20
flippin heck well we came we tried we
failed
I will admit I was so so sad Thank You
ppreciate that was our crystal amazing
structure it was him that was him
really good really hard and I didn't get
one thing because I failed every single
challenge sorry we forever have a memory
Lindsey ball is a little crystal from
the crystal maze like these this is what
we had to collect from all the little
things look a little crystal we have to
collect I had to buy one because I
couldn't actually get one so but like I
was saying behind this is where
carnations they made it so little people
can't stick their phones over busted
right so you know that I at my crown of
my tooth well Lindsey outdid me when we
were insomnia it was bottle openers
everywhere because she's Scottish oven
yep look what she did to a tooth oh oh
let's put flash on oh my goodness me it
did it just did you see it come out why
I Byron if you watch me
what am I go for this already oh no no I
may have often I may have offered you to
buy her instead of Cal whoa Oh first
first was the most equal first Brian no
no Byron no I think nothing I could do
better
Lindsey you're free tonight
yeah yeah you can never replace Cal hey
Martin Clunes is the ready for this what
is it it's a fish place but this looks
like a fishing wheel it's Chinese
this is definitely a fish place
oh no wait I'm getting different vibes
it there's like fishing nets being hung
from the ceiling but then there's a
little tiny bit of people everywhere not
the actual people by the way statues
that's house well racist oh my god
Lindsey where have you brought us Jesus
this is absolutely gorgeous
where have your brawlers what is this
but always a birthday cake oh my gosh yo
this is like alchemist meets food we'll
say they brought all that over but no
one's singing happy birthday should we
do it happy birthday to you by the way I
don't want to see any more fireworks
after this weekend like every time I see
that I think there's a bottle about to
come out we're about to get little bit
of titty I'm like keep the alcohol away
from me it's a mine thank you
guys what I'm talking about oh my
goodness
thanks that you know me - oh no
fireworks you know me too well you know
me too well
would you be what do you mean don't
sniff it a mice do you see it going up
my nose yeah yes I do see it I'm
confused
to be fair to be fair you weren't to
know
so Wow
this is edamame and you supposed to like
supposed to pop out the bees inside and
just eat them wow what the full
frequency God now for the whole thing
these mouse
it was cheering it never happened Oh Cal
I dare you to sniffing liked it you just
think give me someone to sniff go ahead
hit hey art I was gonna wait did I just
get that could I have a replay of our
face please doesn't the amount the
amount no everything said you cocaine
cause of mine nosebleeds all the time
but I think about that he knows but he's
not lost feeling in my nostrils
yeah probably I don't think he's
supposed to sniffing try ice just like
motorboat let no you tell me that now
it's me second one this that'll stop a
nosebleeds of colorized it hey you know
possible yes for gang it does burn your
nose Sarah Nelson great Mike Lindsay are
you hungry are you hungry like Oh
chickens that looks like a home asleep
anyway like chicken satay lollipops it's
really hot oh hi yeah happy birthday
Dave or Jeff or whatever your name's
Alice sing
very nice are you tired what's going on
along 76 I'm since right now it's a -
you're getting like a seriously high
rate for me like 9.5 atmosphere
everything drinks food yet fake trees
what love these lights by the way like
nigh by but I would definitely come back
here chicken leg things really bad
really
chicken chicken leg stick something over
there
this whatever this was again this was
nice
incredible incredible baby chicken baby
chicken was good mobster encroached was
absolute amazing the dim sum star thing
was amazing there was a bunch of like a
lot of things I've had that I didn't
really film it too much girl all the the
prods the prong bios's the heavy noodles
were great how can you not love that
laughs I'm so glad I'm so glad you're in
our lives
I love a couch or desserts Alice
desserts
I drop by rinse head on a stick shame it
wasn't Byron said no feet could move you
through it
it wasn't Byron's fault it was mine I'm
coming for you bro
Millie took off my lip I want a candy
floss cupcake tree and I've seen several
and it just also happens to be Lindsey's
birthday so
my god what did you do before we gone Oh
God look at the blog yeah wait does it
work let's deflate it happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear
happy birthday to you what the heck is
that all right
hey hey hey give one behind a big wish
oh oh that's so nice all eyes alert
ripping elders like dr. strange in
another portal this is weird this is so
place your best how much records gonna
be how's your mess
I said 3:30 wait 393 6303
three Twitter's closes you get to pay so
bitch give it a nine point five out of
ten no service guess of ten
hey tiger absolutely incredible what you
know sweetie I give it that hey I'll
give it the hottest nine point five but
it but it ain't nice restaurant I
actually really seriously thought it was
a fish place because it is handled a
look that's a pirate that's like a
pirate ship real I thought it was like a
fish place because the big anchors and
stuff like that but Wow but never ever
been here before I'm alive amazing spot
I will a hundred percent be coming back
here like a hundred percent is it
Lindsay thank you honestly not amazing
amazing recommendation it was really
really amazing night Lindsay thank you
very much for your hospitality is in the
eyes in the eyes in the eyes nice thank
you for your hospitality thank you for
the crystal maze it was an experience I
wish I could have found it we failed
really badly but it is what it is I
didn't know you were coming okay all
right taxi for table please whoa whoa
don't make me go back to London for next
time we will complete the crystal maze
okay see you later homie love you is it
being a good night she's about to fall
asleep my phone only went and died when
we got in the Eva on the way home I did
watch the sidemen Deal or No Deal I
don't watch Kellogg's play which was
pretty good and I would just say this
right now I'm probably good sure they're
gonna get in trouble for the idea no but
not in a negative way but if they didn't
and they could keep using it and keep
doing the idea
holy shit what I'd love to do I've
always wanted to go on Deal or No Deal
that's got me try to go on the sidemen
channel I'm saying like I'd love to play
Deal or No Deal so no lemons if you
bring it back holler at your boy either
way I could have just got the Eva home
but instead I decided via invite to come
and stay at Allison Karl's oh thanks for
having me
no no I was thinking that actually it's
quite nice well I'm tight so I would go
to bed now yeah good night I'm sorry I
did pretty better at the Crystal Maze
I'll talk to you guys more about it
tomorrow but like what we did don't talk
about it that's the story for tomorrow
I'll explain what the crystal maze was
like it was really good boy it was
really difficult like if you have common
sense it would probably be great you'd
be really good at it but if you're hung
over and tied like me then you won two
crystals I did three activities and
didn't win any I'm a disappointment but
either way I'm gonna end the vlog here
what a crazy weekend I hope to start
tomorrow without a hangover just saying
that right now I think I'll be fine that
should I think I'm gonna go all that
tweet without drinking oh shit that's
birthday on Tuesday yeah
scratch that idea hey I think I need to
do a month of no alcohol no alcohol yeah
no money your body just feels great
don't it your mind feels fresh
everything's great ten started a dead yo
Cal can i dude love you back good night
cat that's a cat by the way another dog
or a bear or an evil wolf and Ellis
that's wrong yeah what it was the bed
he's actually at wrong video ruptured
the universe that did triumph had a
replay Tom do it guys honestly thank you
for all the love and support over the
past lag again like like week has just
been insane like honestly thank you for
all your love thank you I was poor if
you haven't left leave like rain go
ahead and click that button like it's
just my way of knowing you enjoy the
vlogs if we can hit 13,000 337 that
would be epic I'd really appreciate that
and more than anything if you haven't
click the subscribe button click it I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the
next hey vlog so until then say goodbye
to this cat boom hole and I will see you
guys tomorrow so much love s adios as
adios I did that wrong but you know
