it's the morning after the night before
I feel like barrel oh really
I don't feel bad mmm I feel so bad
though mmm from say now in this early so
that's a good thing to wake up to
Yonkers pretty and there's a cup of T's
been made this bags and crisp and eaten
but my band by round he's cooking this
and scrambled egg my friend thank you I
appreciate you legend it's cool sorry
dick sorry roll it'll our hear
responding to your guys comments and by
wrong dude can I just marry her like
everyone did think I was coming out as
gay for Byron oh just a convocation
definitely not gay but me if he if he
could be like if he cooks like this and
he edits vlogs like that dude you're the
one you're the keeper Alex Kyle's
alleged bookie marry Byron instead like
please like kylo be broke
I don't know like man like Cabo no only
I eat that he's made me a cup of tea did
you get your a game changer anyone out
there I wouldn't marry Byron his number
is I just put your phone number on
screen yeah that would suck in the vlog
I've edited a bit at Josh P it says
something and I can't understand him
just cuz he's like so South African so I
have to get like Byron to translate that
what do you say dude editing this vlog
has been a blast there's so much stuff I
couldn't put in well a lot of it cab
like what goodnight it's only Joe who
puts music on like this in a pie listen
in the background you know those times
when you're just really tired you just
want to go
Byron's trying to sleep my room
does he just don't polish it in your
room clean back your space coming for me
don't forget I have about two of fast
internet so yeah yeah I've got a good
set I've got a swimming pool
I'll have superfast internet and it's
kind of broken but a defendant what what
do you have in London nothing nice
weather women food convenience I'll be
white all he could come with us I'm
stealing your roommate I'm stealing a
roommate boy I think I think we need to
I'm gonna make a bid
I'm gonna write a full bid for Byron
even cooks if anyone wants to know why
I'm friends with Joe slug shout Kyle
it's all right Joseph slugger II is
because I look today he survives off
noodles just like super noodles my man
it's just it's just an all-round good
hangover Cenac the squid is easy and
it's not not dummy mama no nutritional
value to it but it fills you up though
those are holes dude awfully good today
woke up Byron made me breakfast he's not
cooking that for me by the way I'm gonna
do my own woke up Byron cook me
breakfast loving super noodles dude
you've got a lavish life here dude which
is fucking crazy man we just smash it so
lucky this is goals noodle I don't wanna
talk about how badly I cook these
noodles but noodles
Josef's a grass
ninja good Sadek it took that long for
me to make those noodles they're
supposed to take three minutes it took
that long that Byron managed to go to
McDonald's and back by the time I
finished them if you haven't seen
yesterday's vlog you really need to go
see it just for the highlights of will
in the vlog first time ever me in yet
and I could say they we did it in like
just true styled true style KL look at
them true friends to truth come on man
you team us it's okay forget about it
I've inside this is the first time I
probably sat down and watched a football
match the entire way through out of
choice and personal want to do it but
I'm glad Manchester United won all the
stories you know I'm dude I just felt it
I felt that Joe Joseph hey bro hey bro
you're gonna get to catch with to do you
can look
I don't know how you want to do have net
DJ Joe spin it right now there's
literally a blood splatter on that wall
over there oh this place is so goddamn
round but defended assemble this is
exactly where I need to be right now
watching the sunset cheers brother
Baran Cheers
we'll just money to to a calm night okay
yeah no asshole meanwhile meanwhile no
he wasn't ready to get shocked he's done
yeah all the security just came tumbling
down on these guys holy shit the casual
night in London yeah and the police say
it the boots of 500 wait are you serving
your own drink yeah
she's hella fast for the record yeah
what do you think
we're okay right now I don't know that's
get his asshole out tonight that's not
my fault
it'll just not making a blog for a
second yeah it will stay off governor
this I don't know oh my god it feels so
much more freeing to be out of a bar
I've got so much room for activities I
don't have to deal with people's faces
being the way trying to snapchat their
cigarettes and shit man like
Willoughby's right now man like will any
H is not like will I need Afrikaans with
it how did it okay
the prawns I'm so glad I'm so quick to
record in this shit on that and I just
can it's there but like oh no oh my god
this is man's deep this is Lisa the door
holy shit
so this is hey this is this is get a
memory look like I think it's a good
look
I thought Byron was wearing these for
the sake of being like I'm cool I'm cool
legitimately see things from a mile away
so yeah yeah but what's the point being
known I came I saw I conquered of traps
outside the McDonald's because I
couldn't go in my drink so you know what
man like Byron
you never told you
if you eat my balance why someone data
don't try and hide your shit from me in
that oh you'll be fine oh oh but I
thought you got me five selects I did
ask her three about that you treated me
- that's what I came through that's the
links were extra to make for good boy
it's a previous McDonald's employee I
would like to apologize - will any false
mistake he saw going down
yo shell custard shoutcast is fighting
back he has glasses the glasses on Nelly
off knowledge comment is going with
Lofton it's just a big muck you'll be
all Tom get his glasses oh shit who a
nice day out with Lenny's neck same
security of adults next time I'll take
your face off let me thank you
Oliver come back after like the whole
chair massage thing magistead then my
German in there befo My gods
no no no
let's slow things down a bit
Jose vinyl record player
well it's made for playing with my drink
so when a massage at midnight yeah
otherwise the place was closing and I
said Kevin my session like yeah it cost
15 quid for half an hour's like yes no
Joe I do not have six toes can you do
that did you part I do today is the day
I got married to Joseph by the foot I
honestly cannot express how much love I
just gained for Joe for the fact that he
has this awesome mix vol 1 oh my
goodness me Joe listen here it is -
donkey dude do you remember no no this
was for Carl this is for Carl yeah they
were on the edge you know
I'm not believing in you ruined the
moment that was literally a moment he's
shot in her mouth oh you hit me -
employee position my boy ninja is
hosting an event in Vegas and he's got
four hundred eighty nine thousand people
watching Jesus Christ
we ended up passing out of that fight
and it was a really good night so I have
to end this vlog cakes I'm on the train
and I'm going back to Manchester which
in tomorrow's vlog you'll see I'm going
doing the Crystal Maze which apparently
is epic and it's gonna be a special
guest joining us so you have to tune in
for that so if you haven't done already
make sure you click that subscribe
button more importantly leave a comment
about the book I try respond to so many
comments I don't train for the like the
next two hours I'll be able to respond
to a bunch you guys so until then I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for Nick
day vlog again a massive shout out to
Joe I love the fat lady just like he's
so cool we like me just could be killing
and kicking at his house and staying
there like I could check into a hotel
until I got both it's just so much more
and just kickin it with those guys so
I'll put Joe Byron's channel links down
below so if I'm gonna go check him out
show him some love give him a thank you
I'd really appreciate it guys so until
then really neat if you somehow see this
you are a true a true lot like a really
really true lot and I'm so glad I got to
be like really we've got time go again
so that much love I said yes
