I really thought you were dead no joke
we thought you were dead my dude dude we
seriously thought you were dead that's
good my gosh this is amazing well they
started by doing some quite interesting
there's a local spa that has deprivation
tanks in it do most people fall asleep
whilst doing this you can't drown doing
this can you
I'm exhausted yeah I'm so tired
oh my god it's beginning this is about
to be one of the weirdest experiences I
think I've had this is a little pod so
you like late in it in salt water and
the likes and all this like made your
mind just like trip in a weird sense and
then all the lights turn off and you're
in darkness one hour in this asleep is
like 20 hours of sleep it's kind of
weird I don't know how it works or I had
to shower off before I get and you have
to clean your entire body down to keep
the water
and it's fill filling up and once it's
going and they'll say it will say I'm
ready and used to anything so I'm about
to go to another dimension apparently
they said that if I had any thoughts on
me I've got a nosebleed again oh my god
well they said if I've got any cooks on
me actually call them Vaseline
so the salt water doesn't sting it
otherwise it would stink prevent and
then it'll be okay I think I probably
did open I'll let you know how that
decision goes up
I feel so
relax
feel good
really good so how truly was it I think
for the first 30 minutes like a long
time my brain was just so Restless
fighting against like thoughts ideas
emotions like all sorts of stuff because
you get in and you hear the music and
the lines and then it's all the lights
turn off it zooms out you just have
floated in like pitch black and it
wasn't until like like 30 minutes into
it that was like whoa and I just
completely zoned out like just super
relaxed super zoned out super chill and
that is that I'm not sure if I fell
asleep on him but then the music started
play and then the lights came back on it
I woke up another like it feels good it
was like that feeling of love when you
wake up in the morning you're like you
know from darkness to light my god so
you know what it was an experience I do
feel fresh I'm still a little bit tired
how was your experience in that he's
exactly like yours Sam let's start with
it was like he said it takes a wall
tteyuu spike in your brain huh yeah and
you were trying to switch up your brain
it's almost like you know you what an
hour and so you're like okay I need some
control but yeah yeah by doing that you
don't and right towards the end of him a
sauna fall asleep and then it's like
when you ever a massage you like this is
so good no no no hey Byron you read it
in my blog me just record Barnes not
edited any my vlogs since okay power up
bring fuel tabloids yeah I don't really
do mine pills or anything like that book
Byron says he's been trying them and
they're quite good I'm not gonna like
start a trial to them but you supposed
to just take one a day and what's what
what's inside it
and innovation accept drugs from
strangers but the guy was a medical
doctor guy so yeah
uber Joe please do my backpack oh yeah
yeah oh I'm rigging the whole thing drop
one one foot or two on the pain the
agony this is pop that you're right yeah
yeah this is not that bad oh don't worry
Goodwill Gucci yes okay whoa whoa whoa
I'm not paying half half there bro over
there I left my money over there I love
somebody over there look how potato like
my hair is after I have a shower and
don't do anything with it like models
out of a vo5 hair like like the
Maybelline advert look at your hair back
and forth make this bullshit yeah it has
oh yeah okay I'm not I'm purposely not
gonna put that no not only if they got
surfers hair they've got surface
sometimes as well I was gonna say and
you're gonna make me wear a so glare
t-shirt is that if you want to stay at
my house you have to wear my merch oh
look at this he's got it
color-coordinated from Stahl's to whites
to grace to blah is it still stained no
it's not a good luck thanks Joe I really
appreciate ya train back to Manchester
now think Joe's out in the Sun bar owned
by Ronan Bologna where you at my brother
from another mother
he's unscareable moth we just printed
the shop got some beers and I got a
kinder egg and god damn kinder have you
ever had a kinder egg childhood memories
Bolivar
didn't work didn't work maybe hold this
then you go ride a broken
hell yeah Joe's house you've got both
sides of his apartment that you can sit
on so that side now is like fully of the
shade whereas this part is fully in the
Sun and oh my god a minor fan of this
brownie in hand tesco prawn sandwich
bring it on this is seriously the life
from my being in England starting with
Manchester being in Manchester just out
in the countryside to them being in the
say but still being able to sunbathe I'm
absolutely sweltering my tits off in the
Sun I've got a little puddle as well
I've got a legit little puddle nice from
chillin in the Sun for the past like two
hours to walking into my bedroom and
it's a podcast setup I'm not too sure
what's going on here but Joe's doing a
podcast today and I guess I don't have a
bed I'm gonna shower change now heading
to Chelsea I think to go to All Saints
get myself a jacket some clothes and
stuff like that and get ready for
tonight I probably will come back in
just some babes straight away but I have
no clothes for tonight so
it's taking me 14 minutes to upload like
a 30 minute 1080p 60fps video and that
makes me happy but I'm gonna it
unfortunately your driver to cancel
getting you another drop well that kind
of works for me
well you but driveways supposed to be
outside right now but as you can tell
I'm not ready I look like a potato and
to complete the look I borrowed some of
Joe's you juice sit flippy floppies I
really hope look at this look at this
redness it will turn to roundness which
I'm happy about but I'm really hoping
this they saw All Saints as possible
good cause if you don't I'm gonna be
screwed for tonight and it's a lovely
day in London abs
lovely gorgeous where I need to be yeah
you you there's gotta be something I can
find to wear tonight okay I think I
think we will be good I need to start
simple though I need a t-shirt and a
jacket and then if I need a shirt
just in case then sure apparently
everything slopes then up so mm-hmm
there's might be no expensive shopping
they see now that is a clean-looking
t-shirt fresh-caught yeah just ignore
the shots and the flip-flops okay this
is the first time in my life of every
war actual shots not like three core
alums wait I'm gonna let you judge I
feel like I start I suit little shorts
cuz I don't a little white I don't have
little skinny legs which you'd expect
look at that look at that
my mountain biking's paid off rolling
out with the new outfit and but how does
it feel good turns out Joe wants me on
the podcast so I'm gonna get an uber now
back to Joe's place jump on the podcast
for like an hour or so have a few beers
because it's a it's a drinking podcast
it's my kind of podcast and then chill
out in the Sun for a few more hours
before I go out with her Joe and
everyone to go to Casper's birthday
thank God I got the bags checked and I
went through to put this t-shirt on
because they left two tags lettin big
metal tags the left have stuck to me so
if I were going to try and go out and a
night out with them clothes I would've
looked like big things stuck to me
they're like the ones that you can't
remove without like a magnet D Locker
but oh here it is uber uber select for
Tom yeah please
this might sound retarded but that I'm
not looking at a Bentley taxi ama like
wait wait what's going on with that
badge
yeah is that actually a Bentley taxi are
you shitting me the place to be to check
out cars oh my God look at this but boy
I should just come here like grab a
coffee or something I just watch
beautiful we're only just about to start
recording your first ever podcast and
Mikey spill it down himself and I always
put my Rosie as well hey Mikey should
move away from the microphones Cheers
finally got the cheers in
cheers Bree see where to health
happiness and the podcast pilot his name
is yeah dude oh yeah yeah - Avicii down
literally five minutes ago Mikey just
dropped on his that we just finalized
I'd hold 22 years old of me
a year older me we're filming the
podcast when this is like behind the
scenes I need to make it so I have to I
have to create a cocktail we've been
drinking none like Byron I like hey I'm
genuinely not gay but like you must just
play on another level right welcome to
the behind the scenes of and not ad in
London everyone seems to go out and buy
fresh night I went out bought all this
today I don't know if it's where I like
white t-shirt and the denim jacket yeah
let me put you over here you're chatting
you get to the side dirty so I was
thinking like wearing this the tiger
because you know today so awkward I'm
either small waist dude out of Oliver
bar bars bit of a two-leg fuck no wait
why are we listen to like a Spanish a
hammer and song we took the memo of
denim you may know
the spoon is one names for night
what is garden in front of us look he's
doing burpees from editing for Tom to
partying with Tom parties you know how
this is gonna matter there's only one
way this is gonna find out London is so
beautiful right now look at it just look
at London Rock Oh
be ready for a good night you're ready
for a good day husband thanks ma'am dude
just cause we came we saw good no no it
was nice to see you before we get white
girl wasted we're gonna end up in Paris
get why do I say this now Byron can you
read my blog tonight I don't do this in
the morning I hate to see what it ends
up being but yeah I don't think I'm
about this life
yo this is soaking dope yeah I'm a fun
I'm a fun survives this is all all the
vibes wait here we go for food again
Casper thanks revived here's your
birthday but we came out for a private
meal instead we need food
one minute is finished and ahead now I'm
gonna make this chamber for you
what I'm going to do my shingle until
the old think another way there was
sigh hey like a sushi restaurant yeah we
all came out for a meal he waits a bit
gunnel and so did the genius with no
good what did you get to collect your
burger unbeliev well I get I guess this
is how you eat food in London May 420
pounds with the food on 420
sighs Dutch word I'm all for like
somebody on Facebook Gallinger my
breakfast
he went to McDonald's you cheeky bastard
how the hell you managed to get away
with it Oh times in Chains day I look
like there's small child you're like a
couple of their adopted child happy
birthday man I wish I wish I backed out
best of luck with everything you have in
life I will help it happiness and also
you know
I said to my boy I was like do you want
to go swimming with sharks he's like I'm
not about that life
he's not about the shacks hey hey
helping yeah right he goes to me shocks
I'm gonna make friends with a shawl do
you want to go in to be Shaq's soon not
like him yeah whatever you like
don't you go in a cage
if it doesn't happen is his fault nor
mine I'm the guy god this will happen
and everyone else wait
how did he go FreePlay woods
it's bigger than your face
generally smells much
why is that fight oh why is that drama
well I know Nia eight years eight years
I've known you
this woful told you this is twice night
drama - why are you fighting people only
only oh geez will understand this I have
the og footage when we first met game
fest a dog's butt oh yeah lose it like
no I'm good but I'm going to say this
right now I think you're fucking five
I thought Joe was gonna be
oh really bad way oh he was fair okay
okay mind approach and take it yeah good
and I feel the same way as a friend I
got your back okay
you've got to fall but he's not as tall
it's gonna be it
causing drama
we Came we saw we conquered we made it
to the end of the night and we survived
me too you just stole from someone
else's brain oh just stop enough time
here it's you stole from someone inches
Finch I'm looking in this fridge and I
see enough food to be able to make it
bacon money I'm not even joking like
there's bacon there's eggs others bread
I'm about to make a big play that kind
of weird how about I'll make me a bacon
boy I will make you the Cheers 2009 are
you serious right now
somebody's got fault nobody's computer
let's go
how'd sex in the see what happens like
super big dog no what's your fucking
crack now but the first time I ever get
to see you pay is good to see it ok bye
bye bro if I will I will
oh yeah yeah I gotta make sure I got
that video palsy shit what a night I
think it's like it's like five o'clock
your body right now how is it day being
Tom good yeah good how's yours been must
be mint Tom great always been meat well
your brother mark you know muscle you
know I mean it's just cuz your house
United mint okay by now
hey guys if you haven't subscribed to
will Annie don't do it not even worth it
some next summer to get the goodest of
goodbyes Tom please be adorable to be I
don't know why just came by seriously
have a good sleep for that oh wow this
is the music we're leaving gun Joe I
gotta go okay
Mikey seriously and it's the next day it
is recovery session beginning scale 1-10
how the night for you love said oh no
scale 1-10 last night I'm in out of five
to ten yeah good that was one of the
best night long time every every other
minute it was like someone else I knew
just came out no end surprised me and I
was just like what like kobe kansai will
any what I don't know why like will if
you're watching this sorry I did you do
it with all the clips out for the vlog
well you're an absolute legend it was
such a pleasure to meet you and we'll
get some drinks together one day we
would talk about it and we're definitely
gonna go adventure and Alfie because if
you want to catch a shark cage diving
you will we're going and alfea's coming
so if you guys want that make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe as you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog and until then much love aye
sir yeah gosh
