I'm a man on a mission today I am
officially in debt I'm in debt to my
local chip shop you saw yesterday and of
like I turned up with my bank card and I
was like you know I couldn't get this
this this put in a big order when to pay
and then was like cash only in it
the answer was yes oh my lord wearing me
shorts was a great idea that is the one
song you want to hear in summer someone
mowing the lawn but wow what an amazing
day not a great cloud in sight I'm gonna
try rusty I just shit myself I don't
know why that did that cuz you saw me
cuz I can walk and that's why how I open
the door so I don't know why the alarm
went off bought okay
let's try and see if I can make it down
to the chip shop because it closes it to
to pay my debt because it's like 10 - if
I can and awesomeness if not then the
interest rates grill okay to pay my
bills I came to stay my bills off I oh
how much of that is interest
hey I like that content thank you I
appreciate no no honestly she offer it
in the chat box thank you very much for
that I'm sorry
yeah rolled up and I was like yeah take
this this and that has like yet I don't
care
sorry but thank you very much girls look
up sells sweet debt paid okay this was
gonna remember fuck this shit
but today oh come on it's real usually
dead honestly cannot get over how nice
weather is it's absolutely gorgeous I
got a missed call of ELISA mode so I'm
gonna quickly pop round to the office
see how she's doing but I can't stay
there too long cause I've still gotta
edit yesterday's go pro section of the
world I've done a vlog I started on the
GoPro segment so it's get it don't pass
to be a neighborhood watch me and going
on a summit because I've never seen so
many cars parked on the street for this
one little community center but this is
why I'm filming the reason why I'm
looking at it is because it's a lovely
car and it's blue but it's only got one
exhaust needs for minimum hello you
gonna get you're going to get it on the
lush tonight it's a bit Liz Liz listen
why don't you get drunk tonight and then
leave you carry on State miles yep
that's an entity of yes mate it's
gorgeous I am NOT driving around on a
day like today in my car you'll join
your face not too sure what that squeaky
laugh was about but replay finally got
the vlog rendering it should be a punt
I'm gonna upload that but in the
meantime gonna play some fortnight and
then once it's done go meet up with
Alice for some drinks in the Sun then
I've got a meeting with my accountant at
five o'clock and at 8 o'clock and go
down for apparently what he's gonna be
the best steak in Manchester we're gonna
be doing some hardcore food review
tonight that son has truly come out now
so I am gonna get in in it I feel so
goddamn seven or eight senators in sunny
sunny summer summary summary got my
t-shirt on my shorts on and off one
thing that haven't been today's have any
lunch so I kinda need to switch out the
flip-flops for me DC's more like it
and by the way feel free to judge me on
these shoes all you want there DC's that
I bought but I didn't know when I bought
them that they have four feet in sides
so they're extremely comfy look hella
weird or this is proper the life this
chatter officer with bloody Dora but so
not fair could be proud before you know
it whose is that
whoa what a fool feature and no oh my
gosh this is the life right now cruising
for ice cream on my bicycle because I'm
going out for a really nice stay tonight
I'm gonna read some really shitty food
like just a ham sandwich so that I could
appreciate the food water there's no way
that's his car oh my goodness me it is
yes believe it spoke to the guy just 82
and he's gonna check your website in the
same believe that I won and it and he
told me a story about how it still gets
in the ladies what a lot I think I
should have eaten my ice cream first
it's like cream instead of ice cream
lies a self can be snack cafe Oh Mike
did your sound work no book no blue to
speak it oh boy dude she looks got that
looks so mean coming up the road you
like it no I could quite literally feel
a fly behind my eyeball I was just
riding along and a fly went into my eye
oh my god that's everything willed
slowest gates and world's slowest mother
I how did I beat you here look how nasty
eyes the fly has pushed itself the
corner of my eye oh oh oh oh poor little
thing was just enjoying summer and then
it landed in my eye
I'm sorry mate when you have a Viking
funeral
goodbye so this is my accountant Amanda
and we're just come out to see where my
mom sat here I'm like you're cleaning
your car mending it Amanda yeah this
isn't this is my mum people ask why I'm
weird I get it from you
hello there I told you no funds outside
my house bought a copper burger read
what what were you doing you don't have
to clean a defender the whole point of a
defendant it stays dirty love you hello
I'm looking all pretty and smart for my
date tonight I'm so excited I can't wait
this is my chauffeur el castle I'll
thank you very much ma'am I appreciate
it a lot
you better know this summer is coming
down I want as much done on my face as
possible
are you ready to attack nobody went
impressed yeah go keep up gonna start on
the hill let's give it well give it some
wealth thank you he's massive innit yeah
God smell your crotch nasty you know
because in the cheek see we're not weird
at all the time guys cheese
God thank you I appreciate it I like
know if everything goes right if I did
if I need pick it up early from uh from
my date can you come get me thanks mom
love you I definitely just missed a
train definitely just missed it this
stations usually busy as hell but the
next train is expected at 7:23 ah
meanwhile let me take this time to show
you a Tom's infected leg from the bike
ride last night I must have got bit by
something ball will cut my leg I don't
know what it is but you can see that
obviously the bite mark on all my leg
like yeah yeah this is not the game
literally that circle amount of my leg
is all swollen and red and it feels like
it feels warm to the touch
if there no one's got any medical advice
I'd appreciate it
wait Joe committee's been delayed by a
whole one minute so it was expected at
1922 1924 now 1925 okay well it sure as
shit did come on the time it expects it
to be late so let's do this let me in
let me in lovey how do you open it
I actually think I've turned up in
Manchester at like the most perfect time
because I managed to say I with my house
in the garden with Tom my car my mum
getting some suntan the sun's going down
so I'm gonna be nice and cool and when
it wasn't for we're gonna be her cuz
it's freezing cold but other than that I
think I think we've nailed today so I'm
gonna be on time for my day I guarantee
he's late I guarantee he's late and -
everybody's like wait he if you don't
know mine and my dates bromance
you know nothing when's the last train
home I don't think it actually shows
final train times but I'm gonna just
ring it besides this receipt for one
ticket I shit you not
she's doing a twitch livestream in like
Chinese or Japanese okay so something
Asian I'm not trying to be rude but she
actually is if anyone knows of a
streamer from like like an Asian country
currently in England Manchester let me
know in the comments because I was in
the background reverse stream then and I
saw the chat going I stole your she is
absolutely stunning the buses have got
free Wi-Fi free Wi-Fi her boss made this
is good change everything
imagine that I come down sir Manchester
every day for like lunge uploaded my
blog on a bus life of Tom mate pushing
the boundaries what a picture perfect
nine it's beautiful I'm really starting
to get used to Manchester a lot more
like when I was in LA I always used to
go out everywhere all the time
every night there but Manchester just
never did didn't wife never clicked for
it never never cared for it bought you
know what I think I'm gonna start start
doing so Hawksmoor and I think my dates
already inside
oh my beautiful day wait you hear me at
the table
hello I got some hella high expectations
but look how red and by the way man I'm
like sweating me tips up I walked a
pretty good pace and I got a bang bang
grenade o'clock may have shown you this
new calendar Jeff wait fun punch comes
quite a lot yes they do I stirs your
activity to try it I stir just for the
sake of it
hey listen I'm gonna rate this out of 10
congratulations on your new Cape by the
way you're in pain ok for people who
don't know Bo is like the best runescape
streamer in the world or old escape
streamer in the world you like to like
to drag things out a bit make it last
long like a milkman Brewers is this your
celebration like kind out mistake
together yeah they came back I was like
yes sorry we've only got a five bit 500
and 550 he was like I'll take you all
that is a proper idea Dave Aude else
we're having one of the biggest states
you can get at this place and for
starters I decided on this hey what why
is this a thing why did I order a
lobster well have you got scallops yeah
three six huge yeah I wanna try to fish
pretty amazing sighs well oh this is
really good good guts
good luck Godspeed or chance it Oh
no that's a pretty good look so it's a
good like
why did you let me order Lobster the
stars with the steaks that big you're
gonna fit well this is my 50 per mother
Oh God dude what is that is a
Chateaubriand food by winter growl off
the kilograms on opium I don't think I'm
gonna be able to eat all this
Dustin modest-looking steak I've ever
seen in my life you got mac and cheese
spinach chips and mushrooms we feast in
boys so I like my steak it does look a
bit red to be honest fight for medium
well that's right pink in the middle
whereas mate you're just literally still
got heartbeat as it looks is roll look
raw so this is rare have a nice cooked
up with bang shoot them do you like dub
it medium-rare no no no no no no it
smells good you know I'm just saying
right now my mouth is salivating so much
the outside is pretty hard bullshit
bro bro how is he in the mac and cheese
I was like man this is some cheery burnt
cheese no fucking joke I thought this
was cheese I even took it out my mouth
put it back ynx it was covered in cheese
and I was like this isn't chewing i
unraveled it bro I found a condom in my
food jars to say dude I found the
biggest piece look at the size of it you
know I hope I haven't swelled two
minutes already
but waiter I'm just gonna give you a
food up there right now this steak is so
good okay I've got I've got the meat
cover right now
meat over 200 grams of meat left though
he's just storming through is are you
good a uniform
no I'm so good pool man it's unreal
thing is like it's not like I'm forcing
bad food down my face like Oh Don what I
don't want it I want to finish it and I
feel really fat right now once that let
me bring the light in closed up yeah I
know I like that professionalism I
cannot express how to do I'm so full my
sister usually sits there with like a
top button on the pants undone and I'm
like that's just weird but I feel like
doing that right now
what life's too short and you don't know
what you mean life's too short
unbutton your pants and let your belly
hang out this that was a series of
events so my steak even though he got
half of it busted because the plastic I
found in the food he gave me my steak
for free and all the sides that we
ordered for free in the mail your majors
got nicked I we didn't we didn't
complain me like when I'm not that kind
of person
if complains and cares about things but
hey man yeah if they want to give us a
free meal I ain't complaining I would
change you go Tommy that's whoa whoa
that's bad look boaty is a true
connoisseur of the meats and the foods
he's got a bottle of Dickson's
Double Diamond Paul I'd have never liked
you say it's white wine kind of looks
like a licensed version of wine is
stronger
it's tastier I think you could try and
you can tell me what you think is I'm
gonna go for a legs
test the committee legs I know here's
what we're gonna look at those legs
nearly spilled on them you're spilling
it
I don't expect that it's sweet sweet yep
like a sweet wine wow that's the first
time I've ever tried portal not bad
yeah man but the smell much extinct but
it tastes it tastes but that's actually
holy shit may I survive the toilet I
tell you what that's the Bugis meat poem
ever take you mean life right my by boat
you're getting hit getting hit with a
review okay
mac and cheese they didn't need I give
it a review somebody saved us 200 with
those yo you're legit yeah they took my
meal off and all the sides this yeah
that was a lot of money that was really
nice because we did even ask for you
basically yeah I don't know we wanted it
we wouldn't be in douchebag don't know
just be really nice Hawksmoor
steak possibly the best steak I've had
in England I'm saying that now that is a
strong thing I will definitely say I
feel like I spoiled the experience a
little bit by having a bit too much I'd
rather have too little than too much but
the minimum serving of that was 500
grams yeah I was like 500 comes me I I
only eat like 300 like maximum anywhere
else so I will say I'm gonna give it a
soy 9 out of 10 I'll set up now as long
as you don't disappoint him I recommend
oh no no no it's an solid recommendation
stopper amazing the port at the end was
very nice my boy hey now it's my turn to
recommend somewhere and I'm gonna make
him fly somewhere else I'm gonna make
him fly to a different country so you
better be ready for a surprise and I'm
gonna make him vlog his but he's gone
vlogging Channel and why don't you post
to it because do I play runescape all
day good he lives the life that I won no
responsibilities just sit and grind
runescape all day and all night but you
guys are always starting to vlog like
Tom why are you so until I played
runescape all of us in a moment because
I was watching his streams
I'm gonna put I'll put his Twitter link
down below check out his twitch stream
daily right most days most days he
streams all the fucking time check it
out and you'll just be like well I don't
I have a bank account with 12 billion
in-game and I'm dancing for GP book if
you like runescape check out my by Bowie
it's a legend he wasn't ready we took
too long taking a poo
about the whiskey ah they owe me a shot
of whiskey but we were gonna go in for
just one game a bowling ball the guy
just told us they've closed so I could I
bow is uber Lamborghini is on its way
Lamborghini bitch now you see me with
both water doober axes at the exact same
time so his is this one other mines the
mines red mines literally right behind
you look it up red and everything well I
was battling with a nosebleed
in the back of the car without wanting
to alert the driver him being like why
are you dying in the back of my cows
like that the entire way like you can do
the pinch technique or whatever like you
can only just see it a little bit but I
was like the entire time in the ride I
was like ah please don't please don't be
please don't bleed like I just did not
want it to go in his car I know it
sounds so disgusting but another
nosebleed like what is it the higher
elevation of my local area that I live
in I got a nosebleed ridiculous
what an awesome night man me both were
just like yeah we should totally get
together just get like even food or
drinks or whatever we just said screw it
like he recommended hogs more and for
the record I actually will take Bowie
abroad called Barry you know it was so
hot in here today began with yourself I
will actually take Bowie away for like
literally 48 hours just to take him to
like my father like I'm doing this video
we like blood hanging up my nose but you
can't I can't see it because I'm a
mustache but I'm gonna take Bowie away
to like my favorite place to get my fate
like I think it is actually now my
all-time favorite food I'm going to take
boat your way for 48 hours to get my
favorite food of all time blow his mind
its seafood by the way so blow his mind
and then come back the next day so it's
like a trip getaway enjoy it leave all
of it and you get some good food and I
get some good food oh you know what I
reckon you'll give me a 10 out of 10 for
it you got a 9 out of 10 for tonight but
I don't reckon I'll get that out done
for that that's all I'm saying
hi Tom from the future yeah go in this
blog thanks thank you very much for
watching I look like a potato so we're
just gonna ignore that fact and get on
with that again thank you for all your
love and support guys the end today I
like sharing my life with you guys and
we had just one big family here so
if you're not part of family make sure
you click that subscribe button if you
haven't done so already leave a like
rating let's try and hit 13,000 337 and
you can make that happen I'm gonna do is
click that button and watch try it makes
you follow me on Twitter at pro
syndicate and if you're on the Instagram
for me at syndicate kind of post a lot
more to that recently and I guess I'll
see you guys tomorrow for my next daily
vlog where I don't think I will be in
Manchester I may be in a different
location so till then wait and see find
out underside of us
