I'm not starting this Dana rush yeah
you're starting this day in a rush taxi
for Tom okay this thing work
oh yeah oh thanks taxi I now have a
dentist appointment
I knew Alice would be late so I told him
by a Butler was at 11:00 I was not late
okay okay thank you I don't want to do
it don't let me do it it's good ask me
where is it I'll say I've heard ow
it lost me for fish - but poofer and I
said no we should've broke Oh looks like
it's gonna rain gonna be the first phone
I've ever been on time to his dentist
nice I don't quite know how to answer
this question 14 to 20 units I thought
you would say in 23rd of October to get
my teeth the place that's a long time to
wait to get my teeth replaced for sure
appointment for my next treatment and
I've had a tattoo removal thing don't
show my teeth look all nice and clean
I'm now heading into Manchester to meet
up with my boy park key from scratch
we're gonna have like a nice little
lunch
I don't know wax I haven't found
anywhere up to anything or anything like
that so it's might be difficult I don't
tell you what fun I'm feeling Ella
organized that's it ever since I've been
using this calendar on my phone like the
woman at dentists is like you do next
week Mike can is the train station Oh
three-pound buddy 94 tickets a bargain
if I do say so
hey I'll be I've asked you for my three
five nine to back up your ass that's all
I'm saying
Oh check out me being organized I caused
reservations for a table like a
the restaurant I've never been to before
that I found on Yelp so get me all right
I got Pocky we've got guys got demon
eyes is this a mate Tom yeah get a new
burnouts who were some food hey rip
someone caught Elston beef or something
like that
I picked a hell of a nice spot just
record if this foods bad do not blame me
everyone the right way is it this way I
think this way till we are looking at
like steaks and pork chops and it is
kind of only what one o'clock sorry to
throw such a heavy meal and you bought I
tried that looks edible like a nice
amount of lunch Jesus Christ there might
be the foot it's chopped I've ever seen
in my life right so something we work on
here is fruit which before we've raised
like two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars for motor neuron disease but
there's a new deal on twitch at the
moment and this is like not a pitch or
any and any sub all our conversation on
Twitch you can buy thing called bits
which is like basically donate not
tipping to your life favorite streamer
or something like that but what they're
doing at the moment is basically giving
away free money so welcome to which if
you buy 500 bits it costs 99 cents but
then that works is like works out like
five dollars going to the person you
donate to it's what I'm thinking of
doing is just politely rinsing twitch
for charity for motor neuron disease and
seeing how much money we could raise on
a dedicated like safe 24 hour stream
which I do it 24 hours three no 24 hour
stream where people jump in donate $1
but that $1 you donate is automatically
five so all bits donate with that stream
go to charity and say if we could raise
like 50,000 then to know that we've
raised three hundred thousand twelve
Martin disease do
is amazing I may have some details soon
of a 24 hour livestream and we're gonna
absolutely politely rinse twitch sorry
the plan is on me this place is such a
nice little spot I absolutely love it
okay me and Liam are both stuck deciding
where we're gonna try and get to but I
think I've decided on hide central 334
lat fun free
what a nice little dinner good Liam that
was don't with coffee become a train
ticket on the way I was very nice
trained you and he bumped into a fan
that was great well I was waiting for
the toilet the entire time there's a
homeless person
trapping themselves on the toilet train
on the trains toilet there's a homeless
person trapping themselves in the toilet
on the train so the entire time unlike
talk to this farmer I need a person 80%
of the face is this homeless person
droning and making noises stuck in the
fucking bathroom so knocked on the door
and this woman's like hi yeah yeah just
need a bit more time I'm like I don't
care what you do it in there one needs a
poo let me in super random thing to
bring up to you guys but you know my
internet my hopes my house it all comes
from this building this is the Hyde
exchange like the telephone exchange my
area so inactive wherever it comes from
goes to that building
I think it's distributed around my local
like town village an area and it's
because of that company right there that
I'm gonna be getting my fast internet
installed in like eight days you better
know I'm excited but I'm still about to
wet myself so I'm literally walking into
a nearby Asda just to use the toilet
might as well make the most of it
because you know life's too short at all
that get milk and toilet paper so Alice
wants instant coffee like just where you
use the gut granules or like Nescafe or
something like I've never been asked to
get instant coffee before oh hi Carl I'm
just I'm good I'm just getting in my you
but I feel like yeah this cars getting a
few what wait what do you say before
night you said do you not have a job oh
it went really well and I've told them
about you starting streaming soon and he
says I'll get in touch
instead they said departing you straight
away yes
hey that's my governor you just throw
fast high on new Amazon rainforest away
actually would have been cheaper for me
to get didn't drive me to the airport
did you and I need it to you to do to
get me in time to Vienna though did you
pamper them down there back there damper
down man I don't know what you've edited
you listened to but that's definitely
not supposed to be 24 degrees tomorrow
are you going are not you fucking knob
they're fucking you didn't get hidden
cameras irony is such my road rage
please believe that I was a kind of wild
chicken dog yeah Byron hey Byron chickie
noise are you going are not you knob
Byron's bedded in today's a look by the
way so just hi occasion guess what I
brought ya guess what I've all right
yeah instead go we do not want this is
not your throw it I'm throwing this
straight garage immediately man born
Alice runs the business
my mom apparently is now the head of
promotions and marketing game and just
table this idea mum wants that every
poster that gets purchased for next what
24 hours every poster every poster that
gets purchased for the next 24 hours to
the Carrey's does look complicated
there's a free like smaller syndicate
poster signed I don't see the point
again is I'm
I scribble on it but if you guys want
the opportunity to get a sign syndicate
poster as on top of your poster that you
buy then my mom came up with a most
amazing branding deal ever so well done
get your orders in now you've got 24
hours between this vlog and tomorrow to
be able to get a sign one who do get
serious mope came over that idea
so I decided posters in a box lost
Alice's playing this kind of easy oh my
god Kelly Cal Fulton my mom's getting me
to write a happy birthday for you but
more importantly I wanted to try out the
blog because apparently the amount of
support shown for me and like my family
is incredible so happy birthday my
friend watch look I'm not up on my
forehead
I have spotty Mon good and now the time
has come the time to pull the fight that
curtain
all right see later it's my morning
goodbye I stand a fucking POG did my
bike charger and it wasn't on so I've
only got half a battery for going on a
ride tonight so I may actually run out a
battery so this is gonna be interesting
going out tonight but hey man as I
usually say life's too short
just wing it just be not to shout a song
any plaint fear I was like yo bitter
Will Smith yo but yeah we're ready for a
ride my GoPro is charged feeling good
books I charged my GoPro I just forgot
to charge my pipe OBG diam but it's
gonna ride it's gonna be wet and
miserable out today so uh expects a lot
of shit on the camera lens but hey man I
don't like it when they throw things in
your face can the music's played in here
I've got I've got one and playing music
in that room and I got another one
played in this how about you stop no
stop stop stop stop stop
sweep
oh good Alexa shut up Jesus wrong I want
to say this is telling me the truth
because it says for Power Bars on now
but it's probably free and then just
about football I mean at the risk
they'll read the label each team got a
flat tire here pretty much this is gonna
be a great ride boys no no let me say
goodbye don't go way to me I'm your son
yes I know
okay you can go now that's all I wait to
say love you
looks like the police have been young
tone' drive Oh drive by Facebook student
hey yeah it tells the story walking this
cow wait it wasn't stolen Chris this car
Chris he had a smashed window had blue
bottles a wicked everywhere had no side
window like no Noah no mirrors no
nothing there's KFC there's like a drug
dealers phone left in the side passenger
seat that would be an interesting
outcome if that was the story excuse me
no way
so we we assume someone's cat was robbed
because it was that fucked up Jesus wait
oh my god that easy
just raise me see a little bit lost
robot my girl
thanks fix goodness me look at you hello
yeah I feel like a kind of an emo oh I
thought that was the heart wild garlic
stinks
so party
the Walker wait you know do you guys
want to go ahead he's a walking path do
you guys want to walk through there's a
dog in a pond for the bong you're fine
fucking going
can't stop watch out grounders Walker I
was like clearly sex while she was like
Walker told you that you can't stop burn
my all right then I'll just anymore
Cullen nearly cleaned off Tony a few
jungle bars
I want another go of this hill because
that dog got in the way so go try and
ride up here on the electric bike
oh my god you're gorgeous don't pick
your nose
hello hello hello wow you are beautiful
Anya maybe you've got you've got a
wicked fade a wicked paid can smell okay
your lips you got that much touch than
me
one down hey I wrote it last week man it
seemed absolutely fine to me what
there's a jump back here you kidding me
oh my goodness me held to the air
through a drill where may that was shit
compared to your first road the first
run you went flying
good good good good good good good good
Oh Kenny wants more hi ooh kill him here
he is Ken coming up to the ride spinning
those legs
oh you're supposed to jump the big one
coming up dude starting grid it's gonna
be Graham in the orange me to slow the
roll smooth but two small hips moving
rule are you ready to do some jumps yeah
this is this is why my bikes the best
like nothing wrong I know I don't get
the excess the exercise for this I can
just flying
good day
and that's why that bike Chris is worth
its weight in gold
look at this dude this is like what I
wanted but I want to build it from
scratch so it's modern budget driving up
to your house
big-ass pillars gigantic ceilings
windows whatever would one call this is
amazing no this isn't used I'm buying
off the government but I think it
clearly is because this I'm not you
having all this one obviously if we want
to ruin it all but like put a tracker on
the outside for like you're off-roading
buying two cars and that's what I want
to build that
if you found your Johnny Rodgers little
truck hell yes inside the back of the
factory this is awesome
there's my future home I couldn't wait I
could buy it and then we could have this
bike track in our back garden oh my god
so bloody picturesque all right stop
with the bike isn't it this is
absolutely shit always advertise this
for riders are you taking the piss like
seriously who keeps doing this
excuse me sir you need a bike you need a
you need a bus you need a bot in the oh
ok ok yeah sure stylish
let's go straight to watch you do that
oh yeah hey I fuckin nailed that one
I'm poofed you know I said I usually
ride in Eco mode
well this hill is this long and boring
to idle but I just said you know what
guys I'm sorry I'm leaving you find in
the first decade I'm gone this rides
been like three hours long that's
definitely a PlayStation 3 I thought
okay now there's that now this is the
downside of electric bike when you ride
off you have to wait for them so it's
happened I'm down to one bar driving up
that hill in turbo mode was not a good
decision I regret my decision
immediately oh boy
you guys go that way cuz it's not even
that much of a different kind you know
there's nothing exciting well there's
like 60 styles so you guys go that way
alright
what a house juice live anywhere but
bonsall house it's all that some people
chose to live in old church kidding me
bro that things well void I don't
believe in ghosts
when I ride it in super turbo he says
I've got two miles left but when I bang
it into eco I got six yeah I can
probably try to get some bang get out
there okay I've been riding for about
two minutes full power sighs I can I've
got one mile left in the bank the
battery is nearly dead I made it with
one mile let's go boys
yeah so Chris put in a different way he
took a shot I thought you the fastest
man you forgot you forgot I had a
battery all right so easy ease so not
only do I ride an electric bike which
light doesn't give me the full exercise
we then go to the pub and drink and I'm
after seeing that couple there for the a
chip buoy outside the port I just want
you know what yeah
when was the last time at an English
chippy mmm goodbye now goodbye now good
ride good fucking right you're again
come on you're so fucking fast cause all
the steps get up the steps of the okay
Graham Graham shows how you do it show
us how it's done watch our effortless
again Sophie you watch how gone
this boy go like grace oh he's going for
it he never turns down a challenge going
grace effortlessly
yeah advice oh my god I actually made it
home in Eco mode Jesus man
this therapy this thing has been trying
to shut itself off and then die the
entire night but I made it finish the
ride I had an absolute blast a
light-sport say something hours so it's
like by the time we got there just
didn't have time for beer and I watched
stream so I just was like I just love
one ain't rushing more than one and I'll
follow my I'm so having to get a live
stream on the way with Korra I have a
stream it's heat days this just isn't
right and also if you want a good sign
here searching double dare bye Roxy
cottontail incredible just finish an
amazing stream I played with Carl
at Joe sugg and it was legendary we got
we got a lot of work to do communication
wise because my headset wasn't working
and stuff like that and just like in
game coops and all that sort of stuff
but nonetheless we did hit one more five
sub train today in the chat a shout-out
to trying to trap thank you very much
for 2 months but it's time to do the
role so ever in the chat like oh my god
the blood 5 4 3 2 so happy
sorry I move this wearing it you won and
the winner is but I do Snoopy dog 737
congratulations to your face I actually
think this person's already able to
share it the past so Gigi yeah this
should all be yeah I know the vlog
uploaded on time who is this guy who is
this guy uploading vlogs at 6 p.m. every
single day and if you are not subscribed
to the channel yet and I don't know how
you finding the videos with your
searching from on now make a youtube
channel
make a youtube channel I know you could
have like gamer X 75 oh I like ponies 12
or whatever like that but I really do
like it when people actually have their
names now there's not for like privacy
reasons reason la it's now so it meets
like where you come and be like okay he
said something like this and then I feel
like I'm responding to a person rather
than like a picture of you know a
giraffe and then being like I like
giraffe 6 and if you're wondering why I
keep putting numbers on the end of
people's names it's just a common thing
on the internet which I despise and yes
if you've got a number on the end of
your name on your channel we're we're
enemies click the subscribe button ding
dong that
of casian belt smash that like buddy I
actually want a hit a target of hitting
13,000 337 light Britons on every single
vlog I don't know why I just think it's
such a beautiful number and I really
really want to try and smash that target
every thought but I can't make it happen
only you can and yet I just really hope
you enjoyed the video once again thank
you very much for taking you time to be
part of this family and part of my life
this is the life of Tom I post on online
every single day at 6 p.m. ish for your
faces and I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. so until then I study us
