good morning world it's a new dawn it's
a new day let's get this day started
nope worst night's sleep I've ever had
in a long time
I don't understand it I slept better in
Paris I slept better at Joe's house I
slept better in Vienna and in my own
home
I slept like shit for Stine today off
with an unboxing video I would say I
don't know who itself I know exactly who
it's off its off razor I don't know what
it is but I just saw razor written on
the side of it so let's get in it mm-hmm
I had to take a guess with the shape of
the ball and the way it looks everything
I'm gonna say this is a new back what is
it oh my goodness me yes oh my god yes
oh right so you don't know what this is
first of all for clarification I am
sponsored by RZA this is not a sponsored
video but suppose my razor and I came up
with an idea for razor a long time ago
because they have wireless mice mices
and I was like you know what this is a
really good idea
I love the wireless mice it's great
invention whoever invented it however
long ago but you're always it's like
constantly charge it I'll put it back
here not putting batteries in it so I
was like why don't you use wireless
charging so when your mouse is on your
mouse mat it's charging the mouse the
mouse actually charges whilst being on
the map apparently there's no latency
delay there's no problems there's no
nothing
it's absolutely perfect so you've got a
chroma Mouse a chroma mouse MA and it
charges it all the time so you never
have to recharge your mouse and it's
permanently wireless the next generation
of wireless gaming is here a razer hydra
fox wireless power technology enable
mouse ma chris a magnetic field that
officially transfers power directly to
the Companions Mouse so there's never a
need to stop and recharge oh my goodness
me
I can't we've made it and on the terms
of me being like army I'm a genius that
came up with something I have kind of an
idea you guys remember in cased
obviously I had to reach
the company I was like god I don't want
to call I don't want to do that
hydro dipping with like just had some
complications and stuff like that but
the core concepts of making a company
with like customizable foam cases
exactly what I was after
well last night at two o'clock in the
morning the new name and the idea and
something much bigger hit me and I hit
up Casey nice that about it and he
thinks it's an amazing idea like he was
like tongue emoji and was like my
awesome and I'm hoping to even get him
involved with it in the future once I've
got all the concept art dawn I'm like
maybe a prototype I truly think I have
got the new name and idea for inked
cased but as much as I've got the new
idea it is a much bigger idea it's a lot
more time it's a lot more effort it's a
lot more energy and it's a lot more
money to go into like and getting it
side out it's not just something where I
can go to my local shop and like start
you know like dipping it in water and
stuff like that I need to go like for
CAD CAM product design with this shit
but if I do it it could possibly be one
of the most amazing projects I could
have ever worked on and to say that
Casey nice that likes it as well I think
we're onto a good'n because I'm sure
he'd tell me it's a pile of shit if it
was otherwise nice bit of smooth jazz
going on over there and today's shirt
choice the insignia I'm actually a bit
of a crush or as to what is my favorite
all-time shirt from Sinicki original cuz
I really like the brand new coat of arms
but I tell you what man I really really
love this shirt it's only 1207 and I've
already got the vlog edited and
rendering we're game a fortnight then
I'm gonna head down to this in the kit
regional office and jump straight on
line to get my new bumper for my
defender ordered I've got like the
garage that's gonna fix it install it
but I just need to pay for it ah you
thought I forgot did it you know I did
not it's a Monday and I am motivational
chicken so let craft on with this week
today is the big reveal
I hope you watch yesterday's vlog where
I introduce Byron and whoo Byron is to
me I'm gonna try not spoil anything this
vlog now just in case you haven't seen
yesterday so if not don't check it out
all the way dating with walking Wow
Wow and I never thought that's just gone
through my mind is there's only I think
what day is it today the 16th this goes
up on the 17th
there's only 10 days 10 days until I'm
supposed to get my brand new internet
installed deep breaths Tom it's all
gonna be worth it oh my goodness me am I
excited that vlog that I'm uploading
right now says it's gonna take like an
hour to upload which he's slower than
when I was in the hotel in Paris which
is slower than the Vienna and Wi-Fi
which is slower than Starbucks
McDonald's Wi-Fi is quicker than my
actual house internet so that saves of
them when I get back when I get my
husband that new at that man
500 500 down oh I can't wait my dad's
clean my bike coming it looks like new
holy crap Ken thank you I was gonna take
the defender to drive around in book I
don't know man weather like this I just
have to be in the Sun I probably don't
have to be wearing a hoodie but manip so
let's get on down to syndicate original
let's start some shit out there then I'm
gonna ride oh look at me this is like
back in the life of Tom like 2014 I'm
gonna ride to the pet shop to go get
some food for Stephen meleave push man
shit my seat down and then after that
we're gonna get the year the bumper
order for the defender so we're wait
till you see it it's pretty much a beast
where's he's really putting the work
over there and we need to get down hard
so let's get rockin and let's get
rolling
as this but abundant as it's been
abundant here what this is so weird
I'm just gonna go under the impression
that this is but Nick's on it I just
ditched it see it and had a chicken
banquet from KFC they've even D badged
it the twice interesting I don't know
whose it is never seen it before and you
got anything live interesting there got
some boots in there some tin foils and
cigarettes stolen car found outside my
dad's house Oh Jerry can and what the
hell no they ripped off the rear view
mirror and they left it in the back of
the car I'm not touching it because you
know evidence and all that sort shit
never bottle ibly wicked in the back arm
ain't walking Donnie Roger even left
like the spare tire shit in the back as
well
that brown envelope yo that brown
envelopes got my attention
I would actually laugh this is just like
my neighbor's car and he just crashed it
something like that was like yeah at a
bad day
thanks army we thought UK was that shit
got robbed what a random series of
events it turns out it is actually a
stolen car my dad's house really it was
like you know throwback to the og vlogs
right this is how I recreated it good
why is it so shaky wait why is it she
but why is it every time I flip the
radio she shakes I was a throwback to my
first ever life in the day Dana what
that life in the day that's a throwback
the first ever day in life of Tom now
that's out the way um I go work out was
going on my camera stabilizer
stabilizations well weird think you
broke my camera
I think the stabilization and it's gone
hey man drop this camera today whilst I
was in the bathroom and I think I broke
the stabilization in it so I might have
to take it to the shopbot hello hello
hey friend look at you you're a fabulous
triumph hit me or pot on your birthday
to see if you want to go and race and
try all the new motor bikes on Donington
racetrack private event private track
I'll have to check times bought if it's
in the daytime we could maybe go to it
yeah I don't think you can reschedule
the whole event just for you Ken sorry
yeah I don't want wrist the
stabilization on my screen it's
definitely a drug dealers fall and
that's all I'm saying
look at that bad boy we've got what is
it hits from the hot 100 hits R&B we've
got foam smash glass in there what is
that Insurance cigarettes
KFC hey this is the this is the mother
lode this mate they got Jerry come back
there and there's a summer I want to
look at what this is is that envelope in
there look where it's hidden dad it's an
envelope in the back seat hey these
vlogs a teller event for my kid
you have no idea you know how nice it's
for this like start your day in random
shit happen because when I was like I
had the cats and this is so windy I'm
sorry and you know like I know this did
not be rude but you know when you're in
a relationship but you just getting
team of like same shit same shit it's
like you Stockman onion like drunk a lot
of lives pieces bought the freedom to do
whatever whatever
this is like my reaction so you guys
know Lydia had a cyst on her ovary now
at the bakery as we were talking about
it was like I have an assist from over a
like no fucking way he let his cyst on
your ovary and she said it's like parent
like a world record sized ovary are you
for kidding me god Lydia's was decided
like a like a baseball reduces 12 oh my
god I don't know if I'm gonna show this
now and this is a true warning I'm gonna
give you a time stamp in the comment of
when to start watching from and when to
avoid if you don't want to see it but
this led 50 so Lydia's was 12
centimeters this is like three times the
size of Lydia's
oh my god I actually don't know if you
ready for this guys so three two one oh
my goodness me Oh what was in it oh and
you thought you like we're pregnant or
something how long did it take before
you know like you never had it me
anything but the thing is any month are
like I've never heard of it before then
you told me you had one then Lydia's got
one girls need to know more about cysts
I go and get checked for like seriously
if you feel in pain going get checked
for its my eight might not just be fairy
crumbs
I like Lydia thought it was a small
other you know empiric let's ride perry
county retains it could be a cyst go and
get checked tonight we're all gonna go
to the movies and we're gonna watch a
quiet place which is apparently a really
good thriller horror movie hello
you know it's quite a quiet place and
it's been given a 95 percent on Rotten
tomorrows which is like unheard of the
whole premise of this film is that this
is not spoiler is you've gotta walk
carefully
and be loud because if you make loud
noises like crack truck twigs or
anything the monsters all whatever it is
chase after you and because they speak
sign language the family cuz the dog is
quiet they never get sound until now but
God's sake Ellie's how can you just not
eat a sandwich normally I'm not sure why
wearing my best clothes I've decided to
come on a little bike ride on a bike boy
it was a building back there turn you
around because it's secret it was a
building back there that was going
investigating to see if we could acquire
it because it'd be a big enough property
without private drives and loading bays
and stuff like that for a syndicate
regional and it's local in my area so
just pop by it to find out and what yeah
who the hell fence this off since when
hey ever since I was a kid you could
ride your bike up there but I guess I'm
now going the opposite way before I
inquired into this factory or I am
inquiring in this factory to see if
rumor is correct that sale this is it
because if it is syndicate original
might have a new hitch cue woo how would
you feel if I got a tattoo on the back
of the leg there that you know like a
bottle of like a drink or a product it
says Made in China well how do you feel
if I got made by Ken you know it'll be
there as well from Manchester mr. B mr.
B as well I just want is a lot of people
can I says I can so then when I'm riding
at the perfect place when I'm riding my
leg yeah I know it's close it right in
Toy Story he's got on the bottom of his
shoe II don't like his owner yeah and
then I was like fuck mum probably won't
like that so I made in Karen I made in
mum but then I thought that sounded
weird yeah I made by Kendall's idea what
you think Island but she was willing to
give it me because so I thought was in
Vienna for two extra days so the girl
was gonna give me a tattoo I was gonna
go to the shop is you're gonna give it
me yeah it turns out she's like a first
like a really famous time I yeah so I
might still get it
me that looks like they always bitten
that are you trying to swims it's funny
how many men does it take to release a
drill bit I know next episode of was it
Tom this is the life it's whether it's
where that's what I need
whether it is exactly what I need
welcome to Tom's Land Rover Defender
bumper hood where we originally started
looking at this bad boy which I was like
oh my god that is absolutely beast mode
but it turns out this is a weird angle
to look at it from because if you go to
this angle here it actually doesn't look
that beast like it's just a straight
tubular bar with like a underneath skid
plate on it it looks nice but it's not
as B feels like like again that thing
not that last picture there made it look
like I then found this one a Raptor
bumper on the front but it's just so
much going on there yeah there's a skid
plate this is this there's a winch but
it's just it's a bit too much of my
liking I think but then I found this
this might be the bad boy sleep towel in
black the ability to like take this off
and put a winch in the future because I
don't really need a winch right now and
I've still got the tow bars on the front
of it I think this might be our decision
maker left on my own literally abandoned
it mom's gonna picked up a car alice is
taking it so I've been left on in the
office by myself I think I should build
a box for I was making a box for she
literally walks in and when I got yeah
uh I was gonna make a fart of all the
boxes cuz she left me alone ruin the fun
it was supposed to be a thing where I
hide you go to get a hoodie and then I
jumped out and scared them he's my phone
still broke I think it I think it is
okay do I just know is can you hear like
a rattling when I move the camera up and
down watch
I think there's a rattling sound I think
I brought my camera
yeah drops it is monetise old yeah it's
like a weird static oh you better know
long-sleeve shirts come in CITIC at
regional just saying because I tried
that one on in Hong Kong and I was like
I love it then I was like you know what
we can stop printing long-sleeve so we
got some cool designs on the way
Stephanie Oh Derek I think I've done
everything I need to go and make a
gaming video wait where do we get this
from
oh fuck you range but truth just rang my
neighbors and just like them about do
they know anything about the police
being out somehow so don't ever showed
you that yesterday or today brought the
police stood up on something outside
like half past five last week but like
two police officers in a car didn't even
know they didn't leave anything I'm just
like what's going on so I like running
on my neighbors being like what's
happening what we're now doing is
someone been robbed or like what's going
down some died what's happened but no
reports of anything so can you get in
touch for your like local team to see
why they were outside your house itself
appreciate some feedback on that because
I don't want to bring like the
non-emergency number try and get through
to local team and be like you good dev
you're good you're good yeah sweet okay
we're fine it was just you won't say hi
sweet so no one who's there no
information boy if I hear of anything
like you know man like Steve absolutely
tell me I need to get this camera fit I
can leave a broken home I don't think
there's a problem with a front-facing
camera so like that that to me seems
okay but the back ones definitely make
it a twitching noise so I've got up okay
I'll take it in see how one gets taken
to fix it hopefully they just do a
switcheroo
very nice coming off Henry saying love
the vlogs keep up the great work
thanks man nice nice place probably
great but don't worry I make the same
mistake sometimes but in our new steve-o
me this camera is so screwed we broke
the stabilization Steve we've definitely
real get is it for my defender what is
that for
you've been doing some random stuff in
my vlog today me sitting pipes on fire
than that
sure this is where I want to be right
now mom this is where I want to be I
know we should be going to the cinemas
right now like set it off immediately
this is where I want to be being inside
buildings depresses me go go where no no
no a little bit in cinema don't even
don't even fret not I mean just sitting
inside a room I love to streaming what
yeah sorry I love streaming like when
I'm streaming and stuff like that but
compared to being outside in the Sun I
want to suck it I'm gonna go see it
we're going to see in a quiet place Yeah
right me and Lydia were professionals at
turn up at the cinema so hear me out
the film stars how about six there's 20
minutes of this we'll be late
I will place money on it right now Alice
would be late do you think she'd be on
time 25 past six films are half past
Alice's she's not even left the gym she
never got change she's just getting
changed and my mum thought my mum
seriously thought Alice would be on time
for something ha why do you have faith
in your daughter no faith woman war I
just desire miss planes III miss planes
not cinemas tickets
it doesn't that look healthy so what
have you been doing then Dobbs it to the
gym yeah by the way mum - we thought you
were gonna be on time I'm sorry Cal hate
it enjoy the storytelling the
anticipation the everything the excite
of you all was incredible like it's nine
out of ten incredible what was kind of
at those like the ending was a bit it
could it could the ending could have
been done better but I'd give it an ADD
actually give it a 9 out of 10 Jesus
moment
yeah Joe Johnson words are some coke
eyes as you make you feel that your own
boyfriend doesn't share with you at
Nando's he shares with me he has with me
why you throw in a bush like why you
even door even fuck you from beyond the
desk babe what's my name
throw this apology here to my computer
poor thing has been switched on since I
went to Vienna all the monitors are off
bought the PC got left on so I'm gonna
give it a quick restart so she can just
settle down and I'm gonna do a bit live
live stream back to comment time with
Tom elm al I know I shouldn't say this
cuz I love Tom but I am confused he
dumps Lydia for being busy with YouTube
and not having enough time then he
announces he had Byron as an editor
Shirley friend at the time he needs I'm
a bit lost now the one thing I need to
say to people when you watch my books
cuz I edit my vlogs like for the past
the past four months I've edit my vlogs
alright
the story that's told with him through
my vlogs of like what I say how I say it
all the information is there a kind of a
Miskin true construed it or whatever
like I film it and I'm like yeah filmed
it that clip make sense what I just said
makes sense and then was of edit it I
also know it makes sense because I've
like basically built the story of the
vlog but what blows my mind is when
people don't actually watch the vlog or
listen to it they like they don't watch
every day
but then they'll leave comments like
this now it's not exactly that they're
saying anything bad or anything like
that but it's I very clearly said that I
had Byron as an editor for like probably
say two months of me and Lydia date and
I did olive oil get it on my phone and
then Byron became on board is my vlog on
it for like 152 days from that point
four hundred fifty two days now don't
get me wrong there was a few days where
he's like I can't do this weekend or and
busy this day and I did it myself and
that's why in the blog a lot of people
were like I'm gonna me does that mean
you faked edited when you say you were
editing not at all when I said I was
editing the vlog it's cuz I was
genuinely actually editing the vlog
myself so it's people who get like upset
like your lives wasn't no no not at all
I didn't like I would send the clips to
Byron and then you wouldn't hear about
me sending the clips to Byron and just
send him off in a that's the vlog doing
when I said like I've got sit down and
avoid there the days when Byron was busy
and I had to do something they were the
days that Byron was busy and I had to
edit so therefore I did the vlog with
this comment right here it's that I need
you guys to before you common and it's
not me telling you off this has been
like big bro Tom here it's like think
before you type if you haven't thought
about what you're gonna say most the
time I look at your comment me like
probably get response I know it may seem
a bit harsh but in the video I very much
explained that Byron was my editor at
like the start of me and Lydia day in
might you know I say like half of our
relationship it was that day so I had so
much free time to travel to be with her
you know if I would spend my time doing
a bit the gaming I had all that free
time and that was awesome
and that's why I was saying Byron helped
out so much because I have to
turnarounds let me be like Lydia I've
got ready my vlog now it's gonna take me
like 45 minutes then I'm gonna get it
uploaded so there's like two hours of my
day just taking away from me but not
spend time with you and me maybe would
literally be sad like us that airports
outside Starbucks was I'm doing it and
she just took around doing nothing but
Byron came along and just relieved me of
so much stress every single day and it
allowed me to spend more time in Lydia
but then when Byron went traveling and
said Tong I have to stop the vlogs for
like two months I was like well then
we're gonna do without him
I took on board doing the Edit myself
rather than find another editor or
something I really want to take on the
the responsibility myself again and I
did so now that I've been doing it for
four months you could almost say that
could have been like a thing of like
where my
got spent up if not being with Lydia as
much you know it could have been a push
it over the edge thing because knowledge
and I get into my streaming in gaming
which was taking up so my time I then
reach out on board the Edit in the vlogs
uploading the vlogs all that sort of
shit because I've seen people come in
here understand the situation being like
I'm gonna Benny maybe his Byron's fault
but something with you broke up like if
he would've got a holiday maybe they
still would have been together and I
don't think that's the case it's all
like no I tell her this light is bought
I had a lot more time when Byron was
around in the vlogs fall idiot for my
gaming for my streaming but then when I
really got back involved with my game
and my streaming I still had to find
that time every day to edit vlogs and
upload them so it was just even more
time that I was removing myself from
giving like give time and attention to
Lydia that she needed so as long as it
is there's a correlation there for sure
if Byron won't have gotten traveling
would things a bit easier between me and
Lydia possibly but you know what they
panned out the way they did and now I'm
stuck doing all the editing so thanks
Byron so I'm not bombshell but stain
movie it is tits because like earlier in
the vlog you heard me mention Google
Calendar I said inanimate Apple calendar
well you know on your phone you have a
calendar you can add things into it yeah
I've never actually used that in the 8
years of owning an iPhone never have
just never I've never gone with hate
yeah I think it's a potato piece of crap
it sucks until I realized how you
actually use over the past few days and
oh my god did my life just become more
efficient I'm more organized that I
probably should have done it sooner so
I've got to get up tomorrow and pretty
goddamn ELYX I've got to go to the
dentist and explain where my tooth is to
it so that's gonna be interesting so
don't forget it beforehand it's get
uploaded today and that's a night it
won't be late for tomorrow and I will be
going on a bike ride so everything
should be shipshape and in order I don't
even think that's the same one I just
said that but whatever be guys thank you
very much for watching the vlog I very
much believe what I say and I've never
felt so strongly towards like this
community and the word that just
resonates so resonates resume says it
don't word but the word that resonates
so strongly with me and you is that we
are a family like I truly truly mean it
you know when I say life's too short
make the most of it I try and spread
nothing but positive vibes I try not to
be down cuz in the sense of lie it's not
like it's a fake thing like I'm down
down you see when I'm down and you've
seen what I'm stoked you see me when I'm
you see me when I'm hungover several
times the one thing that I know I'm not
doing as much of over the past like like
12 months is response your guys comments
and look at feedback and you know and
really take what you guys say into
consideration because like I think my
past like three or four vlogs or
something from average of like 300 400
comments a video we've been on like
1,000 nearly 2,000 and obviously I can't
respond to all of you you guys know that
like yeah if you don't you should know
I'm I'm not I wasn't ready okay I'm
trying my best to like really interact
with you guys and might pick up a few
comments to respond to each day and it
makes me feel really happy about doing
YouTube you know I just film every day
of my life I put it on the internet and
if you guys enjoy it then that's
absolutely awesome so thank you very
much for your time you do not have to
watch my vlogs but if you choose to do
so
thank you more importantly if you
haven't yet done so make sure you click
that subscribe button if you're watching
this video and you're not subscribed if
you don't even have a YouTube account
make a YouTube account click that
subscribe button
ding done that little notification about
right next to bone so it's like ring
ding ding Yin and then if you guys could
please leave a like rating honestly when
I go to a video and see it's got like a
bunch of like grains it doesn't do
anything to like like help the video get
more views or more money or any like
that it literally just shows me that you
guys are enjoying the videos and like
enjoying the positive vibes and stuff
Lots so if you leave a like brain I
really appreciate that guys I know
there's some of you out there I do it
every single day without fail so really
appreciate it much love I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
i vlog so don't forget oh me on twitter
i pro syndicate I tweet a hell of a walk
for me Instagram at syndicate I'll see
you tomorrow 6 o'clock alright much love
adios
