it's a new dawn it's a new day and I am
starting it without a tooth I die at any
time I just can't leave gotta wait to
pull out my tooth like hmm and thus
begins my daily chore of uploading the
vlog I actually want to try and find out
where to rent these bikes from rather
than like the ones in London that you
have to lock up in certain stations then
when you're done with it you can just
leave it where ever you want and
wherever you leave it accompany then
drives around later and just picks it up
from there rather than you having to
return it safe way like how convenient
is that Apple Store connected upload my
pretty upload I think from now on
whenever a book a hotel like in a
country that I go to I just need to make
sure it's near an Apple store because
they always have like five top 500 down
internet so the next time I go anywhere
that's what I'm doing literally out here
with the pigeons vlogs uploaded sorted
it all looks like there's sat there
watching the show but there's nothing
there's nothing there I don't get it
it's great but I don't get it look at
the size of those balls sit Cesar is as
he sees it that's for sure
I feel like I should touch the balls
because remember the ball in New York
like the bigger a gym ball well I
tickled that ones balls tickle that
one's balls is this okay oh brother
opera oh really whoa National Opera
House yeah I don't know why I'm looking
at watches but I am Oh Mother of God
look at that holy Sh this is my dream
right here but can I buy just a little
few slices and they literally have just
the box a little hammer feels so
European right no one I'm so happy I've
got my little pot of ham and I couldn't
want anything more in the world apart
from the Sun to be out a bit longer over
than that man I'm happy the Opera House
and then a guy with a rabbit alright so
yeah I was making fun of the whole
people who sit there just looking out
into the world
now I'm one of them so I have become the
French holy did I get the biggest beer
oh yeah that's the Louvre right Wow
more roundabouts in Paris oh yes he's
just beautiful
is that your music oh I thought there
was someone outside with a piano oh we
should totally get a limo such a simple
thing of a tower in the sky but oh my
gosh is he just so iconic and beautiful
I'm so excited to be returning to my
room when I spent pretty much most
Monday already as it is
welcome to my room what day is this what
does this even say numb you can put your
breakfast order on your door it's
changes everything when I you just stay
at hotels I always always try and make
it down for the breakfast you know I can
like the lobby and stuff but obviously
you can get it delivered to your room
cost a bit more money but I've never
woken up in time to be able to do it
no I find this and I get some releases
this jelly like jelly babies or
something like that
bought jelly circles you should never
accept sweets off strangers but when the
strange is managed to make it into your
room tidy your room and then put the
sweets on your bed it's kind of
acceptable or not that sweet is fake
news there's there's seeds in it oh my
god this is where we came yesterday
because this is that flowery building
but look how busier it is on a Friday oh
my god
I feel like I may have spoiled my meal
today because evidence taking us to the
place that we tried to come to yesterday
however me really shouldn't leave me in
that hand today when all this I'm turned
off right now but
a fish selection so this is caviar and
truffle paste which is this then with a
like raw tuna on top this is basically
French sushi it's kind of its kind of
spicy I don't know how but it's kind of
spicy
Evans died in our agave so I've made a
boat out of a tissue that's split open
so not too impressive ever made this how
amazing is that this was the first one
that you made and I was like okay this
is nice
but I want something more memorable so
we did it with a 20-year oh no and look
at the swag he's got a blue collar and
everything I have a nice little latte
and some rice pudding which I don't
understand in England we do rice pudding
warm well this is ice cold
very nice restaurant I don't know what
it's called but it says the Grande so
doesn't that mean the big so if that
means the big then the big creamy Airy
creamy cream Oh sausage dog that's
perfect this is what me and Evan do when
we're bored Evan wrote red pillow blue
pill you decide put inside the spa's he
put a red chili baby and a blue one
what's that well actually is it ho jelly
beans that doesn't look a bean it
doesn't like a baby does it yeah I'm
just gonna leave it there
we're trying to go to The Syndicate bar
that I've been to before
I think we draw past it but I didn't see
it open I'm almost wait is that it that
actually might be it
I think it is I made it inside but
there's no alcohol good thank you very
much
good we couldn't get a drink in there
cuz you do some amazing cocktails I met
the owner last time I was in France and
he said if I ever come back to France
come in and we'll get a drink together
so I came back with everyone
unfortunately they've stopped serving
alcohol but the guy behind the bar I was
like new like the name syndicate and
that was my name so he like hooked us
all up with a quick shot but before
another closing so we're gonna try them
go to a place called the titty twister
and I am not sure what to expect we went
to go inside it's closed two for two
right now
borge kill the size of this dashboard
that is incredible
climbing out of a club literally
climbing out of a club five hours later
the struggle is real oh my god
what a night I've loved I love the fact
that the owner of that club is so cool
but uh back to reality we have to get on
a flight in like four hours that took
like four seconds you're about to hear
me say I'm not doing okay the answer is
I'm very drunk and I'm in deep talking
mode Tom zone okay so this is a very
long clip but I watched it back to see
if I just rambled candid a little bit
but there's a lot of meetings all I had
to say so without further ado I do let
me introduce you to drunk philosophical
Tom I don't know if that's the right
word but nonetheless enjoy and just like
that I'm back home but I will say that
one thing is you know why I love being
around like my sister and Kyle and India
and like Terrorizer and all that it's
know like insult so the guys have been
here within France but it's I can truly
film every single moment that happens
and I'll tell you right now like like me
and violet come on like sober is held
tonight my boy Angelo this struggle was
real sort of like had to carry him to
his room and stuff like that but like if
that was anyone else I'd film it you
know and I know not to be disrespectful
or rude but it's just cuz its power my
life it's part of what happened in my
day and the whole point of my vlogs is
to film whatever happened that day and
capture the moment I capture that this
and you know with certain people there's
certain things I truly respect like you
know how I always say like I don't carry
a big camera around so don't make people
feel uncomfortable or they like the act
funny or anything like that because
whenever and if I whip out my phone no
one cares like you don't even realize
I'm filming that's exactly how I like it
but there's so many moments with certain
people that I I personally choose not to
film respectfully and of course I think
you guys get that as well
but it's just really
funny that there's so many moments that
you guys just do not see just cuz of
like not in a like again not in a bad
way but like because of politics of like
I people don't be in the vlog and it's
respectful to not have that moment in it
but the one thing about this channel
that I like the most and this is why you
know like yesterday's video out I had
people like living deep comments and
stuff like that and I just like handle
it how it is cuz shit happens and I have
a very forward-thinking person and the
straight is straightforward that person
so when shit goes down I just address it
but when shit goes down and I can't film
it and I can't show you guys I'm like
it's on the inside I respect it I
understand it but there's so many
moments that even I will in a couple of
weeks time wish I had filmed it cuz I'm
like oh you remember that time no you
don't all well let's look at the clip
because it's on YouTube because I think
I literally use YouTube is like a memory
bank for myself I just wish I could put
it all online just cuz like if I fucked
up say if I was bollock naked humping a
camel as one of that I don't give a
goddamn shit like put it on the Internet
any my blog wait you just said what I
mean it in the sense of that's what
happened in my day that's what happened
in my life I want to capture every
single moment that is like like relevant
in my day and so rather than humping
camels I hope you take that away as when
a when a moment happens I want to be
able to capture it and I'm really good
at like whipping out my camera at the
right time to capture the right moment
but unfortunately you know around the
people that don't want to be on camera
it makes it difficult because I'm like I
want to film this but I shouldn't are a
con or I won't I respect people's
privacy and the one thing I don't want
to do is burn bridges by you know
filming something that's inappropriate
or they'd feel uncomfortable with so you
guys generally don't see a lot of
footage just because I'm like I
literally can't go in the vlog cuz know
it lit it it just can't I just want to
make 10 minutes of content every single
day of my 24 hour period of my life for
you guys and not just that
I want it for myself I wanna be able to
look back in the future and go holy shit
what did I do three years ago look back
and watch like when I went to the Cayman
Islands yeah be nice look at the photo
but I get to look back and go holy shit
learn as kitesurf holy shit I swung
weave like fucking wild barracudas holy
shit like you know I swim with turtles
and stuff like that that's why I love
what I do because I posted online as a
memory for myself and I have a backup of
every single video I produced so until
hopefully the day I start vlogging I
will always have a memory of every
single day and that to me is the most
valuable thing of all and I'm so proud
of that fact so guys thanks for watching
and ourselves ending this vlog ages ago
you're all legends much love and I study
us and I genuinely mean it thank you for
all your love all your support you guys
are truly the best boom I just punched
her in the face
