boy you're always well you do it here
where's she going
wait what the hell did you wait she
stayed or going it's a new day and going
in paradise my lip still looks like it's
far enough with a Coco Pops took to it
but we won't talk about that
hello hello okay questions about my
house real quick
now my questions are what the hell's
going on I see one ball there no Bulls
there no balls inside there well then
when I go in here supposed to be
over there
sorry remember when me and Lydia went to
the pottery class well Lydia just pop by
and dropped off the pottery that we made
it actually gave out pretty sick and to
everyone who thought my little vars was
 came out exactly ha ha
how good did that come out Oh some on
the back of it um look it's a pot and
bars Oh No tape it together oh I was
like everyone that's so been I know it's
bent he's supposed to one of them artsy
ones that kind of goes like pump like a
tulip or something I think it's called I
think it means like based crafting I
told you did a good job just a record we
were supposed to make it go straight up
like this and I was like now what ball
was the point I think she did it Mars I
asked it was Finkel flow of Oz I mean
you could probably put like a piece of
salt interesting yeah yeah get it get it
get it
come on get in have you ever seen
anything as good as this Wow yep this is
okay yeah she just dropped me off some
food real quick and a balance dim
sum and oh this looks like a good
breakfast to me this is from glamorous
how nice is that cup of tea two sugars
please did you say where's your cap
right you're right you're gonna have to
tell the world what the news was why you
so excited today because I already told
people my screen come on what's the news
stop dribbling food I saw it
fall at your mouth look at everyone
everyone say hello to the book hello
Lulu and edit the vlog on stream that's
gone successfully still currently
streaming Cal's in the chat partly just
being a little badass I'm owed to boss
thank you very much subscribing and
Stephens on the prowl where you going
where you going
well you're going don't go too far okay
don't go too far guarantee I lose him
still casually carrying on my Sunday
chill session I love it and then I look
to my right well the hell are you
looking at first of all you're like
you've suspiciously pooped in the corner
of my room and secondly I think you
might get a bit cool cuz you're a bit
grey so I'm gonna pull you back that's
there in it mate
nice and warm are you ready in five four
three two one
the winner is Joker so odd soda
Joker sewed just won themselves a free
t-shirt in the show all done I just felt
like given a one-way to everyone so
guess what they're won this new bad boy
screen up I can keep using this screen
off to the side but oh my lord I can use
this because the aspect ratio is perfect
for gaming on and streaming and an
amazing fresh rail and see how big she
is
I'm almost confident this is a chroma
light on the back of this screen because
I just put the power in and it just went
warm with loads of colours I just
thought it was like you know I could
almost like a heatsink or something like
that but let's turn this oh my god it's
 massive and beautiful Jesus it's
a koala flight this isn't sponsored for
me to have it in the vlog I'm doing a
sponsored Instagram post with it so if
you were to me Instagram you'll see that
and that is sponsored but oh my god
things that tank turns out I didn't put
the power socket in all the way is it in
and we good are we good are we good are
we good we are we are we are
holy that is a crisp looking
monitor I know this is gonna sound like
super rude but it's not I'm actually
kind of glad I smashed the ultra wide
curve screen because this look at the
size of it compared to my old monitor
I've switched out I can't get over how
beautiful this screen is like booked 444
Hertz have just pure pure beautifulness
when I get back I'm coming back pop G on
ultra on this bad boy holy crap this
looks nice like to say I got all dressed
up and smart but I'm just wearing the
same t-shirt jumper and a hat my hat has
been apprehended
oh man night god MLG MLG man like Gordon
my next question was how did you enjoy
last night actually was you've lost your
husband you've lost your husband default
now yeah you should've play with me just
then wait will you both have a birthday
pie in the chat kappa ouya we're playing
a you're inside a chord what did I say
Thank You Tommy watch it that's how my
sister literally communicates to me you
via my twitch chat because she knows I'm
reading that rather than my phone it's a
good it's a good way to get all the meal
I love it when a cow's mom comes in
attacked me I'm just saying like text in
a way she comes it blows me in the air
big gone never big on your mum's a
legend by the way who I would say wears
let's cook this first but he's not in
the chef's chef chef kitchen you're not
in the kitchen today you come for pork
that way I even know pork belly we're on
the menu I know it was good yeah what
this looks better that wasn't as you
cook that 9 out of 10 dough
no no it's not really good we're giving
it no I go hi my grandmother just
disappeared for like 15 minutes
and I came to the toilet to see where he
was and he's just left the toilet and oh
my god does it stink yeah grandad I know
why you were gone for so long it stinks
in there he walked into that toilet
 literally and walked out in
yeah mate it's look if it wasn't me
thanks guys
damn nice car
oh we're doing yeah I kind of messed
around for too long he left me behind
oh there is a Dean Corll going driving
past this is new house driving past is
new driving past do you get cold sores
only got herpes actually so it's
probably I got it from thanks mom
love you my granddad I love you I love
you love you Oh
see you there no defendant yeah just the
record I did not get a lift from the
grapes to here
we drove elsewhere to go and see the
house great let me in I actually look
really suspicious like I'm trying to
break into my own car which I'm not
doing and looking around like that
doesn't help anymore
it's actually a really really really
nice night and I don't want to go back
inside and stream just yeah I want to go
out and do something boss I don't know
what to do I'm still saying this right
now I absolutely love that wallpaper I
think it is absolutely amazing but I'm
gonna load up pop G for the first ever
time on this new monitor and see how it
runs
streaming geoguessr with my stream so if
you don't like geoguessr is is it like
that's what the logo looks like if you
search for however but basically you get
dropped in the middle of a Google Maps
and you've got like run around
everywhere like look to find signs as
clues or whatever so I look like this I
was like oh animal sign I wonder where I
could be now don't get me wrong I could
be very wrong but I'm gonna go with
Australia all right but we're in
Australia
it said beach I'm gonna go with self
Australia
whoo I go I'm gonna go you don't have to
be like exact but you gotta try be close
as possible I'm gonna go with down here
somewhere
make a guess continue oh okay I guessed
right so it was Australia but I guessed
one side of Australia it turns out is on
the other side
I was only a whopping 1,700 miles away
from the destination you know I told you
about the back of my screen being all
white and sexy I just walked past it and
realized what it was doing chrome
everything I'm just gonna assume this
thing stays on all the time unless you
switch a switch because I'm pretty sure
my computer's off but it's still
spinning and how beautiful is that all
right you're about to have a shock and a
horror nice indicate regional share by
the way if you want one link in the
description but I got a haircut I know
that's a shot nice and trimmed I look so
God done tired and you're gonna find out
why in tomorrow's vlog I look so damn
tired son I'm exhausted there's a lot of
drama going down in tomorrow's vlog so
make sure you there six o'clock if I can
get it up on time because I don't
actually know which country I'm gonna be
in tomorrow like actually do not know
which country I will be in with that
said it's been one of their day that
those days that I'm gonna kick back with
the beer now it's quite sunny in England
so I'm gonna try and get a suntan for
the next hour or so see where life takes
me I make you sound like I'm about to
take like drugs and just got in a
massive trip but I just mean I'm gonna
sunbathe in the Sun and just relax for
yes I don't know I'm gonna be in
tomorrow's vlog we'll have to wait and
see I may be in England I may be in a
foreign country I may not I could be in
a completely different place but we'll
just have to see the way pans out okay
so on that bombshell I need you guys to
follow me on the following I need you to
follow me on Twitter at Pro Syndicate I
need you follow me on instagram at
syndicate and that's pretty much it I
only use Instagram and Twitter so you
guys want to follow me make sure you
follow me more importantly if you
haven't clicked subscribe to this
channel over the next seven days the
vlogs are gonna be interesting because
as you know I just said I don't know
which country I'm gonna be in that's why
I'm gonna be traveling I'm gonna be all
over the place things I'm gonna get
hella goddamn weird and we're just gonna
see how things go so make sure you click
that subscribe button
ding dong minification bell and i'll see
you guys tomorrow hopefully 6 p.m. if
there isn't a crazy time difference for
the next daily vlog and if I
I'm on time gonna vlog hopefully uh
everything starts to make more sense so
cheers to your face is much love Attis
arias
