see how are you doing my boy what you
doing you tended a big old poo back to
your usual antics of drowning crickets
yeah yeah yeah Friday already and you
know what this week has not been bad at
all you've never heard a baby fox
screaming pause this video open up a new
tab YouTube baby fox screaming oh my
lord to the point where I was ready to
go out with my flashlight torch sorry
I'm not from America eyes red spot with
my torch I'm going investigate and then
obviously Kyle reminded me baby Fox you
scream like there being absolutely
murdered if you didn't know that Fox you
scream like they've been absolutely
murdered now you do education with Tom I
do need to say I'm not sure whether it's
actually a baby fox that makes that
noise or it's the woman Fox you may have
just got false information
oh yeah so good news this potato haircut
might be coming to an end my bar but
he's back from France now I thought he'd
moved out there moved out there he's
moving out there soon and he's saying up
like her old school English barbers all
the way off in front and like some like
cute little villages well I thought we'd
forget some shit but he's gone out there
just to scope out the area before he
sets it off so he's back
so Michael who's the best in the world
keep playing some with angels slices on
this is savory Oh actually are you
telling me you don't want mr. Kipling
Venice Venezuelan swill Vinny Oh
beauties Venezuelan swells yo tell you
about pregnant just gonna come right out
today's the big day where's the big
boxes of all the t-shirts is this it is
it this is only one box of t-shirts
where the restless we've got another
office Wow
cynic original so big so expanding wow
wow wow inner talks of offices and stuff
like that we may have actually found
some information about a new place going
for sale in our local area this office
is about one minute walk away from my
house and is now a 20 minute drive away
from Alice's house and my mom's house
but if they move back local there'll be
one minute away from this office and
I'll be one minute away from the office
so there will be two min
way from each other oh yeah
oh we finished work on Fridays we can go
for beer but if we do find this new
office space coming for sale it's still
in our local area so it's only like a
minute and a half away so then we might
have an even bigger space which might
allow me to buy a go-kart and drive
around the car park all day the dream is
real hi guys welcome to Tom's
Kickstarter oh wait oh yeah guys this is
a new day so if you guys want to get the
run new syndicate regional shirt links
down the description it's on sale get
one now before they're all sold out yeah
I'm the new wrist buns available Oh have
a nice time in Sheffield yeah well done
with your news I'm so happy for you I'm
glad you're not having a baby but I'm
just are you doing babe no good ideas
it's fun because it's gonna get fired at
it and it's gonna look just like what if
I always had a baby what would you think
wait wait did you say Curtis or curses
do you think sittig original would chalk
oh it would be able to cope without ya
oh not much like the one nice thing
you've ever said on camera okay I'm
gonna go now I'm gonna take my limited
edition hog which is on sale soon right
always made a 90 with you when's my
birthday may the 4th 2013 I know you
watch that's a fake you got to you have
to make them up to lie to stall to
remember I is this part of the
conversation I think there's a word that
we have to burn in this building and it
is indeed the twat fuck around the
eyebrows see you eyebrows show your face
show your face show your face harassment
in the workplace they're out listen the
words like asserted the word mics
yes so like that is bad new massage Oh
God
look look she's smiling so much cuz
she's like oh my god I've never been
show this much attention on my kid from
my kids love me there you go mom cannot
hold with both hands the b-team
I know if it wasn't for me we wouldn't
be as close as we are okay that's just
weird
wait what was a terrible vlog what a
nice day I'm gonna go now
all right this bike gets washed all the
time so it looks like new but my shoes I
don't actually think I've washed them
once since I've had them the only time
to get cleaned is when it's raining
outside and then there's no more of them
bought I don't even want to I want to
sniffing wish me luck not that bad
self-cleaning shoes I'm hoping it's not
about to start raining again cuz it's
been beautiful all day it looks like
some gray ash cloud coming in go meet up
with the boys I have myself a Friday
ride
Brian come get the first-person view
angles has anyone been practicing for
the wall sets today wall sit challenge
you're doing it again fine by it
you're my your enemy no more now with me
cuz you smashed me last time you beat me
by a halt five seconds a bit longer you
weren't gonna beat Tom alright Antonius
in this way I might not I might not have
it the entire ride because you've got
the Althing vibe but that's great right
oh you really take care of this why
don't you look at that look at that
having bloody collection that gone what
do you think my stomach you look like
you're like a child's bike okay go
gee-whiz switch a bike day he's got a
bike hey I don't think yours is all
right for now actually I'm started to
call it all
they just my new toy
now yeah bro this is car flexing with
soy sauce
that's a nice one
you like that - oh hello
yeah we're manly riders those monthly
really good show
we found a weed stash boys a downer oh
shit no no job this is proper oh this is
proper nasty oh no I refused to get
stuck me this is like in the neverending
story
good Graham Oh foot down go this way
I'll get right boys afford a good you
going I'm probably documenting this
we're gonna smell like fermented us we
shall tree down
I told you no one's been down there in
ages it's still going where's your hole
oh my god what did you catch you on shit
we absolutely respect like local people
and farmers and everything but this
stuff does make me giggle
but please don't ride your product your
bike through this path section totally
cool dead nice so we won't like no
aggression no no but do we make you
laugh that this is all tire track this
cars cars come with you through
experience fumes inside the lake and
stuff like that
what's the worst that we're doing with a
pedal bike bike seriously someone
walking the dog dog shits they leave it
behind horses shit leave that behind and
then there's ours doing no harm in this
in the slightest but we said we're
allowed to get to the fence and jimbacca
farmer's field two bikes
watch Tony's bike before I give it back
to him one foot at a time
thanks guys
the doc just wishes he could jump in the
puddles well it's a pretty dope what an
old-ass bridge shopping trolley tree
this is beautiful absolutely beautiful
to Purcell's at the front gets out bike
over this as well where are they where
are they where are they hey this one
he's Mastan Bastian tell me you don't
like your Vilas shit yourself you shit
yourself a heart that you punch them
ripped open
winner winner chicken dinner
oh my fuckin ever that's what I'm talkin
about
I don't know why I ridin let you back in
and keep giving it up but I just really
I rely really makes me feel so much
better
no I'm not in a proper bright I'm
putting in the energy burning the energy
then I'm just like partying and I trick
even though it's a lot more fun it's
nice right an old bike around this time
it's not for money we decided that that
is gonna be an expensive twice a week
event so we're gonna do it again but
this time not for money just for pride
let's do it on this wall over here I can
already feel it oh but oh wait I'm
looking like I'm zip you like honestly
not today I'm a straight rider I can't
deny it you know me I can't deny it
Oh
48 seconds well what's the monitor must
panel what shaking all the legends is
shaken one minute
oh oh he's going do you know why I
didn't bother the pod I don't like to go
in on this Tony fuck off how many 2000
that mean is he selling summer oh I
think he sat on the wall I actually
think he sat on the wall like with it
right you just hit the 2-minute mark
this is now a record Oh Tony's out two
minute ten right between 10 and Graham
oh wait you know Tony lasted so long
he's on the electric bike go on once see
42.5 yack zoom in on 10 Ken's be
wobbling 253 minutes on the dot
five seconds to Ken holy shit three
minutes 11 well done holy shit next time
the next week next week we're gonna try
and do the playing so this is a good one
if you--if you want to give us a
challenge to try and do it the pole
that's not to life dangerous leave it in
the comments down below yeah yes you can
down the pi the quickest rejection a win
Tony I can't drink hold it can I get a
meal to go please
and I'll pay for it this time but well
you're gonna cook make fancy prawns
chicken and bacon
I want you to make it was your first
taste of a Guinness yeah okay taste it
too always slow down you'd be going down
this channel you frying today so comes
good way I win well you don't need
before I knew only likes get the shower
she went I was probably 10 down actually
I'll take you some identities them and
I'll say okay so sits in the chair the
city of these students is to say there's
no way I can like cope with the gas
that's taste of them not a problem
we've got this new system now you know
you just blow into this bag and you you
know you saw it I didn't already met Sam
I thought you know I know evil it so the
next thing you know I'm sat in this
chair like your oh wow for them that's a
little uncanny yeah I mean no as I'm sat
in this chair it's a mistake it's he's
baaack on buckling behind me and when I
went back did all the coming up me with
these gas bottles again with this muffs
I went no way O'Connell and fill out the
chair run out run down the code of
straight out straight across the road
and jump to the boss mr. temple for
lunch at Piccadilly monkeys do as a kid
it was that fucking right right so you
don't like the denim no idea I'm saying
like he got scared when he was younger
the fucking we done is terrible
I'd rather get paid to get knocked the
fuck out and wake up with new teeth last
time with me name went on epistemology
and it cost me too
what did you do crack shot on the
knowledge I have a story to tell you
that I don't actually think I told the
blog did you remember I went to Scotland
I met that Lindsay the Scottish bird she
was at the pop quiz and she was like
drunk out of face from caliphates the
way well good Scottish legend Lindsay
relevant pieces she tried to crack a
beer okay I know this sounds like super
stupid book but others can like I can
write down it ah ha ha ha well I'm used
to writing down things not up steps
right up them steps and don't mess up
this time
I know it seems so simple but I don't
understand how you do that cuz I don't
think I can truly he's gonna say right
bastard
I like that Verne - how much I'm gonna
have a go of this shit you don't need to
be put in for this to the record I don't
ride up steps and write down steps but
I've never rode I don't get the concept
of this oh he's doing it he's doing it a
lot look my toe looks great go see
Graham goes don't think with so much
momentum man I don't fucking understand
you're a wizard
oh all go on the speed the momentum
going on faster faster faster faster
faster
yeah you tried you're really you tried
you tried it you can get down it but you
can't get up it with great power comes
great responsibility
your home is right there just just
saying go on down it really it that's
definitely not really position but what
the fuck is that
come Parma ham and bits of bacon as well
as pepperoni is it good
we're all sweaty nice really really nice
that's not that's nice
oh yeah yo where's has made me chicken
bacon and prawn risotto oh my God thank
you so much me my mum like Wesley you
know the presentation because I kind of
rode home with its side or his paw
that's what yeah that's why it's off to
the left well I walked into the kitchen
and said where's I want chicken bacon
and prawn which doesn't go together and
he was like that's all I gave him he was
like do like Rizzo
yes hooked me up fatty style Stephen is
a friend of mine I will always support
everything he has ever done and you know
I will support even more than anything
it's good fucking food and you know what
my friend is it good fucking chef so
where's the B thank you for the meal my
bro my boy ways you know I'm doing you
good right now like seriously I play it
the oh so good if that came out for you
to eat you would shit yourself because
spoiler I had to like clean off the
plate with a blue tissue roll just make
it look good
hence why it looks so professional oh I
did like eat better the sauce already
before I try it now for you guys oh my
god it's so fucking good I'm gonna try
it for the first time ever so they're
prawn covered in bacon I actually cannot
control the fact that my mouth is
salivating so much in resolve Wow this
very simple can good Barbara the fact
that when we were kids
you couldn't even cook a bacon sandwich
and now you can cook this together I
love you I'm gonna be ordering this
every single fucking day of the week so
I better get ready to give me that black
card because you know why I wanted out
free food probably gonna be considered
with a hot water by Deena if it's normal
or is it not
and is this glass gonna smash because
this is insanely hot wish me luck
that's pretty good mmm-hmm smashed out a
four hour livestream recall and we might
another W it was absolutely amazing we
crushed all that to point where cows
neighbors text him say cow we need you
to shop and it was like one o'clock in
the morning and then we played one last
game and Kyle lost his temper it was
like scuba top of these boys and he was
like Tom I've got a golf now otherwise
when we get evicted from my house but
guys I have to end the vlog here thank
you very much for watching make sure
leave a like rating subscribe if you
haven't look that subscribe button click
it ding dong that notification bell and
new vlog every single day at 6 p.m. this
look may have actually gone up a little
bit later unfortunately because I'm I'm
just looking at the time and the like
all that saw stuff cuz the board the
vlog was well long today I didn't
realize that was gonna happen early it
like 24 minutes and 30 seconds below do
you but I do need to go now guys so
thank you very much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed it I do want to
ask the question you know like a lot of
you might not like biking or if there is
biking in the vlog like obviously a big
pile my lifestyle want to put it in my
vlog but what do you think of it can
give me a bit of feedback if it's thing
of light please just put music over it
but most the time it's like we're just
riding and it's just it's nothing too
crazy epic so I just put in the moments
like where we're slipping and sliding
I'll fall and I joking and laughing and
I fell that works best for it but you
guys got some feedback I really
appreciate it but with that said I'm
going I will be streaming tonight
twitch.tv for sure syndicate I'm not
sure what time so if you don't follow me
on twitter follow me at pro syndicate
okay I'm like a banana larger search a
pro syndicate I'll tweet out what I'm
streaming and I may be streaming with
Carl again so if you want to watch be
there or be square so much love starting
us
