hmm approximately ten minutes ago I
received a text message from my sister
say she'll be here any minute
those entire minutes later she's still
not here it's a Tuesday I am and I am
attempting to rush to the train station
to bang off over to Liverpool to get
myself a new passport to let me fly to
LA today yeah it's not gonna work my
flights at 11:30 in the afternoon if by
some wizardry I managed to get through
the pool get my passport get back get to
the airport I could do it ain't
happening especially not up Luna
fallacies running mate Pierre sighs
thank you for the word sir I appreciate
documentation or passport Alice gray
well you were on your way rounded 15
minutes ago Joe you have two minutes
away what were you doing this traffic
areas determining that we're not going
to be able to do this and okay we're
doing a 6-point turn the traffic was too
bad we made it three feet and we're
turning around and i'm giad rattling
thank you dropping me off at Liverpool
Alice appreciate it not gonna lie when
it got to 10 past 8:00 and ours wasn't
here already I was a bit like
the traffic is gonna be that bad as it
is already the fact that we're setting
off this much later isn't gonna work out
too good for us so we're getting in the
drive we could take where's cowboy
didn't leave the keys damn it sweet hour
and a half later nice to find myself
some parking no it didn't every now and
how to find parking it'll be now and
have to get to Liverpool but I got it
here and I believe I'm in the right
place and how to know I'm definitely in
the right place everyone's walking
around with these little white envelopes
filled with all the documentation so I'm
not sure I've ever been to Liverpool and
the weather's actually been nice it's
always just radium oh by the way this
world needs me Her Majesty's passport
office mm-hmm
and just like that I've got my new
application it's in the works it says
fistrick service reference and your
passport will be sent to you within one
week if not sooner I would also like to
say that the woman who served me was
like super chill super funny she was
like to be honest love it's dead quiet
at the moment so you'll get it fastest
and I was like whoa passport lady she
was dropping f-bombs for phone book
either way it's all going ahead so don't
forget my passport within maybe a few
days okay
it is officially mmm a lovely o'clock in
Liverpool right now I don't want to do I
could just set up home if I wanted to do
because I've actually been to Liverpool
before and I say that in a sense like
I've done the Beatle things I've done
the walking around the docks and
everything like that so a bit like I
don't know what to do I googled it and
most of the other things like go to like
a football museum or a football like
stadium as a mother I don't like I don't
really care about doing that sort of
thing for football if Cowell was here
sure for I don't know what to do so I
tweeted out what should I do and
everyone from Liverpool was like do some
spiced sauce and heroin and I'm like no
pass on that so and now just kind of
looking for things to do again like I
said a filmer I've done the Beatles tour
I've done like the front dock section so
I kind of need some like not so touristy
cool things to do my mom suggested going
out on one of them red bus things and
drive around your crank power of being
social it's raining bought just got
amazing recommendation the lady in
Starbucks said there's a terracotta army
exhibition on at one of the museum's may
be sought out but I now come to this
city it's just really always resident
but hey we're gonna make the most of it
I've got my thought that no a lot a
large and we're gonna go find the willed
museum yeah not really a museum Goa for
terracotta army for that just Tom being
a tourist that's a dope up look at it
it's just like it's no attached to
anything it's just a random put on the
corner I like it like it a lot and just
saying this now I think I would have
liked to have like mmm potentially maybe
could've done could still do stay in a
hotel overnight I think I stayed in a
hotel I could go into like all these
like cool underground bars I'll go in
there for a beer or some part I know
it's kind of like 11 o'clock in
afternoon into elephant drinking book I
just like under aroused I love is you
know hey not too sure what the deal is
with that thing about pretty sure it's
banana duck banana duck banana she is
the daughter she I could really do with
and again this all determines as to
whether or not there's any tickets
available to me to go and look inside so
where do you live a pool that is a nice
ass building provides the get excited
China's first emperor and the Terracotta
Warriors Oh
much like it's really cool I look a
little bit agent like mythology and
stuff are that the reason why I'm not so
excited is I've been to Egypt I've
actually seen to to Cameroon's
tuned yeah I take that and yeah you know
been there done that got the t-shirt
didn't actually get a t-shirt what kind
of photo
I'm not joking did she just said she got
her boss to come here and see it for
there's not two years available he said
you shoulda bought it online which is
known a computer so if you guessing I'm
gonna speak but no joke seriously I'm
gonna try and harness my inner ali allah
for - let's do this terrifying and I
think I'm right in saying this is where
they're doing ticket check it looks like
all I'm seeing today as much as I love
Egypt I want to go back there again
and see the value of the King's book
casinos before mmm even after all those
years those new Peas is that mummy room
of the day oh I hate gosh I was just
like I'm gonna have to I've been
Liverpool for one day and I want to see
the Terrica around me so bad I just
spoke to Nicola at the front desk and I
just explained to like I do YouTube and
I'm just dying to see it like I'd love
to showcase it of what she said to me
you can't film it which was like totally
fine but she said you're allowed to take
photos and I'm like I'd love to just
even going for two seconds just to see
in person can take a bowl of it and then
showcase it in the vlog do you guys and
she was like I'll have to speak this one
she ran through two like the head of
media are all socially Weber and it gave
her permission to go in and okay it
actually worked out Andrew it's an
absolute legend he's gonna walk around
so again I'm not allowed to film
anything out but I can take photos and
then I'd be like I spire and put it in
the blog like that so great success
I'm sure as you guys could gather in the
museum you're not hard to film video so
they let me walk around so this is where
I said to Byron Byron we're gonna do
this they let me take photos so here was
a photo of world enterica army statues
very nice yes I don't amazing right and
then here was another one of them if I
was to tell you some history about it
real quick whilst the Byron's making
these pictures of pear um basically this
Emperor was like since he was like 13 14
was like when I'm gonna die I want to
basically take everything with me to the
afterlife so he they recreated
everything from balls to bronze gooses
to coin making equipment to weapons to
the army to servants and to every degree
that he could ever want in the afterlife
he built offices he put everything in
these temples it's crazy to read about
that's why I was so interested in it and
then when he done it for every single
person he'd ever I don't have been
friends with but I'd ever slept with
women wise who didn't have a kid was
murdered and then buried in the chamber
with him all the people that works on
building the temple like the decorators
appears that any sculptures anyone was
also all murdered and put in the mass
temple here's another picture of one of
the Terracotta Army statues very cool I
know every single one of these turncoat
statue army where people were made by
hand
and well obviously there was no machines
back and there's another one over here
Baron liked in his job at you amazing
amazing but the crazy thing is this one
able over it as it was made by hand the
cool thing about it was is they were all
made uniquely they weren't made with
like a mold or something like that they
were all individually hand made unique
to themselves and they were even painted
individually themselves so each one was
painted but as soon as the air got into
the tomb they left saw the painting
clothes off him so he's such a toe cut
around me with pain you'll see some
other pictures but there you go and then
I don't know if there's any more bio and
if there's any more just you know it
bears one and then give it a second then
there's another one there's another one
there's another one another this is a
group full of all of them I know pretty
cool that's like as many as I could
catch him one little photo and then uh
here's me taking a selfie with him so
yeah wunderbar did this if you did buyer
in your legend if not good W boat I'm
saying this right now never ever been on
a private museum tour Andrew absolutely
she's just broke so is this like almost
like an exact replica I'm gonna knock it
cuz he knocked it so was it what's it
made out of terracotta what is
terracotta what clay it's a glorified
hood it's a glorified bumper just a
record this is a replica you can buy for
fifteen hundred quid I'm not just being
disrespectful in torture one oh my god
that was so cool that was absolutely so
damn cool can't thank Nicola on the
information desk enough or Andrew for
the private or amazing accepted open
Sapporo Japan yaki open its sushi
yesterday today I'm gonna try and get it
I found him dozen of those banana things
sushi lamb
what on earth is going on with these
things I was not aware of this but
apparently there's one of these in
Manchester Liverpool Manchester Glasgow
I had no idea but yeah I'm the only
person in his entire restaurant probably
cuz one o'clock in the afternoon
everyone's at work for it ain't stopping
me from getting sushi so what are we
having a Manchester roll in slices of
smoked swordfish Lancashire cheese kara
and grub me okay and there's a Liverpool
roll in slices of smoked salmon with
cream cheese and rice okay I don't think
you can go wrong with a chef's selection
so I'm gonna offer a nine piece chef
selection say we're onto a winner so
damn hungry and this is a pretty good
mix chef selection not even sure what
I've got but I'm gonna nom it down first
please god damn I'm actually saying this
right now the food is nice there's just
no moisture in anything like look how
dry that is I can touch it it's that dry
over then it being very dry lovely
jubbly
we've kind of already seen this one
before but why is this one ah the
plaques been stolen it looks like is a
lamb made up of alums I'm not too sure
either either way time to walk straight
down to the ocean and then I'm gonna
walk from the ocean on the docks and
then from the docks to be care because
I've looked around at what I can do in
Liverpool like Auckland I really enjoyed
going on the museum there's like some
tall sort of thing you can go look at
but it genuinely doesn't look that
interesting I was only really interested
in the Terracotta yeah thing bought that
said I've got a good day came here got
what I needed to do add some food saw
the statues and now I can think I can
nurse at home before I get like a
traffic video City Tower or something
but do is not that bothered
yeah them getting a bit nicer so I could
probably see a bit more of a wide range
book
yeah that's your bothered about going
over radio Sita it's not am I
bucket list of things to do in Liverpool
mm-hmm
Joe could not go into a strip club or
buildings her own check that out the
architecture in Liverpool he's crazy
like there's so many like bars and
restaurants I just like cool and quirky
then work it up a taxi rank mate what's
like ghostbusters for a better culture
the Liverpool sailors home gateway okay
okay okay we got I got some titties just
got speaking some fans abundant into
like what the hell you do any loophole
syndicate I was just like that my
passport started out I'm walking around
to a shopping precinct of some sort and
rich I really need to tie them so let's
take care of business I so wish I was on
a night out tonight drinking cuz there's
a being pilloried on my favorite places
to drink it that used to be a Manchester
in the bottom of the pool I've done some
things bought do you have to get home I
have to edit today's vlog Hamas will
just head off home now beat the traffic
and be started for the rest of this a
little cool
you agreed oh and before any wearing
little pills like Tommy she called it's
like a sectional rare the doc I do it
I've been there before I've been on
hello wrong something's gonna change but
I've already seen it shots and quirky
think that I'm done I've seen way too
many YouTube videos justify that going
wrong oh god I love it
dripping with just culture and histories
hey it's gorgeous and without even
needing Google Maps boom my way back to
the cab
let's find out is how much did my
parking cost me let's take a look so
it's gone for maybe three hours and 50
jesus slowly
eight pound fifty damn
tactical parking no one can hit me from
that side with the door however Jesus on
a tits pancake Dave how close did you
wanna park have you been smacked as heat
what it was no okay just really close
just say this right now I don't know how
I did it but the entire like
hour-and-a-half journey back from
Liverpool then I needed the toilet the
entire way so for a four hour and a half
as a grown-ass man I felt it so major
regulars like I'm streaming for tonight
on PC and trying to get good at it it's
not working out too well bought usually
on chat on YouTube they're all like fake
houses apart but that's the official
fortnight that just tuned didn't said PC
is had a Tom yeah really is that just
got roasted by far tonight yeah no joke
I'm absolutely obsessed with this series
and I want this vlog to end at four
minutes twenty one song at the end today
if you do thanks what you make sure
we've liked her and subscribe and
someone send help
I'm addicted one job one to cut that job
to not burn the house that money pussy
if you wanna hear oh by someone what you
cook it so we're gonna have a chicken
breast with pesto inside there wraps you
power half we've ended an eventful day
on to the Bell what was the one thing I
didn't expect to get in the post a bag
full of God Wow
passionate protection your passion
Thanks
stop doing it is it simple don't burn
the food Jesus have never had a fire
alarm go off so many goddamn times we
have to open the window you're not
cooking again we're going to Dan dough's
I need fresh yeah not because my house
is burning down but just cause me is
ringing wow that was loud
you can't pick you up understood every
town right and all of a sudden I get a
text on my phone off ali-a and he says
so oh god what's this gonna what's this
gonna eat it and then his next text says
how far into Gossip Girl are you i
season two
oh my god I tell you silver eye I just
put out today's vlog Bri might listen I
genuinely did nothing all day well no
it's not one of them case where I didn't
open I did things all right went outside
long passed ball but the second half of
the day I didn't do anything so just sat
watching Gossip Girl all day and I'm
like eight episodes into it and it's
addictive itself and I was like oh my
god I'm gonna get chewed a lot for this
but tomorrow ali-a much to watch the
video and just god I do I too much
Gossip Girl hey I just told Carol's I I
have to come clean my addiction is
Gossip Girl it's just so good alright
but the thing is I don't know how many
seasons are I'm hoping there's like
maybe three or some like that so that
it's not like I'm a waste my life away
because oh my god I got addicted to the
office at one stage and I've watched the
entire set like seasons of the office
back to back to back to back to back and
I swear throughout every free moment in
the day all you're doing is watching
Netflix you don't actually get shit done
it's Bobby
oh really all the actual work is work
get addicted to a TV show it's worth to
get addicted to that than it is like a
video game or something so yeah binge
watching man dangerous also if you want
to check out Gossip Girl highly
recommend it mmm cow looks good apart
from a plant listen leaves fell on my
plate and do anything I'm just adding
protein I have some uh thanks okay don't
do that a lot of pesto that my friend
blood yeah blood yeah but it's a lot of
pastime Cheers touch tips on me be
rating out of 10 I'm gonna be honest
and chicken with pesto and Parma ham
music quite nice the veggies quite nice
you definitely get the markdown for this
I don't know what you're playing out
with this you thought I was gonna read
this you know what I do you much really
like it but I don't clean like I'm gonna
go crazy say like I overly like I don't
like it so I'm giving you it I'm giving
you a seven it's very nice and I hope
that's not a mean score it's just
nothing slapping me in the face it's
very nice but not start rating my stakes
down just saying that's the weakest the
weakest the week it may I am a cordial
of strength that's all I'm saying you
give me a week cordial mouthwash you
might as well slap me around the face
she puts in a drinks I don't drink that
I don't like that you know why do you
try to give me a heart attack I can see
the booty nothing but card you're nuts
they do much better
you got a one out of 10 for your food
then think it was that bad mmm
make it a seven point one nice and thus
we say goodbye to the old iPhone and I
talked about maybe going back to because
I'm really not a fan of this front
camera on this one anymore it's freaking
me out it's too close too close hold it
like this and I don't like that you look
weird but in some fog I got a brewski
got Steve you ready to win the nobel
challenge mmm didn't work
not in the slightest four kills of
vodkas good game hey Joe it is though
you got a wig come here
victory Royale that's pretty ugly tree
and to be fair it's all the ashes hey
Jess
cheers mate teamwork dream work oh wait
we turn this into 69 a96 night wait we
can't I made of sick don't eat that
then keep out the full one oh wow talk
about playing your food huh we're doing
six stick not six
no no no the grossest look if someone
didn't know these were glazed they look
like the sweatiest please sponsor team
1996 none because we like your suede oh
my god I got that wood on camera just
drop these ass it's gonna stink up
estimate let's go all right see you
later mate bye now da-da-da-da-da-da
da-da-da-da-da-da I love you more I love
you ball okay bye now
okay
Biron confetti just a record Byron is
now back like my days were all over the
place a little bit in cuisine and then I
was like I didn't really feel much
simpler because my internet was so slow
to upload sometimes you couldn't take me
forever to get loaded but no because man
x-bike i can just film as much as I want
do whatever one because Byron I love you
just like that he's gone
Carlito is done I'm going straight
upstairs
streaming now if it wasn't enough
o'clock at night I would be tempted
proper proper tempted to stream try to
get to around a hundred on zombies but
it's gonna take like five hours now I
was thinking to do a Minecraft but they
can't be after in Minecraft so I want
you sure want to play hmm accident
stream anything and I didn't actually
play runescape for once instead I
watched Bowie play instead yeah
rather than play the games I'm watching
someone else do it so yeah now people
feel when they watch my gameplay videos
now I've been sat watch it is content
now if like twelve minutes out for 26
minute video and I'm not skipped it once
that's quite impressive to wrap things
up I have actually got some news for you
tomorrow about the passport already so
you'll hear about that in tomorrow's
vlog so I'm going to say thank you for
watching
Liverpool was awesome I bumped into a
bunch of people whilst I was walking
around they're like I think I was really
close like the universe isn't stuff when
I was going to like the food and stuff
like that and I just saw everyone
everywhere they were like saying hello
got some vote was everyone sort of a
diplomat you Busta's in loop it was an
absolute pleasure and again like I said
I would say a massive shout out to the
museum honestly absolutely incredible I
think it was called the world museum if
you guys want to go there between now
and October 28th is when they've got the
Terracotta I'm there if you do want to
get your tickets to be able to like go
and check it out then I would say book
in advance and go and see it really cool
really worth it unless you're gonna go
all the way you know to like where they
actually found the burial site to
actually uncover it and look it up
yourself I would suggest going over
there and check it out because they only
ever lend out ten of the Terracotta Army
statues out of like the thousands that
there are ever at once so if you want to
see them now's your chance to see it and
it was a really cool thing I'm really
glad that sorry so don't forget go and
check out that Museum in Liverpool if
you want to go and see it I think I want
to call it the world museum but I could
be wrong
nope I was right the world museum I mean
that said a massive shout out to Andrew
thank you for giving me a tour my I
really appreciate and the staff there
was super cool super awesome I bumped
into some fans he was staff there
working as well I went around on the
radio like yeah there's a youtuber
getting a little tour going round I
think they were like wait which youtuber
is it said syndicate it was like oh you
were used to achieve videos and I
thought what a small damn world so
honestly amazing day panned out epically
hopeful I'll let you guys know about the
possible thing tomorrow because I'm
waiting for one more piece of
information from him before I can say
anything and we'll see how things go so
thank you for watching today's vlog make
sure you leave a like rate subscribe and
I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for
the Dex daily vlog oh where
Byron's back Byron is actually back I've
got all my country like edit in Dorne
Byron's back abode so Byron Olivia of
Mischa um I'm just so sorry I should
never let you go the the moment Byron
disappeared the vlogs will lay every day
for like a week so I'm really sorry
about that guys but buyer is back so
who's all make sure you leave letter
like going subscribe this er D cross
