came like a nice day in England today no
rain that's a positive and in a world of
disappointment I hardly got any sleep
last night I kind of had food poisoning
and I woke up with a cold saw so we're
really we're really off to a good start
today I'm just such a good stuff it's
now time to find out whether or not my
dad
has killed my PC because apparently flip
the switch and he heard it go
but yes rudely interrupting Tom again I
am streaming tonight twitch.tv for
session to get 7:00 p.m. fortnight
zombies all sorts be there be square I
don't know
please turn on oh my god one would have
been an even worse start to the day
my dad's killed my new PC no no no is
that you get motivating to start your
day get a video rendered immediately
lordy hell 10 gigabyte download for four
night is is this the new map Joel can't
get over how fastest pc renders this is
like a 30 minute pub gee full 1080p
60fps video rendering out in like 16
minutes and they have discovered
something that's gonna change kind of my
life my name's Steven this is a squad
goals of vehicles if I've ever seen it
out ett defender Ken's camper oh yeah
when I go to edit my vlog I have to take
all the footage off my phone using just
a standard cable taking the date off my
phone could take anywhere between 20
minutes to 40 minutes but I think I've
found a cable that's gonna let me do it
a million times faster so let's go get
it now I've reserved this cable online
and it should be in stock in this
carries PC world that I'm going to but
from an experience that still doesn't
mean they have in stock what did I say I
swear to god I do love the stuff they
brought it waste of fucking time I did
click and Collect and it was supposed to
be behind the counter
was it there nope they don't even have
it in stock even though it said it was
reservable online and I've got an email
confirmation of it this is where I have
to hope that this is the cable after ah
even I got a display admit but in the
positive news as to what's happened Cal
is across the road so we're going
getting endows Cal and allies might be
selling their house just say
knock on wood and in between them sign a
house and moving into a new one about
have the movie movie dude the season
turning couldn't sleep I was like I need
to find like a proper jewelers partner
and I did actually genuine forget a
calzone PlayStation and he's got it set
up I'm gonna add him tonight and this is
gonna be our first time playing you've
gone well you probably can and then
tonight we'll scream together all right
let me mind it's a bit I refuse to give
up on this mission to find this cable to
the point I've drove to the Trevor
dinner to go to the Apple store to see
if they got it and out of principle
defiance I've not even checked in online
to see if they have stock I know they
have they definitely will have it and
I'm gonna collect it I think oh my god
is it busy for that it's example Anya I
don't need no next day delivery I'm a
same day kind of guy if this weather
could make its mind up between rain and
Sun bet it'd be that'd be great
free space available free space
available the fender is leaving now for
the moment of truth there you go and it
goes now to try and find out if I now
plug this in how quickly how quickly
about the four vlog array you know ran
the Reno and mmm four o'clock I should
hopefully get this on time that cable
that I bought you know all that stress
that put myself through to go and get it
I want to say it probably doesn't even
do anything faster I really thought it
would USB C is such a fast way to
transfer date and all sorts of stuff but
like you know like charging phones and
everything but I thought it was gonna be
like a hundred times faster like
withdrawing my footage off but it really
really doesn't seem like that however I
think the only fair thing to do is say
if I record like a ten minute clip on my
phone or something like that like you
know 4k 60fps and just leave it filming
something I'm sorry just leave it
filming something away and then transfer
off my phone using the USB see like one
attempt to see how long that takes
and then delete off my computer after
you know I know how long it takes switch
to the other cable like the old-school
cable that everyone uses and then
transfer it that way and see if it makes
a major difference and that way we've
got fair test pardon for my next trick
is done if this phone falls from here
it's definitely smashing but for my next
trick I've got to do a sponsored post on
my Instagram for LG I like they would
like just take a picture of the screen
like post it on there and I was like
well that's just a bit boring just doing
that so I'm gonna do and I'm gonna put
my monitor on the bonnet or the defender
to take a photo of it so it looks just
like more of a beefcake a light picture
I will admit that a bit sad because you
can see the bump is still sticking out
cuz it's not being replaced yet so on
the phone everyone's gonna be like oh
nice screen but nice bumper hope he
doesn't ring off and try to do this cuz
that'll be another monitor I've broken
this model it's kind of different from
the last one I like bro if you didn't
know I supposed to be responsive screen
for LG with the monitor like it'd be an
ultra wide screen and if we can be like
dad picking it awesome but unfortunately
I dropped the screen kind of cause of
the cats and I smashed the screen
so I had to like ring LG and be like at
the very last minute before I start this
room was like there okay sorry so this
is like my make good with LG that he's
not actually the same monitor had last
time like look at the size of that like
I've never seen that on the back of them
on it before like if I compared that to
the other one they're completely
different and now I actually understand
why do this it's just straight I thought
it
I thought they'd sent me a curved one
I'm an idiot
I thought it was one of the ultra wide
ones that they sent me again and that's
why I was like I've already taken a boat
of the ultra wide one in my office like
it's just the same old picture let's do
it a bit different but it's a bloody
different monitor how to guarantee again
a vlog award on time I can't believe how
busy it was at the show to the point
where look how busy it's been over the
weekend at Cindy coverage oh she's
having a Mudder every Wednesday that all
these are always being shipped out
worldwide you're killing the game Alice
you're killing the game yeah mum you're
also doing really good really good well
done well done
thank God I took that photo when I took
that photo oh it's absolutely choking it
down now look at it going down the road
where you doing God what you do oh there
you go now talk about someone else put
all the attention you beautiful flat cap
I'm not miss your fluff whilst I've been
away ever I almost forgot we're doing
this book
we're finally me and Tom going down the
bunker
once these poisonous gas is down there
I'm ready let's go let's go this weather
oh don't be down there this is gonna be
the reason of the outbreak
oh that finally yet is apparently a
little girl or something got run over on
this road like hundreds of years ago and
her ghost haunts the people who live up
in the top like apartments are there but
the think the biggest bear we were
saying about going down here is that
someone could close the lid on us yeah
we are not risking in this light is
being trapped down there a bunch in that
youtuber dies down down man who'll so
just for context and for reference to
everyone who was wondering what's going
on this is like a place called like
Werner flow on Facebook these these
photostat going around and going a bit
viral like it's viral in our local area
at like 10 shares but and some some guy
came up and noticed that the lock had
been broke on this thing that he'd
spotted a few times and it is had to
look up and his his satellite has gone
underneath it so he went down and took
some photos and it's like an old like
evil world war 1 2 or Cold War bunker
down it everyone's been demanding we do
this so we're doing it this is the
bunker this is it I don't know whether
you know I don't know if I don't cook a
lock or it just kind of like came loose
with the weather cuz like it doesn't
like any like damages done to it but
this lets up
No hello is there anybody down there
boy it was nice it was nice yeah hello
I'm not go beat on this ketchup fuck is
someone living down there hello tall
make it's tiny it's literally one
doorway unless that goes through to
something hello
I thought it was like five rooms telling
you it's a temperature gauge how gherkin
is well it's definitely not the hole
there's a Heinz ketchup bucket here this
violence is where the toilet is there
another another room that we don't know
about
oh that might be that might be the
toilet this is so weird
and someone must have done it because
look the AC oxygen like for the oxygen
pipe there's a fresh pipe in it that's
not that's not old right
the roof one when was this made into how
is made may that's making that is
probably a concern was taken about
someone was gonna take it with us
Chris be good I will say I'm glad we
came down Bob will say I'm very
disappointed if not more than one room
breed line cream so with that that's
just there as well or dropped it I might
be found there's a secret door like we
move something in it like there's an
escape route
I said that's the better name that's a
bad the bedframe toilet book what I'm
confused about right now is I don't see
any pipe work for the toilet oh yeah
that's the drain
Oh watch me get that body down here by
doing this watch don't know how deep it
goes either this is where in the movies
oh that's cool it'll be a very long life
down here one in it wrong I know you got
to do what's gotta be done boy looks
quite deep and why would it be there but
I really can't tell how deep that is I
could definitely say yeah glad we came
down go ahead it was only one room on
the pictures the way the guy took the
photos it made it look like there's like
five rooms or something
hello all these people like walking
Buster's gonna be like these guys just
been like see the pipe the pipe inside
it's too modern I reckon there's another
I can't believe that that is the other
one I reckon they built this before the
cardfight was there cuz I think are
vacant I reckon there's more in this
area me as to whereabouts we don't know
Tom's now hilariously lost his keys
somewhere
hello keys hello yep we weren't scared
what you're about you mate you made an
exploration review it was expecting more
rooms Oh are they going to explore I
think ah I thought they were gonna go
exploring go down so he can put the lid
on I from the Falls expected like five
rooms the guy's fault it was made it
obviously was his angles yeah but he
made it look massive but there was loads
to explore a cloakroom in a main room I
don't mean suddenly there was no hole in
the ground for that art was but there
was an actual toilet lid if anyone's got
any suggestions of ones we can go check
out or know of any in their area yeah we
can like Google Maps or some Italy it's
not too far away from like Manchester
we're down to us what would you give it
out a 10 I'd probably say five six six
as your first one yeah I
as a genuine like Explorer of you thing
that is so cool that it's been there in
my local village my entire life and I
never knew about it right did you know
about it right so I'd say that gets
bonus points for that but then for it
being this point I'm gonna give it a
five for our first exploration yeah and
our 10 for company five out of ten for
exploration
have you got our food huh did it cooked
yet is it done oh it's almost done
thanks Wes I'll take my bird forget and
go you know bleah
oh god what what can't he's giving it me
Febreze about 15 I'm not offered to pay
just for the record - you bastard down
there is there like take it off me
friends can I take you to a mashed
potato as well well went Robin Hood
mimicking Chibs ever and for the record
I expect you to actually make the card
that Eva says like Cindy couldn't honor
this somewhere and I get to get free
food like I said it insomnia there's a
new mod in my twitch app and it's Chinon
brother when she subscribed her name
made me laugh so much I always sorry in
the chat she's been so amazing so
helpful to my chart that I did indeed go
ahead and mater I want to try and see if
we can catch a reaction a cat emoji okay
I'm actually streaming some black ops 3
zombies if it if it works but more
importantly I need to shout out to mud
mix thank you very much subscribe three
months bro name your Zack Lee Santa
ninja Brooksie with a five month sorry
son in each of the five months Brooksie
hex creed Bartman Alexia Beck thank you
very much - subscribing Jack advance
potato five months winter falcon with a
dreamers Mysterio Mysterio steal things
coming Viking I didn't legend with a
twitch baby and ek that you are
subscribing right
we've hit or what wait where's my train
it says so DuBose ago boom lucky first
congratulations my friend you would you
sell a free t-shirt so now it was like
the best dream ever because I played not
only ecology zombies which everyone was
stoked about a play fortnight and that
was epic but I play fortnight with cow
Roland well you feel ecstatic
absolutely I need to
the full full thing to my gaming channel
so as soon as it's live I'll put a link
in the description of the vlog and if
you're watching this would be like Tom I
only thought you're a vlogger I do
actually have a gaming channel I know it
seems a bit backwards because it has
like 9 million subscribers but if you
don't have a gaming channel
linkie description go subscribe to the
channels too when this video drops
they'll get a notification of it but it
was like one of the funniest like gaming
sessions I've ever had in my life and I
absolutely love the fact that my play we
Cal took us a while to get set up and
stuff like that we had a few like audio
problems but we got it going and oh my
god was it amazing so I've got that
video uploaded but then on top of that
I've got a brand new college Yui custom
zombie video coming out as well cuz I've
been talking about and everyone was so
stoked to fight that I'm back playing
zombies and it's like a 55 minute video
so I'm gonna render it and I have no
idea how long this is gonna take s 28
minutes I'll take that in a heartbeat
then on this side I've got downloaded
loaded new custom zombie match which is
like 6 gigs so that's gonna take like 5
hours and then also the fact that I just
got a nosebleed tube oh my stood up so
that's a great sign I'm not dying vlogs
that it is a beautiful day in England so
I'm gonna try and get off my motorbike
with the GoPro on it as looking like a
potato what else would you expect guys
thank you very much for tuning make sure
you leave a like rating if you're not
subscribed Click the SUBSCRIBE button
click the dong dong dong ding dong dong
bell notification thing next to it make
sure it's ringing make sure you're
getting notifications you guys get see
the vlog at 6 p.m. every single day for
your faces until then thank you very
much for watching make sure you leave a
like rating subscribe and I'll see you
guys on Twitch tonight at 7 p.m. that
was I'll see you on Twitch at 7 p.m.
tonight and until then thanks for
watching much love was up to us
