this is how I started week right nothing
like a 20 minute swim naked to start
your day I literally was just so laid in
bed like honestly it's like she could go
on a bike ride to tire myself out I was
like what about how simple 10 o'clock in
the morning this is not usual in news
update I've had an update with my
internet got an email today saying that
they're going to start the work on
installing the Internet on the 9th of
this month which you might be like yeah
that's so close but it doesn't get
finished till the 23rd so I got like a
month away from internet that's sex this
is what keeps Steve warm so he can bask
bought as you can hear it's popped
actually I actually saw it happen when I
open it about him it's right bank so I'm
gonna do I think I pick up a gun dad if
he's in take him down as well to see all
the animals and stuff like that
get new bulb taking Starbucks for
breakfast get myself a coffee and then
start the day rude interruption to the
plug I am live stream on twitch.tv for
syndicate
tonight at 7:30 p.m. ish if you guys
aren't watching this before nice and
perky and maybe some ecology zombies so
make sure to check it out link of you
down below twitch on TV for said you
will you cooking yeah it off seen it
yeah look at the size of that thing
how cool is that and look at that
monster is that monitor you know what I
don't know what it is it looks like I'm
on it
it's called peaches Oh what is it
it is a monitor 10 full size of a
dinosaur just chilling hello my friend
look at it's like couple lookin at ya
it's so suspiciously
gonna taxi service right to your front
door
everyone at Starbucks is having like
medians and their tables together as
tomorrow look I'm a good that son he
didn't find a table to himself he went
and sat on the end of someone else's
table but I loved it I loved it
so you just fuck everything up and move
to like Australia or something where
it's warmer
how have you got gravy on your lips
there you go mate and you're yet don't
don't you fall all that yeah look after
yourself
Godspeed good look yeah we can make love
you buddy
having a lot today would be a good idea
to wake me open my eye doesn't even open
I'm pretty sure he's had the opposite
effect I feel even more tired that did
before I know me you must be absolutely
freezing in there but I've got it I got
you new one but the hell did you do to
that that the cricket well if you don't
do it Pulis on the fat bastard um total
Steven Haas won't sunlight sausage first
video of the day rendered out nicely
thank you very much
I know time for a better practice at a
bit fortnight status update on the
tightness still pretty tired first game
of the day oh you're gonna be back I can
tell you I am stupidly stupidly tired
this is the life fresh lean looking bike
let's see if I can make it to my dad's
house in time and not miss the ride more
importantly it looks like it's about to
rain and I definitely don't have a
watery coat on so we're going for
pudding
oh my god it's absolutely time to piss
it down oh my god say what come on
smoggy mere speck oh I left the house
we're cooking raining gotta be taking
the face get put in this house
literally walks out looking for this guy
when I'm probably gonna need my coat
praise be to Ken he had a spare water is
cold you saying you completely got rid
of your xbox why you're not fully Darya
I thought you were nice
I just hit my high is one two four six
yeah
why do bikes make this noise
these prickly pussies oh yeah feels
great
oh that's so good yeah these don't
bushes yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah you'll need to drive back down
there with me you're like a tiny
chainsaw just trim the bush
I got no grip for ya
didn't go edge supposed to jump it what
the heck
oh this one's making a bonfire oh no
this is the teepee yeah
someone's making a bonfire it's getting
slightly excited go on that side of this
on your doorstep
I'd like to get to good to get that
first I all eared cream for what he came
off the first that was yeah last time we
came out here was he frozen it's about
training for France
oh yeah getting prepared yeah we're so
ready for it
even I used to get off me oh yeah hey
yeah we'll see you
Lucille's just chilling when we're doing
this charge at the pub as well this
looks like a hell of an awesome place to
ride
come on Thea straight down it looks like
there's like a previous track there
something we should do that we should
stroke this out it's just too slippy oh
look you literally can't get any grip on
it in the slightest Kenya I'm doing is
that I was wrong I'm showing yeah so
don't press this says walk is this the
no press pause it fucking pushes itself
lazy man's bike your rubies make you up
there mate
oh no guys he's heavy carrying this bag
up the hill
well I've got to admit defeat tonight
I'm not naked I've got a right some of
the Michael I am absolutely huge dinner
that re batteries flop Wow where's it's
almost a night I mean a kiss
Susan a lot of this joint this is she in
issue but it was every night I needed to
genius tonight
please love to go leave me on my own I
can't carry this over there for me home
I really count I thought no one me
I feel a lot
if massive way I said dr. Tony look what
I signed up for but I don't appreciate
doing this it's cheating
well it's just it's just it felt me up
tonight the whole knuckle no
wrong you owe me wrong geometry not
enough sleep last night
yeah I'm only too dark
yeah you might prefer to be completing
your yard hey you moist 4:30 Vista ve
you know yet you just don't get every
water what you're pointing to this sorry
okay good shit and the winner is Chris
first one back bullshit this is like a
really weird thing but it's like we're
gonna do a stress position and whoever
can hold it the longest wins
it's a fiver buy-in that's the rule
fiber buy-in from all of us whoever can
do it the longest wins all the money to
the plane table who's not even Road
tonight is gonna make it happen
referee is Chris you're the ref right
you've got this and Ken who came up with
the entire idea
I'd say we're pretty good sometimes if
you like really good for your legs I
think I'm gonna disadvantage if I just
spread apart - straight no you don't so
oh wow fifty seconds 60 seconds oh my
god that hurts we'll watch I'm gonna
take that to be fair can I have a ride
so this is 60 seconds oh yeah oh they're
all looking pretty comfortable is your
technique that I don't know about that
Oh down to the two who can go the
longest this stress position
Tom's nut Rope Tom's don't roll that
road all night keep it going stressful
position
yeah dude one minute for all this shit
dude nearly two minutes two minutes on
the clock
you didn't even write it you just 135
question there's been a change in the
rules and we've decided through judge
Chris that it's riders oh yeah right
Tommy's disqualified from the
competition even though he would Graham
win so we're getting the cash together
congratulations on being the wait what
we call it what's the challenge the
squad is squad squat challenge time to
try some new I need some tongue cut suit
no no oh no no Lydia said bad things
about this beef you know what I might
try beef hmm
starting to not trust this wait why does
it look like a really evil face with a
mouth like look I mouth really starting
to dish Trustees beef flavored dummy
ramen right now an abrupt ending I made
the noodles when and got into my bedroom
and just a pasta I at them and just fell
asleep in my bed immediately so I'd love
to say I got a good night's sleep but I
really really didn't as you tell it
still got diagnosed into my eyes I'm
still exhausted but either I go in
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed the
biking videos because my dad rides with
a GoPro on I would just lie I might as
well like cut between him riding me
riding cuz I usually sit at the back of
the group so I can film most people
riding like no one I never get the I
never get the ability to show footage of
me actually riding but if I continue to
keep riding in front of my dad then you
actually get to see the angle that I'm
always trying to like get so I must
leave thank you for my dad for your
GoPro voyage definitely gonna try that
challenge again and I'm almost thinking
light like this quad squat challenge
like I'm thinking of there's a way to
turn that into like a charity thing I
know it sounds up but like you know
fiber buy-in someone like that to
actually compete you and all your mates
have got to see who can last the longest
with like someone revenue between your
friends and then the winner gets to take
like half the total part and the other
half light goes to the mill like motor
neuron disease
you know like wait
just keep your money I'm trying to think
of an idea like you know that ice bucket
challenge that kind of like goes viral
and see you can last the longest
and imagine if that you can make it go
kind of so viral in the essence of light
you know movie stars on sets filming
together do it I like football teams
I'll do it and see you can last the
longest out of like say you know
Manchester City Manchester United team
together and it's like the old put money
in and then they all donate like
together would be awesome if you're
watching this video and the subscribe
button says subscribe not subscribed
click the button subscribe and then
press that little bell and it should get
a little vibration symbol next to it
you're not only just subscribed you
ding-dong that notification bell and
you'll hopefully never miss a video so
thanks for watching make sure leave that
right and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next day vlog as per
usual I will be streaming tonight at
7:30 p.m. so if you guys want to watch
me livestream gonna play some for a nice
and pop G some all sorts maybe some
custom zombies actually that may be a
thing Twitter on TV for asar syndicate
League of a Down inscription
