somewhere in the sky a plane's waiting
for me and I can't get on that plane
because my passports not here
it's got rained in true story yeah
managed to not be able to go to the
passport office today which means like
genuinely truly I'm not gonna be going
to Los Angeles tomorrow so really
disappointed let myself down I should
have gotten it to it sooner but didn't
know exactly what day I was gonna be
traveling out and I knew you could do
like a 24-hour like emergency passport
pickup but that's only if your passports
run out not if it's been damaged or lost
but has been damaged or lost it can take
up to well a week to get so I'm gonna be
going to Liverpool tomorrow so replace
it but long story short I'm not going to
Los Angeles however what I do need to go
and do is an ET on getting the wit I
need to drive on down IED and hopefully
I look smart enough because I'm going to
take him a new passport part or which is
gonna be like my new passport photo for
like the next was it 10 20 years ever
passport anyway I've gotta go get money
passbook headshots done so maybe like
this yeah and I trimmed the beard a
little bit I know it doesn't look any
get better but couldn't go down there
and then tomorrow we are going to
Liverpool 7 o'clock in morning which is
gonna be brutal I went to bed at 7:00 am
i right
and then once you've done that we should
be good to get any possible under the
way so fingers crossed another day of
work Alice isn't she's got to Slattery's
okay this will do mmm lovely break thank
you
one hour no return ok I think that means
free parking for an hour or at least I
hope it does look I think it's quick
it's come here and get it done here then
it is to actually go on one of them
boobs and mess around with pressure just
like that photos taken international
drug dealing Tommy's back plain-jane
face I've got going here but you know
what that's all you need boom
no ticket we're on tour winner boys mum
mum went down today guy was supposed to
go to the post office which I was going
to do but my mum went down and did it
for me I started throwing in my passport
application form and the first thing
that I filled in straightaway she got to
us I'm wide yet so she was like in case
of mistake know you've just filled it in
wrong as well I'm replacing damage you
are
I think it was like I was gonna say is I
already went to fill in this one and
already take the wrong goddamn box on
the first question I look at my mom to
be like oh look at the way we brought a
spare one and she filled that one in
wrong as well I need to go down to the
post office and get another one the
convenience of living in a small village
I'm walking around with me documentation
now to go down to my accountants house
who literally was just down the road
from the office because I need to get
her to sign the back of the picture
which says I can confirm that this is
tom cassell and that he's just a normal
person and that I'm not a relationship
with her weirdly enough and she's not
really into me so then that way can
she's my countersignature person so
sorry now I am one step closer to a new
passport mom thank you for half of the
passport information we got what we
defend yeah it might not be right
remember I'll come get into my house
yesterday well guess what doing it again
I was going down to Manchester for sushi
but scratched out my sushi for the sushi
Chinese switch off because that's what
we're doing yeah I don't care about
sushi our salt suffered a large portion
yeah no joke I'm absolutely obsessed
with this series and I want this vlog to
end at 4 minutes 20 long so I got the
end today's video thanks what'd you make
sure we've liked her and subscribe and
someone send help I'm addicted
