starting today by getting our priorities
right children have not been wearing it
for the past term two weeks and
basically no links what and links go
it's 8 o'clock at night but a very lazy
day probably because I was out drinking
last night but at the same time I'm just
tired but I slept for like 11 hours so
that also makes no sense
you can stop judging me mister I'm a big
dragon I'm a fancies thing in the room
right now beautiful he is he's such a
nice color in it it's just so elegant
man like Steve's just chillin and that's
exactly what I'm doing right now I've
got 40 minutes to just relax and people
coming around it were pretty drinking
and we're going to Manchester cuz it's
Chris's birthday I just can't be asked
with a hangover in the morning what do
you think
Steve's just being a lazy bastard and so
bye I've got me and Rob skins grant
gathering the the preacher I forgot the
boss hours god dammit how's your night
going mate what you like here we see a
ginger attempt to use the ice machine
how's it going it doesn't look very well
and by the way I can only apologize for
the latest house party ever right now
none of my system works the Sonos
doesn't work so we're literally
listening out someone's phone oh wait I
mean I didn't picture we mate which we
make the volume louder watch me okay
oh you've got one of the big ones Robbo
managed to mix what two gyms in tango
orange the ginger ninja smells amazing
I'll take one I felt bad about the
speaker's not working so I decided to
drown out your ears with alcohol which
shot glass would you like got a
selection a TT glass from South Africa
Island England Scotland Paris New
Zealand Gran Canaria England Amsterdam
our Tenerife you were like an angry
Scottish guy so you can have Scottish
oh yeah in German wait well wait where's
Julian don't even have German it was it
it was it
okay I can see who it is or is it is he
outside he's got a scar hello oh you
shorty devil hello there my friend
how is she quicker
whoo ladies and gentlemen Tom maqams got
a new Beast
look at her Oh mate oh look at the
wheels oh the boys are coming out to
check it out this is beautiful mate
oh that's nice mate
if I found parking me okay just watch
your bumper at the bottom you might
leave it on the bottom of the driver
sorry about that
okay don't sue me are you ready for the
scrape test listen listen yeah buy for
it not scraping nice quadrant is growing
growing more and more what's he doing oh
come on
this was supposed to be a three-point
turn do not smash that glass please for
the love of God where's Lee what are you
doing it's fine that's fine that's fine
stay right that was not pretty gaming
okay but playing catch-up is anything
Chris the birthday boy has been out
since like three o'clock so we're going
join him we didn't make it so far we
only made it to the cash machine we're
facing the issue of nobody has a phone
with a headphone jack in it anymore so
we can figure out control the tunes
they'll next time my friend best taxi
driver ever he was raised in another
taxi driver doubt it well this is where
we supposed to be going and as you can
tell it's absolutely run ex-cop Kate and
grain we made it rain and rain upstairs
they excited we're going to a secret
earth it's a secret so don't turn you on
here we go by God I like him I like him
a lot
nice
watch
what the hell's going on hi this drink
never ends does it
I just want a new drink come in look on
the ceiling look oh yeah
look in this daily yes yes yes
my God knows exactly what he knows
exactly what he's doing
miss takes worse made though it's at our
Academy secret
grace happy birthday my friend right yes
happy birthday I'm determined to kill
him oh no what stays well he's not I
thought I'd lost everyone but you can't
really miss this one guy with a ginger
afro just walking doing his own thing oh
there's Chris I thought you got kicked
out Oh God successfully managed to get
everyone into the club now I've got to
go collect a friend
bronze winner Jesus this place is
absolutely round oh my God look at it
busiest they're doing a conga with a
flaming pineapple substantial date for
the night I left all the boys over at
the club they've all failed like not
even joking it all bail they're in taxis
are on the way home and this club where
I was supposed to bring them over to
yeah this proves no empty not even
joking this entire place cleared out so
god damn fast I take every single person
saying get your asses over then I got a
text from account saying we're heading
home
your brother bastards transition to the
house where oh my gosh drunk Tommy came
home and clean the entire kick off I
don't wash it all down like just saying
this right now this is so Bataan the
next day drunk Tom thank you so much you
you're a good dude I'm just like after
any day
it's the recovery day so where are ya
time for some chicken tenders the
context that I didn't like give you guys
as to what happened last night is we
were in the club at a koala bar and in
that secret like Tiki area that you saw
us in and it was amazing going really
well everything was perfect but we
wanted to get a big
group photo so we asked someone to take
it forward for us in like yeah sure and
Chris just stood on a chair and when
Chris stood on the chair the bouncers
came straight like no but then the
bounce was like oh you're just taking
than group fours like yeah he's he's
birthday please you take we're always
like yeah no worries so though I take a
photo
but then the guy took the thought of
what it's been the fold so he gave the
phone to someone else he came around for
fall and at this point the bounce was
like get down and Chris was like really
drunk already like there was a text that
I showed her Instagram story which if
you don't follow me on Instagram
wait Chris text a group chat scene I'm
just throwing up in a toilet on the way
listen like that it was that kind of
night he was really drunk he got past
the sickness
it was absolutely all right but then he
got to the stage of not drunk falling
over or anything like he got past the
sick stage of being drunk and then he
was at the I'm just so spoon
everything's fine and the world around
me doesn't matter of which the bouncer
did not like that in the slightest so
the bounce was like coming here coming
and Chris is like ignoring the bounce
because he just went to get his photo we
didn't get the photo the ban said he
wanted to speak to Chris to the side he
went for each Christmas I'd longer hope
he got kicked out so it was really
really unfortunate and then when I went
away to pick someone up everyone decided
that enough was enough they were too
drunk or they were too tired or whatever
and they all bailed so the night was
going so damn well but the one moment I
stepped away from the group
you know I did like this Ivan will go to
this club will go here will do this from
previewing everything the one moment I
stepped away from everyone it all fell
apart and I don't know what happened I I
have no idea where I went from there so
really joy boy was good night we were
pre-drinking oh my we went through two
bottles of apple sours either either way
really good night Chris had a good
birthday thought it's all I did
yesterday it was just rest all day and
then go and hit it hard and that's
exactly what we did so yeah it was a
perfect little day now as to the next
bit of drama that involves no sickness
and fight you know throwing up or
anything like that gonna be the opening
by one Jesus that was tight it's gonna
be the mention of I still don't have it
in my house so the reason why this vlog
was late is because I can't send the
clips to Byron overnight and I know it
sounds silly boy how big their clips are
when I send them to Bower and by 4G when
I'm sleeping the day are then cuts out
and then have to buy more data
by like a hundred gigs worth a day a
second only buy in one gig amount so
anyway it's stupid thing so basically
I'm editing the vlog until me and it is
reinstated in my house and why are the
Sheep just congregating together like
that that's that what what what are you
doing they're not loading onto a truck
to go and get slaughter because I just
got to know Barham that baa Ram ewe
what's that from
either way the internet is still down so
I've not be allowed to send in sapphire
and hence why the vlogs the past three
days have been late the one moment I get
back in charge of like steering the ship
and I'm like I crashed it so the ones
have been late the past few days so I'm
really sorry about that but this is the
issue this is the actual I shouldn't
tell you about so a company has booked
me a fly I'm not naming the company or
what's going on or how it's happening
because it was supposed to be like a
little secret like a bent row and I'm
supposed to be going by to Los Angeles
now the flights booked for Tuesday but
you guys remember when I went to Florida
got my passport wet and then they were
like right you need an emergency
passport and gave me that
but that emergency passport was for one
trip and one trip only and I got back
and I was like I'm not traveling now for
quite a while until you know the back
end of October I'll be fine it wasn't
until this company thing came up
last-minute was like do you want to do
it and if so boom there you go with
booked your ticket now as I appreciate
that but I don't have a passport
so I'm gonna have to apply for an
emergency passport well not an emergency
passport just an actual passport but
I've got to try and get it fast-tracked
and it can take up to two days to do and
I'm supposed to be flying out Tuesday so
I've got a try somehow I don't like I
don't think it's possible I don't know
what to do I will have to wake up at
like 7:00 a.m. and just try and get the
process run inside so I may be going on
this trip it may just be the fact that
we do later a little bit and then I can
continue to go on the trip but as of
right now because I don't have a
passport I can't go to Los Angeles on
Tuesday so the random adventure I was
gonna share with you guys might not be
happening you might black with my
interns and that's just a dick move its
life of Tom I'm keeping you up to date
with what's going on my life so yeah
unfortunately I don't know what to do
because every time I go online to this
website to be like cooking it to fill
the form it says that takes a week but
then if I go get a paper form and do it
in person as a post office it can take
up to four hour
so then get me an appointment and my
life just fall apart right now I need
some help so I don't have to go I'm
going to take care of this situation I'm
sorry the vlog being late and we will
hopefully get this new adventure started
for your faces we'll just see how it
goes and hopefully if my internet side
will get Byron back and these vlogs will
be on time so I'm gonna love you I'm
gonna leave you I'll see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. ish ish for the next a
hug I'm gonna make those chicken tenders
because I've left them on the side and
we'll see how it goes so much love to
you faces yes
