oh gosh okay it is 823 the morning I've
had two hours at twins we really sleep
I'm starting my day no joke I am so damn
tired but hey please sir can I have a
ride oh no are we wearing the same shirt
we'll just look like you're like stuck
in traffic at 8:32 ice there's Steve
stay strong out there that is brutal
seven hours later Birmingham NEC this is
where we come and do insomnia I did not
think I'd be back here this year but hey
yeah and we're about to be inside all
day at the achieved tea maker and I'm a
mark ingenious yeah today a hot sweaty
cheesy sandwich here we go the cycle
show and you wouldn't believe it
this bike is bikes and there's more bike
oh look Fox 4 is the most glorious set
of downhole suspension forks in the
world and which are they 19 quid oh
that's just that eighteen hundred quid
for a set of suspension forks no joke it
used to be my dream as a kid to own a
set of those that is a very very nice
bike I don't care what you say that's
the manliest manly bike I've ever seen
the fattest tires a chainsaw on the bar
and a checkered shirt over here that's
it's just weird
it's simply just weird what is going on
what wizardry what actual wizardry has
to be happening right here right now I
don't know but it's called eight grand
of wizardry that's what is 8 grand for a
left-handed bike I think
I found another one look at but it's
fully carbon fiber look at that it's
cool but do not think it throw your
balance off of the way I've got a task
right we can film bikes all day long and
the other cool yeah they're interesting
away over but we've got a mission gotta
find the world's most expensive pedal
bike yeah yeah it's not got allowed to
have a battery on it but that one of the
biggies pull that one's 8 grand
straightaway this one behind of it we've
got to find the biggest price tag bang
boom I found it
look there eight and a half grand oh my
goodness me eight and a half grand would
you pay an Afghan for a bike you think
we'll see more than 85 grand what
so the guy who I keep throwing knives at
was burning with a flamethrower
this is his company yeah Steve P I just
like things when I say are you sorry for
attacking your place P we actually love
you
we're an amazing ride if not the best I
am impossible of your branch Steve Ken
thinks he's located the area to find
their expensive bikes let's take all
mate dad it's a bike in a circle it has
to be expensive cuz I got a battery on
it no maybe this might be electric this
might be electric I think this is
disqualified 3,800 yet these I knew
these would have nothing on the other
bike over there look in we're just i
love price tags everywhere oh you found
it no way 9 grand well done alright
you're winning Ken's leading the charge
thanks
I can't tell if you're looking for price
tags or you just impressed that this is
the the sky team's bike you were one
bike away one bike away from finding the
highest priced bike 11 grand 11 grand
I think that's as high as it's gonna get
surely 11,000 pounds for that bike right
there oh my god absolutely beautiful
oh my god Oh My look how you pump it up
Wow
so I'm in the lead yeah 11 grand okay
I'm in week 11 thousand pounds I can't
even manage to bring my shopping back
from Tesco on the bike and yet this guy
is carrying his entire life on a pedal
bike that's that's pretty credible I'm
not taking a photo I've actually found
heaven and Oakley store oh they're so
beautiful they're just so pretty the
first-ever bike evolved my own money
with AK owner forgot Oh May whoa Kona do
electric bikes mental but yeah Conan was
like my dream by can I actually managed
to buy one when i was younger i saw and
saved up my paper round money and bought
it well a day to try and on TV go on go
on do it get on TV do it from here it's
green then it's purple then it's green
that's pretty cool officer yeah you
stole a bike it's getting away on it
what color bike is it sir it's Brooke
it's green but then I different angle
it's purple then it's blue than it's
green this can dunk after all your
injuries I think you need one of these
when you come off your bike it goes
around your neck and it turns into an
air bag like that you should buy the
said well yeah I get several boom look
at that beast right there how much is
this rocking four there's gotta be 20
grand
oh god wait what I've even got a change
God's bells
can you could say it's pretty let us
fall sorry like what 435 quit for
that douche hey it's all beach cruisers
yeah that's so sick
no matter what about you go to no matter
what event save the Hedgehog's is always
here the woodland trust a single oak can
sport to 500 species save the Hedgehog's
that just doesn't look right now looks
like a pair of boobs rotating here we
see ken in the wild getting his joints
rubbed by a vibration device need relief
put it on your arms switch it on
add danger wow I could sleep is kick it
in
I am absolutely exhausted I've only
drank this coffee for about 30 minutes
no it's already kicked in and already
worn off so now I'm twice as tired grams
talking business because Graeme actually
has a job by the way he like walked
round and speaks to bike companies and
like yo can I sell this bike at this
shop for you basically he's like the
dealer he's a bike dealer he is the bike
dealer of shops in the northwest of
England for the company he worked for
and so he's talking to people and then
my dad's over there
flapping himself off or something
probably finding more electrical devices
to stick to himself and enjoy and is me
still on the hunt for the most expensive
bike I think we may have found it eleven
thousand one was quite expensive like
the most it seems to begin from there is
like look it's pretty close like eight
thousand five hundred bought it's not
quite 11 grand what about this one
4500 god damn it I want to find like a
20 grand bike but I think it's
impossible
we may have legitimately done it already
I thought it was gonna take us all day
to find it but we may have found the
world's most expensive bike
than thousand pounds I know dad but come
on tell me that's not you dream lady
look at that Dad she's into a bike in
she's got the fat tires she likes it
fast and loose she's got a battery so
she can keep on going again come on
who needs carbon fiber bikes when you've
got bamboo bikes I knew we'd find
something like this wooden bikes buy one
so I have passed one for a successful
day we managed to find the most
expensive bike 11,000 pounds gram that's
as high as it got I have a feeling
someone may be losing the job right now
because that is not supposed to look
like that all right okay we've done the
bike show we found the bar we have three
beers each about to find another one
there's some pretty good-looking food
there but we're gonna get another bed I
think we're on the same page before
bidding cheers to this thank God
Graham's driving four beers in I need to
go out the night as it is
yeah it's something about bloody three
o'clock doing what they do to you this
is the 15th time I need to go to the
toilet you're about to wet myself
I'm dying this guy's telling upload his
vlog
I in pedal heaven oh my god I can't wait
to announce that I've got my own
Crankbrothers syndicate multi-tool Wow
impressive coming soon yeah thanks Steve
Peter beat me to the game appreciate
that this is Zeus I file I like nice
above into you again but nice to finally
meet you Zeus oh my gosh I'm not gonna
lie this looks like the happiest dog in
the world Big Daddy and the Sun and the
sun's only 15 months old oh my gosh what
an adorable pop but will rip your face
off cuz it's a is it an attack no was it
security done this wolf is gonna bite
you so hard
gonna get you Ken you better watch out
you're gonna get bit dangerous dog you
better know boss oh bike show Birmingham
any seat it was awesome Graham thank you
so much for sorting out the tickets
alright let's rock let's roll and play
runescape
thank you driving as well thanks for
getting us there I just played runescape
the entire way at home and made a sweet
1.5 mil on my account so pretty outfit
without just regard we did invite you
for food didn't win thank you Jim for
everyone's like you're a dick
honestly brother look after yourself
greatly time
time for some cut up a couple of blob is
he in true scare him Oh God fight
it's a dress code now I've seen this
sign before at the weekends following
clothes are acceptable work wear our
work boots baseball caps or hoodies it's
now acceptable for 7:00 p.m. what time
is it let me check Oh 704 you can't say
you didn't get your money's worth from
this show free entry free transport or
we got very many money for transport I
don't appreciate ya you managed to get
yourself a multi-tool obviously the
casing that got standard black casing
very nice very clean but did you get
custom syndicate one Alma alright so the
grapes are walk straight on back with
weapons likewise I want this this
business and it's coming quote smother
that on in there seven where's Lee
cooked me up a rib eye mmm
I should have a peppercorn sauce some
mushrooms and some sweet potato fries in
a way as well it seems too many sides on
two person state dinner geez right now
you can see I am wearing the coat of
arms should see that it's code bombs
syndicate original coat of arms we're
gonna go walk outside here right now and
you may notice that currently I move
this mirror I'm wearing the shirt with
no arms because it's coat of arms but it
doesn't have its arms we get it I'll put
this shop and usually go where are they
but oh my God look company I've got one
two three four five
is it six seven at once we've coat of
arms though tonight Matthew I'm gonna be
I am now coated around it we're gonna
come so we're now rocking the long sleep
romance now available
and right now I've got hat hair looks
know it like weirdly looks like it's got
flattened lines next week bought because
haha it's kind of styled my hair for me
don't really know what's going on - but
I feel like you were just rocking the
style look oh I go farther
I don't suit hats wear a hat look so
what would you do backwards hat my ubers
here to take me down to hide to go and
celebrate my brother leaves 40th
birthday which is officially today and
we're going out having a drink for it so
let's go $0.99 sure this is where I'm
supposed to be yeah yeah oh what an
eventful last time resort every love
each other
I know damn I'm not joking your old
chiseled jaw and buddy's got his nose in
his assets ain't huh I don't want to be
involved in these young Souls right now
I'm gonna go
don't you like the music in the
background for the happy birthday it was
very a very happy birthday themed by the
way if you're wondering where I am today
let me show you
we're in the bike and Hound and look a
legendary nice current situation we've
got the family playing some pool max
losing as usual nice to meet you boys -
man this is the song guys said it was by
the way gum
this is exactly the song guys said it
was wait for it wait for the drop wait
for the drop zone the song I thought it
was what do you think it was wrong he
was the song California thank you it was
the song I thought line oh okay then yes
this way that I I by myself main pool
against my uncle Christopher who's
currently winning okay how do you think
it's going so far yeah just the record
I'm I'm currently read so not too well
my dad's one of like six five I go for
it trickshot booming there he goes going
uncle Chris Jesus baby hungee that was
amazed I camera just a record it doesn't
matter you just played the white you
just take a look he's got one ball after
the table
I would just like to say that my uncle
is the greater variance Cassell
anti-blast so I tried to bring it back
but it didn't work
look how hobbies is beat every single
one of us bastard
I don't know how does that feel how does
it feel
yeah take that no cares if you're ten in
one no one cares if you're ten of
Walker's guess what we beat you Daniel
made it happen and thus concludes a
night in the bike of hound I've gotta be
honest I'm not actually too sure what I
filmed I didn't film that just because
it was really awkward trying to film
playing pool and being with family and
then having a topless bar maid walking
around so just throwing that out there
right now so I don't have to end today's
vlog simply because as much as rushes it
seems Byron needs to rock and roll
somewhere tomorrow he's got a modeling
shoot so if everyone could wish a Byron
good bit of a look in the comments
that'd be awesome but I believe you've
got a modeling shoot so so Byron can I
can I get a job there with your modeling
shooting because I think it looked like
a bit of a potato right now and I
probably will not get hired off anyone
so good luck Maren hope it goes well for
you thank you for editing daily vlogs
I appreciate you a lot I'm gonna end
this video right here so your job is
easier make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next day of love so
until then push them to your faces on
ass up the horse
