hmm yeah you see that shan-pak I'm all
right but you know I'm only just
starting my day at like 8 o'clock at
night but over than that I'm all right
know whatever life nice little jet me
starting my day at like nearly 8 o'clock
at night I was supposed to stop my live
stream at 7 o'clock and just got lazy I
just had a really lazy day and if you
could say like I'm sure you did
something I did nothing so to make
today's vlog somewhat interesting we're
gonna do a live stream and I'm just
gonna pull footage from the live stream
now I don't internal playing video games
the entire night so depending on what
happens throughout the live stream
depends what happens with the vlog soon
as though my actual there did nothing
with the night time we'll try and do
something interesting again as to what
I've no idea what my new little stream
debt thing so watch this my streamer
started it says streaming right now okay
people should start joining the chat
which doesn't seem to be happening right
now but oh wait I am live over here but
watch this I open up my Twitter I scroll
down does it say I'm live-streaming
watch this I press this one button
OOP right ok watch I'm not gonna press
anything else just watch wait for it
where is it this is supposed to be
working what's he just tweet out oh wait
what tomorrow's that will premier block
up to something ah I thought some two
new zombies okay it didn't work maybe
we're gonna press it one more time OOP
okay I pressed it this time
now is it gonna work okay let's press
this button Shazam know what okay this
doesn't work one more time press that if
you're gonna pop up save one new tweet
as app it does it'll like it lets go to
tweet next even get a live feed is there
a fresh new tweet boom
Stevie's live come watch that's not was
waiting for that entire time literally
that entire time all I was waiting for
it to say was the stream is life come
watch once where well then it do you
know how like when I'm streaming and I'm
like oh thanks for someone's to
subscribe me and that's cuz like
someone's just subscribe to channel
might help support me on Twitch which is
amazing well this guy Emory just donated
50 subscribers in the chat look when
someone does it my entire chat or I
might have gone by now oh it's gone but
whatever the chests like oh my god this
guy literally look just donated 50
subscribers to the chat that is insane
oh my god I have to pause so to say let
me just go over it look at the chart I
look to the chat to see what everyone's
saying
Tamarack just gifted another
50 subscriptions is given a hundred
tonight oh my god everyone in the chat
I'm gonna put it in sub only mode watch
this sub only mode ever in the chat let
me see the progress mo oh my god that's
insane yo like seriously like every now
and again so it'll be like eh I'll give
it like five subscriptions where
somewhere in the channel which is like
insane the fact that someone gifts subs
anyway it's just mental cuz you know
you're basically giving away a lot of
money worth of subscription
subscriptions and to just strangers and
the fact that this guy's doing a 100
tonight is just bananas I know I said in
this vlog that I was gonna try and do
like the most epic stuff today on stream
but I'm just gonna be treated like a few
hours like to now showers and me playing
the Sim City my city is looking pretty
chaotic because I've set myself a
challenge where when you drive into the
city you know you want roads that
connect so it's easy for traffic well
I've got a challenge where you've got
drivin and there's only one road so for
someone who lives there who wants to
leave the city if you can't just come
out the house and leave they have to
drive all the way around my city get to
here and then return but whilst I'm
doing this the chats going crazy
gangster look again and Terry donated
even more subscriptions and the chat is
just going absolutely bonkers and you
just don't brought to my attention via a
twitch chat but apparently you can hear
me taking a poo in yesterday's vlog
which for the record I wasn't actually
taking a poo but I think Byron added a
sound effect of a plop in the vlog and
people think it was me you bastard I'm
gonna watch it now and listen right so
this is the clip where I start talking
about I like I'm taking a poo but I
think in the background you can hear a
plop sound effect so let's listen wait
for it
that was not me if Byron said that was
me
I'll say was me but I guarantee you that
plop sound effect Byron wait is it more
was my life come to I'd like to give a
shout-out to I don't know I'd there's no
way that that plop sound effect came
from me look there's no way that was me
stop sending the clips of actual shit
then pirate I fight you listen you I
know you got kidnapped but go ahead even
doing sound effects may I'm gonna have
you but I'm also gonna give you an easy
job because you know I said I was gonna
stream and then whatever happens in the
stream I'll put in the vlog and or
befallen awesome well um yeah didn't do
anything
like I really didn't I've been working
on the city for about four damn hours
like four hours 30 minutes we've been
working on the city but what's that
leaping giant lizards that's that's
really what the person said Oh mate he's
wrecking the town he's got fire I was
all going down okay what an evil looking
monster
okay we're on a hundred and four
thousand let's see if we can kill the
entire city I should be a begin that
should be a big in oh we got one you
gotta be kidding me we're Rumble aid
we're trembling it's going down the
tremors has been spotted oh oh I was
just about to say oh my gosh I think
they've designed the building as well
we've lagged oh my god the computer
could handle that then not bad a few
fires are the protesting you've seen
Independence Day right yeah well UFO was
about to come and say hello to your butt
cheeks whose you're gonna take okay
it's trans abduct from a building that's
been destroyed its up me I think you
actually got someone Oh
aliens stole my grandma rest in pieces
boys rest in pieces
it's all over from here boys
regret living it all right and last but
not least we're gonna destroy the
University god damn hipsters doing your
hipster shit look at you know what's
coming you know you can have an imagine
the destruction heading your way
but still alive there's no life but how
on earth is there seriously still 70,000
people have to be seen about 67,000
that's more like it
and they're still paying the highest tax
bracket I don't understand son of a
bitch and I know it sounds bad but this
is the one thing that I've been talking
to my shrink about the most recently and
I'm getting a bit more relaxed with the
idea of doing it let me go downstairs no
bull writing will be a bit better it's
the fact and realization of when October
12th rolls round and called you it comes
out when that game comes out I ain't
gonna be no life in the living hell that
game entitled to Scotland and then ever
going to go to Scotland doing uh you
know resonate the game and upend up
there which is gonna be dope as hell and
really looking forward to it and then
I'm doing that for a weekend and once
I'm back from that weekend
I've got like maybe a few more days of
absolutely smashing the game in until
apparently confirmed I'm going off to
Abu Dhabi it's 99 percent confirmed that
I'm going off to Abu Dhabi with one of
the Seidman guys which should be pretty
epic again I'm keeping that surprise and
so we all officially announce that
everything bought those days where I'm
going traveling and doing stuff I will
always be vlogging but I'm pretty almost
convinced in my brain now that in
October 12 will be the day where I go
okay if there's a day where I do nothing
kind of like how you've seen today where
I'm doing nothing that'll be the day
where I don't actually film and post a
vlog and I know it's upsetting people I
don't know a lot of people like seeing
everything I do no matter what I do
whether it's it Just's at a home or
making some food or anything like that
but with just how focus I'm gonna need
to be I don't need the the stress of
being like Oh putting out content that I
don't want to put out not that it's like
hard to mean you know to film like did
this is what I'm doing for the day like
did nothing it was a total of one minute
worth of footage but I don't
be putting out vlogs on this channel
about 30 seconds long bored as hell like
blogs I don't want to put out you know
like back in the day when I would just
sat around doing nothing all day when I
was trying to get inside the farm and
streaming and stuff like that like it
was frustrating to to me to be like I've
just gone travelling do it all this epic
stuff and everyone the channel like
who's subscribed here are expecting like
the most awesome stuff or like at least
some sort of somewhat of an entertaining
vlog of doing wrong it doesn't have to
be consistent of be going to Dubai or me
going sky down every single day but at
least it's me actually doing something
so when I'm actually here and I'm doing
nothing I'd rather just not post that
day like yeah if I try and film the day
and it turns out like well I didn't know
if in that day I won't post it I would
rather do that like I spoke to my like
family and friends about everything and
it just seems like the smartest way and
it's as much as I love daily vlogging
and it gives me like a true purpose
because it does it gives me a purpose of
like go up today do stuff and I want to
make sure I stick to that and most days
I will try my best to just like vlog
even if it's like getting up early and
going somewhere with my dad like in
tomorrow's vlog you're gonna see me go
it's like a bike in event I you know
like with Graham and it's gonna be like
a fun little day out then Friday I'm
going on Manchester with my friends then
Saturday like I'm gonna do some or else
as well and like the Conor McGregor
fight it's coming on in like the next
few weeks or whatever whenever it is a
sense to fly this book there'll be days
where I'm doing stuff I'm like round
film at vlogging and I'm not gonna try
and just skip days for sake if I I'll
just skip this day because then you'll
get lazy like I'll just skip this there
I won't vlog today it's not about why I
will try and vlog every day still but on
the days where I know like I'm just
gonna be live-streaming for like 12
hours a day or playing video games for
12 hours a day you know that starts to
fall like I am just truly hungover and
I've done nothing all day then I'd
rather just be like no vlog today guys
just because I've done nothing nothing
entertaining nothing to like tell you
guys about I'll catch up about or
anything like that
and you know it's I've had that kind of
mindset of getting used to the idea of
being in that's like that space for a
while now like is this the right thing
to do and it it just really is and you
know I'm not trying to upset anyone
Hicks and all a lot of people tune in
daily to see like what I get up to and
what the life of Tom is about like
whether it is me just doing nothing all
day some people look like it's nice to
have like it was an escape but I could
followed you this long I don't want to
day without you and I do really
appreciate that book you've got to
understand for like my mental mindset as
well it's like I'd rather be putting out
the content that I enjoy and more than
anything it'll push me to be like right
if it's a when a week without me posting
any content I blow it right we're going
on an adventure we'll buy a ticket go on
a while and we're going here and we're
gonna back this youtuber or whoever with
us and we'll go now and just you know
like truly make the most of it rather
then you know like saying like a lobster
shot make the most of it like I'm making
the most of it by enjoying what I want
to do which is like gaming and stuff all
day and you might be like well that's
not troubling will I get what you saying
but that's what I want to be doing and
that's what I'm enjoying doing but
switch into doing live streaming on a
daily schedule which should be really
fun over the course the month of October
and maybe up to it like November and
then the days where I do actually not
livestream like you know vlog so again
it's one of those things that's been
going around in circles with you guys
for the longest time of life this is
what I want to do like should I do it
should not do it and people like balance
it do a day on a day off a day off on a
day on and it's just like with gaming
like when you really just fully doing it
like it's four o'clock in the morning
right now I just realized that I've got
to be up in four I was to go to the
spike in show with my dad which is
ridiculous that was setting off at 8:00
a.m. but it's just yeah it's just the
way it is like with the game and it just
takes a point your time and I do want to
try and structure it more like a job
like get a put you know say get up at
like 10 o'clock can we have two in the
afternoon ten o'clock in the morning you
know get my day started get organized
get ready stay out the house and you
know fresh of a mind a bit
go I kind of bike ride in the morning
like actually like a schedule go on a
bike ride go to the gym or swimmer
come back and then stream from like
three o'clock in the afternoon so like
10 o'clock at night like seven hours
stream a day at some other and then that
way it's like I'm structure it properly
stick to my schedule you guys have got
time like you know you tune in 6:00 p.m.
every day for these vlogs I want you
guys to be able to go oh I'm back from
work at 6 p.m. I know Tom's give me
stream until 10:00
boom I'm going to tune in like a TV show
but live and I'm not just gonna keep
playing like the video games a lot of
fun doing like live events and stuff
like that and I think you should really
pan out pretty awesome let's be honest
but I know you've always had my back
when it comes to the vlogging and I know
a lot of you like tuning just fly the
life of Tom which is like you know my
day-to-day life and stuff like gaming is
a huge part of that
if you do like gaming then you should
enjoy the live streams which I'll be
doing a like twitch or YouTube or
something like that as much as you wanna
find out what I'm up to you know you
asked me in the comments so you see my
vlog here you can easily just jump into
my live stream on Twitch or on YouTube
and then on day like I'll be talking and
responding to you guys you know I'm
thinking of like if I am gonna truly do
like gaming and the live streaming thing
like properly
I'd love to host like maybe a weekly
podcast or something like that I know it
sounds kind of crazy but like do a
weekly podcast like me and Kyle and talk
about things and topics and subjects you
know and you know you guys can know to
tune in like on Friday we're gonna be
sitting down and doing like the the
broadcasts were to be like me and Cal
and we have some drinks and we chat with
you guys you know it could be quite
interested in like you know the next
week bring on my dad on a Friday and we
have a few beers or something you know
that sort of stuff because I really want
to try a full month of like doing the
streaming doing the gaming sort of stuff
and you know don't get me wrong like if
it doesn't pan out after the first month
that I might enjoying it or this is not
what I wanted to do then it will be a
case of wine right right well I give it
my all I did commit my everything to her
I stopped them like the vlog daily and
to focus on this truly and then just go
write that I'm gonna commit to like full
daily vlogging and smash it I mean I
mean smash it I mean like there won't be
on my stream tonight I might extreme to
that it no I'm not gonna sit around at
my house here and do nothing every day
I'm gonna be like waking up looking to
do today boom book like go somewhere and
you know just don't meet random people
and go an avid random adventure because
that's what I want to be doing most the
time but then you get these little
things in the way of like it's like it's
nice as that is like no I don't I would
have on the other side of the world and
do the crazy shit in the world and just
meet the most random people and get
myself into the scenarios that I never
thought I'd be in life rather than just
going out for and McDonald's or
somewhere you know I'm saying so it's a
really strange balancing act but the
more and more and more and more and more
and more and more I talk about in the
board or on stream or with friends and
with family the more and more it makes
sense so when the time comes the time
comes I did say October 12th he's
probably gonna be that day just because
I want at the time today but then again
October 12th I'll probably film about
how busy and excited I was at the game
came out at midnight somewhere and then
it'd be like OOP
there you go he posted daily vlogging he
said he wasn't gonna but yeah just keep
you guys updated
when the next vlog is gonna be live and
when it's gonna be out so we'll just see
how that pans out okay so I know it
means a lot of people to tune in every
day and I do still appreciate it and
this may still not be the case of
changing up until October 12 for but
October 12th rolls around do expect to
not expect a daily vlog every single day
so if that's the case cruciate having my
back oh yeah like the idea of the live
streaming stuff and like the game is
draw from the main channel stuff and who
knows if I'm not gonna post say a vlog
on this channel on the day of the world
I was gonna do a blog I give you like a
QA I feel it more interesting or like a
tech review like a boxing thing but you
know I said it when I did the iPhone and
box here that I'd love to do like full
tech and box in that review make it look
good nice and cool and what I want to do
that Danny so as you guys know or may
not know why I've got a actual like
cinema room in here watch this bit like
a homeless guy living in there no
because I'm not been in there for ages
but I literally have like a cinema room
this is like 200 inch projector like 4k
projector onto the wall but I don't use
this room over them for like pi is all
like you know watching a boxing match or
something now this microphone will very
much pick up how echoey this room is but
what I'm thinking of doing just cause of
like how nice and gray the walls isn't
stuff like that
I put some like dampening the sound
panels on this wall which one will
helpful like when I'm actually watching
movies in it but then do a full
recording rig setup and a like for
camera professional why in it'll be nice
and dampened and then literally have a
professional like tech unboxing room
which I can do just like you know if it
gets some companies to send me some
packages just buy some stuff like stuff
for the one set up and just unbox it and
review in here if you guys so it'd be a
nice little thing to get set up and then
you know a feature for this channel is
if I'm not gonna do you know daily daily
daily vlogging you know maybe I can fit
it scheduled in you guys to be able to
enjoy content that is penciled in the
schedule then I've been like okay
there's gonna be a review video
like for example Casey nice that does
like tech review Tuesday tech Tuesdays
but not every Tuesday actually does
something tech well in this case that
maybe I could so you know I spend
throughout the week as much I'm doing my
gaming on live streaming I could say yo
I've got like 10 boxes that I've got I'm
gonna review the products you know bang
them all out and in one day record them
all and then schedule it over the course
of the month about every
say Sunday a tech review video goes up
on my channel and you guys can enjoy it
so yeah I stole over not sureties in the
work but however it pans out is how ever
it pans out so as you heard I've got
four hours sleep before I start tomorrow
tomorrow and the rest of this week's
vlogs will be proper vlogs there won't
just be like I did nothing all day but I
know he's kind of strange like I've
logged back in a day on YouTube used to
consist of it used to consist of like
just doing this like you know getting
your camera and talking for like 5 10 15
20 minutes straight with no cuts no
edits no showing your day or anything
like that just like a recap of you day
like well today where did this do
doesn't explain it rather than filming
it and that's what a day in a life was
like you record the full thing it was
like more effort but then that
eventually became what a vlog just
normally standardly was unusual like a
daily vlog yeah by the way I'm actually
exhausted from walking about steady but
like trying to secure my burrito my fine
I'm not totally out of breath right now
but I can't pound him so it's that thing
of like it's nice to kind of just sit
and talk to you guys because I've just
spent the last eight hours on Twitch
just chilling playing video games and
talking to you all so I kind of got in
the used to swing things of doing that
so I hope you don't mind it nice little
sit back chill and relax and to all the
messages I read of people tonight that
was like you know a lot of people use
this vlog as I can escape or it's just
so nice for them to you know like you
know get away from all the drama of life
because I try and just spread a positive
message of you know good vibes you know
life - life is too short many most of it
you know spread positivity because
there's too many people just trying to
be just dicks in this world and they're
just trying to waste other people's
times which in my opinion is just
absolutely stupid and I can't be asked
with it like what's the point in trying
to make someone's life more difficult
than it could already be when instead
you can go out your way to try and make
someone's life better so try my best to
make people happier and you know spread
positivity but sometimes that's just not
the way people roll book I think we got
a pretty good community on this channel
like I say we are a family because like
I share my life with you guys and the
amount of people who've told me stories
of theirs it's just insane and you know
these people have been following every
single daily vlog since day one and I
can't thank you all enough and so anyone
who knew is new around it and you're not
subscribed and click subscribe drown the
family literally on the screenshot here
it's me and my family me and my sister
and we've all been on this journey
together and I can't see I can't wait to
see where it takes herself who knows
traveling the world a lot more through
this this change we may end up making a
lot more epic content through this
change and who knows I may be gone
getting on a bus next week with Joss who
sent me a text message being like yo
homie I want to do another day in a life
take two and I'm like yeah I do actually
so who knows we'll just wait and see so
I'm gonna go this was a lot of talking
but not so much rambling it was like
more of like stuff I want to get off my
chest and stuff that I want to do and
with this channel I feel like we've just
got the opportunity to do things so much
more like professionally and better and
organized than just a case of me feeling
bad being like oh I have to put
something out so I hope that make sense
okay I love you and we'll leave yours if
you don't follow me on Twitter make sure
you do well that's where that's the way
I'll let you guys know if there is gonna
be a daily vlog or not and I will see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for daily
vlog because we're still daily right now
and if anything changes I'll let you
know it's worth you know in the vlog so
until tomorrow much love understad yes
