you're a crank oh why are you looking so
smart are you flirting with a doctor is
she a cutie yes she is sweet another
morning with granddad's he's rolled on
round and he's brought his jag around I
was like tell me I brought in my karmic
ties like you can use it I'm like you
sure the offer but exactly need it is
like you can park it round it you're a
schmuck
no I'm okay you can keep I have to that
I don't even use at the moment so we're
good looks like he's out a break-in bud
break that you can hmm go again
pump it up come on back but yeah you're
being demanding you borrow me car drive
McCarran off my car open the door for me
Jesus what he said why is it do I let
outside but your guest Joanna borrow his
Jaguar cuz he's bright around for me to
borrow and I don't need it so would you
like it dad even when he got he went and
got it cleaned for me to borrow crank if
there was one piece of advice you'd give
people in the world out of all your
years of experience what's the one piece
of advice you'd give them anything
wife wife advice Oh life unfortunately
in it what the heck how about no first
of all I'm not 24 I'm 25 second of all
very definitely a wasp nest around there
dad
there's two there there's three there
where's this wasps nest me I'm allergic
to it where they coming from the
industry ah no that's not what I need
what nope all right granddad I'll give
you a piece of life advice don't get
stung by a wasp it kills you what
happens to me so no thank you you go get
some pies mate I'll see you later
oh it's just obvious comes round like
when I'm doing stuff and I know when I'm
with him I don't always just vlog like
24/7 so I'm start talking to him and
spending some time with the bin so fuck
that so don't ever think that comes
around I'm not seeing him I am it's just
that we're just talking about like well
keep it up through this we gotta fill in
just catch up and stuff ah so you know
I've got stuff to do he does understand
that but he still just comes
whenever I'm busy I don't like me I've
gotta get my stuff done I can't just
like be with you all the time and he
comes around all the time is you guys
seen the vlog so oh he's adorable boy
he's a pain in the goddamn ass day in
England wait what's going on I blog
today I don't know I've been in my
office to the past like four hours I
don't know them powerful play runescape
but the gates are opening we're going on
syndicate original because oh is it but
stay awesome by the way I don't know if
you guys know is it is the stabilization
this phone working
to me it constantly feels like it's
doing like a did it did it like stop
effect bought I have neighbors
okay I got some neighbors I'm gonna be
nibbling on in the next few months so
I'm looking forward to that I don't know
long how they're gonna be there but I do
indeed have neighbors like I say I'm
going to City original Alice is back
from a holiday she's been like a binge
in half as you guys know she worked for
me and why is there never was for my car
but no Nami thank you I'm allergic by
the way so if you wonder why I'm such a
panda around wasps make such a big deal
of it
I'm actually what's the thing
anaphylactic yeah I can get I go into
anaphylactic shock if I get super big
someone else can trigger me as well but
I don't know I've not been stung in
about 10 to 12 years so don't actually
know if you can still kill me would like
to go in for tests you know that would
be prick your finger like I'm fine or
end up dying again enough to shove a
tube down my throat but um yeah I'd like
to find out I'm sick I just like being
like Oh knew who I was and it could just
be like I'm not allergic to any more who
knows
oh my gosh I've only got 25 miles of
fuel in there so we're gonna go out and
really fuels the beast and then we're
gonna go see ours so uh let's go leave
your guesses now how much is she gonna
drink I reckon 45 quid she just keeps
drinking oh I was wrong 57 quick G I
know this is gonna sound weird but today
is actually the perfect day of weather
the England like it really is it's not
too cold it's not too warm need yours
perfect if you can pee like this all the
time
did you know smelly do you guys know you
talked about it I know we always
practical about other events but now for
my Scottish audience I'm said well you
can come from anywhere in England or any
way around by the way but for my
Scottish might like no joke favourite
audience but you guys are so hardcore
and dedicated I'm gonna be going to
resonate
I'll give it give me give me we're going
to resonate if you haven't got your
tickets yet good because you get 20% off
for this event using the code whole dish
a fire a fire and she took time off but
we are going to resonate not only just
me every announced who else is going oh
really no no I mean like guys all right
all right it's that secret so there's
some legends don't even ever really go
down there with as well but Alice is
going mum's going I think Paul's going
and cars going and more than anything
I've said this from the get-go yes it's
gonna be nice to meet people there but
more importantly I'm gonna be partying
hard at the night time so if you're a
team person you're gonna be out and
about around Scotland
so yeah um more importantly to my 18
year olds we are going to be goin ham
brownie la pony Scaroni out in Glasgow
throughout that weekend so if you're not
there you're gonna be seriously missing
out so just a warning before you do buy
a ticket I believe over on most days but
hey man that's just the way it is Tom
Ryan would afford me you guys gonna be
an awesome event you guys better be
there code syndicate use a link down the
description and honestly my Scottish
clans last time I went to a like a
resonate event was amazing it was so
much for me in you all we thought we'd
just pop in for like an hour
meet-and-greet and there's just way too
many people I was like we're gonna need
to come back belonga so we're back
babe fancy seeing you here again well
codes acidic original find out that got
find out okay okay black is always you
see these black I don't look Edward a
window is it doll for me thanks mom take
it a pic sorry shit don't you love how
like first of all I film this sort of
stuff and I put them in and that's
that's not bad enough anyway but now the
stuff that film Byron has to edit so
what I'm like can I go I'm taking a poop
yeah Byron has to watch this and be like
where's my life what is my life come to
I'd like to give a shout out to just so
you tweet me apparently you've just
started a new job for ten weeks or
something like that and you're gonna try
and attempt to watch every single one of
my daily vlogs the past three years from
the start again so well look how good
the front facing camera is now look this
is the XS no you can't have it guess why
and you can't even guess why no guess
who else has claimed it before you too
well you never give them away so know
what you talk about you to all the kit
mind bones
shit don't work cuz they're not a lot
miss doing drugs or guess why he's got
this one yeah yeah Kyle's got my own
phone
he's just paid a hundred pounds for his
new phone so we scream lady's got my old
phone anyways it up
officially getting this one so yesterday
doesn't go yes hey bunk again oh my god
you cracked the screen again she's back
here she's broke it through the screen
protector
hello syndicated in arles who is it
who's me oh who is it
Oh Carly so funny do you pay for tonight
wise it's about you getting a new phone
a bitch
why you eat me now I can tell you eat
you in your mouth full just by being on
the phone
together we sent the vlogs in the UK
aren't the same when you turn on them no
like when I'm travelling around the
world no one cares that when I'm out and
about in fact I'm doing my thing
traveling on that side Tom around the
world but in the UK I'll take mum one
summer promotions I'm gone
Russia an awful lot of money for men's
mental health awareness and their way
from when I stretch a pound anything
would be much appreciated donate by
clicking the link down below thank you
very much for caring and Darren bye yeah
we are
shout out to the people who donated
already we're already on like 680 pounds
you'd only give it a cheapy cheap
bastard
but yeah the link will be down below by
the way we've already raised like seven
hundred and sixty quid out of like a
gold two thousand five minutes if you
guys can donate please do
oh now you give it a fuck if you give it
up fiver right now it's guarantee you'll
never sit what are you doing what's to
happen
what are you doing you blurry miss y'all
you doing okay oh I can't leave you
accepting money if strangers how can you
do that current all she's tried to do is
raise money for charities just make sure
you don't accidentally donate to the
resume page if I'd you turn cell phones
down
don't you love this family like a life
of Tom this is truly all she's gotta do
is crash into the shop and then reverse
gone Karen they with the zoom on this is
weird like it doesn't it's not right
that's it
how about shoot your face who's got a
car keys no ma'am I actually think
you're gone you've got take it back I
got ya you can't I believe in you almost
and we're gonna we're not even gonna
move a cow we're gonna force you to do a
19-point turn let's see if Karen's got
this in the back all right you
definitely starting this off wrong well
you might want to wait loads of room
Karen be treated literally I get this on
camera let's be quite funny
oh go on camera I like it you could have
just reversed and let my mom out bought
instead with me yeah thank you content
God Karen go on that last excuse me stop
seat belt how dare you exposed some
private land is fine all right off you
go get lost
wise
most of the license plate is pissed
what's going on with it looks fine to me
all right go all right go go whoa oh
come on job Wow
so inconspicuous okay go go go go all
the way to Oldham go all the way to
Oldham what the heck he really wasn't
supposed to go that far back jaqen yeah
you the slightest car you were right you
guess right well don't team work it's
the best smelling car in the world
because it lives in the laundrette yeah
I know right
hello have you done him have you no good
whereabouts did to do it did you know is
that it was Karen when she reversed what
she reversed all around in here Byron
make it make Photoshop a car hitting
that Dow Bank how our production budget
is on the vlog hey we don't have
explosion effects it just pops and
spiral exposure to Alice's face no Byron
no just blew out his face flare else's
face well I see space piracy space
failing to see you downstairs set it up
for tonight
oh wait wait wait
you telling me you didn't get me a rib I
don't like room I'm not lying I'm not
lying
am i lying I'm not lying oh no I like
the booty I like to put it oh yeah
what are you I'm not cooking this shit I
only know how to cook steak especially
ribeye and that it messes with my system
okay okay what do I get outta ten last
time now how good's my steak not even
messing up my steak so good you know
what I need to cook it for where's so he
can prove is because I'm not sick I'm
not lying and just like that meeting
with my accountant done and just did
talk it about paying taxes they always
pay taxes and also I just noticed that
yesterday's vlog went live the title was
2809 18 basically today's day or when I
welded it so yeah sorry about that
I do need to put the thumbnail and you
know I've changed it all but apparently
a lot of people were saying about the
audio being a bit echoing now I don't
know whether it was the room I was in
because the microphone was like a bad
quality microphone so it might just
picked up at the echo in my house which
is very high by the way like hello it's
like a very echoey sound about house of
like nearly all the rooms apart of my
office
so maybe the old phone wasn't showing up
picking that up as much but partly this
one is as well bought guys blame
fortnight oh and by the way I'm just
showing this right now my dad thought he
was being funny when he were welcome
home Tom and Lydia with a love heart for
it yeah thanks dad you really helped him
with the whole conspiracy of babe babe
babe babe babe I'm gonna tell you next I
was the other this isn't right now see
what cars doing this nine left he's not
had a single kill we've got a fully
armored fuck oh I'm sorry I'm really
sorry I'm sorry
may I didn't mean to I didn't do
anything do not hold me accountable it
wasn't me with you
is it food time cheers tili-tili Det
firstly are you ready
Kyle's taking care of the sweet potato
fries I got the pan sizzling away with a
little bit of hay like like to fry so we
got this going here and then inside the
fridge we have unfortunately rump steaks
yeah thanks girl so we have rump steaks
that I have seasoned look at them oh oh
look at my fine nice and seasoned gonna
throw them in the pan wish they were rib
eyes but whatever so I'm going to throw
these into the pan and approximately do
the tape I think it I think this said
cook them the two to five no four to
five minute yeah what's five minutes
each side Jesus god damn ribeye only
takes like three half minutes the way I
want it but are you ready wait wait wait
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do a simple
test no I want to touching I'm a just
bow I think it's ready you ready you
ready oh that's what we wife that's what
we wanted oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah look
at all look at it go nice and perfectly
sitting so we need a timer I better back
oh it's starting to look good 20 more
seconds on this side I'm flipping out
bitch over and turn this off and lo and
behold the cooking is done the steaks
are ready are you prepared not a fan of
a rump myself book you know with a drip
in that drizzle dripping that reserve
yeah you used all my sauce here at M&S
it's a it's a TNC steak it's a tom
cassell stick well the rest right use a
little bit that I could get the chips in
it I'm cutting it open
oh wow that's a good good that's a good
medium very good way I'm going to let me
try it first about this it's pretty
phenomenal yeah what I got no I've got
nine point five get out of here
really yeah no oh it's because I did the
other one well this one's medium you
gotta be kidding me
no I got a 9.5 oh my Tom's gonna open a
steakhouse just sayin shouts tasks over
the four pound fifty states may I take
those steaks and I do damage to them
look out juicy days I actually nailed
how medium that is yeah yeah I'm stole
I'm saying this right now this room does
get too hot and I said to me industrial
a/c but I'm so for that state was so
good that I'm used to a ribeye not the
size of that one way I'm absolutely fat
as a tack but I Bank can we get dramatic
zoom in on Cal's face success
I got a wind stuck on the lake in rule 8
just jumping around I know but hey we
did it
so smart I like I like I said Kyle stop
in Ulan bullshit we smashed that we were
like a firings but it was like you were
like don't go do dodo when I'm covering
our boys I started shaving I rather do
sighs yeah well done nice one
my boy I realize 11 kill victory then
yeah three wins in one night
damn son nah he's way we call it a day
mate that's what the lungs have salvo we
play to all our friends and I was the up
close bottle guy he stayed his distance
we listen to each other shout outs a man
we secured the W three times that was
amazing that was such good gameplay then
I didn't even realize we're all living
kills in the end like shit we pushed
before I loved it oh God
such a good feeling when you're good and
compare this to like the days when we
don't get when it's that right sea like
a humpback
but when we get winds
well mighty 9 or 9 or 69 er no but I
know sure cow nicer oh we need to make
sure the original sliders that is just a
fact
oh my God look at the moon do you always
say like I want to get on a schedule
just reminisce about that right well
it's early in the morning and binge is
streaming wait I always thought no one
ever streamed like early in the morning
cuz no punks it's like never an audience
awake you know like say people are at
work or school or college or you need
some other you know don't go wrong
there's people who just sit around at
home or job job or don't go and do those
things are for whatever medical reasons
sure but no there's like no hundred
thousand people watching ninja play
fortnight
like two o'clock in the afternoon I'm
gonna have to rethink this whole
streaming thing just simply because you
know I thought I know about streaming I
thought I knew what wasn't I clearly
don't bought if I do indeed if you tuned
in to my live stream last night if I do
indeed go full-time streaming for like
say a month just to see how it goes when
the new card comes out and vlog my
adventure still when I'm going off
traveling they'll be interesting to see
what I like a daily like return to wife
Shimon will be so more information about
that coming soon also I did in this vlog
today have the story of what went down
with West and the fight and all this and
I tweeted out like you'll hear about it
in today's vlog and that was the plan
that was everything else gonna happen
West gave me a phone call and was like
I'd appreciate it if you don't put it in
I can understand for like truly at like
legal reasons and all that sort of stuff
why he doesn't want to put it in because
it's like a testimony of what went down
and West was completely on the right
with what I did 100% like the guy was an
absolute cocky bastard and
and he got added coming to him and
everyone who's heard the story is like
oh my god I think I did it that was he
had to come in but was didn't want it
put it in so unfortunate I can't tell
you about it I won't be doing just know
in respect for where's it where's for
any reason that lady wants to tell you
guys I'm sure will and if you meet him
in person because some people go into
his restaurant I'm sure I'll let you
know the details there and so yeah if
you want to go and hear the story of how
where's it's like it's like a magazine
in it like find out next week but find
out if you go into the restaurant speak
twice I'm sure I'll tell you but yeah he
just did want me to put it in a blog and
let you know what like lead anywhere and
get into any trouble or anything like so
unfortunately it won't be telling you
what happened with that guys I'm really
sorry but it is where it is so until
another fight kicks off that I can talk
about with West because that was the
third one I've ever seen him involved in
in the past five two years and I'll be
sure to let you guys know about it so
thanks for watching today's vlog if you
haven't done already and you don't
follow me on Twitch I'm gonna be live
streaming tonight gonna be playing some
Sim City yeah no joke some since say I'm
gonna really start messing around with
some variety streaming you know not just
like far night not just card not just on
B's not just minecraft I want to do like
variety streaming stuff like that and
then put a black votes for people to
decide like what game we play next so
that's the other plan of action so guys
thank you very much for tuning in make
sure you drop that like right click the
subscribe button if you're new around
here and you watch these vlogs that you
not subscribe click the subscribe button
and I will see you guys tomorrow in the
next day a vlog at 6 p.m. and there's
always Byron thanks for adding it thanks
for you guys watching and I'll see you
tomorrow
much love I said yes
