well last night was very eventful I'm
just saying that right now simply
because there was a fight so new dawn
it's a new day and we have to oh sorry
my house has been robbed by and bikers
oh that was nasty
ok first of all you two look so goddamn
cool
right now I'm immediately jumping into
this right now last time you guys took
part in what was it you guys raised how
much money with the power of you guys we
raised so much money and then give it
taken a part in this ride again and how
much we want to raise more than that so
we're gonna need your guy's help
immediately
a penny I know first of all listen we
need the power of you guys to sponsor
penny a pound liquid our inscription the
writing for charity I need you guys to
help donate I'm gonna be donating that
was a pretty good pitch we're all - to
help raise 1700 pounds last time we want
to try and beat that so if you can
donate please do what to be fair it is I
can't really argue that can I so there
you go I've never seen one of these bow
oh nice bad boy you've got here what's
the engine watch the engine Oh big boy
Suzuki GSX what do 500 gone give us a
real think biker proper awkward camera
is a what oh good come not careful my
bollocks are about to walk out balls on
the road
oh come up is utility so funny with the
other it's nice up me it's a unique
example salutely Massey alright yeah
what see the ride away give us a wave
no but by now can we get a slow-motion
replay of my mom giving me the middle
finger that would be great thanks for
that Byron of trying to get organized
because I'm going to my goddaughter 2nd
birthday today and I'm going there at
about 5 minutes yeah I need to get
showered changed and get ready for it
but um hello hi granddad what are the
chances of you turning up when I'm about
to do something oh here we go he's gonna
tell me I've not fixed my defender I
know I know I know one day or maybe in
another year I'll finally I state I hate
people who don't get the cash fix like
dumb wrong I couldn't send it as a
financial issue but there's no financial
issue she's getting fixed and I'm like
going goodbye now oh my god you knew
that I have to go I was like gun dad I
love you but unfortunately I have to
balance international RKO we're out no
area right you have a good day last
night can't wait to see the CCTV footage
I can say without that was absolutely so
glad I got to see her birthday if we
would have still been in Whitby I would
have been racing home to get to that
party house or the fact that we came
back yesterday panned out like perfectly
so that was amazing
I'll go right now gonna go get some food
and I think I'm going to be doing to the
cinema Bolivia so that is the plan of
action we're going to go watch a movie
and I think the I think the film were
watching is called a simple favor so I
think it's better friller not too sure
what to think of it I might do a trailer
review thing here but same time I might
not so if I don't but whatever Oh
someone's been nicking the bowling balls
from Hollywood ball either way time to
go and watch wasn't called for watching
a simple favor I said I said supposed to
be like a horror simple favor was
amazing I'm going to say this right now
man out at them yeah it was so good the
plot twists in it amazing the storyline
amazing acting amazing it was so fun it
was a really really good mother there's
only one place to eat right now and that
is Nando's
100% yes do you you don't know oh god
damn it she's being fussy what you mean
you don't want to know what none knows
and me and Lydia both own cinema pike
cards where you can basically pay like
13 quid a month for smarter 50 per month
and you get to go to seven sorry 17 put
them on and you get to go to the cinema
as many times as you want come both as
many times as you want
so it just been to the cinemas I'm just
saying this right now
there's still time today I reckon we
should go back to the cinemas twice in
one day I've never done that my pictures
boiling in my little excitement thing
also shout to this guy's everyone's me
when I walked in easygeeze thought we
did just watch that film when I gave it
a 9 out of 10 but the new predator films
out so chemical see you are not even
scared of beer yeah that makes sense
you get on time that's it now supposed
to be a high five and then you like
Simba honey I know this is quite a pop
this is a fuck if you got a boxing watch
so you basically know right there was
this actor in this film and I was like I
was like oh looks like Island Oh bloom
and then I was like
yeah no no it's not Ireland it's
definitely not our underboob and then I
was like oh my god Joey Joey
it's the the guy who plays that the elf
for the one day in order the Rings and
as she said I live in it you know what
it wasn't even on Islander boom it was a
completely different actor I was talking
about
we'd play I prefer the other one but we
got farmer size we got chicken breasts
we've got not quite very very chip -
it's supposed to be creamy mash corn and
spicy rice boom did never go to
understand those and you get the patty
patty salt use as much as you want and
their chicken thighs amazing I've got to
thank her for introducing me to I all
used to get the chicken breast but now
every time I come chicken thighs are
they every day ah that mandos gets a
nine out of ten very familiar site we'll
go into the movies twice in one night
boom roasted oh my god we're watching
predator hi Matt and we well want to see
this girl she's gonna love it oh my god
I can't wait
what is this these toy soldiers okay
wasn't scary wasn't it what do you think
it was honestly one of the worst
storyline films I've ever watched in my
life to reality all the reason to get
three is gonna like credit its Tara it
was terrible it was so it was honestly
don't waste your money on it
do not waste it what have the acting bra
terrible the cinema twice in one night
feel like a right nerd now but I tell
you somewhere I'm glad we didn't turn up
to the cinema to watch that on a
separate day just to like watch it enjoy
it and then feel like I've wasted the
night so you know what we've seen it I'd
give the first movie watched a simple
favor and nine out of ten and that three
out and what did you give up then oh not
as a predator though an action film yeah
any true hard like with true hardcore
fans of the predator series just prepare
for disappointment
ladies and gentlemen do we have some
good news credit it might not have been
good news sir you know the phones great
but the good news from today is that in
tomorrow's vlog we should hopefully be
accepting delivery of my brand new
iPhone X s and as you can see right now
it is the 24th and it says delivered on
the 24th so I'm hoping that gets to live
it I'll do like an unboxing video and
all that stuff going down about it
bought this will mean that the vlog will
officially finally be in one smooth
farmer and you might not even know is
the difference of what the farm up means
but let me kind of try and explain to
you so when I'm filming on this camera
this is 720p footage and you know is
that the vlog is actually rendered in
1080p but this is 720p 30fps so like
when I move it's not like fluid but when
I'm filming with this camera look it's
nice and smooth it's like crispy 1080p
60fps and I keep switching between the
two I don't film like this I don't go
like hey guys how you doing you know
using this back camera I stopped switch
the camera to the front one every single
time I want to show you a different shot
so if I'm like a blob of water talking
then I might see some than the distance
you know again I don't learn like stop
facing this camera over there because
this is the poor quality camera and now
that doesn't really make a lot of sense
because you know like when I'm vlogging
and I'm talking if I'm like talking to
someone or I'm
the camera you would expect like that
quality to be the best are good because
you know that's what you're putting out
on the internet book no you guys have
been getting a potato quality Tom and
hopefully after tomorrow you can t be
getting much higher quality potato Tom
I'm by how much more I'm not too sure it
might not even be noticeable but the
movement like blurriness sort of thing
should be the biggest difference you'll
see in the vlogs from 30fps too sick vs
yes is a major major difference so I am
currently waiting in all day today to
try and see when this van is going to
arrive to drop it off so in tomorrow's
vlog
let's hope we've got an unboxing and if
we don't it never came so until then
which look to your faces emotionally
like green subscribe and tomorrow
hopefully Byron will be editing our
vlogs in a crisp 1080p 60fps from now on
sorry from the more hard work Byron the
clips are gonna be bigger it's gonna
take longer to get to sent to you but
found it found you down that's a week so
I'm going we'll find out tomorrow there
is a difference I've compared a clip
from what this phone and the iPhone X s
tomorrow
you like front face it like to see if it
even makes a noticeable change it really
really should do you know what like
Apple were able to do this is such a
long time ago and the fact that they've
only just done it now is like why so mmm
I'm just gonna find out tomorrow
I am not getting too excited I'm just
gonna sit here play runescape and chop
trees and then when the Apple iPhone
delivery comes we can then potentially
get excited so I'll see you guys
tomorrow okay
which left your faces adios and have a
great day now pray family
