it's forgetting - oh it's not even
snowing man I tell you actor I'll tell
you something I was hoping it it snowed
then we would wake up to a white
Christmas an alarm code in oh oh oh yeah
that's right you keep going don't you
look don't you pillow my on my road like
you usually do you always take a turd
around here nice it's quite hefty and
large do I know you're always ok and
you'll eat how are you doing
you okay you look okay you're right
what's up dude
foot foot foot foot foot foot foot I
want to make sure she's OK for yesterday
no she seems to be eating fine so I'll
keep my eye on her and hopefully she'll
be a-okay and if she's still got
anything our system she'll poop it out
cap you collected and it's time for well
I'm not gonna do it to you just because
boy my friend oh you really do look cute
hello okay he's like my head he's gonna
be yeah I'll get it
no it's okay it's okay it's okay it's
okay you look cute for a whole two
seconds I got ya see do that hey play
with it it's not my bloody head it was a
Santa hat sir
Dean England Christmas is tomorrow
my granddad wants to give gifts the day
before not too sure why wine foot sir
okay so Lydia looks absolutely stunning
sterling dead smart I look smart from a
pity chocolate Center Christmas Eve it's
just so contradictory because when I
went last time to go pick up girls
president I was like I'm not that person
I'm not stupid enough to go Christmas
Eve I believe you've met last minute oh
just give me something anything
yeah I think I've done all my Christmas
shopping I'm just trying to make sure if
not I can at least pick something up
also feeling very kind of into the
weather I'm kind of fighting as much as
that kind of feel I feel all my bones
feel weak
but yeah wonder why yeah I mean system
dropped drunk too much looks like
exactly what I want to eat on Christmas
Eve mmm
yes yes I've no idea what this dishes
yep
Christmas Eve Christmas it why are we
here on Christmas Eve why why why well
it's casual it's almost like a standard
Saturday or something like that it's
kind of like a step well it's kind of
like your standard Saturday like it's
really not too bad but it's familiar but
but it's like a Saturday but understand
oh this is trainer shop this is where I
got these shoes from I'm gonna try and
see if I can find anything nice what's
up ah I've always wanted these shoes
thoughts yeah oh my god yeah look to
wear those in public no I'll just take
this really dirty shoe off I don't take
that one this one bad new yeah look will
they notice well I can definitely say
happy with these now I've taken off my
potato trainers and I've gone for these
bad boys
very nice very sleek very clean
something new for Christmas oh yeah look
at that look at that
sassy bootie up there I love it busiest
day of the year and the Trafford Centre
Christmas Eve what does Lydia do what
does she do wearing khakis Worcester
khakis sick thank God I bought some new
trainers cuz I'm definitely gonna be
walking home no no no no shame shame
shame shame shame
and you found the keys not mine
I was really expecting you to say you
didn't have them so last time we came to
trust are you lost our presence I know
you lost your car keys
you're just very lucky that was very
nice people to work at traps Andrew
handing stuff right always do the right
thing
what's the fun be nice and festive
Christmas Eve you've got a nice little
band playing I love you baby
beautiful finally I found rose baking
look what did you give me mango and
silent I did I even picked up a
watermelon effective of watermelon and
thought no she said melon and I picked
up nah yeah oh you clearly just woke up
but are you high or something are you
feeling - you okay okay you seem okay
okay okay oh my god
don't you stick your tongue out to be
little cat hello what are you looking at
like seriously but there's like
terrifying
oh you've not brought a gift for my
class No Grenda demet what Steve case
you're not having your gift until you
get them this alright
and what is this big box or mine for use
bigger yep
don't just set that you can't even say
anything I've just made of a brownie
spill it you didn't even say anything
even owned up to it
Oh can't even mention it
you're just gonna leave it my cats are
on crack there's so much stuff for them
to play with in this room that they're
just like yeah this place looks like a
bomb went off it and I love it
in just an FYI Lydia wrap my Grandad's
Christmas present she's actually the
best thing that's ever happened to me oh
my god
this is incredible now you can open your
eyes that's your told you told you is
bigger than mine can you guess what it
oh that's good wrapping that any
granddad yeah he's done that yeah he's
with the probe could okay ugh you - I'll
give you 20 quid later you've been
naughty you're not getting a little
Christmas tree look Oh okay she's proper
like please don't think was there's so
much to play with by now get locked
downstairs
hey how much money would you spend for
this kind of wrapping have you seen this
this is at least that's like I'd pay to
what you quit an item for that smear out
I'm just saying you boy you are lucky
you know this is really not babe that is
amazing
this is kind of like a Tom's finally
become a man he's got a girlfriend and
two cats
I usually wrapped my presence in tin
foil but rather than tin foil this year
they're so smartly wrapped in silver Oh
Lydia oh you good also I just point out
what she's made he's these eight who's
the icons but they're not icons are they
what are they pinecones these pinecones
she's maybe did you make them at school
she's spray painted them in pain of gold
with glitter on silver well done that's
a gold sorry but they look amazing
absolutely incredible
well about time this video goes live
spoilers but by the time this video goes
live sorry yeah they'll know they've
already open the presents spoiler piracy
garden watching long grandad Karim
hopefully no scratches on that thing but
um yeah you know I said I bought new
shoes today yeah can I forgot to put one
I thought it was dry out it's it's not
dry it's really not right and another
note of failures I've just had Lydia no
job by the way people that always like
you always make you do everything
Liddy's a very very kind person and
officer do things I usually wrap my
presence in tin foil just because that's
how I like to do it but she was like no
no I'll do it I'll do it
fine if you want to do it then you can
do it she's wrapped them all but then I
forgot this is one gift
got to wrap so I think I will be
wrapping this in tin foil
look at me grounded I'm not bloody Santa
Claus hey not only are they had wagons
driving over my lawn smash it on my path
look at these horse who's me this all
what the fuck yo oh my god how do you
even manage this I'll ring you I'll just
ring you every past 12 o'clock I'll ring
you you've got to be kidding me that has
done so much damage to my garden wow wow
wow wow wow why would a horse come down
here this is not a public path by the
way the public parts on that side this
is actually my line I don't open til
that horse done this well obviously it's
a hot spot
suck it what I won't forget to give it
him get out of here go on take your
stallion giddyup goats
you don't think I'm gonna do you know in
the Army you know that metal hedgehogs I
think metal spikes yes I'm just gonna
install them all the way down here maybe
some barbed wire somewhere that maybe
that'll stop people drive it into it but
next news someone probably reversed and
smashed into my fence it's my boy well
I'll be looking at CCTV to find out
which horse rider that was and be
sending them a gardening bill I thought
you know what if you cares it's
Christmas
you don't yet know that there's like a
method once you learn it and you've
actually taught yourself how to do it
then it's just easy part a pothead some
cheese and crackers we do wait for you
man
thank you thank you jeez can't really go
off though connect I really don't think
geez can Bob if anything you can just
get more mature yeah it's time for a
story so what I'm not being able to
speak about for ages in the vlog is to
fight that be worked out at Disney well
she was at Disney she has a friend
called Jose now Jose Spanish dude really
nice guy I met before I think he's
actually been in the vlog previously but
anyway they were like oh we're gonna see
each other on Christmas and him was no
we're not gonna see each other oh no
what a shame she even shipped him off
his Christmas present all that sort of
stuff but lo and behold we're gonna pick
him up from the airport she has no idea
I was in the house today and I just went
oh so it's just like but she's like dead
upset that he's not gonna be here she's
count a little bit mad but she's not mad
okay so I'm gonna go to the airport now
pick him up drive to the the house where
everyone's out like all the fun way and
then I'll listen it's gonna be I'm in
radio and then oh wait why does it stop
I was random good Spanish guy yeah there
you go Spanish guy come in the rooms oh
that's fun it makes let's make shit
happen
Oh
yes so basically hose is their hose he's
got through security
I'm really but to be fair he is early so
it's my friend I've known how's it gonna
end
don't worry we're always late to
everything I'll be late to my own
funeral
like honestly but we'll be with you in a
minute so hopefully Terminal 3 which I
think he may be in terminal 3 you met
for the first time second man yesterday
stay cozy my friend stay frosty Jose my
friend my friend are you yeah okay yeah
you wait there who will be there in one
minute we'll be there in one minute
right just stand there and then when you
see Mercedes start waving your hands up
in the air okay and we'll see you oh
okay okay then don't wave your hands in
the air we'll find you we'll just find
you don't worry about right we'll see
you in a minute
all right love you're my friend he's
Spanish I can say I do
Jose Jose
Oh Jose my friend my friend Jose this my
friend is Jose wow this guy's trying to
run you over my friend
operation hose where is it Jose yo I by
the way I nearly ruined it yesterday
yeah a close because right oh really
by the way she was so sad about your
package
in on time and stuff by everyday there's
been so many moments you know what she
said yesterday oh we were talking as you
say oh you know he's scared that you're
not coming to say I would be really
close with you because you know all the
back it's leaning on a staff if you come
I would be really close this might be
really awkward now you beat you'll be
fight she'll be so happy literally just
says range consumption may be like 0
km/h
he says zero and then a second to go it
went into what winding mode right we
really need this to be a pay the pump
option if not yeah we're fucked
Oh take this good idea x petrol station
we we don't we hope it's open or hope
yes yes save us not even we read we
talking about we worried right right
yeah let's risk it let's see if we can
make it home oh oh my God look at him
he's like please just get me there
please
all right we're fully filled up we
cannot not break down now we're fine I
mean we can not let's treat yourself to
the good life update on the plan right
so B is currently not other PI that
would go into I like get together that
we going to she's going home so we're
gonna rush to the party now
Jose your plan is to just set on the
sofa smooth operator
we were like hey get some flowers from
the petrol station he was like she
doesn't like flowers yeah so so that's
what I think that's what gonna do we've
just got to make sure that we get to
that by for any minute she's gonna be
here so rush it into the house we know
we at sea right now we were gliding my
heart is racing
don't know
so I didn't even get to see you it's
nice to see you tonight
thanks for the cheer you know successful
Matt when you're leaving with pretzels
so thank you very much how alone did
that go just as your fund was it good it
was amazing Oh sexiest like Oh Lydia
this is gonna be our cat's first
Christmas yeah there's 10:00 to midnight
come on upstairs it especially I feel
like I should have a party poppers
I'm watching Harry Potter yes again
continuing with the Goblet oh yeah by
the way the reason why I'm enjoying and
watching this so much is because Lydia's
read all the books and listen to him all
so she knows all the facts about all the
carrots about everything so I can proper
like the comma confuse them blah explain
and she doesn't it's min so what are you
doing what are you doing in the back
it's Christmas it's Christmas goodies
it's your first ever Christmas in your
life Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
we'd love you even if you did poop on
the sofa and even if you did eat some
fishing wire yesterday or whatever it
was we love you we love you a lot now if
you'd like to get out feel free to jump
you know why cuz look they again
tag-teamed ones inside the box the bag
ones outside it so inside outside and
they're slowly together scratching and
destroying it so look he's doing the
outside job she's doing it's not bad not
bad
just like Harry Potter is over little
kitty oh you need flashlights on little
kitty cats Merry Christmas Christmas
Christmas and the Christmas may you have
eaten balloon I'm glad you're okay and
not in the hospital at Christmas so her
eyes go where'd they look hello
mmm a Merry Christmas you would have
been on your own this year if we didn't
get your brother I think you were happy
that we did get him because you're a
happy little kitty cat is now Christmas
Eve Christmas Day so thank you very much
for watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe I hope you are watching
this on Christmas Day your friends your
families you know if you're alone
know what no matter what wherever you
are the world I hope you have a very
Merry Christmas and a very happy day and
hope Santa brought you everything that
you asked for
but thanks watching thank you for being
with me for so long and yeah time to see
what the Christmas is going to be like
this year a kitties that they're
actually just can be staying at home I'm
gonna feed them and then leave him for
the rest of the night so you can't say
gonna get nothing but I still need to
wrap that presents there on the shelf
over there so thanks for watching I love
you guys make sure you follow me on
twitter at pro syndicate on instagram at
syndicate and you guys can follow me
every second of the day of christmas day
so much love and I saw the hot muffins
