I haven't really got over this whole
jet-like thing yet o'clock afternoon
start in my day I'm very used to
traveling back from LA like when I come
back from America that's like my
destination that's usually when I'm
traveling from I used to get enough
sleep on the plane by the time I get
here I've forced myself to stay awake
and then I'm fresh for like the next
like start in week but coming back from
Florida it's not quite worked I'm
getting outta bed extremely late every
single day and that's just not what I
want to be doing right now open I'm
getting get in the car I'm going out for
some food I'm going out for some food
real quick right now um and in three and
a half hours I'm gonna be meeting up
with my brother and we're gonna be going
driving to Whitby camper
move it move this vehicles turned up
thank you good time when I go to put my
car into reverse start going backwards
in my parking sensor like what there's
nothing you're a cheeky bastard yeah
yeah I will be seeing you later my car
sensors were going crazy I just couldn't
understand why the hell it was beeping I
looked in my mirror because I usually
don't have to look on my mirror to
reverse out my own house cuz I know
there's no one there I looked at the
mirror it's gone so we are going to
Whitby today and we've chose the best
day to go to the seaside perfect okay
come on camera one job the perfect way
to start my breakfast
the hoho and the Lydia actually well
it's one of those things forgetting food
to you as well that's it everyone's
nearly freaking out like oh my god babe
babe babe babe babe
cavitus I'm starving wasn't food and
Lydia has brought me somewhere start you
explain what it is no joke the whole
thing its massive I'll show you out
earlier
and when we were when I was seven but I
converted the basement into a restaurant
into a man who with the first chef and
I'm just saying this
she's a bastard I can't believe their
dad that dad gave away a restaurant just
like this about your nut imagine having
a homie who owned a restaurant that's so
Chinese food oh my god
so pepper chicken for bass so come on
for some lunch
all's good in the hood and we have
turned up at exactly 4:30 on the dot
Seward but only people in the restaurant
and there's lots of salt peppered stuff
chicken stuff on this menu so we'll get
a broad ring lots of nice food for a
very healthy breakfast seems that you
know the person who owns this place
where do they import their well
mushrooms of she'd get in England tofu
in England pork chops in England frogs
legs I've never been to a Chinese
restaurant in England and seen frogs
legs I wonder where he got that film mmm
feed the 5,000 with it this was supposed
to be breakfast okay this is a lot of
food okay so on pepper chips what's that
mixed house pork chops
Wow okay at the taste of the foot of the
salt and pepper
chip and that was amazing I'm gonna go
for try for the salt and pepper pork
chop
my hat's come on enough ten times to the
point where it's got to this I've been
seriously defeated this was a first I
give it a 7 point 5 this was really good
food it was just that Lydia was talking
to me and I was a bit distracted and she
said would you like sweetens this
warhead would you like a sweet and sour
this Oh hot and spicy curry oh I don't
want sweet and sour hot and spicy secure
I can only have a little bit of it no
apparently that was hot and I chose the
harsh in her room the salt and pepper on
all the dishes that was on pepper
no wonder my tongue is burning I'm very
full now I drunk an entire pie up coke
I'm giving birth just letting you know
that Lydia it's a glow is that the right
one why though she's an outsider because
she isn't as good as chopstick was it
mean does it mean it means why are you
just made me like guys you outside I'm
sorry I'm actually though this changes
everything
we're dead
that was really good see that Biron but
I like fruit it was just overwhelming
the amount of juice that way in an open
break you well okay then
Oh whole restaurant this this whole
thing look let me show you this whole
thing used to be Lydia's house amazing
she showed me fit the vault was it like
a kid rescue so like run and play around
here and stuff secret hey going I'm
still filming it is it's a crap I'm
gonna say in the sacred secret secret
that's the secret
it's the secret fly tip in zone I used
to wait so the bucket you got to play in
a river oh that's actually kind of cool
oh please please fall please fall please
fall useful please pop please snap you
listen up please now listen up please
fall I used to make plays this was a
lovely memory lane I'm gonna leave you
in this little crack alley now to just
disappear my front door is there
approaching I am like look how nice it
is over in the distance that well nice
edge and then look how these clouds come
upon me I'm basically trapped in my car
and I can't get to my front door hello
hello hello oh it seems like it's coming
down Naza fuck that's dad that's dad I'm
panicking no I'm panicking oh shit oh
man just so back on both polycon fine
but what about it I'd say that timed out
perfectly alright it's currently quarter
to seven I'm supposed to be going to
work Whitney
in the next 15 minutes hmm have I packed
have I helped
oh we're ready to go and look who's here
back who just dropped on me saying that
we're not staying in the hotel whilst
we're going to Whitby we're going to be
sleeping in the back of these BMW on an
air bed
which I'm totally fine with anyone yeah
I've got like four pillows and a double
mattress will be sorry double quilt will
be fine to share it I'll be bringing my
own quilt cover thank you very much
don't eat all at once don't get too fat
wait gum gum gum gum there's my phone
charger yeah if you got put to put that
in with yeah yes apologize for what
oh yeah these colors don't belong on
this car okay Oh have you had done pods
it's a lie senior it's not engine shows
are busy it's a BMW 5 so nice I like the
blackout mmm home for the next two days
there's not someone I could survive
better with then someone who's in the
army self we know how its goddamn done
Hey and then cooked to the clip where
I'm in a hotel for the night and just
like that we made it to Whitby whoa-oh
Ken's here already oh there's a body
jokes
yeah we just meeting up with my dad and
then we're rallying on down it's like a
tune our phones right it's not last time
and it took me three hours just saying
are you ready what is this we're all
rocking hearts where's your heart dad
where's your heart for God's watch where
is he yes just for the record well go we
are going here cuz it's like it's like a
little father-son an adventure but yeah
it is we're going for Lee's birthday
it's called not have a tiny edgy face
cretin right where does he go lai lai
lai okay no it's not so we're going
driving in this and dad's driving in
this with lady Lee my dad is sleeping in
this and me and my sleeping in that mmm
Oh goddamnit
finally at what time 8:15
go left go okay we're going right yeah
we are totally not gonna get that later
anything you'll be crying when you wake
up in the morning and you want one of my
cereal bars just saying oh no your
bloody wounds and you're not spooning me
either
it's 6:00 I need two a day to a day for
me to hate him before
that's who for me let's get some better
yeah I can drink the entire way you can
losing power
no we do not need you actually oh good
news I suppose I should give you a
better mustache happy birthday mate
stand on your ass keg stand prize
surprise surprise egg surprise surprise
I figure we got some Budweiser's some
Stella's gonna create a backs there's a
lot of pups
we're not gonna be short pause I don't
need to get any more nuts and some
crisps don't even dis the pie earrings
just like that I have now the snaps for
the road open for Tom Google for Tom now
this is my snacks
wait what laziest uber driver ever bitch
we are on the hot pursuit of Ken we
think he's in front of us somewhere but
we're not sure where yeah that's right
get in the right lane
okay just point something out what can
it mark from the side it really is like
a nearly four year old version of me but
wait oh wait have you got
I'm gonna review this I can confirm mark
does not have my weird nostrils so we
can't take that off as it being my life
by all the twin Oh God I've got deflated
nostril oh by the way we picked up we
like the way we picked up a hitchhiker
on the way dad was like yeah can't be
asked to that so we've now got the
ginger in the back what do you say the
aftermath right so if we go back this is
look at it like a four-year-old meat
it's like look I know you're the
four-year-old okay but look he's got the
weird bump in the nose right he's got a
really shit moustache and beard just
that's a really defined jaw line oh my
god could I open get that with him for
it and then he's ready to get rich you
know let's do fuck well yeah you know
didn't have to say that did you sorry
you've got one on you yeah why can't we
pick for please this is now well and
truly the pie bus so let's get this show
on the road
we southern found Kenya he's ahead of us
somewhere we'll find him next stop
Whitby which is like another two hours
to go by the way so I have to ring my
back my dad backed up conversation I
will not be able to say this entire
journey to be secure to the temperature
up and down and then turn the music up
an ounce
I love my brother I love it Wow much
love 50 roads why there's no one even in
the road doing you bad turn the sign off
right there's nothing more manly here
and British then standing and pissing by
the side of the lay by as cars go pass
it on by I've got one brother in a tree
down there I've got one brother over
there proper bonding experience this
shall we was gonna do well I could only
assume ease I thought can behind the one
key we just drove past ginger there is
Bucky but should we really leave him
though hi I know this looks quite good
yeah yeah it's right quits right good oh
hey I thought you still smoke that
cigarette is so quick it was like gotta
go
this is it we've met well done mark
we're not there yet
Oh buddy I'm going to cover up hard but
we're almost there
I remember this road this is the last
time we chased dad down to Whitby
we chased it up again oh we're all those
pretty there Karen were covered two and
a half hours later we made it to our
destination this could potentially be
home for the night not quite sure we've
got a load of boats out in front of us
which look beautiful and somehow we beat
Kenny by eight miles he's eight miles
away so we're just kind of waiting for
him to get here and decide where we're
gonna Park up for the night and call
home so and if we're going out I'm not
too sure but if we are I probably need
pants on not shots
beds looking mighty comfy back the seven
hours later is made it good are you mate
oh we can't park here anymore
now this isn't we're gonna camp for the
night because all the places that we
used to be now taking part like we've
been here before and camped this is an
abbey we're not intended on camp in here
we were just investigating it check it
out because I don't really wanna get
stabbed by Dracula because apparently
Dracula was buried here which I don't
think is true news because that's
Pennsylvania which could be also fake
news but yeah not a fun of what we're
about to do right now we're about to go
and walk around an abbey hopefully not
okay this just seems like an awful idea
what are we doing wait I've already
walked around a prison that was hard I
don't want to walk around an abbey oh
god oh god no lovely we can't get any
closer because there's this huge
something for it don't know if you can
see it yeah don't know if you can see
all the way down we are going to find a
compass box closed the pack there is a
packed off and there's a hundred quid
fine if you parked whether it's a sign
book we'll find somewhere eventually
just sayin
oh never laugh but oh my gosh does this
better look so comfy tonight well no I'm
still sharing with mark and probably
going to get spoon to death
search for a Motorhome we still have not
found a place to sleep the adventure man
this car's parked in the way of this
lame that we need to get by and dad's
just in a surgical operation to get past
it ruin that that don't even know if we
can park down there make it up as we go
along
trying to make you up for the past hour
now no look I can't wait to sleep in
this bed tonight we found a place can
you wait to be in this bed mark I'm
gonna whip myself on your body oh my
walk me through my room tour welcome yes
oh this is my front room sorry sir
there's the kitchen the kitchen
country over there let's see oh yes some
suite bathroom oh and then round the
back round a bit round oh hell yeah
that's quite fast let's go - pretty
quick that's right
not bad Doug finest suede kumki
materials I have some people being my
item you only stay in bougie hotels do I
though
what do you do how about this is how we
do don't say that tomorrow
hang on yeah wise epileptic morning
prepare yourself we're in town
especially public who finished up now
I'm liking it
yeah boys yeah boys all right so mark
said he brought some pillows okay nice
and my quilts there and then I don't
know where his his is I think that's it
I've got my pillowcases on you you
totally just on these pillowcases in you
were you borrowing second dungeon fellow
cases yes no it says four pillowcases
wait did that just come out I'm folded
together small child by the Almighty and
trusty where the fence is up until one
o'clock so he's going there for a bevy
I've been going there if all else fails
there's three nightclubs now
not one in Whitby stop popping around
here sorry three round there yeah no
absolutely dead town but trust me it
gets going and down there is where we're
gonna go to try see a passing light
socket a really we made it pleasure
trips on Whitby's old ice boat
Marianne Hepworth yeah why would you do
that just nothing no way either way
welcome back to Whitby
can a nice innit very tranquil gorgeous
yes this doesn't look like we're gonna
get a beer down here press-gang oh don't
don't don't hate press down courage it
looks like we're taking some sort of
shortcut through potentially people's
gardens and it may look like I'm trying
to steal from my flashlight all right it
does look like if we do why don't we go
through all the spoons spoons is the
place to go what so dumb it's actually
straight out of Alice in Wonderland
playing cards a clock or more playing
that's what is this
it must be mysterious no I must open it
exercises do bicep curl with lunge no
choose a lower kg weight standing the
whole weight says you do a bicep curl
next hold the weights that show the
heights squat come up straight and then
push Tom I want my under winner I'm
gonna leave I'm gonna leave whoever's
exercise routine that is right there oh
sorry I found your exercise routine
sorry this looks like I want to visit in
the morning look at this they've got
like every single flavor of every single
funder to exist I'm assuming this is
like an American sweet shop or something
but this is right up my alley
these like just walk past these women
and they shower into us don't rub us we
don't have any money
nope sorry to disappoint you if we're
not we're not doing any robbing tonight
I do feel like after just being in
Florida you know like around Hogwarts
and stuff I feel like you mean like a
asset it's so like old school oh the
gold mine so old school died just
doesn't seem real I'm loving it
oh yeah a nice summery nothing was open
so we're gonna go to where
Weatherspoon's
it looks like so is everyone else yes
well no separate cheers just you me well
done I'm driving down appreciate my
thank you yeah you think you're getting
the money for that you think yeah them
were a few petrol you I do but it's
probably cheaper than you're a freelance
coach
so the bouncer from the last place was
right there is indeed one club a
nightclub like looks like brave and then
another bar and so we're going to JK is
not quite sure what JK's is about well
we're about to find out
mother that's a lot of gin I like how
Ivan about ordering gin and then all of
a sudden the distance I see my dad I
think my dad is take for yourself just
meet someone I like
not my dad kind of con I'm taking a boat
together on the one either way I'm in
the right place the BA the big is what
the biggest jinba hitting this place a
hundred and four different balls of gin
right now this place let me just explain
why
every bar or restaurant and hotel is
quote this is the moment laser drink so
welcome to the entirety of bravely right
house and you will smoke with high five
I
for you
the old man
Oh
let me just tell you we walked into that
bar and he was like I not this bounce
like whatever comes Bowser was like
whatever we got him who's been there the
entire night but he kept looking at his
balls right but it didn't make sense it
only just turns out now it only turns
out now that my brother it was in the
same regiment battery May which is on
the guns is it mine his homie from the
Army it was one of the bouncers on the
doors
boom what a small room that way that way
okay so the best way for me to say this
is the entire day so far is contained of
a family domestic like it have and it's
the thing that I've kept from the vlogs
and dad won't appreciate me doing this
I'm not sharing details it's just like a
family thing right you know you kind of
need to hash out and all that we've
advanced milk to us being like are you
sure we're in the middle of nowhere
wait B look how the train station is the
size of a shoe we're in the middle of
nowhere and we still happen to be
bumping into people and all that that's
and not in a rude way I've not been
trying to rude be rude to people but in
Japan why I need five minutes put them
on I need five minutes to these people
they're like oh you don't care about now
having a domestic it's been going on all
day so the domestic is continuing I'm
fine mom yeah he's never spoke to live
so I've not been involved in it all that
I'm trying to stay out of it I'm just
having a good time and having good vibes
and everything's going good so far but
in the domestic we've lost a brother and
we've lost a dad and this could end up
being a very serious issue drama but as
much as a domestic kicks off our mice
that's great yeah mother oh god oh my
god is actually open the front doors
wide open
I got pizzas burgers and kebabs three so
far
heis ago pusher girl yeah you know that
make nice one we actually thought we
were gonna be in bed by like one o'clock
yeah I found him
did I not whine about I found a buyer
and even the dreams of gaber I think it
was a gay bar
but I found a gin bar and it was booby
gin all night was dope
I really good night but I can't see the
night panning out any more than this so
what's wrong did you just Nicky's food
yeah I would go before you get stabbed
with a kitchen knife so guys make sure
you leave a like rating click Subscribe
didn't got notification bail and I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
phonetics a blog if anything ever comes
I'll throw it in the end of the vlog but
I think we're gonna be okay so until
then much love an assassin deep oh so
said anyone in Whitby a in Whitby some
tune another gonna fruit pastoral
philosophical that was a rhubarb sweet
Barbara now but to anyone I bumped into
him with me today it was very nice to
meet you but I'm really sorry that I was
involving like a family domestic so I
couldn't like stop and talk to all of
you I had to focus on what I was doing
so I love ya I'll leave you until then
so do
