I'm going to this hole not check like
thing I set my alarm for 10 a.m. to wake
me up it's now 2:30 in the afternoon I'm
gonna regret drawing that mmm today is
gonna wait what the hell I just had it
really no it's there there's this this
yes long-sleeve coat of arms why a long
sleeve you may asked well I was in
Florida it was huge it was warm foot it
England why like really the one day I
come back apparently the entire tower
being gone the weather's been absolutely
gorgeous people have been out in beer
gardens having a bevy I come back
pissing it dude either way I don't care
if it's two o'clock the money most
important meal of the day we chose well
know exactly we toes put breakfast cuz
breakfast is the most important meal of
the day you start your morning right you
start your daily but see as though it's
daily 3 p.m. I guess it's start you do
your day right end your day well mmm
okay in an update of winning you guys
all know that I don't have enough USBs
on my computer that look this keyboard
even has a USB on the side of it I'm
using that up so I've been unable to
help
I'm able are able to have this the
Firefly connected up until now
am i streamed it because I just realized
when I went on Amazon one second moment
when I searched for a USB 3 hub it was
like tada this is what you need and I
was like wait a minute wait what I have
one of those so I walked into my room of
just absolute tech and wires found the
cable came back in here and lo and
behold your bars got an extension cable
I think I think to say is like an
extension hub is someone that bought I
got the extension of up here rockin and
a-rollin plugged it in and now I've
still got all my USB things called and
I've got the ripsaw I've got the fire
for I've got the keyboard mouse like
webcam everything is plugged in
nothing's now not disconnected and I
might be able to set out my stream deck
and if you're wondering what's so
important about a stream down well let
me tell you so when I'm streaming stuff
on set music pause music so when I'm
currently streaming right I'm like well
once that let me go from like say I want
to go from this scene to like my fall
face and then I'll there right be right
back guys like that's our thing what I
want to do that I have to use my mouse
and click these options here however
with the stream deck when you set this
up you can make little face
is a pit on this bad boy like you can
you can make it change scenes so say if
I wanted to go oh I'm too busy playing a
game and I don't have to minimize the
game to go to here to click something I
have to do is go like that and it'll
change scene no you're wrong I've got a
set that entirety thing oh but what's
even cool about it is if you want sound
effects or something like that like
something funny like you know that you
like the SUBSCRIBE notification thing
that I used to have well I can set that
up as well so all I need is like salmon
people are that to make me like
hopefully like little emoticons to put
on here and that can connect into my
over yes so when I'm streaming I can be
like seeing change sound effect this
sort of stuff and I've I've had this
dream deck for absolutely ages now I'm
just not a deck setup because I didn't
have enough USBs it turns out I had that
USB extension thing for the last two
three years so okay this is sick you can
program it to like so many different
things that look these are all the
different functionalities you can have
but really cool thing is this here I
want to be able to take my chat from
like normal chats a subscriber only chat
and you can simply do it by like moving
this around put it wherever you want it
so like if you look here when I move
this to say top left hand corner I can
now move it down to bottom right corner
and it changed it to wherever but then
what's also even cool about it is that's
so weird
no way on camera you can't see that
guy's mega weird I don't know why or
what like the Hertz right if it is but
on camera you can't see this so if i
zoom in like that you can see it but if
i zoom out it completely disappears even
as much as I focus it bought if you look
at it that turns it into like a little
crown boy what that basically is is
Savoia mode but then you can title it so
if I do if I do type in sub there see
how I just typed in there if i zoom back
into this now it says soap underneath it
so if I say like watch I can delete here
in real time hi so whenever I'm in
twitch I think just click this button
and then are see it's not programmed
probably the more boy then I can switch
between normal chat mode and subscriber
mode rather than like type your older
stuff in I can just do it in the click
of a button
mm-hmm tell to your to the office my mom
needs to see me I need to sign some
stuff babe
bucket there's st. have you been you
okay
have you had a nicer week without
Ellison without me yeah but she was away
before that when she mister gnocchi's
always off on a little trouble should we
fire and give you a raise instead whoa
good answer Karen we take care of family
air
we take care of them wait mom where's
this come from what what I was looking
in the window just stared into space and
then all of a sudden I saw this oh my
god who on earth is made is this the
letter brought to you by call duty black
ops eggs nazi zombies oh my god this is
an easter egg at the cat crawl out on
the roof
oh my god wait are you coming cotton who
doesn't say ha no it says granddad
calling no way new DLC includes
syndicate playable character new weapon
not a flamethrower nah this is the most
amazing artwork ever holy shit hi Tom so
I've been watching your videos since
2010 in my year they spending that see
zombies with a friend trying to get to
the highest level possible almost 60 you
want to win a bit of Chiva but without
yeah since that I've graduated got a
market with my girlfriend and work at a
top design agency in London in London as
London as a senior graphic designer a
lot has changed except one thing
I still watch your videos I'm telling
you this
I made this poster for your house you
have too many white walls hopefully you
can decorate one I've come to learn life
is really too short and we really should
make the most of it thanks a bunch mark
28 decide that I'm Pro zombie player
mark I'm gonna get my mom now to get in
touch with you with the through your
email and we're gonna send you some swag
out for that brother we'll get you out
your size your details all that sort of
stuff and we'll hook you up brother that
is the sickest thing ever
I was like no joke mark I was just like
looking like I was just such a looking
at this wall like seen like blurred
figures walking past like yep this is
life just going on by going am I gonna
buy it right there no like on earth it
was almost hidden banished like a
collection of stuff but that is so sick
mark
honestly how good is that
that has to be up there we've straight
up one of the best ones we've ever been
sent in because that is incredible I
like how we just pimped out the Royal
Mail guy with a t-shirt at mum was like
oh yeah we got like this is our like
Richard don't worry you can stall him
all you want
put the mum did have a t-shirt in its
size and I went you know what mate you
actually like the design and he was like
yeah so we got them a brand new version
of one of these so man's rocking the
swags in the original copy if you
haven't got a shirt yet go get one this
is what I was gonna show you when I was
in Florida I was supposed to be avoiding
like three hurricanes and it was like oh
hurricanes
didn't see any of it like it wasn't bad
in the slice we got rained on once and
that was just a quick cloud flying over
this is storm something over from Island
that's coming from Ireland and look at
it it's absolutely sure today dude I
just said to the post guys well I think
I'd rather I'd rather be in the humidity
of Florida than in the rain of England
because like the humidity is bad but why
at least you can step into a sea or you
can just get used to it if you're out in
a while for this is awful this is really
bad in it this this is not negotiable
old the old old people wants to bring
this back by the way yeah that the first
of a line but if we bring that back we
need to just do a way where it's just
like the print stops there we need to do
a shirt where it goes down the sleeve as
well so it doesn't look like just took
off points so we'll work on it okay I
got everything high five
how about all sail to Byron Barry's
bucket in the vlogs if you might say
something here to you let's get roasted
by my mom what the boy Celia Baba Yaga
if you don't know up having a giri's you
need a Playstation blue so we're at game
and we're getting one walking out with
the no PlayStation Pro yeah they run out
stock
annex raining disappointed and cowpie it
out did you know
dig deaf I didn't get the memo syndicate
hearts like a company isomer is it team
syndicate originated syndicate resolves
the team names SOG SOG hey don't let me
down play
statie on playstation enter plus tune Oh
got a spell that way right oh there you
go PlayStation 4 nice okay we're getting
there it's the slowest thing in the
world but sure and PlayStation consoles
yes okay I need a PlayStation Pro okay
consoles no not instruct nice dark
knight in stock in stock but that's not
pro god damn it ps4 pro not in stock not
in stock god damn it oh gosh
disappointed with you however Curry's
Peter what's all this beeping carries PC
world I see Playstations do you have a
pro no no no no no no what why doesn't
know where sell the pro seriously why
does nowhere sell the pro I take it back
you can get a Playstation pro but it's a
Star Wars Edition I don't know how you
tell a girl like a ghost why is that
argos open and the other one isn't you
pre plumb this and gonna live straight
away your fault Denton however the
reason alternative ways going at Star
Wars Edition at hasta I'm nobody
no problem no somebody does it like
Chewbacca
no yeah check off you gotta is it what
one terabyte oh we like that Jack well
how can you reserve it you can't reserve
it Jack the Beanstalk I've got a new
nickname for you Jack gonna cash Sega's
calls recorded jack and then we'll find
out if we can get the console will ring
in let you don't forget it no I'll ring
you back and let you know we're gonna
get your feet foot road we're gonna be
on TISCO art easily get this console and
be set is okay so I was supposed to cook
a steak rain check that just cuz I can't
be bothered but this local the place
where I usually going at my Starbucks if
I upgraded it off so it looks mega
modern like super light sports bar style
under got like a football night good
menu so that we're just gonna mess with
this means dead no my gosh I look like
an absolute foster for I was gonna say a
foster effing there's a little child
there so I just have nothing
yeah I don't know what's going on to be
honest but right so we were just gonna
get there before we go leave me alone
kiddo can I'm a thing back you live you
saw some keys
okay so oh my god cow okay so we were
gonna eat there we sat down and looked
at the menus like yeah ever is not a
steak that he's gonna get was like 26
quid but that for plan fifty steak that
I can buy from Tesco I can just pick
that up there with the PlayStation Pro
is so there's no point wasting time go
get the PlayStation Pro get some steak
cook the steak save ourselves like 20
quid but spend like 300 on a Playstation
and we got the sauce man with a bun
Cal's getting food I'm getting a
Playstation they'll never know it's not
like we filmed the entire thing neither
those kids walking on the wild his
speaker I've ever heard I said you do if
you don't listen to music on the street
I'll do is what let's do it with a
boombox on the street no right anyways
we thought we were gonna get a white
Edition we don't want that we wanted
this one so we're absolutely sorry with
that I was tempted whether or not to get
two so then that way I got to be my
PlayStation around bought and I have to
keep logging in logging out and I was
like now if anything that I'll speak to
someone at Sony and be like can mean
certainly an extra one because for now
we need this one SoCal can get playing
on the pro so when we got one ps4 pro so
we got exactly I don't think there's any
room in there are these room in there
let's take a look yeah it's no room in
there it's a box full of other boxes
it's a long story it's a box in a box
yeah would you like some help with that
stuff Cal this is too heavy
the monsters too heavier can he get it
like like how many hours later how many
bloody hours later we finally I knew
he'd leave some coffee in there how many
hours later did we finally get home and
we've not even started like installing
partner probably wanted to do to that
was play fart night no cook a steak
install for tonight set up the one who
downstairs look at him he knows what his
responsibility is get it done
okay we're preparing the food let's see
where cars go right for the record I
reckon we should face that way
yeah other stream facing this way yes we
will stick monster summer vegetables
Iraq are you ready about to hopefully
blow your mind
I hope it's nice what's my like I
usually put the fourth finger videos
like that cheers car Wow
yeah loads of sauce there thanks mate
okay you need to cut into it eat it and
tell me what you think is it good yes if
there's one thing I've ever learned how
to do I'm alive from the Americans its
cooker virgin means steak let me try it
yeah I'll go to my sauce compares how I
would do that oh my god oh that's good
innit wait boom would you give me out 10
and just know that I gave you the last
arriving or night agua mm-hmm Wow really
oh no one gets its own yes veggies
yes you shocked oh yeah steaks insane so
my secret trick with sauce no no I don't
spunk in it my secret trick with the
sauces usually when you make musashi
like microwave it'll heat up however
what I do is I pour the sauce back into
the pan that I've cooked the steak in
let it sizzle for one second so it just
picks up all the juice and pour it back
a possible mix it up that way just grabs
all the flavor so the reason why I'll
talk about two places pros it's cuz
Kyle's moving his now cuz I just want
this room when Kyle comes round to just
be my stream instead of my stuff like
doctor moving the cameras everything
he's always ready to go however that
said I am gonna have to move the
PlayStation up and down think you can't
do a share an account of some sort but
whatever for now I'll just be okay with
moving the PlayStation because the way
I'm gonna mount the PlayStation is I'm
gonna hook it underneath this but no
upside down just like hook it so it's
like got some it's a sitting underneath
this table then I can just slide it out
and plug the cables and be good to go so
I'm gonna take this downstairs and leave
my set mine screens myself here you take
your headset downstairs but what I need
is a monitor so let's go to my monitor
room okay now I can't use that because
it's ultra wide I can't use that because
that's Carl's but what I'm gonna try and
use is this I don't know how it's gonna
pan out and I don't know which plug
socket I need but we're gonna try this
one
99% sure that this is the right power
okay
for that monitor I'm gonna take that
monitor downstairs and that's a 4k
monitor so we should be good with that
and it's 144 hers should be set can't
see anything else I need a pair headset
if I unplug that headsail mess up my
entire system
I do have spares but they're better ah
this is why I wasn't using this one car
that's the one I dropped yeah don't it
was down here but mine looks presentable
on the desk if it's gonna have some
monster I need you go you got my
controller we got ice cream we got the
PlayStation and then I look at cows he's
gonna pay don't you organize things own
what's he gonna kill oh good one nice
got the kill
what was the other guy fighting someone
will call no find out when he dies I'm
just saying this now these screens are
all so similar that I accidentally think
I might have been using the wrong screen
for the past like I'm like joking I
think I might been using the wrong
screen for the past like three years of
lived in this house because this looks
best quality than the TV's upstairs
we're taking this seriously young dad's
gonna do it right now we're side by side
so you can see each other screen which
is like helpful so you'd like to say he
says all right you can call it out if I
was gonna do it like facing each other
so like me him him there and that way it
could be like you stand up I think I
take it back
this screen is 120 Hertz whereas cars is
a hundred and forty Hertz god I have
your fastest Forge boom I go do this
yeah I should really be using that ski
but whatever Cal has not been on the new
loop wait right waiting to walk on it
all right go ahead jump on the wheel
eight go
our sickly emerge hours later no-win on
fart night tonight some good plays a
really good place but no win for some
reason when we were playing all night my
controller like when I was turning kept
in a fairy with like Carl's so Carla be
like turning left turning right turning
left turn right and my character on my
one would be turning it made no goddamn
sense and it's not like I was even make
you of Chaldeans here but I don't you
did you enjoy playtime I'm gonna drop
you up at home now if you like your
parent dropping you off come on now
let's go because it's so late and I'm
just incredibly gentle I do not really
that tied we're gonna have a bit of an
odd talk which I'm not like God whereby
his strange book but an odd talk is in a
weird talk with Tom because today's the
day that I've been back on like covering
a zombie trailer that came out and
really enjoyed like breaking it down and
everything's like an hour-long video I
did a reaction to it all this sort stuff
you know I like the og zombie stuff and
like gaming videos that I used to do and
as much as I loved it I was trying to
think in my head like right what would I
rather do for the rest of my life
would I rather sit inside breaking down
trailers playing games unlocking Easter
eggs like it's a lot of it it's a lot of
fun don't wrong like doing that doing
this or would i truly rather like vlog
travel the world like when i say travel
would like you've seen me travel but you
haven't seen me travel the world like
that the main plan and idea power when i
do is like have a camera guy follow me
around he's like you know i might like a
home you can like kick and just have
like real fun with like travel with
byron you can edit the vlog together and
stuff like that you know like go on
adventures with that coward say joe will
go on up to this country you know really
just maximize the potential just
traveling and having the most fun it's
like that balance of do i want to
maximize going doing vlogging or do i
want to continue to stay indoors play
video games and livestream now i know
you could say like there's a healthy
balance and the healthy balance is
exactly what i'm doing right now I truly
feel like I found that healthy balance
so it was a bit terrible and that
healthy balance is doing like a week of
going off traveling and having born and
I'm making the most of it and then
coming back and then doing like a week
of gaming or like you know two weeks of
gaming them being like right okay I'm
going a little bit stir-crazy time for a
fresh traveling book for that like - we
I'm back just focusing on the game and
am I dreaming like as much fun as I'm
having it's that thing of like oh my god
I'm doing a daily vlog where I'm sharing
my life and all I'm doing is like gonna
sleep waking up going in the office like
going down to cenek original you know
it's that same routine you getting but
in the gaming life like the streaming
life of making a youtube video sort of
thing like doing that game inside of
YouTube you have to have the routine you
have to fall into that sort of like gin
- gin doing like that system and you
know like I said I've done five years of
it and every time I'm back for a bit a
little bit too long you know without
going off to like say like an adventure
down to go and see Joe and London
article and see like a friends somewhere
and somewhat that but I get like pen up
I'm like do I really want to fall back
into the system of just like focusing on
gaming as much as I love it I know
what's out there I want to be able to
travel and just like I can like truly
truly maximize it like as much as I love
my gaming and everything like that but
there's there's so much more to do in
life than just sit inside like this tiny
ass room I know it sounds so like
contradictory because I absolutely love
gaming
I love streaming I've loved today like
setting up this light little answer
we've got downstairs which is nothing
that people you know I'm in the Petare
I have neighbors again hello sheep you
know why and then growing it and like
seeing something like from like the
ashes something like my I consider like
my youtube channel one I gave me channel
like a Phoenix like it lives a life and
then it dies cuz that disappeared from
it but I come back and it lives it over
life and it dies again and it just like
keeps rising from the ashes and you know
to say we've got like that going on boy
if there's ever been a time - for me to
focus on gaming and have fun with it
it's like it's now because you know I've
got the new syndicate royale channel
that I'm doing and all these royale
games are coming out and I know this is
gonna sound like a lot of rumbling bomb
this is the internal battle ax you guys
don't see me having is like do I decide
to stop daily vlogging like truly stop
daily vlogging for like 12 months do 12
months do black ops for cuz like that's
gonna be like my absolute Jam I love
that game I can't wait to play it do I
say no to all the travel opportunities
that I get given stay here stream every
single day like a schedule like get up
at like 9:00 a.m. streaming at like 12 -
like 12 I took like four 12-hour stream
you like taking breaks
doing dual streaming you know I got
seen like how full-time streamers now
are doing it like at a much more
healthier wave you're not taking breaks
instead of just doing like a full 12
hours you know I take a break you know
so some of the I've learned from other
people to make it more of a like an
enjoyable and like self a feasible thing
like so it takes less of a toll and
usually you can have fun keep you fresh
spend like time with family and friends
and support board still absolutely kill
the game and I'm like do I just take 12
months off to dive into gaming whilst a
set the point where I'm gonna have the
most fun with it but I love sitting down
playing for a night out there I love
playing with cat I love like black ops
welcoming out and breaking down trailers
and you know like getting ready to do
Easter eggs it's too far
I absolutely love it but it's fun to do
this but what I'm doing this and I don't
know what my vlog is just doing the same
old shit day after day after day today
I'm like I don't want to be putting out
this boring content that's why I like X
trailer right now yeah it's
it's like nearly 8 o'clock in the
morning I've been up all night and my
entire plan was to get back from Florida
and then just focus on the game and
bought a game for like 12 hours when I
got back that's so much fun doing it but
I hit that wall I kind of like do I sit
inside this room these four walls how do
I say okay yeah I'm going getting shit
done I'm traveling life's too short make
the most of it and then go off on an
adventure and I am doing like my dad
randomly invited me and my two brothers
to go to Whitby for the weekend where
we're just gonna go like have like a
bonding trip together get drunk have fun
and just randomly explore and see what
we can get up to and rather then like
doing what I'm supposed to do like kind
of focused on the game and stuff I'm
like I'm gonna go stir-crazy like yeah I
want to travel I want to keep having fun
like I went off to Florida and like I
absolutely loved it it was fun it was
fresh we just kept it going kept
adventuring and that's like kind of what
I want to keep doing but you know if the
vorc wasn't a thing anymore it would
allow me to just be able to switch up
and go you know what I don't have like
any salt in a bad way like you know
standard to help hold myself to of like
making an entertaining vlog or you know
I know people like tuned in just to see
what my day-to-day life is but I don't
want to be putting out content where
it's just like I woke up at breakfast
watched Netflix all day
played like like like play video games
live streamed and then went to bed like
that's not the sort of content I just
want to be point out all the time and
that's what's gonna happen if I really
want to like crush the game inside of
things which I again I enjoyed it
so as much as I'm rambling here and I
know you've all heard me talk about this
before
I've just got to try and really make the
decision as to whether or not I want to
take the time off do you like say a year
of gaming or whether I want to just bite
the goddamn bullet say I've lived that
life because honestly the balancing act
of the two doesn't let me do either
either of them to the best of the
potential folks like budget by the
bullet say goodbye it's like the game in
the stream in and just truly go and
smash it travel the world have so much
fun who random things like maybe take
the gaming channel in a different
direction of posting like you know
random creative videos and stuff like
that the most viewed video on that
channel is a twenty five million view
video of me pranking took her in a
green-screen suit you don't like so it's
got the ability to like completely
changes it's sort of like direction
appear in a like a happy but I want to
stay true to the content I've made and
that is gaming content and live
streaming and you know black ops zombies
he's out that's what made my channel
like super super popular and I want to
continue to follow that but it's just a
struggle bus when you're in this
situation of trying to balance two
things and kind of like find that
correct
like formula and I just don't think it's
possible
feel like I'm gonna have to say goodbye
to one of the other I truly don't think
for my own mental sake I can keep doing
both because I really really want to
trouble a lot more and do really cool
shit but I can't and I'm being held back
because of this I can't go full time
like streamer like sorry YouTube gaming
mode because then this suffers so yeah
bashing really gets bit of a war with
this one guys so just so you always know
that III do try and keep you know all
parties happy cuz you know I've got an
audience like gaming I've got an
audience that don't even care about game
and I've got an audience that care about
both it's a really hard like balancing
act to try and do up until black ops
comes out I I don't really know what I'm
gonna do like when black ops comes about
I might just be able to thinking it and
be like yeah there's not enough content
for me to cover on you know not enough
to keep it fresh at the same time that
might be and that could change
everything so I'm gonna end today's vlog
and though it was a super duper Rumble
towards the end but at the same time I
think I like kept it quite structured
and straight with what I wanted to tell
you guys of I do very much think about
what's going on a lot
and I tried to do everything to keep you
guys as happy as possible and more
anything entertain cuz like I do what
makes me happy whether it's the game in
all the vlogging and I know that doing
either either one or one more than the
other will disappoint someone else but
then today that makes me happy like
doing what I'm doing at that time and I
like doing that but I would just truly
like to before we put my focus into
something and I just feel like I've
gotta like make that decision sooner
rather than later so yeah I'm gonna go
love you leave you you can be like great
if you want to subscribe didn't go like
notification bell and in tomorrow's vlog
you will indeed see me go on an
adventure with only three hours sleep by
the way with my brothers Liam mark I'm a
dad is my brothers for if birthday
coming up like next week that's so work
yeah we're gonna go out together and
have a nice weekend
away so see how it goes here's to
getting drunk and anger was so Byron I
love you man thanks for your help
hopefully Olive Internet to be able to
send you the files and all should be
good in the hood so until tomorrow 6
p.m. I'll see you guys then adios
