I'm in the cupboard said you got in the
cupboard did you read it that you don't
want at least Disney don't want to go
trying to stay forever okay then good
bye hotel room you were amazing I would
actually give this hotel likes our day
out said thank you great stuff I got
best Italian food in Orlando not quite
got hungry last night I ordered that
yeah you get about a four out of ten
quoting to be the best well I guess it
worked
I bet who's a loser loser no I made it
way before you excuse me I was letting
out the elevator loser loser loser I got
it right smile they came first it went
down it went down because it's time to
get Monday passport I'm not really a new
passport I've gotta get a new passport
document which allows me to emergency
travel out of Florida back to England
and rather than going to light an
embassy in Miami which is like five
hours drive away smother I'm gonna go to
an airport but not the one we need to
fire of I need to go to Orlando Airport
with all my documentation which I don't
have including of passport photo of my
face so I have to go to a pharmacy now
take a photo like then take that to the
airport get the documentation side out
and once I've got that if it is accepted
the application there and then which
they said could take like up to a few
hours if it is approved I then got a
fire Otis Sanford which is the airport
we're flying out of which is an hour
away from that Airport and hope we can
fly so yeah and we need to be there two
hours beforehand because I've got to
check this bag
wish me luck I guarantee just saying if
this was here on the second day of our
yes oh this package got delivered on the
second day and and it would have been
helpful but I bought this and it did the
job walking around like Epcot every
thought so I was happy with that but oh
my gosh yes I'm just like that I'd
currently lost my charging case on the
phone but Bank I got one yeah hopefully
this is the right one so external
battery case rechargeable for the iPhone
X yes thank you are you ready to go to
CBS ye the last day the hotels finished
it looks really good like really nice
but we must leave are you ready
did you look nice
no I'm not fine turn around oh my god
thought that was the wrong plug dad no
that looks right yay I can't believe
Apple don't actually make an official
phone charging case for the iPhone XO
you have to buy all these third-party
ones they're pretty good the last one I
had was amazing and it all comes like 20
dollars rather than a movi costing like
120 this cost like to be fair 30 but
this is so sick so English cross this
works seeing some dodgy reviews poor
it's in and it's now a protective case
so fingers crossed no broken screen
first of all I wish we've rented one of
these and was driving around in there
that would be sick
second of all but the process begin do
we see a passport photo area not looking
good not looking good at all Boop
apparently they do and it's at the front
of the store not the back I'm going over
to the pharmacy and was like sorry do
you have a photo booth and she was like
do you need a nurse no but to be fair
probably do is this will they do it oh
it is passport photos really happy that
this was here this passport service
wasn't here I'd be in a real struggling
situation right now
certificates of biometric passport
photos
check it out your boys a mugshot where's
the good good where's where's chips any
chips it's good to come they're not
crisp the chips in America where I'm a
chip I mean where's me me no I don't
know the called they're not chips but
people leave those I don't understand
that I'd never in my entire life underst
the tide pod crazed people were actually
eating these
you're weird I'm looking for crisps is
anyone coming down no actual joke
my favorite chips / crisps of all time
out of everything everything every
selection
I love paprika pingos bought I swear to
god these are hands-down my favorite I
can't and I will eat an entire bag to
myself hipsters I really want some more
that ramen sushi we would actually have
enough time to go
Disney spring get some food you know
just really chill out and then go to the
airport go on this way to ride around on
this one time our uber drivers bring the
business right now yeah yeah go see Bob
yeah dangerous I know was having mine on
by the way I always took my nap on the
way out there which kind of defeats the
whole point
but like no I'm held in here I don't
know why ever since a kid I've always
and was like you're not wearing Allah I
am I started
yeah I always put it on I was you never
wear it I always taught violin to my arm
I don't know why he disabled the beeping
just got the phone call off the air for
security guys being like where are you
because we're running like ten minutes
late hides the Starbucks 20 minutes late
but we're almost we're almost at the
airport we don't go to British Airways
Concorde B meet the guy there who's
Scottish what legend and then Douglas
so hopefully this bushes in the way and
the planes green are cool and hopefully
he'll be able to saw us out with a new
the new document so fingers crossed
sweet
I wish we were flying with them I love
British Airways okay but where did we go
I don't see anybody there
Douglas I love your brother but we came
to the British Airways thing right or at
all yeah so we ask that members of
Stephanie right you can't check in yet
it's not open them I'm not gonna check
in we just need to British Airways a
member of staff and all right there's no
one it and I'm like well where are they
then
so they don't know literally four
members of staff like a manager and
other people didn't know so we don't
have to go to somewhere else to try and
find where our boy
Douglas is so Douglas we're on the way
okay because we have no way of getting
hold of Douglas like we just don't have
try ringing the the number back that I
originally called and it keeps popping
through to different members of staff
and they can't get me through to him
so I've given on the information board
there his details like Douglas from the
embassy to like help us out because he's
supposed to be meeting us there and he's
not there so the problem is like okay
how do we get him and he's like yeah
well page him I said I'm in they're
gonna page him
so by page him I didn't know what they
meant by that but they're gonna shout
out on the tonight Douglas your British
friends are at the booth so no what I
was expecting by page import
hey the doula Carla on the ton I as if
he's a lost child
yes we found him thank you very much
it just said he was like do not move
from it 20 minutes I was like if you're
not back in 20 minutes I'm gonna put a
ton out feel like a lost child again so
I told you Dane the life of Tom is never
gone for it oh my god most people would
be like far to pilot seems here I'm just
like another day of the life if you're
not subscribed click Subscribe oh and
let this be said right now just because
I'm laughing and joking around and stuff
like that doesn't mean we've actually
got what we need like they could turn
around of like we can't issue this today
it can take up to 48 hours and if I'm
trapped in Florida and that sucks it is
what it is but you know what it's just
another day in the life of Tom but
fingers crossed man we've done
everything in the power you know like
we've applied for it you know we've
we've got the photo we got the
documentation we've just got a hope
Douglas says yes but if he doesn't and
after Uncle funny's your honor we're
staying in Florida for two days so
twelve o'clock with no more news from
Douglas our flight is at 4:55 we need to
be there at least two hours before
check-ins be able to check the bag in
and it's about an hour drive away so we
have one hour give out it and get not
give out there we have like an hour we
have an hour to be able to pull this off
so if Doug was coming back within an
hour and says we're good
they were Gucci if he doesn't then we
ate so Gucci and as of right now we're
just sat on the floor chilling and
waiting risk are we looking thank you so
much thank you
oh it's been trimmed Oh Duke thank you
very much that look at that I've got a
golden pot it's literally really Wonka's
golden ticket it it's really one cos
golden ticket to get me home legend
thank you so much there we go Doug the
Scottish legend right Oh dinner I'm so
sorry like cold is absolutely kick it in
look how sick that is I've got a
passport I can obviously show you access
to all the details are there for and
it's a UK emergency passport and edit it
says issued for a single journey to
United Kingdom arriving on 1909 2018
replace his passport and had all the
passport details by all the one it's got
Albany pictured it might have signature
everything like that Thomas
British citizen times Waterloo better
get the hell out of it no no listen
Lydia Lydia Lydia its embrace it embrace
embrace your nature okay it's just
normal
Wow look at this would you Wow
bitter leg
there was a razor in the hotel I am just
saying I am all for women having all
natural body hair some people have other
like Tom that is just rude
you should do that how dare you and
understand you can do whatever the hell
you want Lydia likes having shaved legs
and I think it's hilarious that she has
the hairiest legs isn't it you got hairy
legs right we got goober on the way now
and it's gonna take cause 50 minutes to
get to where we need to go we should get
there for like nearly half-past 1:00 or
something like that
so should should just be enough time to
be able to check our bags because like
the budget airlines that you can fly was
you like jet - I know that's for like
Europe and often but like he's so
goddamn strict when it comes to the
two-hour like check-in point like
British Airways or virgin you get there
like past that time yeah we'll still
check it a wall charger but the budget
airlines that's where it's like they
make their absolute killing like oh you
late by one minute yeah but they're dead
strict about check it easy Joe jet to Li
do pink flight orange orange card or
green wings that sounds like it support
that I've said that sounds like an Irish
one right let's go motivated motivated
motivated what are the tits you
smuggling back one pack could have been
sufficient look how much room that takes
up in your bank I appreciate it
I have accepted them thank you
I am aware there's a lot of people in
America who speak Spanish totally
understand that however an uber uber
drivers like hey mate where are you and
he was like mmm and I was like Hello try
to speak to him and then he went oh dumb
and I said yeah anyway
speaking Spanish definitely don't have
that skill Hey look
this way we started hey I'm really not
trying to be rude nearby I just tried to
speak to the uber driver again and he
was just like no speak English but this
guy has done 1600 ebert rows
yeah I know most people get in the rides
and it's like just get in drive to your
destination and that's it job done boy
look we need to try and speak to him to
try and locate where they are and that
must be a hell of a struggle for gonna
be that guy when I'm older
oh my god he gets to drive around on a
Segway Oh school success live download
the Google Translate app Spanish the
entire region
she's like great see about yeah
I'd like to try and see yeah that the
cheapest way possible to get on the
world I think it'd be a lot layover is
like the 16 hour I was gonna say I just
happily sit in the airport for 16 hours
a play runescape as cheaply as possible
though we'd have to do like vouchers off
the back of like newspapers or summat
like try and get the the true investors
at coupons everything oh yeah she showed
up to a thing that you pay like or quit
a year to and
25 quid and it email is your really
really good I didn't see much yeah
are you like is she done yet the power
of interruption and editor in the hey
Byron
no but you paid twice you paid 25 quid
to this service and it lets you know of
really really cheap deals like yanking
on fly it's gonna stop but you can't be
sat there on it all day extend you know
I've try to explain what it was but it
basically emails your book gone yeah you
can just go tomorrow so cheap flights
for such a day are such an obscure time
whereas if you've got a year off and
you're just ready to travel and be a
weirdo you can go what everyone oh my
god do you know what they did there
do you know where where it splits the
road like wow I'm going left I'm going
right and it's got the hair look you
know them yellow book it's that's the
inside of the book in it again that was
on the road
whoa hope everyone's all right ladies
Porsche boom-boom-boom inside
well 50 minutes of no communication
later we made it to the airport and
really there are two options we two
flights going out of this Airport today
Glasgow and Manchester you only go to
Scotland
I love Scotland yay we made it to
check-in you missed a bit we now have
three hours it's okay like a popped
balloon did you take off the baby still
got it on she took off right okay I was
like what the shoulder Disney business
shed the Disney pins we've got three
right you got to tie it we've got three
hours right now and this Airport is
apparently tiny is like one shop in
there as well ah okay she wants me to
look after her stuff
don't leave your bags unattended at an
airport people might think it's a thing
so oh my god we just came at a good time
there's a full culture people here
getting dropped off to for the
Manchester fight but I'm like we've got
three hours to kill
this Airport is tiny maybe I can find
like a nice restaurant or like a like a
massage place oh I'll just sort to do
for the next three hours that doesn't
involve us be in this airport so I'm
gonna get on Google Maps see what I can
find in the area let's see how he goes I
thought I was gonna throw a bomb so I
was ready to go hi there let's go
research is on I've wanted to do but
okay well we won't go get spy but I
don't think we'll be able to find what I
bought I just can't be outside in there
for two hours we've got two hours of 55
minutes to just Saturn in this Airport
so it's 15 minutes for the uber to get
to the local coast
no tea no tea no tea a what okay
Sanford we're gonna go to set we're
gonna go into the town or something
leave me alone what are you picking on
me bud I mean you made oh right we're
gonna go into Sanford we're gonna go see
if we can find some food like an actual
good meal because we're gonna bat
straight play airplane food and there's
no restaurants if we walk through here
and there's like a bloody steak house of
Watford pissed but don't worry I don't
think the little bit we're gonna go on
an adventure so we could potentially
miss out right here so god this holidays
over all right well now that's what I
call service man you was so fast last
time we ordered an uber here it was like
four minutes away and it took 25 minutes
to get here and she could not need the
GPS so all right we've got a flight in
from Sanford yeah okay we've got two and
a half hours to kill before we fly so
we're just gonna go light over to the
coast and try and find some sweet yeah
yes take tickets like your best Russian
your family restaurant
England Manchester sorry I'm talking
about I was gonna trying it we work to
try and get like a massage for an hour
but couldn't find anywhere oh oh it's
like she's like I'll take the 60 bucks
on my sweetie bird driver has a pet
squirrel sorry what's your name again
Stacy has a pet squirrel oh the cap yeah
he's there trying to play with him oh my
gosh
that's adorable what's his name
this is the most random thing I think
I've come up with whilst I've been
waiting for an airport fly of I just
want to go somewhere a Koopa driver take
me to wherever your best player your
favorite restaurant isn't just going to
eat there I will say though there is a
before a while when he's next door he'd
be dumps I'm a speedy looks I like it I
like this a lot random lunch dinner with
an uber driver ever
Cheddar's scratch kitchen let's go thank
you so much yes okay and it's really
strong okay I like rum pineapple juice
orange juice salt I'll take it I'll take
the recommendation it's that strong
limited to per guest
yeah whipped out the emergency passport
oh I'm hoping this is gonna duck Wow
okay as recommended I'm gonna go full of
sugar wrapper honey butter croissant
okay
yeah absolutely are doing this right cuz
I didn't eat breakfast this is a good
breakfast
and there are the main hospitals I know
so damn random good decision
good decision has been made yep
Cheers
that's like a McDonald if that's a
McDonald's Ranch rap on steroids that's
really good hmm if there was something
that gonna be and before we got on that
plane it would be that bitch out just
like that the food was absolutely
amazing that you would rather just
recommend it to us we was like let's go
it was like join us for dinner so she
did and before you know it we're now
going back to the airport with the
lunchbox absolutely amazing thank you so
much appreciate it bye-bye Wow okay and
now yeah a little you're just going back
to the airport but I think I might do
that more often just go to the airport I
don't know if I've got time skill get
any uber driving just take me somewhere
invite him for dinner or I'll just go
and do some random white thing and chill
Wow
that's all I could say wow that was
awesome we went had food and I was
hoping on the way to the airport was
like where are we going this doesn't put
the food that we just had you just drop
it off Oh typical
okay then boy your son collects money
yeah let's pray for you a bit and
there's five British pounds so we can
collect that and that's like we're the
new five British pounds
there you go she was absolutely awesome
yes you tell us about how like a son
like collects like currencies from
different countries and stuff are and I
was like oh yeah and she she had a two
dollar bill which is like my favorite
American currency so I was like you know
what give you some this Bible was that
good adventure spend the entire day mess
around trying to get a passport got the
passport and then made it worthwhile oh
I am sorry
this is a little bit I'm just really
full and I don't like sitting soon
because I'm wearing our back yeah I
might be sick so okay Manchester UK one
two three term eight gate zero four on
time at 4:55 p.m. oh you're that no
let's continue the adventure wait who's
this who's this song is this Christina
Aguilera you are beautiful
yeah I call this son do we really need
this I should just put in a bit
she just a record we at dinner together
she took her food we took our food we
should have given her book we actually
thought we might win it for the plane I
just realized I'm too full that upsets
me it's every dude bro typical IDIA she
got backstop to secure a yeah typical oh
it does I'm just gonna hit but that's
with yeah you're gonna get in trouble
oh and I'm just killing time walking on
the escalator whilst I'm waiting for
Lydia I'm just doing this losing weight
whilst waiting in line should we have
just stayed here why there's there's
nothing here where is it
there's okay you want me off oh there's
one duty-free shop okay does it discover
something and one restaurant called a
food court okay that Dunkin Donuts
Express oh my god damn it is I'm taking
a doughnut and a coffee for the plane
boom right we've got an hour to kill
hour and a half actually
yeah that's why as we get don't ever
travel with Lydia she really pulls elope
girl I don't know this person
help don't ever travel with Lydia she
always gets tops at security cuz she's a
bad travel
move to backwards pack you stop fact you
still yeah and then she said it was a
snack Sidon y'all wanna be you'll be
wound enough friend when you excuse me
I'm in a food coma right now
I love smart that's a smart traveler you
think I'm annoying she's worse think I
made a good decision by not coming here
they don't even have any food available
wait what's the guy in the cupboards
they've got salad boxes sandwiches and a
turkey just one lonely turkey wrap you
know what we did good one two three
that's it Wow that's for coffee I won't
be getting one we met a really really
good decision going to that restaurant
with that lady yes Lydia is missing out
because oh this is nice oh my god so
tired I said to Lydia I was going
checking the tires of when the flights
bored and when I turned back round she
ran off from the seating area so she may
have run away I found myself a massage
chair I'll tell you something it is very
good oh my god that feels so nice of my
legs oh I'd like to say this chair was
nice it's nice of the legs because it's
dead pressurized but Jesus look at the
balls sticking out of it
look a bit seriously it's disgusting
it's like so I'm gonna hit any with pool
cue balls footballs it's not nice is it
on the leg nice I'll beat you Oh husband
missed my flight were boarded cool fuck
Lily just pointed out that this Airport
is so small there's only two fights gone
out the entire building today so
everywhere closes now that these two
flights are gone well
I've gone through security to board and
I have no idea when Lydia is because I
said I was going to the toilet and she
was behind me went to the toilet came
out she wasn't there
waited a second she wasn't there so I
can only assume she'd walk to go and get
on the plane boy I'm not seeing her a
text to say I came out the bathroom and
you were there so I went aboard she just
texts me saying I went to the bathroom
as well
I'm pretty sure they just closed the
gates powder no idea what's going on
behind us please just expects coated
escorted three people through a back
door to the flaming watch by the police
and the police was talking about escort
them onto the plane as well so not too
sure what's going on I can only assume
honestly they've had to guess what I
think it is I think someone's flown into
the country and they don't have the
right views or somewhere that other
asterism er or whatever it is from
Island and I think they're being flown
straight back cuz they don't know why
they've been it that's all I'm assuming
come on they left the key in it and
everything please okay now oh did
someone actually just touched it in the
whole thing moved okay
I'm not too sure what's going on with
the police I guess I was right they've
got refused entrance before strike two
not only did we go out for a solid meal
I guess that the the people have the
visa wrong boom just like this got us an
upgrade premier company Bob's your uncle
Dave's your Anna
okay definitely all right I'm up for a
bra dream destination how many we got we
should steal every single pillow should
we build a fall films of the planet cut
go to that floral bar
oh they look at that typical raining
over there how is she doing will you do
it
she's taking the shits on the runway she
she's taking the sheets on the runway
what are you doing Lydia doesn't have
normal ear holes
you know like I've got deflated nostrils
like Laura book one is smaller than the
other
well she's got deflated air holes
stopping over a whole hi Vikki favorite
memory from Florida
Daisy you effing bitch
my favorite all this amazing henna that
I got done had then smudged
left it all on the table
I also really think I could I would sue
a hot tattoo on their she's like now but
I like it I'm not this particular but
behind I'd say there
I think it's cool I think I could get my
lion on it anyway no that's the best not
my favorite I remember it I think my
favorite memory is made I'm gonna babe
yeah did you know that big oh my god
babe babe babe babe babe babe babe babe
babe babe babe babe baby I was to go and
we will be
I think last six hours it could be six
hours I'm not too sure
well goodbye Florida I didn't see a
single alligator really upset not gonna
lie
Lydia's about to watch Isle of Dogs is
really good they'll really enjoy it with
your weird air hole I got given a desert
of some sort a barbecue beef mashed
potato and those pepper
okay and then it looks like some sort of
couscous salad I'm sorry to report I've
just tried this food and I isn't
absolutely horrible like not joking this
may say weird boy it's been a long time
since I've had bad an airplane food and
that is bad airplane food it was so it
was terrible
however let me try this slice of cheese
is that cheese
see were good breakfasts and it comes
with the vegetable fritter a bacon slice
you'll see roasted potatoes add the
tomato compote but introducing the
greatest bacon slice you've ever seen in
your life
ladies and gentlemen oh yes oh yes and
for a taste test
is a cathode no mana tastes like asshole
nope just know this we're about to land
in Manchester it's currently
nearly half of us 5:00 in the morning
Nelda I would like to get home before
the Sun comes up so I can get from heads
my bedroom fall asleep and it still be
died that would be the ultimate play but
I have a feeling this is about to come
so refer our computer team and we in a
haunted house yeah there's a bug outside
and the lights look crazy with the
humidity I'm wearing all black to me
what's he'd make it either way we've
made it home and as of this point right
now I have to end the walk so it's been
a really fun adventure stop this one and
stop guys honestly it's been an
absolutely amazing trip you guys have
been more than amazing with Lydia being
in the vlogs and stuff like that
maybe you'll see me again who knows if
we got another adventure in the pipeline
because for everyone asking Lydia took a
year off teaching so she'll still be
doing some teaching here and there but
it frees up a time because you're
supposed to travel and go do stuff so it
gives it that freedom to be able to do
it rather than being like walked in to
teach an entire fall like school yeah
and be with that class and you know
after after carry down for a while to
start to the end for his life doing
supplies you can jump in and out of
different schools of wonder how she want
cool so yeah so so never may seem some
more adventures but have a such a good
time never done a theme park like that
that good in the slightest
yeah absolutely amazing well I feel
really but we have to the end today's
vlog if you did enjoy it make sure you
leave a like rating if you are new
around it make sure you click that
subscribe button if you haven't done so
already I'm making YouTube account click
Subscribe ding dong a little
notification Bella
up here next what you'll never miss
video and I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. and hopefully I stay on time with
it because not only if I now got my fast
internet standby on the footage and I've
got bearing to edit so Byron I'm coming
to save you I don't know how when what
why or where but I'm coming so I love
you and this address
