oh okay so wearing all black on probably
the hottest day we've ever been here
great idea Sheena Gaines time to get
into the magical not Kingdom into animal
kingdom to get to the Nemo show because
that is the one show we missed the last
time we're here so we're gonna try and
rush in get to the show watch it and
then go to Epcot so that's what we're
trying to get to how high yeah
let me - starting day today
starting today's day seriously as you
could tell it's the only 2 p.m. we maybe
we actually made it okay this was the
furthest oh my god oh my god oh my that
is so heavenly
daddy's got you
I promise
kinda terrified
Oh
this was a really weird experience like
very random it was really good before I
wasn't expecting the musical aspect that
kind of training they take off fighting
me more the musical the best thing about
this place machine absolutely
these are friends not food fish are
friends not food
Oh
million okay yeah so it was called
Finding Nemo visible don't know what I
was expecting but I wasn't expecting
that it was just really like cheesy
musical son yeah they did their own
version just keep swimming in it and it
just wasn't yeah let's stay in the
species the species the species this new
species the old couldn't see what's in
it next up Epcot oh my gosh thank the
gods for a scene that is so nice oh god
tear is a see we've not eaten anything
yet I'm still hungry
I'm I'm still full from my steak
yesterday
you only had half your meal I didn't but
it's just so hot today I know overall
but before but on that day I wore it was
32 degrees today it's 34 peaking on 35
what should I just order as a new broom
we just drive around in circles all day
yeah so that we were at least got AC
food yes yes let's go steal some AC from
restaurants cuz boom were Epcot so
rather than messing around with like the
monorail and stuff it's honestly so
cheap to just uber
it's like cost is like four dollars to
get here rather than taking thirty
minutes it took us like six so boom
Bob's your uncle fun is your aunt
we're at Epcot yeah we would have been
totally okay if he would have taken the
long route and gone the entire way
around or something like that you know
it took a few wrong turns that way we
could've just sat in that AC which would
have been hello that what Disney
monorail system it'd be good dude and
throne soon that's a big-ass ball no you
know what this is even bigger balls so
it is burning right now
Eiffel Tower of cheese sold but welcome
to Epcot where there is a Food and Wine
Festival when we don't drink we gonna
eat all goddamn day yes yes what is this
what is this festival passport passport
ticket oh god I wish she where's she
gone she's run off
she ran away okay I don't know what this
is but it's a vegetable passport you
have to read this because you're the
smart one out there to smash it it's so
hot I'm doing the roll sleeves thing and
you better know I'm getting an iced
vanilla latte we've walked like ten feet
and I'm sweltering I've got like her but
I went wetback we're onto a winner The
Sun has gone be at a massive cloud I got
this is a medium by the way a medium
size look at the size of it it's
freezing cool that's what it is but
we're now gonna go an attack Epcot we're
gonna do it clockwise by starting at
Mexico it's a bloody Mickey Mouse BBQ
he's got a kebab in his hand that's
amazing another day of not bringing
sunglasses yeah I'm confused as well eh
sure you don't wanna stop at America
first because oh my gosh look at the
size of those Donuts okay okay uh hi
grace what are you selling watch y'all
let's get run over
grease what you got got loaded natural
loaded Greek nachos we got some
spanakopita car you nailed that and
focus seems like every country has like
three items so we just walked past like
islands of the Caribbean which is
actually what it's called
there's Greece oh there's Thailand okay
okay I'm liking it I've got a bit of
Mexico over there first dish we're
trying it's going to be the marinated
chicken with like a peanut sauce from
Thailand mmm really Wow I'm gonna food
review the entire world today and you
ready and chicken let's go
pretty good but pretty good I give it a
7 1 down how many thousands ago a few I
think we're gonna try Mexico next
there's gonna be a lot of food eaten
today a lot of me going home I go it's
too hot and a lot of involved Japan yeah
I knew that it's just hell yeah China
yes okay Mexico shrimp quesadilla you
sounding pretty good okay food review at
number two we could eat something from
every single world and the next place
we're eating from world
Mexico rim quesadilla quesadilla review
first of all is boiling Jack on the Bob
cheese shrimp that's got a nice initial
review nice nice
six is fine boom try this sauce and you
ready is it hot
oh god no sixties right thus we have the
Mexico stamp pause the food reviews we
are entering into a mighty temple this
is the Mexico temple where we're going
to go on the the the three amigo tour oh
my lord oh my lord how good is the AC
got a turnout M gran yes the tour
starring the Three Caballeros okay sure
I will take a front-row seat
to avoid any day look at this look at
this yeah we're going out of the random
tour I can't even remember what this is
for but it's awesome
oh it's so magical lovely oh look
another temple it must be so real
this is so random what is this guy
looking at that's kind of terrifying
okay I didn't even know you could go in
this gods of the Vikings is a church
what is it oh I say see that's what it
real I don't think it's real actually
you growl you get to go razzle okay got
it miss chief I thought you might you
know I am mighty I swear the last thing
I'd think to buy in Disney would be a
hairy handsome Wellington boot wait what
what is it oh is that horrible I've done
the correct but also racist thing of
returning Lydia to China we're now gonna
eat your people's food welcome to shine
up the world of China we got pancakes
dumplings roasted buns black pepper
shrimp oh my god can we have everything
what let's do it
I know that looks so good I am really
struggling not to say can I take
everything so just those two padai
Jack jasmine beerus amar I don't know oh
my god I'm so sweaty
best beer of the day
thank God it was only spawn hell I could
taste that water I'm gonna go for the
Duke bow
hmm hmm that's pretty good
probably gonna give that a 7 point 5 out
of 10 but about the shrimp blackened
shrimp soggy batter right now so I guess
7 and the noodles 7.5 Lydia score of the
bow damn Lydia screw the noodles and the
shrimp
I'm shrimp boy unit whoa an eighth down
seven 7.5 mm I don't know I just said
book 3.5
we simply take off the China sticker
don't we Lydia we simply take off the
Chinese there you go simply took off the
Chinese sticker bent the entire book in
the process and then ruin the book
unless it's it adds to it and look at
that just like that we've been to China
just saying I feel like we should have
had the pancake I think we need to make
it round trip return we need a return
ticket to China we'll be back but I
think I want one of these I think
there's a keep me cool I think I need
this I think I need this knowledge
probably should have bought like Mickey
ears or something no yes
not even gonna lie it's a hundred
percent cool away
yeah the shade on my head is so nice I'm
oh good I'm not even doing oh there's so
much sweat on mine but I'm not even
joking I feel great right now
I'm sorry India but nothing's really
standing out what makes hey so we went
for a mango lassi non-alcoholic and then
I went for a mango lassi with Indian
Cream Liqueur yeah I've said that 19
million times in my life and no akyuu a
cure lick lick
I've comfortably clear lassi and the
ladies making it over there right now so
are you Indian well we've been weakened
for not quite good
oh really time to try it it's got the
cure cream in it
it's like a desert god that's good
we need to immediately teleport to /
Marge in Canada because they have
cheddar cheese and bacon soup
what yes please Madge Environment Canada
please and I will be there next week
so visible from a road just even got a
message swore it was my muscle dolphin
but boy this guy's got the right idea
I shall take my hat on so I'm not being
rude
should really take your shoes off I did
this isn't we in the right place I could
be wrong I'm not too sure what's going
on this is called the reflections of
Chang we came phylidia
it's just racist it's a 360 degree here
that's kind of cool and you know it's
even cooler
the AC but you know what's not cool you
have to stand up
that's sick welcome so sick I am Levi we
walked out one show I am Trinity get
ready
straight out of China Lydia's gonna
dance the night away no really I saw
these guys last time and they were quite
incredible so let's see what they've got
for us today
Wow magical this guy's like I've done
this 15 million times I'm ready to yeah
today I'm ready to roll on in and cue
the road you know like you do casual
Byron a day to try and do this boss
editing the vlog way whilst being
kidnapped with what happened it's
amazing well your nose too you know okay
what you got what you got what you got
what you got oh my lord
that doesn't look right oh my gosh yeah
no way epic this is amazing
now that reminded me like Shia like if
you even caterpillar or some shit what
they're doing what they're doing
oh go on
I started that part that was me about my
weight they've got a main guy now
there's a main guy whoa what's he gonna
do
okay okay okay okay
yeah okay what now okay my brain hurts
that was so sick to say we came here for
food and drinks nah mate this is well
bang Wow
Wow football skills luxury edition
football skills poverty edition let's go
huggers this is about to get to wizardry
that going on right now
oh my god Wow she did not see it like no
no that's right it's not once
foggers incredible absolutely wizard i
thought we gonna put together Oh
amazing Wow
No
amazing absolutely amazing
my turn arey for a cartwheel said your
pal I don't know where you can done I
think I want to skeleton I want I want
half skeleton yes that's what I said
yeah can I have can I have passport
please I'll get me first the amount of
white animal parks I've been to and
waited to get face pain and just never
did that was like just disappointing
I'm doing it video is weather is perfect
I can see do you know a smile like
growing how not to smile I don't trust
you girls confidence of doing this just
right now the window okay thank you
let's get 300 Vicki's you like it yeah I
can see the reflection of the thingy oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah done all three
look your turn do I regret my decisions
no I do not oh you look like you've just
got like a face mask on just about to
get get in bed and look cleansed you
look great oh really good that actually
really suits you
that's what you should do for let
Halloween a something like that like for
real it's well good amazing like
seriously that's so good what good is
that well honestly yes mmm that looks
really good that actually looks super
sick right
we need food in Africa and on the menu
we have got tenderloin tips okay
spicy stew and beverages I'm not gonna
lie I've never debated from Africa I
think I'm gonna try one yeah this is
kind of magically nice like wow but yeah
it turns out Africa doesn't actually
have a bit well at that aside Africa
doesn't have been that was all wine
idiot but we have almost looks like like
a couscous kind of thing tonight what
what is that okay well we've got oh
really okay mother
oh god that is hot you're a horrible
person
okay I'm I just finish it how would I
rate Africa's food 1 out of 10 solid one
me was even that flavor fault my mouth
is now on fire ruin the rest of my day
how dare you how could you god dammit
Africa you had one job there's a German
band absolutely G Amin out some modern
music I'm loving it and I'm gonna get
myself a beer this might be the Food and
Wine Festival but it's definitely not
the oh that's good Hefeweizen oh no my
car onion juice this is death for the
Germans macaroni and cheese it's like a
quiche it station that's a quiche I'm
property of the out then that's the
solid rear we're gonna conflict here you
ready seriously that's a joke that is
the most mediocre food I've ever tried
but I'll give it to I don't think that's
flavorful as off oh no no no no I love
keys but I don't realize just like mush
mush as for that did not look right
as for my bratwurst boom
Oh to the bench faint men eat the
sausage oh my wisdom tooth is growing
through long way let me try this one
more time
now shorten this side that's a good
burst but I need it with a bread dough
and knead it with a pretzel bread
mmm
not tonight we spent yeah we might get
Mike Mexican Poncho's just to like fit
in with the entire book I tell you
swimmer man this weather so many people
would wish for Sun cloud rain bring up
bring it bring your rain rip rain bring
it sorry what won't get mine will get
yours
Oktoberfest oh I've got to get a beer
here I have to I think it's Belgium
no Jimmy Jimmy is it it's Dutch I say
Dutch
you'll get rid of that early beer yeah I
want I wonder I wonder out of all these
shops where could you potentially buy a
Stein hmm yeah I know that one
oh my gosh is that for sale whoa
okay the size of that thing what oh that
is so my outfit that's sick
oh if we were alcoholics I could have
that one and you can have that one yeah
oh did you not actually sell these
ladies damn it but I want one of these
Jack and I could walk around the park
with this I would look like the most
intimidating person to drink with Johnny
I'm so cool we can't decide which
country were in so we didn't say
anything it's actually nuts for sale one
thousand dollars
Brooke do you know how much that is
guess how much that is fifty eighty
eighty dollars for that well that's all
I kept got all what to do was get a beer
in Germany Cheers
Kevin Weisser style
oh that's good
do it do it I'll do it can I buy that
here oh you can buy the white dress oh
my god no I could be the most culturally
appropriate person walk around the park
I love head offend no countries Oh God
we appear to be walking past Spain I'm
assuming they are there I am women I'm
gonna turn gay just to annoy you
Italy do you have any we're doing it's
quantum me
that's why do you have any Parma ham
some brochures on my on a chance wait no
I'm sure you can get meat and cheese all
right how do you know not read that at
characters caricature okay the
caricature how do you say that power
factor theory in a get together in a
cone Spanish meets cheese olives in a
vinaigrette sold this is everything I
could ever want right now it's me in a
cone you think you're gonna walk past
model village just like that heck no oh
my gosh there's actually a model train
village this is sick where's the woman
why would she do that
who's just aggressive and rude really
felt don't drop me me no drop me me in a
corner
she's not even had a drink and could be
up in the mountains over there and I
don't see it
oh wait okay wait I think I actually may
have seen train Gogh note that was just
a sunset the heck's a train
oh no Lydia this is just a train track
of no train you look at down so yeah
it's a believe my meat alone yeah that
didn't sound that yeah that didn't sound
right please yeah there's only one piece
of Parma ham it's pretty good
that's what you get for pushing it but
really is there actually not a train
I've been waiting here for like five
minutes now and I've not seen a single
train great Spain with disappoint okay
this is what it goes like to be Godzilla
that's a really good statement I'm gonna
give up on the whole train thing Eva it
is in the mountains or it crashed at
probably crashed
I am so content with my Konev now it's
just cheese sounds like something I
wanna buy that's poor if we're not gonna
eat at every place I'll take one for the
team I know and I'll drink one are you a
Prosecco oh okay
so take a sec oh and a lager so that
means that means we will go to every
country but not necessarily eat but we
will drink no they're so bloody
beautiful Italy
I'd like to say yes but I really don't
think so it would it would be nice get
no no but look how much bird poos on
that chair and it looks like hasn't been
cleaned in a long time so the answer I
would say is new
no no bits Venice the sinking city but
just look how nice this is getting what
does a pirate ship
there's the max that's it that's America
this is Italy it's just so bloody
beautiful oh I want to say we're in
Italy but Lydia said we might be in Rome
where's the Jalal Allah
oh there's definitely Gillette oh all
right look here we better why I've got
Chinese up but yeah sure whatever and
after three and a half hours three and a
half hours we made it to the half way
pine not even joking I'm trying to work
out what she's put down and lost but I'm
not oh she's lost the passport she's
she's run off because she doesn't want
to tell me what she's lost but she's
lost the passport uh-oh
she's lost a sticker stamp passport yeah
don't think we found it we're starting
again from scratch right you get
finished every single one so far woman
luckily we're only half way so you've
gotta fill in halfway around the world
with stickers get to it Oh interesting
it will never be the same
the other one had spillage marks of like
tastes of Africa yeah Mexico on it all
sort so you know relive the moment no
okay you made up that was pretty good
look at a girl she's like struggling
with the wind blow in the pages sure
trying to stick the stickers on oh she's
got a hot as well I love it should I say
hello what I got though oh no I forgot
what hello was how's it going hey
struggling you china was like ten
countries ago
this building and that sky together look
like a painting that is unreal I don't
think I've ever seen a sky like that in
my life I'd love to see behind this
building okay I got a lobster roll don't
do that why would you do that be not sir
aye sir
Gary hey our example fascinate God good
look pretty good right how good is that
sauce that's awesome oh nice I give it a
almost almost eight point five actually
now I'm soaked great oh nice you could
say that I just sat on it again my sea
is so wet through right that's my
lobster rock why are you doing what you
threw eyes on me my Lobster oh you know
I'm gonna work fine as well eight point
five I agree and I got American wheat
there sometimes be a little bit chewy
yeah craps always like it was kind of a
cross between it was meaty like lobster
yeah but it was a Baxter yep good I just
said it to come as a coke roll amazing
and the sauce was incredible and I got a
little wheat beer going on here I like
this and I said that to the camera
before you spoke boom roasted what are
you doing pretty selling what food is
that shave and ice shaved ice legit but
welcome to what I honestly think is the
greatest place in all of that car not
because of the food or anything just how
good it looks
I think of how long this must have taken
to build this is absolutely outstanding
but it I've even been to Japan and I can
say this right now feel like a new Japan
you know looks like 660 that's recorded
ha ha if you watch TV got 16 that 3/4 Oh
6,000 Betsy wait do we get the same oh
come on
and I get yours as well mine is such a
beautiful pearl these are quite big
actually you know but obviously much
more like really small ones there before
the person bananas got like 5 gallons
got like a 5 5 inch 5 inch that's a big
fucking pill
I've been filled through I be a
millionaire not to spoil the magic but
every single one had a pill before it
did come down to which one had the
bigger pill in it and you want yours is
well nicer than mine mine's just white
yeah because yours is closer okay so
yeah whatever oh hell yes okay I don't
know I don't get makeup on it but
Pokemon hats I was in tight Pokemon
section what nano blocks that just looks
difficult quite literally walked in here
just as it was about to start going dark
we walk outside after picking two pills
later is pitch boy Wow Oh quick from
Basco go look how nicely they look it
looks at night though absolutely
gorgeous look at the Epcot Center
gorgeous no ramen on the menu
however I am definitely gonna okay got
another fellas
we're gonna get a Oh spicy roll and no
yeah it spicy roll and then a logout do
yes no I'm gonna get suck it
spicy raw and sake Jim
Oh proper sake that Jesus I hope you
ticked off Morocco because I got a
Moroccan beer
thank you very much Morocco I appreciate
your face just a record this is a banyan
restaurant if you ever like Moroccan
food very random but basically kebabs
and stuff the one drink or white Lydia
top one the one drink I wanted to have
was and I slushie like alcohol it drink
back there and I waited to walk on the
entire way to offer it we got there and
they were like slushie machines melted
I'm holding up my under deal where
there's no food to eat you I'll get a
drink Livia's end of the deal is she
just make room for both do you think
I've waited this bit first of all
probably second of all no I'm not joking
I'm so bloated
I wanted that slushy so I can have a
break from being a meat with the henna
by now okay like no joke I'm getting a
henna tattoo no not a real tattoo
should I get a henna tattoo say made by
Karin on the other side of my leg cuz
okay it'll stay for like a week and I
can go and show them one pretend I got a
real tattoo my mom watches these vlogs I
Karen I'll get it tattooed saying made
by Ken in 30 minutes got your back end
carried by Karen for nine months you
know okay
don't you dare steal my henna spot I'll
kill you I'm sorting out a pretty cool
henna tattoo and Lydia turned up with no
yeah sure 25 years old got face paint on
getting a henna tattoo I like I was
straight up starting up with the
Illuminati I I love it
what are you getting oh really yeah
absolutely crushing this right now oh
yes oh yes
I've got like a wizard lion thank you
very much I don't want to say anything
whilst Lydia's getting a henna done but
I lent up off the table I'm gonna let up
off the table
I just squished
all the artwork shit I came clean I
messed it up but Hayley said she could
fix me I'm so will it be fixable
oh I'll swim and make up on this no we
don't say the C word around here yeah
I'm really sorry about that I know you
took like 20 minutes to do it and then I
ruined it
so hey man the Wi-Fi codes still no like
I said earlier but you know sorry I
ruined it
high five on the opposite side I
appreciate that
she mind the presence of several might
no definitely not obviously thank you so
much I appreciate
yeah yours looks bad kind of smooch -
looks like a poo Steve I said that looks
really magical we managed to find a spot
turn a life today and a life gangs
I've got mines glorious Alan love it
look at this like a magical wizard it's
like a Wizarding signify by this
insignia logo look sender insignia but
it's a magical addition oh my god just
realized my entire face is world-class
magic rendition but we managed to find
ourselves seats apparently for the five
explain
if this storm doesn't kill us we should
survive and watch it suddenly these are
good seats but I'm not sure you didn't
get chuckle on your chin it's called
makeup you just that make up your weirdo
chocolate I mean make up currently this
is the best seat in the house
why we say
I'll throw you in the river it's
actually really big raindrops coming
down there's a thunderstorm over there
so hopefully all these guys move we get
a like an open house seat and we're
sorry how was your crap
oh it's picking up its pick it up it's
picking up no no oh oh no seriously
ha ha ha ha ha look at the ball look at
the wall this rainstorm is seriously
picking up momentum
whoa watch them drop like flies they're
dropping weight they're going like oh
I'm fine I don't care if my clothes get
wet
you've got your passport in my pocket Oh
genius is when this person moves oh the
rain is really coming down
these guys got Poncho's yeah oh they're
all going everyone is going the rain has
come the people have run and I've saved
the day they dry bucks my back soaked
yeah butts way to protect the henna and
the face wait put the hands together
yeah look oh oh wait we've got stay
straight wait
that small shard is the smartest thing
I've ever seen well that's definitely a
plastic bag overhead which is health and
safety hazard book you know what smart
oh my god ok oh the rain is really
coming down and it's going through my
shoes everyone else is wearing Poncho's
me I'm actually tucking my feet in my
crazy so they don't get where the
passport is fine yeah didn't Epcot
fireworks in the world is amazing
because you show how much rain is coming
down look the floor look at this guy
he's wearing a condom nothing absolutely
nothing can dab it's your back where no
is it sergeant Miron play some music
it's been seven days in seven months in
seven years it's red it's rained every
day since yeah this is the water start
this is the what even the guys in
Poncho's have gone they strong condoms
uh he knows there is no kids around us
there's not cuz they've all run away
because of the rain like a normal human
being would do meanwhile you and me
alike your passport is in this pocket by
the way Byron de lis apatite we are very
moist and I really want I really want to
film this firework display ball that was
in the background at first this is the
contact this is how the Big Bang
happened apparently and then the
universe
story line with Tom
how you enjoying it Lydia how are you
enjoying the most much feel down earth
all right you get the picture there's
fireworks I've gotta go meet folks get
it wet by update the rain stopped you
know one hurt
it cost of $200,000 use their words
every night I heard $200,000 today the
fireworks every night
phone charger really unfortunate timing
that it rained the 20 minutes that this
shows died avoid fire do I have the
rupture no you'll smell it yeah had one
job woman you've ruined another passport
why you oh wow
no excuse
like oh wow oh my god Wow Wow
Wow
oh my god so good during filming look at
it
Wow oh wait for it wait for it one more
no it's really that's what's good huh
net that they update Libya's looked
amazing she also has part of the map
that says no Jo by accident says legend
and then there's mine it looks like I
stuck my hand in a pile of shit no it
does my hand looks very dirty to say the
least and yours looks so hella good
wait that looks sick look at that if I
just wipe off the top of it it looks
sick the illuminate the Illuminati eye
looks more like the brown eye after that
comment introduced it well you actually
owe my god you're so wet through I was
really happy with my tattoo and I
smudged it again
or should I say somebody did we made it
to / Marg country Canada it we actually
made it to Canada but I thought say if
someone says Canada I say okay I
understand the tones but I don't son
this is this also part of Canada not
even being rude like I know like Canada
and all that starts to pour it looks
like a French castle I know clearly and
speak French like certain people they
bought I don't okay first of all wait
look look at our faces we look
terrifying can someone do this and then
send those pictures apparently you can
get Navi makeup in Avatar
like in Pandora and it's UV yes yes
there is still indeed a storm going on
behind this boy I will say this Epcot
International Food and Wine Festival
sorry you couldn't see any of that Epcot
International Food and Wine Festival
your murder then goddamn welcome thanks
for charge it was like five thousand
billion 20 quid boom
bye oh yeah is in the plumping of a bill
oh yeah Home Sweet
thank you
adios amigos thank you thank you very
much to the driver appreciate a lot oh
thank you so much you have a great night
would you like a free heart Wow would
you like to keep it oh my god then there
you go you saved me a job that hat is
now yours thank God I was never going at
that back to England
my uber driver just gained a sixteen
dollar huh
six dollars six till it oh no way
high five that is amazing you have a
great night alright see you later
$6.00 Eber ride home I gave her a $16
like Chinese hat that was a deal
on that note of epicness I've had an
amazing day don't surrender Barry don't
do it don't ever do it
