it's a new day in London it's not
exactly too severe it's not too rainy
but it's seven o'clock tonight it won't
matter because I'll be inside because we
have something to unveil now before I
get started with today's day I have
several things need to do I need to one
eat this Paul's breakfast because I
don't know whether you recommended to me
whilst I was in France and it got one in
London so that's what we're doing then
meet up with Lou come and visit me look
then after that we're gonna go hope to
see kinky boots and then we're gonna go
to the hotel hey my mustache is bad
that's it it's about the length of your
hair and your hand just sticking out do
you shave it do you trim it she probably
quit we actually made it into the show
we only miss like five minutes but what
you guys think so far you enjoyed it oh
what's good the shades you say I love
you look like shit he's tired he was out
so like four o'clock drink him he
parties to have brought safety girlies
down it's time I get a drink got a
bloody baleen in this is basically a
glass of champagne
frozen well Prosecco frozen
thoughts/opinions it really just says it
frozen champagne I'm not sexually
harassing you well the Showtime may
continue and the wife is oh my god I
don't know I'm saying this guy eats
salted popcorn over sweet popcorn no I
don't I don't understand Americans with
butter but then this as well cut explain
yourself no I want them to tell me is
that pronounced how do you say that free
pascal's how do you say it past feels
past steals route past deals why is
there neither why is their name if
there's pastels there would have been no
e the comment section oh right I love
you
someone's just fucking crashed the taxi
straight in front of us fucking cunt
fucking hell
holy shit we just walked up there two
seconds ago and that just motocross the
law off the way oh my fucking god
no joke did we literally did we not just
walk that we walked up the road we were
destroyed and I was out oh this looks
like a nice place to eat and went to
look at the menu went to go to like the
door for all sort of fucking taxi just
plowed into I think these people
underneath the fucking taxi and into the
building wall down that road someone
just try crashed into it I rolled up no
one knows anything is happened nobody
knows anything but no one has a fucking
clue friend could get rid of this
moustache and beard today but I don't
have like a clean shave court so it's
gonna look all stably which I don't
there's a good thing or a bad thing but
like if you look in Russian I'll go that
red spots there from where I trimmed a
little bit yesterday I probably can be
full of red spots if I shave tonight but
I've gotta get rid of it
not them first has to go so today it's
been one hell of a day but it was all
that this entire trip has led to one
point being the unboxing of the brand
new razor phone so in three two one and
you did time to open the box
ladies and gentlemen I present to you
the razor phone watch listen play and oh
ma
watching movies in bed listening to
music on you were talking virtual us
when you can be mute you need a device
that delivers breathtaking visuals
cinematic audio and the power to last
all day even men himself sign this i
want to hope he does every single one by
hands if he doesn't I'm gonna take
myself 15,000 phones from the event
tonight intend to reveal it this is the
first time of popped it out of its
little casing I don't even I'm one of
those people who doesn't want to take it
out the wrapper just because but yes I'm
doing this entire unboxing in a bathroom
because it's the only place in this
hotel that has good lighting I'm one of
those people who doesn't want to take
the new phone out of the plastic wrapper
and I usually keep the screen on for as
long as I can but let's take a look at
what's inside the bar okay right so
there's one thing razors just really
good at in general is epic package and
look at it you flip it open you've got
the phone you open this bad boy up and
oh my potato that's a that's a good
thing not a bad potato this is a good
potato inside the box we've got our
laser branded power charger look at that
USB see ready to go look at the wiring
look at all sexual as usual everything
in Razer is just gorgeous even like look
the SIM card popper outer absolutely
stunningly gorgeous we've got the Razer
headphone jack because you know that
means that this boy doesn't actually
come with it it's with the tans it's
with a modern-day times you've got the
adapter you've got the phone so let's
take this wrapper off and see what it
looks like and begin the size of the
screen look at the size of those
speakers this bad boys not just a phone
for like noobs this is for the best of
the best this thing's rocking a 120
Hertz Ultra motion screen which is like
just absolutely sexy these speakers that
like the Dolby Atmos surround the sound
so you know when you're watching when
you're gaming when you're doing whatever
you need to do you've got pure sensual
sexiness in your face before I read up
all the specs the wife is hiding in the
background brushing your teeth just
making it like totally not awkward or
anything but ah I'm gonna redo some
specs for you a four thousand milliamp
battery
rocking
internally a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835
with eight gigabytes of RAM my black and
drool 12 megapixel cameras on the rear
looking sexy really alongside that razer
logo in silver it's a very nicely design
I've gotta admit I did think it was
going to be green on the back but you
know what the black and silver just
looks so damn good together and this is
the first time on the brand new phone
myself
I've seen but never seen the full thing
so I'm taking this now to the Razer
event where we're going to test it
properly I don't even turn the thing on
so we're gonna be doing it trying to end
and enjoying it yeah for the record I've
not even charged it and I don't know why
I snipped it yeah girlfriend was just
like have you even charged it not yet
it's hidden the little things even
though it's just green on the inside and
like that it's just green that's it but
like just a little detail with Ray's if
you've ever oh I know a lot of you guys
have got like crazy keyboard and my
sister flat if you've ever got anything
from Razer the detail in the packaging
the product is always the best so again
just mad props to raise it it's like I'm
a fucking rock by my brand new phone but
more importantly I'm like blue green on
Santa wire and a Razer branded plug it's
just beautiful so simple so sleek I
don't know if you can see me in the
reflection but I'm wearing a shirt and a
cold I look like I'm going to a funeral
or something but you you just like you
do look really good
we just watched a play where the guy was
like in trouble I think goes you look
great he's like that creep is if like
he's not bina and my reflection back
clothes is he's like being a creep like
you look great yo this is this is all
area yo this is hella fancy dude you
guys found a sick bar love you brother
and didn't know turning hot oh I've
never to miss on before it is like a lie
shot actually don't know what it's doing
welcome no I'll go English UK please I
know it changes broke it
hey wait espanol oh my god hey listen
alright fine I won't do the voice all
I'm saying is this building is the
science industry Museum where we're
going inside it and it's green that's
where raises hosting your event I've got
a new phone you don't get over it anal
anal bead bitch what you did not do
nothing Olivia would like to correct me
to say it's not scientific Ray's design
it's not science English Museum it's
just science MIT Museum palette we're
going in through the exit no razor
keynote oh we are going through the exit
let's do it let's do it listen I think I
can see a twin is that a twin it's a
twin be vulgar I've got a camera look at
me I'm so important by the way every
single person in hasn't seen this yet so
I'm the only person in this building
with the razor phone and these guys
don't know I have it it looks like hey
guys look it's right here and they're
gonna be to raise the branding up here
we got a green that I could go to green
horn and I don't know why I'm walking
past this lines I'm pretty sure I'm
supposed to be it but my crews down here
so um open them look at this is like
I'll have friends who feel free to
intervene any time you want these people
just watch these guys walk it's was like
is he okay no not okay I'm being
attacked raise your sponsor if it wasn't
obvious today is a very very sponsored
razor video why because I'm not bound
about one second that's a rocket this is
a sponsored video by a brand new phone
that they brought out so thank you very
much razor for sponsoring this video
this is sick what a place to host an
event right the wives like this is great
but I can't talks I've lost my voice
there's no way that's real is it is that
the real one
alright okay don't don't discredit them
if it landed on the moon it could be
made out of bloody tissue paper all I
can say how to make razor happy oh
that's nice but it's not a brand new
razor product is it announcement coming
soon he was supposed to have already got
stuck in customs this is easily the
coolest venue I've ever been well
snapchat in vlogging not a helmet
what a sick venue to reveal something
new you did good kid come on man take
the credit I'm giving it you good I can
just hear I can hear him taking photos I
can hear you guys like so confused
behind and we're almost in the I was
gonna ask you've got we're pretty sure
we're late to the keynote hi guys thank
you welcome for coming to the event
appreciate welcome hey you guys can be
joining us Nick don't
yeah this one yo give us the toaster
you know that's because there is that
which is used today
all right well with the guys and Nova to
make friends
addition and get time edition free with
every single song this is the same way
as an iPhone 8 plus there we go so super
light if feels really good you've packed
a lot of goodness in a single phone
Medal of Honor oh my god Elliot's
he's about to win a brand new phone just
because you're wearing the t-shirt
doesn't mean I'm gonna give you this
okay doesn't mean I'm gonna give you the
phone give me a fist bump
I like you stop seeing people in the
brand everywhere is just so fucking cool
what an amazing show I'm looking look at
you look at you all proud look at him he
produced this entire thing today like I
ate one cookie
look at what you've done look at this so
happy hippie bro I think this is a very
new cheers boys to one hell of an event
and one hell of a day of course Nick the
dick it's really the whole thing that's
actually kind of taking off your bed I'm
gonna take this beer and escape there
bye-bye you've got one of these already
yes first men
no where's recent listed min said to me
that mean not this guy me many were that
only people who goes out apart from the
two other people who every single press
member and here's got one son of a bitch
min I'm gonna steal more you laptops
everybody over here is talking and
drinking drinking and talking airplane
and then you come in here and you've got
aeroplane engines and then mini
helicopter and a mini I said play but I
said look up there Wow Wow
we're just look at just look at
representing from Raisa can we give a
shout-out to our boy fuckheads
I don't wait look this is my best I'm
filming on a raise the phone filming to
raise the phone of a guy reviewing a
razor phone
inception bitch call inception imagine
if you had one of these yeah it might
imagine just just imagine just imagine
you've got one of these I have a race a
pony do you have just gonna be a punk on
a brand-new razor for you hello this is
customs yeah I just started drinking
this beer because it was by the side of
my feet and I thought it was my beer I
just realized I'm not been drinking
Peroni and this is a half-empty ball you
drink your brownie before by the way I
started on my snapchat follow leak on
snapchat what's your snapchat befores
how do you spell it
I'd looka snapchat wants like 100
million followers anyway look at that
big-ass
plane above us this is such a cool ass
experience what do you think of this is
it cool if I was cool what's inside here
yeah I like engine things that go boom
I'm in line we got a razor real fortune
think is I'm straight-up saying this
right now nicking this idea for my
syndicate original booth at the next
game in event I go to this is such a
good idea
shadow rated Nicholas idea for my shows
that we go to you can win a blade
notepad a headset a mouse mat a backpack
it's fucking sick alright the way this
works actually is you need to get
something signed you have to get
something to sign which says you can
have a girl and then you get your token
you can come in and then you can spin it
sweet oh this is so sick you're in a
headset headset headset
you in the back foot what do you wanna
back rekt wait for it wait for it wait
for it wait
oh oh oh what do you wanna win anything
oh then you're guaranteed you're my man
yeah it comes up the wall headset you
can have this anyway that's for you
there you go you get bonus gift you had
you have to deal with me in the queue
next year ah hey did you know that's the
worst one you can win just sayin yeah
fuck yeah they won this did you win that
yeah
really I'm gonna be a headset oh I won I
won the worst one I won a notepad that
was like this big
but I also gave that way so hey so where
where are you doing the giveaway if you
guys are in a black race backpack yeah
pretty backpack going to this is such a
cool sell for gamers by gamers they
should throw an event like this like at
least once a year not a phone launch
just all sorts to flight set off dead
cool private invite-only to the people
who care about the brand shit you a
magic trick much mine everyone's been
playing on if you wear like win over
watch the best player out the team that
wins gets to go on the spin the wheel
and then you get to win some epic prizes
terrorizes won all these laptops help
for games you've got like FIFA in store
arena ravallo over here what you want to
get some food through town I'm gonna go
ahead and raise the phone him and
ambulance like he's out of Skyrim looks
dope as tits don't actually know what it
is is a lighthouse okay I can believe
that in a minute
this is SSA an old choo-choo train or a
tractor or something don't know what
this is this is my wife don't know what
that is I'm pretty sure that pause
molten lava and then that's train
we love you bear we do oh we love you
this has this who again hat
my wife my sister great recommendation
house good you see that pub there on the
corner
we came out
and we're all young xjawz not 21 from
America can drink went up to the bounce
of that poor but like one o'clock in the
morning handed him like a thousand
pounds and asked without even trying to
get in ask the guy can you please not
ask us for ID and just let us come in
and drink and party and I'll give you
like like I think was at 1800 pounds it
went to give it him and he was like we
were like what the fuck but he was so
fucked out he's facing you know he's
doing he gave him the money all of it
and I went like that
nope grabbed it out the bouncer
challenged the bounces the the bounces
like face was distraught that took them
or nothing but obviously you can't let
no honestly it was so much money that
ironies but it was like Marlon
Eve coz pie at my house we have a hog
roast in a photo booth thank you very
much for watching make sure you leave a
like rating subscribe ding dong you know
of Katie Bell to get in okay Jim time
beer good luck
I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. until
then thanks watching and you nose man
wait what
stop no no no no we've had curry no no
