no kanaday today and you may noticed the
potato hair so the reason for potato
hair is because we're gonna go to a
water park today but I ain't just saying
rockin the new work design is this again
oh yeah
compass I know it was a really creative
name why was it called compass there's a
compass on the back you're ready for a
water park oh yeah a survey that said if
my swim shots fall down like my ball
socks definitely follow okay that's way
too many people to walk around the
corner to say balls on - so nope I've
never said another that's not I'm not
running for that bus there cuz it's the
wrong bus who would get on the wrong bus
hmmm just saying also wanna know what
were just saying we just walked how they
exit then and the like the Bell keep
guide just by the wisest guy staring it
I do maybe right when you're vlogging
everyone's desert you're like why's that
go crazy I think I'm gonna do now my
vlog is what I'm like vlogging someone
like straight up stairs I mean why would
they turn look at me as I'm just going
around it just put them on the spot see
what kind of reactions we can get but
what I was saying is as we were walking
out the Bell keep over there said to a
woman like did you have a great day and
she looked at him with a bitchiest face
and a broken arm and went no not really
so yes some people are not having the
happiest time on earth at Disney
whereas I I am oh and it's the Briggs
truck or the Dunbar truck that guys
growing up to collect out of money
imagine if I filmed the robbery go down
right now hold the goddamn press stop
the press I don't know what I'm saying
right now I've tried to film this twice
well I was trying to say oh my god
ladies and gentlemen Lydia's finally
shaved around pits but she didn't shave
a legs a video that's all offer a legs
now whoa they're hairy than mine God
okay we're gonna get the boss but it
turns out it's only a six minute drive
by an uber so we're just gonna take the
uber rather than a 20-minute bus so yeah
efficiency it took six minutes and cost
six dollars whereas the bus was gonna
take half an hour and was free you know
you gotta balance it out because boom
boom Lagoon straight in without Disney
passage so it's Yoda scoops welcome to
Typhoon Lagoon where this Beach Patrol
and we're about to find some fun
really
knowing what to expect it like I see a
big amount of water there which is great
and I think that's the big wave machine
I've seen before but the thing I'm
questioning is like is there like our
long queues for room lights no idea oh
my god that wave machine looks amazing
oh by the way it's gonna look really big
but more importantly my audio is gonna
sound like shape so all I can do is
apologize
Oh me it's like a white sandy beach this
is amazing oh my god hot oh it's hot oh
it's hot who talks first right of the
day keelhaul Falls waterpark I am
acquired apparently we take this up to
the top of this hill and then we scoot
on down again not too sure how this
phone case thing's gonna work out I know
I sound like I'm in a fish tank or you
might even be able to hear me
oops I'm not just randomly filming
random children these guys are like are
you told me you syndicate with from
London a bomb of sorry so just shout out
to the vlog there you go they want it to
be the vlog I was there just vlogging
you are we all make this guy give me
free shout outs yes thank you very much
all right enjoy the rest of your holiday
how random oh just plug it in any good
job Shane DK I was like yep okay this is
the first waterpark I've been on in
Florida and apparently they're pretty
good at them it's kind of slow and my
ass being dragged along the bottom Oh
pick up speed oh yes oh yes yes speed
yes food okay no this is actually
picking up speed
not even line that I'm being hit by
leaves right now this is a live report
it's blowing sound right I can't see
anything
I have no idea what's behind I couldn't
sit I was backwards in time I fell out I
thought that would be the end one idiot
and
we go lads I don't appreciate this at
all
massive oh my god right we're like ants
carrying food to the nest so I'm
carrying this on top of my head up the
slide to the top I mean up the SAS atop
hurricane my ass
the weather's gorgeous okay oh oh that's
what we're doing this is the one we're
doing okay this one looks better okay I
like this oh yeah yeah go on that geese
okay
I'm hoping this one's a bit more of an
interesting ride oh thanks stitch it did
so hold on tight maybe forming this is
right this is this is making for small
children sick this whole water park
things don't work it out too well for me
right now
yeah oh
look at the end run hello oh my God he's
so cute
oh we're going on a family raft
gangplank Falls if you hello again
family were covered this is the big wave
pool so everyone just waits there for
this massive waves ago wait oh wait it's
going it's going it's going it's coming
oh my gosh yo oh my god that is awesome
I'm at Lydia style my hair really oh my
god there that's the male
oh I am I am I am easy don't think
that's it really
what yeah I would like a refund for my
entire ticket
this is this is just taking a Pirates of
the Caribbean themed cheating right now
I mean twists right now not to you were
awful person
Oh what is that payback from last night
first world problems it's raining a war
park the thing is it's not really that
bad it could have been for visual effect
because we're gonna put the mountain but
what I was gonna say yeah what I was
gonna say is like it's not too bad
however because it's quite cold today
when the wind blows and you're a bit wet
your nipples drop really had I'm rockin
bloody iceberg boys and we finally made
it to the top of the mountain and it is
a boat under hill mr. rains really
coming down in it but it's the scouts
not bad
yeah oh that is a sick view from here
that is so the park Merced but what like
this guys knocked it well that's a bit
grey but I think it'll pass it smells
like damp feet
yeah I like that goodbye Bono
oh yeah yeah oh wait can actually see if
it comes out like it's someone not come
out you okay down there what are you
doing
oh god she disappeared
Oh No oh he would I've got ankles
crossed you're going down going down
yeah we are going down on your marks
I see you fall above him sir I think it
goes green I'm legit seeing stars right
now do not spend it that's fine thank
you oh god damn it it's successful I'm
so gonna lose my credit card again
hey guys how you doing Tom here just
through the blog
don't mind me just sliding down the
slide credit cards and get lost again
I lost the credit card again yeah I
should probably not put my credit card
at this box kimdiver did he get it yes
bye guys thank you so much yeah second
time thank you so much my man me okay
you have to put this credit card like my
ass or something to not lose it I've got
it in a sealed pocket in the back I
don't know how it's getting help
like really I got the clue currently on
my own now because I told everyone to go
back up to the top last I was waiting
for the diver to get my credit card
because they wouldn't let me go and get
it for safety so I'm gonna try and get
to the top and whilst I like where is he
where is he busy I'm gonna come sliding
down I'm gonna try putting my credit
card in this pocket oh by the way it's
really raining now like really raining
supposed to lay down well I hit my head
on anything if I don't I think you pick
up more speed of getting down I mean
Jesus pew the lady need nearly lived
there she is oh well they started
elegant my entrance I fall over the
place nothing like walk in a men's
bathroom with no shoes on he's a pet is
a proper Scottish parrot
we're now going like some Kitty raft
ride but I did hear some screaming on it
of adults to be fair if it's just people
like Vidia screaming
I'd say about you anyway we're about to
go down a river up it so wishes look
okay pretty good this is kind of nice
yeah I thought this is the one in Dubai
I ever the way if you guys didn't know
then he was within me in Dubai
so another wall arrives I was on and you
can hear the person screaming in the
background
no one even picked up she was with me
everyone thought it was just some random
girl on the right nope it was Lydia it's
not like epic wait what's this dry oh
god I dodged it like that I'm a pro or
no yes way I'm doing this like a blue
blue okay get ready nice
always all that he's got some wall oh
sorry Olivia gave up helping carrying it
typical thing with this right is there's
the banana blaster which we just did
we're now gonna do the coconut pusher
and then we'll do the pineapple plunger
okay here we go I'm going I'm going at
the front this times oh this is actually
quite a first person but respected Wow
like hey guys through the first person
foot commentary
keepo keepo keepo keepo keepo keepo you
guys here you go
yeah oh god go on go on go on we did
with would not touch the sidewalls nice
we need to get to that location that
beach over there but rather than going
all the way around we're gonna go
through the tidal wave oh god that is
mental oh my god that looks like chaos
alright watch watch I survived
survive
using Utah I did not go I might really
hold myself up and drown
I managed to snap for Emidio wait Lydia
if I can go for five oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh oh no no no no are you
doing
stay stay stay hold up I secured it okay
you're fine no I need one more wait one
more
no the bridge bridge let's go go
yes yes yes hello hello right
going to going to ganda so now this is
straight one of the coolest lazy
strippers other ever been on it just
keeps going and going and going
you enjoying it don't know
here you go but how gracefully what do
you mean do you mean yeah that's a
graceful boom grab there's more than
enough room on that on that on that door
for two boy so one thing I never
understood about a film was there was
clearly enough room on the door for two
like she needed a space I understand
if he doesn't like a creep like you know
whether waterfalls and sprays I just
hold her in places like hey mom not
music
okay I swallowed way too much water and
so much chlorines go into my eyes that
my vision is like blurry but we're now
gonna go get in a big weight machine so
Surf's Up dude the rest of the part is
gone and they're playing on the wave
machine and Lydia's messing around with
a lady boat she's like I said it's like
I said it's live
do you save it's live yeah I think the
reason it did want to get off you is cuz
it was dead
okay this is wave test one I'm only at
the three meter mark I'm gonna see how
this hits it's coming quite strong I
repeat quite strong okay I survived a
farm Lydia hello are you ready to go
deeper let's go that was the first wave
test survived perfectly fine
credit cards still intact yeah Lenore
yeah oh no I didn't mean to go into war
I just head-butted it but right I want
to get on the top of this big wave but
I'm worried I'm gonna smack into someone
so there is a hell of a lot of obstacles
of people out here so let's survive in
stab always Surf's Up mother truckers oh
yeah a hundred um Baywatch suits look
they're wearing all red but yeah I am
naturally made for the water there's a
red line on the floor which means we're
in the danger zone and this Candy's
definitely got stand-up now oh wait wait
you go there's my size I'm in between 5
for 11 and 5 for 5
what's coming oh oh ok
okay that wasn't bad that wasn't bad I'm
right in the middle known around me to
crush insu
bring it on this whole thing is a wave
machine and how insane is that
absolutely relaxing not bad actually not
bad at all not bad at all
I can stand up it Thanks so going up
right near the fun is fun but it just
like lifts you up in the air and that's
about it
whereas if you're standing here where
the red line is that's the danger zone
where the wave breaks we think so it's
quite open to water
oh so much Cory my eyes okay already I
wanted to do this monkey edition so well
then stand here the brake line again and
we're gonna wait for it like it's when
there is eight this is like my twitch
chat but when the plebs are free you're
like in the Twitter and then there are
like going crazy so bring it on twitch
chat bring it on
wanna be there okay can we do this one
more time but this time you don't drown
me trying hold on
siren blaring basically what I'm after
is at the moment it itch is fine don't
drown me over at last time you were on
the back of me I can do please Lee we
will spray I'm gonna stand dead still
like I'm like surfing mode you ready
it's the waves oh oh you know you think
you're not gonna fall over I'm gonna
wait five four three two one
let's review this one it's all motion by
slow motion like I'm gonna jump into it
this may end up not working but we're
going to try it in a secret cider so it
goes bang bang bang and then me get my
shot
I'll kaboosh Alakazam three two one wait
Ritchie one wing three two one water
okay
let's see how that give up fired
these two have never had dippin dots
before all right it's a bit like but
frozen million yeah it isn't it yeah you
like it all right
I'm just filming these eating dippin
dots and she's freaking out over here
like I watch these YouTube videos
Hosea has never had dippin dots or gonna
get that yeah go for it all of it hmm
whoa he's like sarcasm you must thank
you are you chewing it I'm gonna chew it
I love some I talked about it so many
times I'll chew it
don't chew it well up how nice is that
it's like cold what's going on here
you're weird
don't appreciate that hey hey much
nothing left
really you eat all my dippin dots and
then you drop my spoon oh this park
again
I don't we absolutely smashed it yet
another one typhoon will get up to him
boom back high five typhoon lagoon
smashed
lagoon you were amazing
really good day really good fun honestly
that was amazing it's good fun and the
queues were really not bad we could have
got on things like 20 million times but
we didn't know in a bad way it's just
that we will rush for time
why am i doing one waving right now
what's going on yes sorry I love that
song anyway going to sleep I see still
going alright
Kotaku Thomas go when else would be
rumour has it that the one-way mammoth
has been exchanged for about five years
five million billion yes I was a bit off
for my days there but we seem to have
located one here in the wild we see
Spanish mother we're going to approach
him and just to make sure it is indeed
oh sorry
watch it out right yeah we're leaving
them behind because we're gonna go for a
steak dinner every meal we've had at
Disney so far has been so high hopes for
this book at the same time not really
are you looking nice contrasting against
me full white black my eyes hurt lots of
chlorine in it well yeah just put some
moisturizer in your eyes woo oh I'm not
filming you miss Barry that restaurant
looks so nice in there she called me for
me that was just great great now I'm
awkward so this is the other side of the
hotel this wasn't advertised online but
oh my gosh this which we made
magical it's magical we stayed in a
moment that's why I was so cheap there's
a spar over here is a bun playing live
music
oh my god oh this is where we're going
steak house fine in America got away
it's the beef beef beef on that plate
Oh who's been in anyone famous no famous
I don't know okay it's nice the menu
used to be online okay that's pretty
cool
what went wrong why did they stop it
smash glasses decision made it's morphin
the houses Walton what's 12 him wait no
you can't you dolphin again you
triggered a small fish Andy that's
pretty cool too started a bit bloody
hell I can't tell 16 woody dollars
better come with a light-up globe in it
my cube just saying I think it's playing
a bit of Frank Sinatra in the background
oh I'm so excited right now
honestly I've eaten so good here on this
trip like when I go back home I do eat
good food but when I get into a stream
and routine I can so easily just eat you
shouldn't and Ficke is so frustrating
like that's why America has just such
good food but appetizers Oh
steak tartare shrimp cocktail Easter's
yeah lobster brisk this no no no no
entrees we've got some alarm surfing -
Australian lobster what look at these
Australian lobster tail 20 quid for my
god
that is major expensive but I think I
know what I came here for I came here
for a rib eye oh my god you can get a
porterhouse bought a house steak is kind
of America's best kind of remind a best
best state for 48 ounces it's 105
dollars
I'll take ya he's gonna say six ounces
but the minimum is 10 so I'll take a ten
on steak 22 ounce cowboy real like Wow
16 ouncer boneless New York Strip
okay we are boning rapport with the
Kansas City strip
all the flavor of you are / smell salt
you always know you're in a good
restaurant where the bread comes Oh like
right but could the size it is thread
look at that I know right we both had
the same reaction oh my god
fresh-baked bread hell yeah I've never
bread this fresh
hmm like would you like to order now I'm
at thanks I felt upon the bread I know
the wolf is good enough it's
instrumenting is it good mm yeah okay
any boy so because I'm getting a cowboy
rib eye for a men I decided to get fish
status I've gone for this tuna thing
which I think he's got like a bit of a
spicy out edge to it which is gonna be
God just like hot but can I just show
you this right now it's got the world's
cutest Tabasco bottle but which is sat
here next to my dish looking absolutely
mean how's yours fronds wrapped in bacon
America hot really hot I try the sauce
okay yeah that's hot sauce
it's got bacon wrecking with it okay
bacon prawns you decided that was a good
idea because the best idea I've ever had
Oh see hood Lidia style I was pretty
amazing
here's to my tuna it definitely doesn't
like sushi feel to it since I've got my
raw tuna book very spicy God that is
good yo I just missed out there and the
sauce on the bottom is like a spicy soy
which is absolutely gorgeous
and I know I've already handed out one
ten out of ten was a billion for this
start out tempeh what in the hell I
never give her a ten out of ten
I have even believe I gave a ten out of
ten - the the curry and all-you-can-eat
buffet at Tiffany's Disney Cafe
character cafe what the hell I'm tempted
to put some Tabasco on it cuz that's
what you're supposed to do but at the
same time I'm not exactly a fan I might
just keep that as a lot of presence I
think it's kind of cute that was amazing
just saying this right now
you got that entire loaf of bread this
is where I like in America you can just
get really fat and I'm not being rude
but it explains why there's a lot of big
American really like Mia Liddy we should
talk about here
the portion sizes are insane that could
have been a main meeting that could be
the main meal for you as well like it
Lydia said put some chips on the side
it's not gonna be a full meal and I
totally agree because the fact that I've
now got 22 ounce ribeye on the way as
well as just like kind of overwhelming
and the entire time they're like what do
I care
a dessert menu I would like to order
dessert for afterwards it's like what if
I'm bloody full got enough food no we've
got an entire tree broccoli okay rib eye
filet crab macaroni and cheese mushrooms
peppercorn sauce hollandaise sauce I
could be completely wrong what is it
holiday sauce bah they I didn't mean
holidays is that some pasta that's
not Bonnie so what is that know what it
is on the side so what's that
we have a feast of champions I'm already
filled actually truly filled from the
stars so if I somehow managed to eat all
this I'm a wizard medium plus not medium
well revived taste test
I've missed America as yours
well it's pretty appropriate yeah can I
take a log of broccoli please that's
insane I could feed an entire family of
whole with that amount of broccoli right
there oh whoa this steak oh my water 25
maybe 30 minutes later I finally
defeated that steak
I tell you summat man that was so so so
nice and I want to say I defeated it but
no it defeated me
hardly any gristle on the state
whatsoever took it down to the bone
smashed it didn't even touch this did
nothing to this and the Stila we didn't
DeForest the broccoli so we've got a
late night snack so good that we're
boxing it and taking it and I said to
the guys like he's brought a suitcase
for the food a joke would have worked if
you could have seen the boxes but
instead I just film that guys I asked
for five seconds so sorry about that
I've been saying that that restaurant
that long but I was convinced it was
nighttime
the Sun is still out what the heck guys
well mess you in my head I'm just saying
this right now if you ever come to
Disney you have to go to that restaurant
that was so good I said I said ten out
of ten I'm gonna give it a nine point
nine just like when I go through this
book yes I can I'm gonna give it a nine
point nine just because I know it sounds
crazy but just cuz the portion sizes was
so overwhelming it was kind of like but
like no joke nine point nine that food
was so unbelievably good you have to go
and at mistake there if you and your
family are ever in town get your asses
into the dolphin and get to that steak
house is it not messing with your head
that it's not night time I walked
outside and was like the heck okay what
would you've that restaurant now with
them
because I would have given that a ten
out of ten the only reason I didn't I
give it a nine point nine and my reason
and my reason was the portion size too
big that's why we're on the same level
that's exactly what I said that's
exactly what I said I was walking on
stairs world wow we were gonna go back
to the hotel but we're not doing that
we're gonna jump on this boat right now
which takes us to the Hollywood studios
where Jimmy moon went to watch like
Fantasmic but it was like close I know
well we're gonna go watch that at half
past eight so we've got like 50 we got
like 15 minutes to get there which this
takes 10 and we should be able to get
there watch the show and we'll be okay
everything would be okay right now why
we're almost like approached in the park
and all
because I forgot I was always the yeah
because I forgot
the park circuits we can't just walk in
so we even get the bulk back to the
hotel get the keys and then come back oh
we try
I'd be like a wing it so I think we're
gonna try and wing it but look how
beautiful this is like Florida is
beautiful I want to say I don't have
high hopes that this is gonna work at
the same time I have high hopes this is
gonna work so let's see if we can get it
to the park go out without having to pay
the boat back and back again and see how
things you say we did want to mess
around in the slightest we got new cards
we're straight into the park and we
chillin it doesn't solve the problem of
whatever did we do with this now box of
food which I really want to keep a neat
but at the same time I'm like is this
just a painting that we need final
Walker
we need a locker to put our food in also
that sky is gorgeous also also I need
the toilet and also listen here Walt
I don't care if you're frozen underneath
the castle in the middle of the pack oh
my god that is beautiful see she agrees
it's almost like an oil painting
beautiful beautiful smile :
pastel that's exactly what you owe
seiyya because it's straight burning my
eyeballs with more back to mr. Disney
calling you out right now what was I
talking about what was she talking about
yeah but I was gonna argue about him I
don't know I have a little just brain
fide okay pause the whole at what I was
calling Walt Disney out on set up a
goddamn clue for I just realized and fYI
Jose actually works at this theme park
of the entire theme park is like guest
relations look the trolley car is like a
coffee place but look it's Starbucks
whoa it's like a hidden easter egg they
don't want the Starbucks branding
everywhere they want to keep it like
Disney themed so they hide it I'm sick
got a pumpkin pie flat air iced not by
choice
there's your drink let's hope you got it
right this is the most American drink
ever
pumpkin spice latte you're gonna try it
it's to try this pumpkin spice latte
don't become basic are you shred it
pumpkin spice latte
that's that sleeper I love this ring
ah it's not bad when his warmth it's
like a bird taste it's like okay sure
gingerbread third back at it again
wait right okay stay there please don't
bring it back oh my god okay just this
one time
one time
or oh my gosh it's not actually from the
Senate we're actually gonna see it let's
do this
Oh
oh this is so magical
how insane
you could believe it but on top of my
queen of days
- fire
my god
oh it's so
he says his tink about it is
the magical
the og Steamboat Willie
two amazing childhood the motive power
on everybody's dad
Wow
it's gonna be right in the fields of
your life that hit me so in the field so
if you feel that was absolutely worth it
and again thank you to this guy he made
this happen
like like said he works at get
relationship but is a East Asian food
and you know remotely benefit my store
can be quiet money so hook you up so you
finally managed to watch it I fell it
says right now if you ever come here you
have to come watch this show magical and
jutsu that I can now say Disney
Hollywood studios complete absolutely
complete ok I said that it was the
Indiana Jones thing that we didn't say
but we weren't too bothered about that
like really like we didn't care about
that but that everything that we
actually worked to do completed boom it
was taking that long for the traffic to
get through that I walked to the uber
rather than waiting for the viewer to
come to me and now I'm driving the uber
back to where everyone else it's always
a pickup for Tom pick him for Tom I went
and got the uber and bright back okay
and I jump in the front it was quicker
for me to walking on get him it took was
an hour
a god damn hour to get through back in
law and back to business friend Springs
I didn't choose the Spanish walk so I
want it were just lazy
she took the escalator elevator that's
almost right thank you finally made it
to where we want to be Disney springs
Wow oh my god so sick yes go in
bye like normal person or like an expert
you can go to a cupcake ATM yes
well are you making it sound like it's a
bad thing it's a cupcake ATM I've used
it before it's sick
I'm hungry I'd love to say yeah let's do
it but I wouldn't eat it yeah oh you're
ready for a magic trick group this is
where I would do what I did in Paris
weather where it's like oh no we're then
at the top of the high air balloon but
none of us can be bothered
Oh
that was so good I made sure I give him
money I gave him money that look amazing
look how happy
yes this really turned into a jamming
session we're all just say hey like
listening to to deploy requests straight
through my brain best ten dollar
donation to a busker and you guys are so
good for there's a prior for song
requested now they've got pretty to some
request but I put in a some record I put
Michael Jackson yeah where's no offense
but where's Jo Seok when I need him to
get thrown twist into Irish music dough
so all I need is a pint of Guinness come
on look out she's playing she
snapped a string
unlike in the shoe also I've just
noticed I've somehow done the deepest
scratch ever into my brand new iPhone
screen I don't have any keys in my
pocket I don't know how I've come out I
told you okay there's um amazing right
the lights on the land alright oh that's
where I belong 100% this is my jam it's
my room
Tony I don't feel so good wait who else
dies who else disappears every one half
and which one can this one be great I am
great I don't want to jinx it but you
see that red flashing light there that's
probably our bus home hmm
oops who's completely out of energy
who's exhausted your ass I don't know
why I'm on the Irish band it like kick
me when I hear good music good vibes it
just gets me going on my whole wind
ready to go fill me full of water or
coca-cola or alcohol and we shall rock
and roll all night goddamn wrong wait I
think this is our bus here now I even
walked really fast to get here not ask
this one's asking for we have decided
we're gonna go back that's it but
tonight we're gonna chill out relax not
stress ourselves out not get hungover
anything but tomorrow we're gonna go to
Epcot she literally just chum the line I
can't believe she just did that
unbelievable tomorrow we're gonna go to
Epcot I won we're at Epcot that is where
we are gonna high the night away that's
why oberyn's quick about half an hour
later we're back and it's that time in
the vlog where I'm gonna end it it's
officially midnight so I've gotta end
the day guys thank you very much for
watching if you enjoyed the video make
sure you leave a like rating as far as
I'm aware
Biron is now missing a finger cuz he's
been kidnapped and I don't know who's
still editing the vlog so whoever's
editing his world can you let us know
because the story continues yeah I don't
know how you managed to steal him but
then
you took off his finger and yeah when I
get home to the UK in Manchester
apparently it's gonna be a severed
finger there so really looking forward
to that being at my house but guys and
can you please have some Ripper oneís
and prayers for by Ronan because it is
missing our IP Barry I love you my homie
yeah yeah not enough to pay the ransom
that was supposed to pay what guys thank
you so much for watching
I've been loving this holiday so far and
I'm so glad you guys have been enjoying
it as well these blogs of mine like half
an hour it's like 50 minutes long like
yesterday's vlog was nearly an hour
which is just not spot I'm not to go now
I'm gonna go to bed like I said make
sure you leave a like rating if Byron
you're watching this from your captivity
and they didn't chop off your phone make
sure you click it as well yeah what one
thumb rating equals one Byron's finger
back there you go that works out but
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. so
if you're not subscribed to channel
click Subscribe if you've not got
YouTube account create one click
subscribe and turn on a notification
bell and I'll see you guys then so until
6 p.m. in which to live they said yes
