alright team votes forest suicides
I've never think about you'll want to
see a suicide forest in my life but I'm
down I'll put the AC on once that let me
just press the button Oh hands down one
of the companies night's sleep over the
HUD that just sounded like that
disconnected from the internet because
my blog oh yeah you do you vlogging that
will you log it which go and shout
you're in scrubs story everyone go
following waa and then L und I don't
know boom rate today
oh man it's actually a nice day one more
in a black shirt sponsored by Sentinel
gents today we're going on a hike slash
bike ride slash adventure and we'll be
fine
there's spider webs here there's snakes
there's dragons anything else me too
worried about bears dude we at bears
last night water got myself an Orangina
and I'm gonna get myself an Express cafe
latte dude we're getting so prepared
folks is that bug spray Oh
Tommy if we could rent one of those that
would be so sick
it's like $60 for three hours and we get
all cruise around on them bye boys oh
this shop is absolutely perfect it's all
secondhand use stuff that people just
rent for the mountain and take up there
so if you want to go up three thousand
seven hundred seventy six feet meters
altitude then you can how cool is that
your snow shoes and stuff if you need it
sleeping bags fires we could we could
literally go camping in the wilderness
with all this gear now you're gonna be
so stoked knowing that we've got rental
bikes and we decided to get electric it
was like it I think like an extra
thousand yen to get it so we've got
electric bikes five of them for the day
to get around in
the heck are they doing oh they're
turning right yes what are they doing
the dryer our speakers on there oh my
god dude
what are they saying they're just
politicking like yeah oh my God look at
the size of that spider are you even
serious right now
that's insane what what oh no he's stuck
you know I'm gonna help you grasshopper
Christ if I'm gonna help you oh well no
aggressively don't get stuck I'm gonna
save you you save your life they're
saved enjoy your life yes sorry I stole
your meal mate but you look like got a
lot there anyway Oh sounds pretty cool
they have like really nice houses and
sculptures and then this little guy he
was supposed to donate and rub the tip
and apparently it brings you a good look
you know where it counts in that right
well now I've got paid for touching the
tip this guy isn't cheap I'll give the
penis some cash unless you've got some
new date duties in Japanese ooh you
better know about fireworks yep and look
at the instructions don't aim at face
yeah I got a little plug of fireworks
absolutely focus on you you get a focus
on you know clear focus hello no focus
on that thing's oh well there's a
beautiful little caterpillar look at it
so right now we're actually just off
from the suicide price again this is
genuinely where people come and kill
themselves I don't know why it's a
tourist destination but it is it's over
here and we're on the middle of a road
where we're not commit suicide but we're
probably gonna get run over so that's a
tanuki you know and mario has the refuge
yeah from that no it's no and you see
those those are his nuts which he uses
to troll people in the forest he waves
them back and forth of people I love
this guy
I also look like you can buy mushrooms
here and get extremely high that may not
be accurate but it kind of looks like it
heavily allergic to wasps heavily a word
allergic oh my god that thing is
gigantic
don't try mess with me like that haha
he's just a prank death yo oh hell yeah
dude this is like one of their sparklers
this is well better than English look at
it
don't play with fireworks by the way but
that is incredible I know it's literally
nothing fancy bought and loved this
this is the path do they mention
anything around here about it being one
do people just come to the forest oh you
read online yeah I figured all this
would be about please don't do it
think about your life I can survive in
the forest boys nah dude it's a it's a
grub it's a tree group scratch the
inside because that's like proof that
they've been make chewing into the tree
so it's like sawdust of the tree I'll
treat us whatever we've made it to the
ice cave we're not actually in the
suicide forest yet that's further down
the road but for now no this is what
we're doing
getting our tickets on is that good you
blend right in honest to god not like a
sore thumb or anything I hope no message
of the fireworks I'm a bike because in
the flat underneath I work to my Oakland
sunglasses okay so this is what they
want to climb by the way we're staying I
think even over here or over here and
then they want to walk all the way from
here hope to top of this mountain but
the weather's so bad that one
to do it so we said rats mice caves in
this general direction and this forest
you may think were asking
I didn't say ask a bore nice cave I said
I imagine if there's a rockslide now we
got trapped yeah yes come on Micah you
can do it come on
why is he coming backwards okay okay oh
he's a gangster oh yeah watch thy head
oh look at the material it's volcanic
we're here staring at basically ice
cubes in them we didn't look behind us
oh my gosh it was like a quick walk down
quick backup gun was worth it though
definitely just to kill themselves I'm
sorry to laugh II did but this is like
don't enter the moment you cross the
line you fell okay
this is happening it's like really eerie
and we're not exactly speaking okay the
track is getting a little less like
walked and we've not seen anything too
spooky just yet
looking spooky no the fact that we're
using an aerosol can to do this
apparently ribbons supposed to take you
back to safety so if you're thinking of
killing yourself and change your mind
you can lead your way back but the
person did emerge to finish the trail
look at it's hanging down there right in
the white that is pretty not cool and
this is look it ends that's one of those
things it's like why are you walking in
a forest where people kill themselves
you're looking to find someone who's
dead but we don't want to see anyone
turning round point
don't break a leg please kappa pass
carrying your fat ass well if we found
check it out so what now a bad back I
think that collects water you drink is
your heart beating miners
I always take the high ground bro always
take the high ground 1000 these metal
sheet dude you know the metal sheets
keep himself warm bro I know I'm hungry
have you picked it up dude there's
something here
that is the handle of an umbrella wow
this is something sedative what you get
into translating
this is no joke my heart's titrations we
watch all of this I really thought you
about somebody bro I was quite shitting
myself I would just like it's not really
something you leave behind by accident
it's not something you leave behind you
left behind a tent
yeah yeah this is how do you feel
honestly how do you feel how do you
choose a human right now I really
thought this I thought that was gonna be
the one moment my life ascended up here
I really found this so from what I
reading it seems like it's the box shows
like you know see you right there kind
of like a sleepy yeah I think but the
description says in modern life people
are required to pay attention and be
nervous to so many things stresses in
modern life causes a variety of nervous
breakdowns what is a sedative pill for
the purposes to calm down over
excitement and nervous breakdowns so
maybe he was on like a dare from his
friends and he was like I could sleep
here overnight we should wear and he
took a bunch of like pills do I call him
down I don't know I'm just doing still
in the basket and lo and behold my oh
please Jenny always see definitely right
the fact that we found that at the end
was mad dude the ice cave was good yeah
I thought it was gonna be a stupid like
30 minute thing it took it took two
minutes I don't care it made me smile I
liked it all the way home without dying
otherwise it is a slog but I'm pretty
sure it's majorly downhill from here so
they thought about me I think they did
but by I live the Japanese it absolutely
great anyway
home time now and maybe some food on the
way back this is still a suicide farce
right I think so
oh shit you guys are going super fast
well let's go please let's start the
race yeah I'm using it to make me go
faster if you wonder why I'm talking
which oh oh oh yeah Moose Hills burger
this is this is as Japanese as it gets
bison and whoever's bike that is is
absolutely sick look at that engine
gatdam you know you guys did the normal
thing of ordering one dish each not me
burger I ordered the chili fries and I
have a ribeye steak on the way it's that
Japan's cheapest it's I'm taking all of
it and an Oreo shake damn right I feed
myself by also theater thousand not far
just go speech mate we feasted like
absolute king yahooza DS don't forget
your sunglasses we feasted like kings I
hurt some bears walking OH
keep her going boy keep her going we
feasted like absolute kings now we're
doing a smart thing of getting straight
back on our bike and exercising calm yep
road flare dude that's so perfect
home sweet home bikes are you not
impressed that they lasted all day
I don't you dr. Chad yours but the fact
that ours I really don't know all I can
say is these things were incredible
really really incredible after all day
of riding it we had no idea what the
symbol for a low battery was or anything
so yeah nice are you guys liking my
Instagram my photos dude like legit if
you guys have follow me on to a a pro
syndicate on an instagram at syndicate
put this wait wait wait
dude I'm killing it you are loved on it
thanks man we cracked the japanese-style
vodka we got yesterday kanpai that's
right come pie all right compiled boys
come by come by come by
oh yeah come by come by Eszter maybe
hopefully a successful fight wow it's
beautiful
oh shit
dude the fact that you can get these
rubbish up like ten dollars is insane
okay what about this one
oh dude I think these ones oh no this
one's working well incredible oh my god
whoa well holy shit
well oh my god that's fire work you've
ever seen a life you guys impressed my
favorite display what you mean yeah but
I carried these rounded a suicide forest
for you oh god I don't know about that
some firework safety this is actually
one of the sickest firework ever just
like that and then you fold them up you
bend them up and then it's supposed to
like get it's supposed to it's supposed
to give it that does not seem that safe
to me bro this I was like this is a
great there you go
yeah no no no we should support it with
some rocks yeah alright can you all get
20 feet away
no wall I'm glad to spend $10 enough oh
wow really
I honestly thought it was gonna I
thought I thought that was a shooter I
really thought that was a shooter one
you said that's what that could be
possibly the best photo of Travis
everything you took serious subscribe
bitch we live yeah before we watch Ricky
Martin on the brand-new razor blade for
in ingest like add hashtag sponsor is
the gunmetal razor blade laptop actually
none of this is I'm sponsored but this
has got a sponsor video but there's no
TV in this building but there is a fat
Sikh speaker system so we're gonna set
it up get some snacks come back and
watching the new recomme episodes this
is what you do after a day of hard go
ride I call this one of my bright red
and then we're gonna go snack up maybe
get a few more fireworks and see how the
night
like a monkey hi for some shit like that
just like we need good food for watching
Rick get murky pre-made hotdogs there
man I'm finally doing it I'm gonna buy a
ramen from here and just see if it's any
better than Tommy ramen if you don't
know what dummy ramen is Google dummy
ramen it's the best noodles in the world
no way it's kinda like super noodles but
on steroids
but I'm gonna I don't want to like a pot
noodle I don't want a cup of noodles so
I'm gonna go for one of these this is
like this is what dummy ramen is this
stuff down here I did this looks pretty
good cuz it's really good but I'm gonna
go for the DS and I think I'm gonna I
think I know I think we go for this one
wait what noodles are kept now whatever
no I tried to try looking at this what
work does it say now she don't tell me
we call them black hand
yeah that's just useless how clear is it
you get this bowl that many noodles
kettles boiling ingredients so you've
got once a shake no idea another Sasuke
I think that's like the dusky sauce but
then it goes with this this is supposed
to be white the meat that goes in it
it's paper it's paper thin nothing
Ricca ma is an amazing shop oh wait now
they're totally joking about
relationships and stuff this ramen by
the way is what do you call it Tom
this is blood Fuji black and it looked
disgusting it's actually incredible it's
good chewy
Matt chewy very peppery look quite nice
it was not what it looked like on the
packet in this last we looked like a
bunch of teenagers that just threw a pie
house
there's cans of beer laying everywhere
parts of ramen noodles also sausage fast
food just watch Ricky Martin on a laptop
yeah but when you actually look at what
you're drinking is shitty six percent
orange beer it's clearly a picture of an
orange day yeah but it was lemon oh
really
yeah you know they see you try it well
your bunch of thugs that's all I can say
on that note thuggery Tom the translator
which everyone refers to in the pod by
the way he's in bed for the night kion's
over there fight his ass off it was not
you fired because you went there all
right and and you went hoarse by the way
oh yeah what did I eat your heart up
there either way guys I'm gonna end
today's vlog so thank you very much for
watching if you are living these
Japanese blogs and you want to share it
with your friends click Share on Twitter
on Facebook that I know if you want to
see some random adventures because we
got like four days left
I'm just random stuff to do our puns up
so until then make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe ding dong a little
notification bell next to it and it
hopefully will keep you more
notifications of what I actually post
rather than you mister my vlogs all the
time because sometimes people are like
rabbi fuck is it it's 6 p.m. and that's
when you can expect tomorrow's vlog 6
p.m.
next daily vlog which look I'm hot I
also have to do an end piece of
promotion to let you guys know too
tene 9th of september we're dropping the
limited-edition viet line black and gold
if you've ever seen a collector's
edition before you know what it looks
like it's dropping on the 29th it'll be
available for pre-order for three days
and after that don't dust it and you'll
never ever be able to get it again so
mark your calendars the 29th I believe
it either 12 o'clock or 6:00 p.m. is a
big time difference there but mark your
calendars if you want to get one make
sure you're ready
