honestly can't believe it I'm awake and
ready to go downstairs for exactly
half-past nine
guarantee it right now Simon isn't even
a week it hasn't even set himself alarm
and we're gonna be waiting for like an
hour for him but I told them and we all
agreed we shook on it
we'd be meeting downstairs for half past
nine and I am sticking to that promise
and forth
I'm with day oh and by the way you may
recognize this t-shirt from yesterday
yes it is the syndicate venture top
syndicate regional comedies it now and
yes I'm wearing it for a second time and
the reason for that is I did bring the
like a little bit amount of t-shirts
with me I wore this for like one hour
yesterday whilst I was out in the Sun so
rather than being like the with the
dirty it's not so I'm wearing it today
before we go to the show so okay no
signs of Simon he isn't here I'm gonna
drop him a message tell him that I'm
here telling him his late but I'm gonna
go upstairs because I think there's a
coffee little shop there and maybe a
better breakfast so let's take the
stairs ooh cakes okay maybe I'm not the
home he told me it's free downstairs
rather than paying for it there so hmm
still no sign of Simon and I'm going to
assume this is the breakfast area right
here okay okay
pretty bangin selection of fruit we have
some cereal as peruse
and then I think this is mini pancake
machine and I'm all about that that's
actually a real honeycomb not the
dripping honey from that's amazing oh my
goodness me oh look at this okay this is
this is a bangin selection right here
made it down Sam so one out of four aid
to bad and please don't judge my
breakfast a muffin chocolate cereal
donut a latte
smoked chicken and smoked haddock
perfect combination right here yeah
breakfast of champions
we found his brother we guys remember
we're getting a hold of him if he
doesn't come over we'll go for a walk
around the museum in the hotel it's
really it's concrete advice man get out
of bed now
yeah Simon did not answer so we're gonna
culture ourselves
you have to pay to go in it but we're
going in okay I'm not allowed to take
any photos of videos inside so you don't
not get to see the museum but I do so
goodbye
that was the greatest museum I ever went
in in my life 100 out of 10 would highly
recommend please put your seat belts are
you disappointed Simon may is just
second cave to me with his oh you can
eat chicken card all right next up the
Grand Mosque hmm now that's a pretty big
mosque
yeah I feel that with Mario Cart in
there wait for it to reveal itself look
at that wow we could have walked there
to be honest this is pretty close whoa
that's a big old mosque it's almost like
Simon new information we didn't know so
we got that close to the mosque yep I
don't even know if you can see that then
wait by mosque goodbye now turns out you
can't visit until 2:30 p.m. so rat but
maybe sorry
don't tell Simon let's say it was the
most amazing wow yeah that was so good
that building there is the building that
Vin Diesel drove the car oh of the taxi
driver was just telling us us awesome
do you like the film yes
yeah that is mental that must have cost
a lot of money what is that that
buildings people get there the golden
one that's just the hotel
what dripping that money and this is
going to the king look at these tourists
Shh taking selfies can you believe it
second place you've tried to go we're
gonna go to the big palace there but as
soon as we put down the window to check
us out we're wearing shorts and and he
was like you can't go in without
trousers on so we're gonna go to the
mall buy trailers and then go back
that's the m-word palace which we can't
go into and then straight across the way
don't you look like you've got that much
history over there and then you've got
the fast and furious towers over here
sure well that might not be the real
names but that's what it is right now
and that right there is the archway to
where the the King's palaces which is
pretty nice this is absolutely gorgeous
man
I can't blew that Sears it's like next
level that dope yeah how much I want you
judged today to see that colour
you should go this side first yeah yeah
wow that's so cool
thank you sir you have a great day that
was worth the six quid taxi just for the
tour of getting it but wait that entire
journey we just had for about 35 minutes
was cheaper than a Red Bull everything
he's gonna get compared to the price of
red for this holiday but welcome to the
the marina mall like everywhere seems to
be closed right now because it's prayer
time so to be fair salmon did a good job
of like avoiding this right now but
nonetheless we're getting out and about
an exploring so let's see what this mall
has to offer
come on I'd be tempted I'd be very very
tempted oh he doesn't even want to be on
it he got on it an hour ago and he can't
get out he's like let's do the most
tourist thing you can do on a on a
holiday Ferris wheel dude if we're
paying more than like two pound each to
go on this thing I'll be pissed off look
how fast it's going
you'll be doing nothing in seconds we
are not living our best life right now
Starbucks coffee in Abu Dhabi about
going to Ferris wheels
oh ho ye my entire life has led to this
right now oh my god yes thank you
oh yo it's actually mega cool oh hey see
was it worth it yeah yeah did Simon miss
out yeah
oh my god God did this has been the best
day ever Oh everyone else could join us
ha ha ha
you missed out on a palace that we did
not get denied from and totally missed
out on the mosque it was sick you
actually think I would come back just to
stay in that hotel junk in that top on
do you like a restaurant or is that like
whether rich people say yeah the yeah
the penthouse oh that would be so cool
how much Jack and that would be 50
million similar crazy yeah 50 million a
night very cool way to get some time
today I can confirm that is indeed
happening but it's very very hot and I
am very very sweaty
so today we may actually be meet in the
two princes if Abu Dhabi are two princes
from Abu Dhabi no no if there's two or
more but they got referred to as is like
the will and Harry of a Abu Dhabi so we
do not want to be late to the event
today so then it's actually on but
fortunately we didn't go into any pals
aren't that but we did have a good a
little bit of an explore rather than
doing anything else and I'm gonna go
meet some more royalty okay we have now
got hello we've now got about 45 minutes
thank you until like departure from here
to get back to the event so 30 minute
now 15 minutes shower boom rockin and
rollin I'm not gonna lie
I'm tired I am tired but I'll fight
through it
I will fight through it boom rested and
ready to rock and roll I didn't have a
show I just chilled in bed and like kind
of like tried to sleep for like 20
minutes didn't work I just sat there on
YouTube but today's shirt choice is
gonna be the compass I think we call
this absolute true Knopf not compass but
you'll see why it's called compass
because it and yeah look at this look
you know fresh I'm not even sure if this
is on syndicate originals website just
yet so if you want to get it go and
check but I'm pretty sure this was a
show only t-shirt until we launched it
but looking Maddy fine well yeah I'll
tell you I'm just loving the style of
just like small little crest print here
and then design on the back
we did it with one shirt and it was the
first time I ever did it everyone's like
yeah let's rock it and I was like sure
not too sure about print on the back and
ever since we've done it I kinda never
want to go back to a shirt print on the
front and nothing on the back it just
doesn't feel weird it always feels good
to like carry something with pride on
your back and like it but we have to go
I did think I would actually be able to
get a little bit more sleep so I thought
we were leaving a hot bus but it turns
out the car is downstairs in four
minutes so I'm going there and I'd be on
time man is not risking not me in know
princess so we're rockin and a-rollin I
think we're organized I'm gonna take a
bottle of water need to stay hydrated
and we are all good in the hood so let's
roll
I know this guy I know you I know this
guy yeah set your life at nine o'clock
and then tempers name change your phone
you sausage if we had a good adventure
high five boom yeah you missed out
everything we went to a mosque you enter
na now mate na on your own little bit
just to spoil it we didn't actually go
into any of the palaces all mosques we
why - because we were wearing shots yeah
yeah pretty much
you know crap chat crap check well if
you've got what four you got no we're
not friends yet you're a bastard you
should go up this mall with you got on
okay these are just standard ass crap
school crepes yeah let's see these do
you like you've got like military rope
attached to them what shoes are they
it's it really you sure about up yeah
okay crept check day two of the event
let's go apparently today's gonna be
really busy so we'll see very nice to be
on this guy's like the biggest softie
player
like League of Legends mr. Fife
this guy's just alleged he's helped out
- but they've brought out a nice platter
of food we got and I want to say these
are like mini little kebabs or something
like that well not come up you know
skewers and there we go
fried skewers okay hey why are you doing
chicken was it chicken tenders I was
going to say potato skins but that looks
like like little bread not too sure
Arabic I bet that afternoon tea yep
afternoon tea Arabic style and then put
a little things I like it I'm gonna read
some of this yes this looks awesome
it's a BB range and this target is gonna
keep track of your score I don't know
how we do this or what do we do but
that's what we're doing
eight seconds I can get that out dry for
I want this in my I wouldn't I would
truly in my house so people like Oh
bowling I imagine having this in your
house though people put goggles on dead
safe bro accuracy that was someone's
head they'd be messed up oh here we go
in silence oh it's time in that good
living it livid okay I don't know how
long he's taking him but it seems like a
long last time he's missing a lot of
shots
yes so that's a personal problem
don't complain at me I didn't make up
the rules god I'll go on a lot salmon
salad I think you should switch to this
one do I didn't Tom did eight seconds
right yeah but okay yeah you know what
you're doing though I reckon you're
gonna beat me really yeah okay are you
easy got me beat oh my Johnny's a face
once I burn can I go one more time I
reckon I could be a seriously
you've been ten seconds eight seconds
you don't know my timer yeah three
seconds Byron we need a time section
from the moment I felt fired on the
first run this is when he timed yeah
stop watch boom down I don't miss
someone that put on the first go-round
showdown let's see if you can beat it
last time okay you got one more time one
last time him the final one Thank You
Linus
Thomas destroyed four five six seconds
of a whoppin see safety was on got his
ass okay oh my gosh they come running
alright so it's two o'clock now the
event is now opening and we are going
backstage pretty sure I've got some
onstage stuff to do and then
look you sure my schedule just yet but
find out as the day goes on all I know
is that I kicked his ass and I'm feeling
good I have to spend more days with this
guy and this is always doing five days
this is your brother like wow yeah clap
like a seal no food to him don't food it
like a seal unbelievable deckers you
know what if you're pretty solid
wait can you two go oh you you have
technically a clown not in a rude way Oh
sign man
hey stop throwing roundups it goes if
your ball falls oh yeah yes why did you
throw him up right you're just the worst
brother in the world
again one one one question why why not
boom roasted wait Lipan up the original
Laban drink LaVon but are you saying the
ban Haven oh my god Laban maybe
no no dubbing where the at least oh my
eyes yeah I can see you just about you
see I can see you're a casual gaming
event casual gaming event
best trip ever come on let's go come on
let's go does that seem pretty good
please into the microphone
just off the main stage playing
spider-man for nine spot about I would
and a plate for tonight you can imagine
how that when I absolutely still
nonetheless chilling out now for about
45 minutes so the next being very ill
never side
yep they're doing awesome hey it's so
fast oh my god
with all the oh I think oh man look at
this kid it's just flossing on stage but
you really want me to sign your shoe is
that Simon is he already signed a oh
dear no way I did not expect all the
words of it
you were
hallelujah
you just blow my mind I just found out
that this guy and this lady over here is
indeed the voice of this homie from The
Witcher and merci
whoa they're cool I'm at like a metric
ton of sushi yesterday and right now
eating even more sushi
oh yes again it's what you get for doing
that to me I'm gonna Byron I need you to
pull up minimum as latest Instagram and
put it here and show the world what it
did to me yeah I'm not booking it now
but bellary's name so people can follow
him no no no no no he thinks I'm a fun
suppose to replay on the rice bottom of
my pirate shed it what was your excuse
for not getting up this morning whilst
we went on an adventure even your
brother it's not realistic excuse and
it's a bitch of an excuse no no you were
texting as you were awake you were like
no I can't be bothered going don't watch
Oh naughty naughty wash your hair
there's like way more than enough D's in
this room to stuff
we just played rock paper scissors and
the loser forfeit
you bet walk onstage and said follow me
to fully doubt like whoa come on out you
lost the ball pit you fall fate this
morning guys all fitting it now trip it
up
you tripping falling
now if you have to be visible Africa in
we're giving you beastie by everyone
okay
you could definitely hit the other side
of the hall all the way down there yeah
a hundred percent you could do that no
bro I don't you don't do it you all over
why does that one guide something to be
done right that's his job he's made he's
actually the mother guy Marv continued
all right here it is this is big just
for the record it's allowed to roll
absolutely that you're wrong - Dima
there we go it's going that's actually
not bad
wait wait you can even see it where is
it yeah it's rolling it's rolling yeah
okay it's there oh no it didn't it's not
it's come back on itself I'm not even
joking why is there a shoe okay that
he's fallen stage yes it's okay it's
okay
what are you doing but it didn't say how
sexy they can wear you know
now someone else is gonna touch that
I got that
just played Mario Kart I got my ass
kicked
wait what's going on is this a cosplay
competition robot
okay then sure why not introducing cyber
elevator
yeah I just about like hey that is
terrifying
that is absolutely terrifying
you love to say it was only me who saw
you cheat but Simon's side as well this
was your idea right this was your idea
we had nothing to do with this your
shoes about them you're looking just
thing compared to them even though I
complimented them this morning when you
didn't gallivant the idiot it changed Oh
skills one side man from the side man
here would it be you have to kick them
out and you're replacing them with me
who unit kick you're gonna kick a hurry
I love it
no it's too late you've already kicked
him Wow Savage is fast timely if she
could be in the box
who's your favorite side
I'll be honest
sorry third oh okay who's your favorite
side man hey well Robo shots been
replaced and I'm going in stuff see her
if we're not fucked
we're jack we're done we're just passing
we just played full night on stage and
Mike we were absolute potatoes and we
got to the final top five so really
really good I bought a white magnum but
it came with notes on it
nah we had sushi for dinner last night
I had sushi for lunch today Simon what's
for lunch
what's for dinner yeah yeah but sushis
different pizzas the same still bread
and this and whatever I got this entire
part to myself I will share I promise
wok this sushi Oh what did you get
Oh
no really having the same clothes at
this party going to show hi mate this
place is absolutely faggot
we're just gonna stick to be outside in
the dice relaxing you exit to the
veranda where you just go you know what
this is nice this is beautiful and I
love it
this is like the world's craziest Billa
it just keeps going and going and going
I don't even know how much that is one
vodka redbull please
it's closing time
I'm sorry but you can never go wrong
with Pringles hot and spicy no matter
what country ring they're amazing
you can also like buy bags of tea here
fruit and five of my dad's favorite
cereal
the legendary but what these are these
are like the coffee pods that everyone
uses but they're t-pod's instead I guess
that kind of makes sense but I've never
really been that into my tea what are
you looking at why are you judging me
how about no wait what
we've just went past Simon no we've
moved well let's try that again
wait so how's our WB it's our last date
tomorrow we'll be feeling good time look
at the mermaid time great time sick time
bars this way I feel like oh it made it
for that nice Simon Simon I'm scared the
fighting he said he said call the police
the fat lady fell on it and I was like
that is just nasty damn he actually said
the savage bastard wait what happened
run oh damn Oh worldstar worldstar oh
she's mad yeah yeah whatever used to win
open I could tell you relate to Simon
Simon goodnight oh yeah you got rekt
your brother does not love you happy
birthday
- yeah happy 35 today that's crazy
sinabi love you
but I got a raise no past days I thought
see leather I literally got 2% battery
left right now and I'm trying to work
out where my laptop is but can't find it
so I don't know where the cleaners have
put it anyway um I'm gonna go to bed now
guys cuz it's currently yeah no joke
like no four o'clock in morning luckily
I don't have to be able to light one off
2 p.m. or something light so that's all
good in the hood book thank you so much
for tuning in to vlogs I'm so glad you
guys are enjoying it hanging out we like
Sam and his brother and all the people
like the guys who organized this event
it's just been amazing meeting all the
funds in Abu Dhabi has been insane
and I can't wait for the third and final
day and after the third and final day
after that we're gonna be going to Dubai
we're gonna be doing some skydiving some
junebug Ian and maybe some extra cool
shit which I can't tell you about it
just yet because we're trying to
organize it so we don't know if it's
gonna get ready for it in time but if we
can it's gonna be amazing so nonetheless
thank you for tuning in thank you for
watching my pity it videos like really
like I've got a worldwide audience and
it's just the most insane thing ever and
hopefully I get to meet every single one
of you and say thank you for watching my
videos so until then when she loves your
faces see you guys later
and so the Hoss
