this cat can talk rope oh my god
we need to teach Luna to do this
immediately hold on new day I'm entering
into the light switch and and magic look
at that
well the new dawn it's ah the neighbors
they're back working on the house just
all this should take care of my hair
before I go any further on this day book
you know what I'm just a professional
potato who's gonna go on a test drive of
the new car old car but I'm test driving
it anyway because why not
well kuzia and they be on the sofa Eddy
behind it well there's my words oh
they're not there they're not yeah it's
some reason like to sit there now yeah
oh you look suspicious how suspicious
does he look what you done what have you
doing well there's one cat where's the
other little cats hello kitty cats hello
hello oh I'm gonna be inside a what we
have lost a cat even walk straight
faster nope yeah on a chair right there
there's one and there's your bloody
doing well you're bloody doing you you
doing were you doing were you doing oh
go for it go on yeah oh yeah go on
boom but um oh oh it's like a Disney
display I love it you're feeling fresh
I'm starving not at breakfast wait Lydia
some cereal coz she's not well in bed
but you know what I am ready to go and
do what I need to do and that's gonna
consist of hopefully not crashing a car
I'm actually not sure if that's Molly at
the desk or not so we'll find out
otherwise I'm filming the wrong person
and today I'm gonna be test driving take
a guess take a guess take a guess this
bad boy
can't wait really down the road from
where I live so that's why I'm coming
check it out and give it a test drive
what I like about it it's an Audi r8 and
it's a v10 in this beautiful white um
cabin but what I don't like is it's got
a key ignition not stopping star and it
has a handbrake not an electric
handbrake because I've never drove a car
with that I've always had my Audi TT
which is an electric can break so let's
there we go she's that breeze look at
her you've got you know you've got a
pretty good job Xena's there like you
sell cars which is dope enough you get
to drive this oh my god Hayek's
beautiful like the exact Clara like azam
this thing is just stupid looking it's
so truly beautiful
jumped on the motorway any clicks
boatload
and it fucking Jets it shifts very quick
very very quick like I was saying like
oh yeah this could be like my everyday
driver it's the fucking super car
absolutely super cab
I found a new toy about a new toy good
afternoon hello what do you think no no
ohh
marks I cut myself okay sir well we got
here safely you like it and the
syndicate logo on the side business
expense Candida occupy suitcase there
that if that's my lunch
for today go and put it in the boot
don't leave it there and there you go
thanks for the sandwich mum done hey you
can have your car back what you're not
having this bloody open it you know if
my goddamn ham and cheese sandwich
no thank you absolutely beast of a drive
the craziest thing about it was is I was
in the array nobody knew I was out
driving that today and as I was driving
past like Nando's a bunch of lads drove
past me then there I decided me like
statue like super cool it's not going
mate what do you think and one of them
was like get the Jag you were like no I
like the jacket I need some it in the
meantime so I don't know I like how my
sister kind of spoiling the surprise of
me test driving it I would like to put
GoPro in there and everything like that
but let's just say I was concentrating
on a concentrate on doing the speed
limit so I didn't want to film it anyway
yeah at least we can snapchat and
Instagram to be going up to the
syndicate regional office and because
she because she did that and some people
like no I haven't got it I'm just
looking at someone to play around in for
a year and before I decide to change
from this I know everyone's like we do
you drag you suppose we get a joke
where's the jug like I'm supposed to be
working for Jay you were like the back
end of this year but it's just like I've
been holding off for such a long period
of time waiting for waiting for jugular
that it's like this is a way that I
really want here so I don't know how
much longer I'm gonna be waiting I'm not
trying to sound ungrateful and
everything bought there's like a year
ago that we drove the the f-type as we
after the first time so it's just
fingers crossed boys fingers crossed
oh because it's cleaning
Reza's kitchen oh you got Oh Mike I
think you're a little kitchen
Oh did you pick the tiles did you bring
the top what is happening I think first
I don't expect on either this is quite
nice is a bad friend always taught the
floor oh this is nice
that is really nice that's really not
well done you took good jumper well good
job well done
this is what he's like to dress the baby
a baby's flop over as well we don't sit
along Wow new syndicate original
stealthily available at syndicate
original if there's any left
look at that fresh left fresh level so
if you know my size I'm small so you're
medium see it was small self again white
filming I'm not taking a picture pose
pose drop so cool
work it don't beat her up yeah oh
fucking page if I have a beautiful time
I knew this was not gonna work come on
go together
oh my god yeah your mom was like oh you
taught the hospital a friend fell over
one two died the next day
oh well that's fucking depressing well
yeah I did say I thought it might come
out in court damn it into oh come on ah
ah I just got to bull him and whoever
chuckles is you said watch life of Tom
you're a legend I had no idea I was just
coming to check you the high school
today was alright it's dead by the way
schools everyone's back in school and
it's dead the sound being car like it
become where it's just not I don't want
to see people it's just we can just
proper kick that and just ball and
bowling ball and it's awesome house
looking like he's been beat up over that
team name for today is the niner-niner
69er I like you missed the S 2 9 or 9 or
16 einar's do that again I'll give you a
middle black eye
alright watch yourself 102 vs 139 you
got two strikes well done brother he
fails a turkey you failed the turkey
nine or nine or strike strikes spare
spare GAD get to him oh hey calm down
bro just calm down calm down
ow hey we did say the next game was
gonna be a movie game so if you if you
know watch this ball before the first
persons get strike gets a fiver and
whoever wins the game gets a tenner as
well so I owe you
pythons Oh cut oh my god what's he doing
oh my god what's he doing what's he
doing he's totally gonna get kicked out
how are you doing my ball got stuck at
the end I hope he falls in the machine I
hope he falls in the machine he's gonna
do it oh oh don't walk no late don't
walk in the lane get in the middle he's
successful mission was successful as if
they didn't know is you because they
turned off our lane
you got our count it was not a
successful Bish's definitely the heads
my head is not in the game whatsoever
the name I'm on 44 and cows on like a
tree summer he's already doubling my
score and we're only halfway through the
game every single day because what I
just bawled was unacceptable watch him
go watching sorry
strikes fair strike and then this late
in the game you bowl of zero is zero
well it's not as bad as mine I bawled 82
know better than me
I actually bawled 82 that is alright
have you actually seen what's on the
board have you not seen this girl now I
know have you seen that no read it yes
we put my youtube on there I'm sorry I
let you down no no I don't care about
making your way I'm sorry about what I'm
truce over is the fact that I'd bald
like an idiot I will practice even if
you're busy I will come here and
practice on my own just so next time I
don't let the tea I don't like the sixty
the sixty Niners down 69 nah that was
above my waist fuck you trying to drive
up my road and what you doing dude fuck
off fuck off Tom McCallum with you're
very nice of the cab Adam I've gotta go
love you Kirti cats are you home I say
kitty cats are you home just a walk
kitty cat one and Katie cat two who you
are home and you're looking so cute yeah
miserable weather dad you think it's
gonna hold we're doing Gerry's climb
probably in my lifetime I come in what
it's like for a I'm riding electric I
can hit anything
oh that's a win I'm not trying to say
you're far oh well that's taking it one
step beyond are you gonna take that dad
I'm not saying you fat but there's a lot
of spare room in this coat yours there's
a lot of spare room yeah about to do
look like a dentist it's rocking these
bad boys is gonna be a lot of wet mud on
the floor flipping us up in our face
he's a fine I rather see clearer than
I've lenses on I would say we filming
GoPro 49 guys but we're just not doing
mean that having a nice ride relaxing
and if he crushes I'll make sure I film
it the aftermath anyway and then tip pub
then then screaming not a bad view a Ken
would you look at it just look at it
this place is gone it's supposed to be a
massive storm apparently tonight like
eight o'clock so we need to be done by
this ride by 7:15 I know the Pope with a
beer in our hands
corn then meet you the bomb go and
berski berski and oh wow five feet you
did not beat me back no you didn't know
you punch in my tire again you sabotage
me you suffer you up there hey high five
good job brother brother no joke my dad
always beats me home I miss struggling
on a pedal bike wondering that Tony's is
so he won't get off a Marilyn well god
damn done these beans these guys are so
physically fit and I roll open a pedal
bike with an electric motor
no do you run a race we owe you a bit
but you're always a bear from last week
as well cuz you are
they've got you by the testicles and you
know else they've not got us by we
didn't get invited to neighborhood watch
how does that make you feel
Alex okay I'm just filming a random
person sorry about that
whenever you and me Aaron alarm off we
go running whenever we see something
dodgy we go running you've been invited
to neighborhood watch not me
have you been invited I am enabled watch
was what they don't fucking know is
we're the secret Batman and Robin but
I'll be Batman you can be Robin in tight
tight pants and you can be you can you
be what superhero you could be the flash
I'll be Ken super Ken pisshead Kim
alright I'm gonna stick with our first
of all you don't even ride with us and
then you turn it with this on where do
you that from now where'd you get from
you give up oh yeah if you guys want to
get rid of these jumpers syndicate rigid
come this is my model Tom got any good
look at me sexy oh yeah you already knew
what yous doing how big joint your phone
for my mate its massive know that Vaughn
Vaughn it's unbelievable about laser eye
surgery million it's already way enough
I know oh yeah oh yeah I wondered why I
had a flat tire is because you think
you're gonna fix the puncher yes
food for three I'm gonna come with you
but you know what you're gonna do first
they're gonna fix much higher than what
you were supposed to do the first place
PS I totally was supposed to replace it
but my dad said he was gonna do it but
he didn't he just pumped air into it
instead so it was eventually gonna go
flat this is a jug snow bust it oh yeah
back home good this close this door hey
guys just gonna go stream in he
I actually might pay my dad rent because
my dad has faster internet here
he has 20 20 load I have for you know
but yes faster and here to upload of
what not your blog just livestream Oh
dad how are you doing in here oh that's
weird
I actually sorry a hence they haven't
seen another cat since my own cats oh
man you're like a big fat cat here you
litt I'm no not trying to be rude but
you're like a fat cat I broke that belly
oh sorry
I'm gonna try to not love you like I
love you and everything I've known you
ten years Jesus Christ you you really
hated gym fat ass either way honest to
god on my road where I live we can't get
faster than that because it's like the
best we can get is like for upload
where's where my dad is
he's got five bits of the house so he's
got 20 uploads so if I were to stream in
like 4k I could because I lose from his
ear so since I my dad now lives in the
loft
I could technically move in or not
moving just use this as an office and
stream from my old room imagine if I did
that
what throwback weird backwards pedal
that would be but I just don't want to
spend 18 grand on internet just to be
able to get faster than at my house
that's enough my dad's a homie just had
a shower Oh geesh our home this used to
be life come outside and my car my
clothes are dirty my dad's got me a
onesie ready to wear I love him oh yeah
this is truly like being back home the
office is here I've just showered like
I'm like what's that I'm gonna go to bed
guys good night
I'm just gonna go sleep in my old room
what the fuck happened here okay there's
a bed but I'm not sure I don't know
whose that is
I don't know whose that is that's not my
speaker system ladies anyway
is my old stuff still even in him oh it
is yo age group gala top by aged eight
that's why my really good swimming just
for that what is this
well syndicate fan out from rude Erick
what a legend that's old G my old
speaker systems off anything when I hung
out with my friend Elliott reading we
painted cars that's oh gee
again speaker system Dolby nailed it I'm
thinking for a Saints Row sticker on it
well it's we got any oh my god that's
the hard drive out of I wanna see my
laptop that has got about 40 to 100
nukes
from Modern Warfare 2 on it as well as
all my og games the hell is this
OOP what is that okay that's not mine
that's definitely my sister's butt Oh
doesn't old raise a headset case damn
there's just so much there's literally
so many secret things in here that if I
went through this one day it would truly
make a really good video
what's even in here I don't know was
that I think I'm pretty sure that's an
ugly Christmas sweater and as always
shout out to blackout blinds homies
since day one the moment I knew they
existed
these eggs are from your guys chickens
they look weird or they look normal
that's a normal looking egg these
deviled eggs is that we follow it
free-range chicken eggs I'll take it
this is what I should be eating every
night instead you know we cook myself
chicken strips I love you girl I love
you a lot
can I move back home you've got faster
internet the cats clearly get fed and
the humans get fed this is like this is
and I get a great cup of tea thanks Gail
so to have to stop payment again just
the fact that I have no shoes on day M
if you ordered one of the syndicate
regional stealth hoodies that I was
talking about in yesterday's vlog going
live for the last ever time today yeah
we sold out in like an hour
mmm yeah everyone's like how limited are
they I was like they're a limited
edition is in the sense of limited
it's a limited run so to every single
person who demanded we did a Seneca
original self on it because it was such
a sick design it took it takes if you
make a say a hoodie that was sindhikka
print on it that takes like maybe three
weeks four weeks turnaround to get those
hoodies custom a because he was so
custom it took like four to five months
to get made you might be like well
that's you need to find a better person
but we were so happy with the way we got
them done in the past and everyone else
will love them that we brought them back
we did it and to every single person who
supported syndicate original you guys
are legends and you got your hands on
the last ever run of the hoodies so much
love to your faces Alice just text me
was like goddamn they got it ready and
I'm like goddamn never again so if you
copped one holler at you bye take a
photo when you get it and tweet me at
pro syndicate syndicate original on
Twitter and we can be like Bank retweet
did you manage to get yourself a hoodie
or are you actually currently did me
just book okay just wanted to check if
you a sat on a syndicate original hoodie
what is it what is it what is it I'm
pretty sure this is syndicate original
it's is this the OG is this the OG why
is it cap you're really better promotion
there's Woody's inside out I swear to
god I am being followed I'm trying to
just let walking on my kitchen safely
and I think I'm being pulled by a cat
I'm I'm being chased by a cat oh my god
he's on me this cat's been following me
if I soldier cats you're so small why
you following me for them to the bad
neighborhood is now two of them he's now
two of them following me I'm going just
one one drop to opted not to and the
camera
I love cats and your reward is you get
to attack the shrink don't ya the life
of Tom if you don't see a little bit of
dead skin jokes Steven I do buddy you
okay let go Steven little Steven he's
tired he was a Lee's cave but I brought
him out he came to say hello to the dead
look at that quote that's four
subscribers in a row greatly two four
seven unicorns uh inter touchy thank you
very much and uh I don't think axing
thank you very much what a quad so bust
dope I'm just trying to get better at
this game as much as I can but I'm still
a potato but we need to take a second to
shout out to Mikkel I thank you very
much for subscribe it's about to its
shell for four months in a row bro you
didn't have to do that but thank you but
wife made not from a tin made rice
pudding they don't want rice pudding is
I don't know how to describe to you its
rise with like custard I think but oh my
god she made rice put him and man that
is hella good 11:54 in the morning in at
night sorry it's not a.m. its p.m. just
to confirm that right there that's the
time finished a three hour livestream it
took me three hours to win one game a
player in noble grounds tonight but you
know what I did it so success that being
said uh Lydia's in bed and has been in
bed for like the past two hours
so I'm gonna go to bed now spend some
time with her she's probably asleep so
yeah gonna bounce I was gonna say kitty
cat so you're gonna say goodnight book
how are you - balancing on one chair
like there's through there's just three
chairs what are you just wanting to get
on this one that just looks
uncomfortable
either way guys I am streaming a lot
more on twitch.tv force less indicate it
does affect like my days cuz you seem
like when I'm back here and there's not
a lot going on it's because I'm
streaming I spend every minute of my day
I can just stream and play and pet that
game
I don't know why I'm just so driven to
want to get good at a videogame and
everyone's like oh I want to see your
video game content and it's like even
though I'm not posting this video I'm
doing it live so if you haven't missed
my gaming stuff that I do and just
ramble bollocks while playing video
games well that's the place to be to
watch that happens so for people being
like Tom when's your next adventure I
may be going down to London this weekend
I'm not too sure if that's confirmed yet
but I will actually be going to Japan
mm-hmm it's gonna be happening so get
ready for some of the crazies vogs
you've ever seen and it's a long-ass
distance trouble that I couldn't even
tell you how long it takes to get there
but it's a long-ass distance I'm gonna
be going with some people who I'm not
gonna tell you yeah and it's gonna be
incredible so hope you guys looking
about today if you're looking forward to
Japan Japan vlogs trying crazy food
doing crazy things and shit like that
- make sure you leave a like rating I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the
next day you live blogging until then
much love this house
