no longer will there be any waking up a
be like oh no have to edit the vlog all
I have to do now in the mornings is send
the files to Byron and it magically
makes the video I've always said this I
love South Africans and need more South
Africans in my life so Byron being back
like so damn puppet that makes me happy
when I used to work with Byron in the
past uploading these video files used to
take me like two to three hours just to
send in the vlog clips check this out to
send him the files for yesterday's vlog
a minute I like got to give each team
work we parted together you we don't
need you
I've got no pants America I thought
you're gonna say well that's an old
school sure that's like one of the first
we have it that is the first we ever did
I feel like I'm in the house I like how
we're all having this conversation and
then I'm just by love this yeah as if
you've actually got the sports package
one you've got you bought them 20 quid
off a B&B bin still come on what yeah
definite like the sport series no it's
dark no shit I bet shit with this job
you did not have them cause on the foot
of your cat last time I saw you may I've
seen too many YouTube videos of people
holding fake ons on no is it swear on
your life ah you see I still have taken
aback I can't wait to leave this gray
weather behind to go to America for even
gray a wetter thunderstorm weather No
I met for lunch I am assuming it's going
to be very busy no not really do I even
go for a jockey potato or do I go for a
toasty
I'm feeling jacket potato but there's
only one kind of good jacket tail and
that's prawns and sauce I'm a weird cuz
I go for a checkup tail with mayonnaise
with Porter and then with prawns there's
a strange combination breakfast of
champions
nice haircut Karen wow you look great
Wow can't wait you're not going great
your age
Hey Joe can I know you are wait you
actually gray look you look good in a
long-sleeve shirt
this one cabbage it's just so good that
innit like come on good in it oh I
really should Charlotte I absolutely
love you thank you so much for that
lovely letter that was amazing
also Charlotte this has nothing to do
with you like a book and I'm pretty sure
that cheese toasties just gone straight
through me and yes I know you've been
asking me when am I gonna box it I'm
gonna get to it right now but like I
said that food comes right through me so
I'll be right back wow look it's so tidy
this office mom so tidy not a death trap
or anything
don't go in there for like a week Karen
because I've just heard that this is
kind of weird but have you got an
intolerance to oil you know when you eat
a meal a summer it's got like loads of
oil in it I think I have since I was
young right if I ever Olli dish you know
you can see like on the top of the food
if I can see it there's a reason yeah it
goes I've just yeah just it just went
straight through me information you
probably didn't need to know about
interest lane you know thanks for the
great jeans mum you're great nice one
I'm like five foot seven I can't eat oil
without pooping
ah yeah it means smaller that way okay
watch this hey guys
amazon prime subscriber twitter today
basically inside the care package
problem legendary family is oh wait
first of all this is gonna help me
tonight with a live stream one lucozade
to Lucas AIDS one look is it - Lucas
AIDS we got a pop figure oh thank you
for the pop figure but I've got this one
so we're going to answer that one off
for charity a dip dab sour pack a dipped
up dub-dub-dub dip dip dab South paw and
then some unicorn edition smile is
family you are absolutely legendary and
I love you to pieces I cannot wait to
see you again
you didn't even know or anything in here
so and I know they came to see me but
usually people put a note in with it as
well but thank you so much for that I
appreciate it whoever wraps it bloody
hell you should do that for a living
like you should you should you should
wrap things up for the royal forces
because I could not get in that I was
like an industry object himself thank
you for that your legends do I say
anything to Byron yes a little Byron is
gonna see this he's gonna edit it what
do you use call it viral we live this
out of Europe rune friend yeah
love you bye good to have you back a
I've done it I've listened hours can
leave issue ons I don't know how she's
gonna feel alcoholism boy I've signed
the posters for you there you go on the
way I'm going come on
do you know how much you're going to
Florida during a hurry Casey if they're
open because it's hurricanes they closed
it down it's lining anyway
love you love you and leave you you
getting ready to play some black today
shut your mouth I'm starting at 7:00 I
know you I love you let me let me let me
Olivia DC look how good was the vlog oh
difierent do a good job edit in it then
they do a good job I already did a good
job
Oh to attend AG some pipes will show you
some pipes all wait so I am doing this
stream tonight we may be able to do
tonight maybe but the chances are maybe
not I've gotta play with Brian got you
have clever Terrorizer tonight no my
sponsored stream with a betrayer a
cactus yeah I don't know but I got put
in an email with Brian it was like you
two will be playing together tomorrow I
was like hey I don't even know if he's
good at Cod okay I assume he is he's
good at multiplayer like multiplayer
games but I don't really good at cards
so we'll see how that goes but if he you
and me continue we don't need no
building we don't need no faults we
don't need none of that we have one nose
to nose so I'm not gonna see you now and
talk about Florida just cuz you're gonna
miss me that much
you could have to stop for a minute
cause ladies gentlemen here it is the
blackout private beta confirm the
download let's get it ready for 7:00
p.m. for the live stream is it gonna
work the code already been used as the
cup nope doesn't don't think so don't
think so perfect
yes okay download how long's this gonna
take
did he actually give you an amount of
time anymore well that's it ready in two
hours
ready in one hour mm I don't think
that's right bought I am Wireless on
this instead of being wired so you know
what even if it takes an hour it's fine
m60 two minutes for a 32 gig burger
burger burger for a 32 gigabyte file Wow
oh wait I've got a system we'll play as
well playstation yes no goddamn way just
got a phone call often unknown number
and usually when I get unknown numbers
I'm like that definitely answering now
but I was like suck it had my phone oh
man I answered it as I hello can I help
you
turns bully out Oh what that's my food
from like last week how was that how was
that not infant in the bin turns out it
was the police officer he was in charge
of the case of the not a flame thrower
like no joke and he just rang me up to
tell me like we made it we made like a
good laugh out of it that is calling up
the heat and that is gonna get off my
back and the local department is I get
off my back
with this whole flamethrower situation
they're completely walking away from it
they don't have any issues anymore and
that's that so we're all good and he was
like you know if we're doing any sort of
local locals if you can swing on by like
shit you like show your face you know
good reason I'm more than happy to you
know like everytime in my local area or
my local police is Twitter when it's
like a missing person thing I always
bang out on Twitter retweet it Shyu
people to try and like obviously help
out and I said too much I would love to
help out with anything like fundraisers
or anything in the local area you know
that sort of stuff which is you know you
could set bit of a deal like they're
colored off the heat with a flamethrower
I'm more than happy 12-part some fund
raiser you know someone like that bought
finally heard back from the police
they're leaving it
they're dropping everything walking away
from the situation and we're all Gucci
so what an outcome dudes you can go now
you could go oh go on
tell you what let's do the system let's
say the system core crack kit release
curfew wheels you make it through good
bye now bye now okay bye now I can hear
him singing speaking of wheels I've got
my wheels tomorrow
no not tomorrow Thursday getting done
because I scratched them the other day
Oh what the hell the hell bloody eyelid
went over my other eye
two days ago a bit more look scrape
scrape scrape scrape scrape that is the
biggest damage I've ever done I went
round a corner and scraped a curb I
thought I was right Billy whizz and just
went school and scraped everything so I
borrowed a pepperoni what a perfect
setup playing this game blackout is
amazing not only that streaming it live
got Brian in the chat chillin and I got
some salt and pepper chicken oh my god
ecology blackout stream survivor
punching me stream it an odd switch
salt pepper chicken epic scenario is
here I'm just pausing my stream right
now simply because someone just said in
my chart on Twitch Tommy you know
there's a huge hurricane hitting and I
know and I've been joking like oh it's
tropical rain season and stuff like this
not hurricane season well I've just read
this article hurricane Florence has the
potential to be the most destructive
hurricane we've had in modern day
history for this region well shit I
guarantee my flight targets canceled
yeah you know why couldn't yesterday's
vlog alright soon flight 12 hours well
it's six o'clock good morning
look at this like three cups of tea a
monster water like salt and pepper
chicken just an absolute mess
I've streamed all damn night it's been a
successful night let me say that right
now I've got an absolute blast right now
I'm trying to get my clips uploaded to
send to Byron so that Byron can get the
vlog doing when I'm going over to
Florida video uploaded on the main
gaming channel on syndicate royale I
managed to get two videos uploaded here
but not only just that I've got three
videos ready for the channel there as
well which is just absolutely epic but
as you guys know I am going to Florida
and I'm supposed to be setting off to
Florida in about say 30 minutes like not
even joking so I need to get these vlog
clips uploaded to Byron so he can edit
them I need to make sure I've got all my
bags packed
make sure got my passport make sure got
my wallet got everything basically I'm
not packed in a slice and I'm leaving in
30 minutes not joking and then I've got
to get to the airport so I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog here absolute
mud stream to anyone who tuned into that
thank you so much I know like this
audience is like a lot is like focused
on my traveling an adventure and less
gaming that's why you know I tried to
keep it to very separate but I know
there's a lot of people who also came
over from the gaming to follow my life
of vlogging as too far so thank you to
all audiences you just spend any other
time to watch my day of doing whatever
it is but what a hell of a day right
like the bay it came out successful like
12 hours stream played with Brian
Terrorizer all night which was super
goddamn fun like I had an absolute blast
it was honestly so fun playing with him
and will definitely play with each other
in the future and I got loads of video
made so it's time to get my shit
together get my ass to Florida survive
this tropical rainstorm like her like
not even tropical rain storm hurricane
which is now there's actually three
hurricanes it was supposed to be warm
but it's now developed into three
hurricanes so yeah if this was my last
vlog of you know all-time or whatever I
had an epic last day I met a like hung
out with my family and stuff like that
like saw a cow saw the family the only
post I didn't see was Alice so hey this
is my last day on earth it was a good'n
but let's stick to positive thought yeah
so I'm gonna leave you now make sure you
leave a like rate subscribe if you guys
are really excited for a
run new adventure which is a week in
Florida we'll see what we're gonna get
up to it should hopefully not be too bad
weather all day every day and we'll just
see how it all pans out but I'm gonna be
doing a week at Disney World and I'm
super excited because honestly it's like
the most magical place on earth and you
know people say that like as much more
is enough I went last time and it was
just magical seeing so many people happy
and there being so much to do is just
incredible and I cannot wait to go back
so I'm dead excited so I will see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
of the vlog I say ish because of time
differences to follow and hopefully
everything works out with Byron and
we'll just there we go so I'm gonna love
you leave your Bharath likes read it in
I love you I'll see you guys tomorrow
sorry all
