ladies and gentlemen before we get into
the drunk recovery of after Joe's
birthday I'm telling you right now and
I've told you before we are doing the
college Yui blackout livestream today
the 10th of September at 7:00 p.m. on my
twitch twitch TV for such syndicate it
is gonna be absolutely beautiful I've
been waiting for this paper for so damn
long and this is gonna be like my wife
for the next few months so if you guys
want to tune in twitch.tv force us in
the curb I believe I can start stream
from 7:00 p.m. and I intend on streaming
from 7 p.m. to like 7 a.m. and the
reason for that is because I will then
be leaving at 7 a.m. to go to the
airport to go to Florida like no joke I
just happened to be going on holiday
when the beta is dropping like there was
a clash of days I completely forgotten
you know what it is what it is and see
there's so everyone knows Byron's back
can we all got a nice set of comments
down below tell him Baron how much we
love him cause Byron I love you it's a
new dawn it's a Joe I'm not even joking
is this your side I get up before I'm
gonna buy a job not even messing with
you this bed toilet seat your toilet
seat shaved a mastery badge even joking
this bed could potentially be better
than mine I don't know if you've got
blackout curtains wait these blackout
blinds no oh shit you've got ghosts in
it whoa I'm stuck this is a no they're
electric what Wow content right there
voice
yes you are you such a dancer look at me
well that's a buck oh who knows let's
find out tomorrow morning
Oh see you tomorrow that's just another
neighbor together unless think I don't
think there's been more of a Jewish lady
see Hitler's ours all who have been more
drunk and naked together in my life
before how are we talking about in bed
never fucking die but really I don't
really I don't think there's been more
of a YouTube I don't think there's been
more of a bromance relationship but stop
it stop milking your teeth and so done
they wanna do it yeah kind of make me
dead link why is your dad here as much
as I don't want to move we have to go
Jay we have to get so glad you two
finally met now we have to party hard
again
okay he's face he's so happy with
himself you thought this was bad he's
just skipping fuck what did I just say
to you what did I just say is disgusting
we do some Sun on this glass of her lips
and confined by his rank
don't go in ready me Tom I love you
didn't real goes take a good look bet
all you want but yes what is blogging
about now we have a South African in our
lives again yeah good look by he went
half that cake last night me but who did
this not me huh I want it I don't need
it I know that's why I don't throw
parties anymore of my house I have that
spinel Joe Joe no that was me Alice is
an out why did you have cheese on you
for last night I'm gonna skip to cheese
introducing Alice is Instagram she's an
alcoholic and she knows it
wait what no skip all this yep there we
go
Palace had some cheese in a can on a
foot that wasn't bad enough hey look Cal
that's where we were last night we have
now got a difficult task of trying to
get my bag from AJ and Jen's room it's a
difficult task because when they asked
me what my name was to put it on the
room I jokingly said Mr Bond
like you'd like you do so therefore I
can't give him my ID to get up to the
room so this is gonna be a struggle and
I can't get through to Jen and AJ all I
can hope it's Maria is at the door but I
don't think she's gonna be just saying
this right now she should probably lose
a job we've no idea ever anything like
that just said I knew the person's room
and their name it was a good story but
would you be happy knowing that someone
was like jokingly gave a fake name on
the room by Adam we made it into the
room look like Jen was this I got to see
Jen before we go and know AJ though he
is currently out with super cars of
London for breakfast I missed that I was
invited bored you saw how I woke up I
won't make it anywhere yeah have you -
not mad what oh my god no way I love
this um my worlds are colliding this is
great goodbye
well Vedas saying goodbye
I like how they went with it oh yeah
I'll throw it in the bin that worked out
better than expected
mr. Burton next step is to get myself in
an uber get to the train station and go
boom Manchester boys just got the best
idea ever
we've got like 35 40 minutes and
so we need to get a train but - Nonna
Nando's was here for a longest time so
let's try and get a sharing platter just
there paid for the Nando's he's like
drinking like now we're okay and the
guys I'll throw you what anyway Oh
cheers mate just for free and then I was
like yeah I'll give you the discount as
well this guy right here yeah legend
Cal's airdrop in photos with my face -
oh my it was it who was it
the thing is they know what I look like
though so great burro so I'm trying to
get back home now but we forgot about
that problems thing that was so in the
park yesterday
look how busy the trainer's this is
disgusting I was gonna try and do my
wizard trick of buying a standard ticket
than trying to upgrade the first-class
port this tray looks like it might be
forward and now we feast good train
right turn right yeah yeah yeah dude I'm
so sorry
consistently it was party yeah and
seriously it's don't count the integers
right I don't want to do it I'm so
scared
you are now arriving at yes yes yes yes
yes we made it I can definitely say it's
been a hell of a successful trip and we
pulled it off like a bottle but like
even the surprise is epic to the boss
don't throw in the bus did you enjoy
your trailer okay my first Baroni edit
in this blog my guy now from this point
of getting home all I did was sleep all
day like no joke we got like at like 4
o'clock and I slept to like 4:00 a.m. on
and off the entire day did nothing but
be lazy and you know what it felt great
but there's something I completely
forgot there was a clip that cow filmed
on his phone of Joe's reaction so
unfortunately I forgot to put that in
the vlog so I'm gonna roll it now and
may I say this right now ladies and
gentleman we did say in this here vlog
yesterday that Byron was gonna be
editing from now on so Byron if he says
hi on screen right now or something did
indeed edit this and I watched it back
and Byron still dug damn got it couldn't
even tell a difference between it being
edited by Byron on me probably he did a
better job but I'm saying this right out
Byron thank you very much for editing
these vlogs again if people are
wondering like why have you brought
Byron back and bought like Tom you've
got this new fast internet like founder
down that was the whole point
the finally found you down is actually
mainly more importantly for my gaming
stuff because they're like huge huge
huge huge videos like huge files and for
like
streaming and everything so that's kind
of like what I needed that far
especially with the new ecology coming
out but it was also helpful for the
vlogging but why it's important for me
now what working with Byron is when I've
got all these files let's see all these
files now the way I get these files to
Byron is that go to Dropbox I gather all
these files together throw them on
Dropbox send him to by room he had it
sit together and then he either does one
of the two things uploads the rendered
final video to my channel or ascends it
back to Dropbox for me to watch to check
to preview and then for me to upload it
now when Byron used to edit for me way
back in the day as well the reason why
the vlogs are still always late is
because even if I got like Byron to edit
the video or something if I was sending
him him that the video files fried the
entire day you know like the day before
when I was sending him him mine and it
was that slow that it would take me
hours and hours now as to send in the
forage but now to send him over the
videos like for an entire day's vlog
takes me like 10 minutes so it's just
sped up our process so much more I tell
you I'm so goddamn thankful because you
guys know I'm going up to Florida I'm
gonna be in Florida I want to just be
enjoying myself relaxing just kicking
back and traveling and like going on the
theme park rides and stuff and I want to
be able to start my day so rather than
having to wake up every morning like 7
a.m. sit there just like grinding out an
editor some like that I can now like go
to bed
send Byron the clips Byron can edit them
overnight and in the morning the blog is
pretty much ready to rock and roll
already cuz Byron's a wizard and he'd
done it so yeah it was truly a day of
recovery and as you can tell I look like
a bit of a bum now wearing nothing but
my dressing-gown and yes I am naked but
the struggle bus was real getting home
me and Cal were hanging out of our asses
the entire damn day but that Nando's was
the closest thing I think we have ever
done but like I said guys I am doing the
live stream at 7 p.m. so make sure you
tune into that it's gonna be a sponsor
to srimad track I think I may have some
boat but boda boda but beta codes for
your faces to give out not too sure what
else is going on whether they've got any
more sneaky stuff up the sleeves but
we'll have to wait and see for that but
7:00 p.m. I'm gonna be streaming it does
say that I'm gonna be doing with
Terrorizer I don't even actually know
that until I just played this promo clip
I actually had no idea I was playing
with him until it says terrorize sir not
terrorize us so I'm playing with Brian
which will be absolutely epic I love him
to pieces
but like I said we're gonna be streaming
all damn night and then the next day
guys after like I've done it a full
white 12 hour stream I'm probably don't
know killing myself doing this boy I'm a
streamer all damn night all damn day and
then I'm gonna be going to Florida the
next day so if you guys ready for some
flurried Florida Florida in flood
Floridian I think is Floridian Floridian
adventures I'm super looking forward to
it's gonna be a great trip I cannot wear
absolutely Florida however I have said
this before I'm going during like
tropical rain season with which which
wasn't the best of moves and explains
probably why the flights was so cheap
the hotels were so cheap
well the the hotels that never cheap at
Disney but the hotel I'm staying that
was actually quite reasonably priced but
yeah that that's how it's gonna go so I
hope you guys are looking forward to
rainy grey miserable vlogs in the
happiest place on earth which is Disney
World so yeah that to the best abilities
as soon as I click purchase on the
flight I was like wow that was a really
cheap flight there and back for 300
pounds I was like so direct flight as
well I was like that's perfect I was
like mmm what's the weather like and
then as soon as I checked the weather
for like them estimated dates it was
just like thunderstorms 60% chance of
rain I was like oh my god you know
that's that's a struggle bus right there
so I'm gonna go Oh eat well wish me luck
and honest to god I would love to invite
everyone to come watch this live stream
tonight just I know I keep typing on
about it and it's not just the thing
that it's like responsible ice cream
that I'm doing with Trey is too but it's
the fact that I absolutely love college
it you black ops it's like my favorite
one because it's like the creator's will
not black up so I love trying they're
the creators of zombies inside this new
like blackout game mode there's zombie
Easter eggs so you better know we would
be hunting for that all night and it's
it's just like the hype is about to
start this is why I started my youtube
channel colleges on bees all that sauce
stuff it's like what made me big like
and it's about to all start all over
again so ladies and gentlemen we may be
on the road to 10 million subscribers
take 3 so we're only 50,000 subscribers
away which is mental for real we've been
gaining subscribers for the past month
until the other day when YouTube deleted
simple check this out we are actually
like just less than 50 1000 subscribers
away from ten million again and you
better know if I hit ten million
subscribers again I am driving my ass
down to YouTube in London putting a
camera in the face peanut where's my boy
and if they say they haven't got it and
it's in America I'll fly to America and
put my finger in the face and go where's
my eye button and they'll probably just
say everyone got it yet but to be fair
they should have it because I've hit it
twice already
they said it was being made they said it
was in the process so where's my damn
button now before I lose any more brain
cells of stress from this I'm gonna go
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave that like great subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next day vlog and as always sir
the US
