day one officially of insomnia 61 spoke
to me everyone had a pretty good night's
sleep actually I'm ready to rock and
roll not a breakfast yet
but it's time to put on the finalized
finished version of the brand new
syndicate show would you look at this
she left me a note
good morning I have ironed his t-shirt
and her towels in the wardrobe see you
later love you she is the best there
ever is being vacuumed rolling with it
we call this the big s sure like I don't
know why we called it that but this is
called the big Esha like I said I want
to come up with a really badass name for
it but I don't know what to call this if
you guys got a suggestion in the
comments leave it down below but KaBlam
oh yeah you can't see it from the front
one sec switch around rockin that brand
new shirt everyone's been hyped for it
so we're launching it I believe
launching it today let the show
exclusively until Monday and then people
can get it online search wonder like
Tommy I kind of bloody get that shirt
it's because it's caught it goes
exclusive it the show first and then on
Monday you'll be able to get it online
so the whole part of coming to insomnia
man would drop in that exclusive
exclusive exclusivity first yeah I think
that makes sense no Monday to Friday
10:00 a.m. oh my god no I've missed
breakfast on display so came in I got
myself an awesome chocolatey swirl thing
one piece of bacon and a piece of ham
but that's my nutritional breakfast for
today that is one hair elated couple to
that
Oh matching shares Van Nuys we could
have left the hotel at any time any time
you can walk download we would just talk
you guys play Mary okay right wait we
can imagine imagine it you have to put
like a coin in to use it as if you do
all three of us drifting round on this
please be a pound coin entrance
I know it's keys the women are you ready
for the chaos father chaos yeah by the
syndicate original show it's really good
here it's my stand all right yeah listen
I wasn't late I wasn't late I promise I
wasn't able thank you all for turning up
saying hi and was like yeah next time be
on time
yeah sorry buddy all right this is me
Emily okay good Chewbacca girl
have I got this one already yeah
Oh Oh
he's brilliant oh thank you did you make
this it's a tongue
it's a booster oh you don't want it as
well
zombie blogging top glow-in-the-dark Tom
with Steve okay are you gonna make the
rest of it dedications thank you so this
is the first time I've seen this in
person
Sam Jones you absolutely crushed it and
now about to ruin it because my response
a signature cybela Hasan the homie just
hooked it up with some pop figures and
some watches for Ron who's this guy dude
look at these guys swag it out are you
from where wait wait
best set of brothers ever long did this
take you to do Emily that is so well
done it's just drama two signers fear
was it give as a gift
all right what what can you we supposed
to be you're the guy is on the front of
every single one of these thank you
that's him that is in thank you for
being alleged who's it this this sorry I
shot John and yes oh my god is this
familiar fit for Metallica that is epic
yeah that's going in my office yeah I'm
gonna put that Nexus Steve he's sick
Alex come here
Oh adorable is that this red bag of
mystery gets better but they just pulled
out of it it's a quick revive bottle is
it about unit now I'll just stop coming
in it it's a light or quick revive
bottle yo you guys are like the homies
right now we're walking you up with a
free t-shirt thank you so much there you
go man of my word
thank you so much look at this legendary
family oh my lord how you doing team are
you well we're good
what is this shirt who made this daddy
made this the big dude in the background
who I'm not gonna mess with he could
flatten me with one hand this is an
amazing shirt Steve original so we need
to create a clothing line just a Steven
I'd buy one I thought I'd say what
should I do your trade she would get
your dad to make me why yes so can I
open it now you should be good
it's alright okay oh well this is like a
swag package okay okay okay so we're
after a good start with some fudge
minutes thank you so much yes
what size is it yes all right time for
trade they're not yes I think this is
the only way to do it besides show you
and once I shoot you and we'll hook you
with a free show okay sweet there's that
deal daddy oh my gosh it's so good to
see you again
you know Joe when I met you up in
Ireland last time I was going through
much where and I saw the tree and I was
like she's a little legend I hope she's
here I know who did you turn off she
brought babe oh my gosh thank you so
much for that and who's this to me yeah
you are a star Josh oh did you drop it
yourself you are the best so we're gonna
hook you with a new shirt is that okay
yeah all right and that moment when was
in the queue over here and I was like I
was like get out the queue and come
straight to the front um forgive you
free shirt go again we've got another
language to say it's a it's not gone
what is potato salad in well shrimp
salad tatis I'm gonna conquer the world
one could topple salad at a time so when
me Olivia were in Paris we were there
and then Oh got fallen to the door only
was like okay they found where we are it
turns out it was these two so thank you
very much and see I appreciate that
sorry I didn't put another note back and
redo what I was supposed to do but they
pop figure lightning McQueen is that
what you weren't yeah you guys are the
best thank you so have you seen Lydia
she's on the other side okay suspicious
package what is this
oh snap how did you do that oh my god
that is doe you did this at home alright
get late did you laser coil that is
amazing
join with Sam yeah again you absolutely
smashed the poster so thank you much
this is his sister by the way just
randomly throwing you the block she's
like just like oh okay yeah definitely
brother do you brother or sister yeah
yeah brother sister not
girlfriend/boyfriend aware no I know
you've got it sign here but you have to
sign it for me and you have to draw
something on it and then I'm gonna add
it to the collection okay thank you
sample are you signing posters for
people yeah they said the high/low
celebra all of a sudden i dude that is
so sick I've got to get all of the ones
that you've done together and frame them
make the squad rolled up again
nice to see you guys totally over 18 and
gonna get drum with you guys later right
yeah sure that says this is for me
you especially need what's this is a
one-of-a-kind predator where did you get
it done what ask yourself a BMX park
place oh yeah that has got some weight
no wonder the security told you not to
hit anyone with it dude that is so sick
mate thank you so much I'm gonna put
that my house and I'll proper go on
display thank you very much I appreciate
you just rolled up in style you rolled
up in town not only did you roll it with
biscuits oh wow
the mountain zombie edition oh my god
didn't even know that existed and Adam
mentor Thank you very
now I need to hook you up I'll give you
sure this is why I have the best
audience ever commit get it thank you so
much for that thank you so much look at
this it brought me a massive bottle of
lucozade hi Paulo just random it knows
about luck okay got me some ice cream
some chocolate and some liqueurs it and
you're rocking this in the kitchen err
you're pretty cool thank you very much
now I'm gonna hook you with some swag
expect good deal I'm gonna be getting
pretty damn damn wet here on this run
thank you very much guy roles have been
gave me a bottle of whiskey this will go
down a tree cuz my dad's gonna be
drinking it with me fine look at these
guys we're making like their box and
anyone rub your nipples for me rub your
neck who's up you're not even working
your stomach
lay there oh my god Jax Kido
it's over big when are we getting on it
but I like stranger underwater Chuck see
it's almost like I own this booth you're
stalking me all right
just document the homie Safina Sophie Oh
Deena Sofia made this for me and this is
a printout of the network that she did
and Adam right thank you very much do I
always see this guy every single event
Oh Kim
you didn't bring me a gift which is the
best thing ever you know why because you
brought the cat some gifts how do I say
potato salad in Estonia what god police
a lot more time
Julie Kelly salad Natalie cartilage
cartilage solid cartilage salad Bartlett
sir Ketil salad below is with I always
come to show and always see these two
thank you for just being great viewers
did you go to the shop I rip joke if
you're watching this I sometimes watch
but I want to come to the shop so that's
really cool Oh check out this they made
me look at that that is like all my
thumbnails from when I started vlogging
on my other channel of online for Tom
Shannon
all the way through tonight what's the
latest one I actually can't tell what's
done that is about to try will get there
it is day one done except one thing
six six and a half hours six and a half
hours what the fudge dude so there you
go so it's your birthday
working it with these wristbands I know
it's not worth being stood up for six
hours but two for two measly wristbands
bought it for you
happy birthday mate relax so what do we
think say energy it has to be high true
how did it go with Tara's or mini good
vibes if you don't know by the way just
the people who were confused as to where
their standards you walk through here's
the syndicate original standard if you
walk round you don't come through this
way you go round if you walk around this
is where you can find mini lad and
terrorize it and they'll be tweeting
when they're at the boot so if you want
to come get yourself something a lot
stuff I'll meet them here yeah day one
success the people were amazing million
faces away like a six hour queue but
honestly that's not on me by the way
this except it is on me cuz I take so
long to me people were like people have
stories and I like listening to it but
am I talking so it's like well we're
gonna get the beer now so butai i come
out the toilet and find this what is
producing sound and I said this is
brilliant piece of artwork The Syndicate
projects when they had six hundred and
fifty nine thousand white
but the charge ships well so it was a
long time ago father come on I still got
a bad mustache on the top of my way yeah
I do mean I mean you are a good people
like Sam is rare rare in communities
stick around if you're not forwarding
what's your Instagram search for
dropping the follow and Shawn spit up oh
my god nearly good hey you buddy hey
buddy
Jesus crazy no cookie how are you come
Mary go I'm glad to see you in ready to
get very drunk yeah well I don't know
about that I'm going to be a responsible
term responsible lose it's a bullshit
excuse upset you Whitstable oh my
garnish I'm fuckin busy
are you ready for chaos
they Luffy you ready to get drunk that's
a penis
that's one there's a penis Oh screams oh
my god yes bye why you do this to me to
good health happiness and to killing
brain cells
but how many people are in here
my shiny other girls I see laughs wife
is just proud wife I have no idea why I
brought you to this has been such a good
for face
ah
easy come easy go what the fuck are you
pussied out of the last light to bow so
I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna make sure
um we're gonna do 10 sets on the boat
race that was gonna be I'm gonna hatch
it's gonna go down yeah okay let's do
this shit we can do that right
shit
drinking
we lost again sorry Tom but seriously
I'm sorry mate you beat me in the bear
train car I'm the Jager trail
sorry mate one day I'm going to bed you
guys you're fucking shots
alright y'all got a shot on your marks
yes you're on top drinking you fucking
pussy good also I love you dad
Kenny's your dad wait and we all do one
cheese and 3/4 then sorry a 3 a 1
oh boy a second goal a boy that's my 12
oh my god night Becky with selling oh my
god oh my god I grew what's your name
again
tearing tearing hey thanks to this let's
uh uh no no no no no no no uh-uh
sorry now I don't know Ben's been drink
like blue you pink smoke like a baby and
carried into the room I don't want to
say but I think my dad but he's
struggling
this videos tomorrow it's something
about happy to about have a coffee and a
bit of a dance game get it get it get it
I've been drinking that's not my dance
very nice
we love you can we do we love you can we
did we love you can we do okay we're
going this way is áliveá is going to
casino bar this right this right this is
why wait just wait
look everyone is oh yeah I love it okay
okay
hey great hey sis
biggest job something you're invested
you dislike ken Ken Ken I thought you
could swim across the lake I could swim
from here to that that front glass
window let's go hi bro
they're fuckin good swimmers give us
your shit Ken Tom give us his shit no
what is the aim of the game
go
hey walk around this Joe let's get
moving hey everybody's Iker let's go
fuck keeps going on Ken Ken and towards
me Ken Ken that's a fucking memory right
it's what we do hey we can swim the
aftermath of me my dad is naked
my name's Tom I make videos of every day
my life and me my dad run away adjust my
bustards so we decided I can just say
fuck you up alright blog is your site up
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating make sure
you click that subscribe button
Dingaan that belt and as always adios ha
ha ha
sorry ojos another day another dawn bang
