my entire day depends on this in this
beam right here right now all it's
pretty good what are you eating the
curry from three days ago huh
nice alright the internet speed in this
hotels not bad so I should be able to
leave my laptop here rendering the vlog
we can go out start our day and I'd go
after worried about it the other Enders
crash so that's great ah
serious damn to render a 15 minute video
he's gonna take 56 minutes yes I need
that new razor laptop afternoon
let's have it this really is beautiful
Kensington Park
oh just dynalift I had no idea I'm being
educated by the Americans thank you
unless you are just wrong then you're
educating me incorrectly just say that
as well I've never been here before in
my life this was gorgeous is the biggest
one I've ever seen but like that thing
is so swollen it's a beep it's about to
eat that small child how America does
not know this see these like the balls
yeah all right
that's the conquer but only fall oh
there was one on the ground by things
one it's okay
oh there see okay that's a big conquer
wall is a solid conquer that's the
conquer did you hear it sick was a
conquer fight were you knock it right
Americans don't want conquering is that
blows my mind that I was in Paris and I
met an American guy who didn't know what
conquering was so as a gift to you I
don't know if you can even take it back
into your own country but that's
probably definitely illegal but you now
know what Congress that woman educators
good I can't believe I'm just sat here
filming a squirrel book not gonna lie
it's kind of kind of it oh my you're
this I'm gonna be in wait what were you
going oh god I like that a lot would
check where we are
Hyde Park absolutely loads a tourist
herb I'm liking it
this was supposed to be a quick trip to
go and get some fish and chips but it's
turned into a mission it's quick you
guys
oh I know it's like clearly not well
this entire Park so it turns out there
is a big event going on that's why we
were wondering why I was so busy and
turns out it's called from in the parks
compact yeah there is a massive prom
going on in Hyde Park right now so it's
super busy look at it there's all the
chairs tattoo look at it
Wow Bay it's absolutely rammed - named
okay first of all is that I love Ferrari
okay that is money story time I want to
call duty black ops 3 from that building
rather oh my god what are the chances of
this last time I was outside this
building this is where I launched call
of duty black ops 3 and I did the
zombies livestream and it was absolutely
amazing
that's where I got my hair cut like
three hours before the event Excel one
potato and right there is a la ferrari
remember how much nothing is worth
bought it's a lot of money
Mayfair chippy this is very nice and
quaint I like it I like it a lot you
chose an expensive ass chip no really
Christine Pound 25 first done did pretty
efficient chips god damn that's like
twenty dollars of fish and chips you go
to a normal fish and chip shop free quid
really god damn that laferrari
I've actually seen one in real life
before 1.5 million u.s. dollars does
this class as a true British fish and
chips because in London it kind of does
but where I'm from it has to come
wrapped in newspaper yeah I like a tray
like a toad if you get the true
experience it's not yeah 16 quit it's
definitely not traditional no no no no
no no normal fish and chips whatever the
hell why is it was two dipping selection
the price of
fish and chips a gin and tonic and a
coke and we recomm 48:52 rung 75 bang
wow that was really expensive five what
we're doing you the people the peep
ma bruh head okay it's like yesterday
all over again
Cheers well we don't drink alcohol we
talk about follow the White Rabbit down
down down down down and look what it
leads to a shuffleboard which there's no
rules you can do whatever you want all
I'm saying is I'm going for us you
having guests okay well this is gonna be
easy
go on AJ off the board what you think
you may add your pants right down there
Walker scored a two and you scored
nothing yes Pete the American you've
literally just got you've gotta push it
cuz it's you're like slipping and you're
just gonna get just stop in there thing
but like what Cup it's like balls but
look out quickly that was my girl Oh way
too much speed what you thinking you
drunk go home I've got you on the ropes
mate four points on the table gone
you've got you've got to win nice nice
yeah that was definitely nice yeah but
the score is seven three eight three
it was nine three eight look at that oh
my god
I'm going to secure a one right now nine
three back to ten nine I've officially
passed the torch off to the Brits once
again after the bowling debacle 2017 we
don't want to talk about the bowling
debacle of 2017 because you kick my ass
so two days in row bowling nearly every
game you be yours did we beat you once I
think maybe once but nobody remembers
the losses but I will forever a member
so will the audience the the sugar the
shuffleboard
at Marlborough head oh and make this
surprise happen I've not told anyone
about this surprise because I'm trying
to make it happen and not get it ruined
because I know if I say anything
it'll get spoiled I made it to Euston
which I'm now waiting for someone so
I've got the birthday card I'd now just
need the birthday present now I'm gonna
tell you what we're doing and I'll show
you what we're doing it's a certain
youtubers birthday I'm really good
friends with who lives in London and I
bought him a birthday present Joe has
always been like a massive fan of
caffeine in the vlogs pie and drinking
all that starts talk and they talk they
text all the time but they've never ever
met each other hello you look impressed
god damn so I'm just telling people were
doing they've never met they've never
met in person you text all the time
right oh all the time
Joe always talks about him he always
talks about Joe and they've never met in
person
oh the probably the probably are better
friends and me and Joe are fought
because it's Joe's birthday he's sort a
bit of a party's out and I've brought
Cal's a surprise it's happy birthday on
it I think that was a good decision this
is putting out to be a good day right
now let's get ready let's get ready
let's get ready to rumble
the way we're on the way we're on the
way
I don't know how thank you for something
I think you'll be excited
I actually recommend people think you
might do that walk to be high during the
boxA like 10 o'clock at night getting
through me and then a bar from it I know
it's the first time he's ever met my
Rizzo he's gonna meet Byron as soon as
you got to Train cuz Byron's waiting off
the train station for Oz where he's
gonna take us to the is apartment and
sneak is in I just don't we don't get
caught on camera reunited at last I put
the cake on top of the ice cream thing
so we had another stroke out right so
we're hiding in the stairwell right now
Byron's gonna come back out Alfie's
gonna help but we just realized Joe
doesn't even know I'm here
so what we're gonna do is surprise Joe
with me lose a toilet in here we we need
to get the cake from tesco disco the
card in it Oh everyone done says that
was like what's going on you say you've
got a birthday surprise yeah I'll jump
out I never liked Terra happy birthday
I bite but it's not the only surprise
I'm fucking nervous I'm so nervous oh my
god my dude forgot the cake I'm real I'm
actually sweating like crazy anymore
okay my kind of thing good no idea how
chocolate provides to organise me cry oh
my god all right I brought you but it
took me a long time to find and wheezes
no I've not got strippers but I've been
I've been trying to organise this gift
for the longest time like the longest
time no going open you're covered it
took all three of us to get it in the
house hey chuckles your flavour I'm
putting in my own no no no no right if
it's not the right size or anything we
can completely take it back or if you
don't like it we can take it back all
right well it took all three of us to
open it
Thank You somebody so good to see ya
dude thank you so much
yes well done bitch / - that was good -
that was good teamwork you've done
really good who organized this food out
really thank you I appreciate - power
signals so good turn all right cheers
man look at this everyone's getting
ready to watch the first episode bring
skate buddies for life
like the subscribers which is one of you
have been recently or very fortunate to
meet Chris Charles and that's now had
everybody of these thanks for counsel
we've got to learn a new skill one's
going to come away thinking like hey
look answered Foxtrot you're like cool
things to pick up in conversation but my
grandpa's special I think they're one of
the main reasons why every wants to do
this when when she was younger she
danced in battle tower so I'd love to
get to that stage that's by far isn't
or even picture check Johnny Ramones
check John's partner up with me is Peter
women I'll be shocked is he's a smooth
operator
yeah if your dummy
it's like real life well done
congratulations I'm so sorry for your
loss I'm so sorry
what do you think of Joe's bother mate
the worst in she she's absolutely ladies
and gentlemen we're only for one reason
and yes Strictly Come Dancing is
important and all that but more
important than that is Joe's birthday
that said there's a big-ass cake over
there that needs cutting so we need to
sing you a very happy birthday and
you've got to cook the cake so
we're good thanks for coming
I'm ray trunking you're very very sure
yeah go good jump wrong with that body
rod
fine for coming must amounts be the fact
that were here
legends shout - oh yeah
so what more you helping happiness happy
birthday
you're so beautiful I love it don't have
a change no dammit eight
now I know I've talked about this along
it's how I don't need to see your dance
moves no no no no no but you guys know
I've said this for a long time baby
super busy with gaming and traveling at
the moment so making this known Byron
from this vlog on what are you doing
what is it with you with bring my answer
from this point on fire and he's gonna
be editing the walls okay look at fire
so I know you guys might know Tom but
you edit them well Byron does a super
good job even though but as soon as you
came on board they didn't know nobody
knew so it's just think of like I would
have continued to I have fun doing my
thing film it but the one thing I can do
is keep getting up by like 6:00 p.m.
every day and it's pissing me off
I mean you guys be delayed time even
hungover a small town so when the blogs
the late as much as it may be my fault
we've got Byron now so I will be up but
trust me firstly nothing will change
with how other videos that editor and
Byron knows but more important like I
want to bring Byron on board is a fun
thing of real life Byron under sound
effect and then he goes in so if you
guys have got good suggestions of light
what we can do with the world and what
we can do in Byron suggests it will make
it happen
and BIOS will kill it and I say this
right now I sense here will you travel
with me when I go traveling around the
world and I saw a stop so you can come
with me
have fun cuz everyone loves Byron in the
blogs and everyone Hey
so yes this is my brother-in-law
yeah
you know stuff you tend to it
oh yeah YouTube nowadays watch
make it rain make it rain
thank you oh yeah
yeah I have no idea what they're saying
how good is the good good is it good put
it have you tried the good good yet dude
listen I hey hey
try the good good try to do hot good now
try it try it try a calorie come and try
it
Wow has it hesitation how was it can I
try it oh my god literally glaring no
don't you dare let me buy it yes the
fact that we're about to like for real
have you ever seen a party end like this
look at this is a cake is a boat of
sweets this alcohol is another cake this
is so much going on right now I
literally can't even and in time my life
and only suck for me is Joseph's Oh
the English weather is very cold
hey guys it's me here I come yeah you
guys you keep the back yeah Karl this is
for your breath this is for you brick
get it yeah
brush your manes Bay this is for me yeah
Bree hey guys search for kissing booth
on Netflix in you can find Baron Baron
if someone's fallen asleep in the corner
you leave them to it and then when
everyone's going you all go together
never leave a man behind are you in
what's your name then what's your name
yes and I say the never leave a man
behind
now say this a password of the grossy
name news what a secret policy what is
it those it was jumbo jumbo jumbo Bwana
I have no idea what's going on if I make
it home okay wait
he know the song gum I have no idea
what's going on right now but as long as
I make all my goods my hair - how cool
not matata hakuna matata means no way
step up your music row I'm up look even
the drive is loving this right now I
love this though like honest to god this
is the county music I can just buy
bounces you like it
every little bit bit love it bear threw
away love it pressed in a blue bar
fucking bear oh yeah Oh puffer fish on
the ceiling what like to party we like
we like to party we made it where we
need it to be
thank you
I thought you'd want to give him to
juice today you know we why because
that's the hotel I stayed in all my bags
all my bones are in that hotel if I can
get my shit from that hotel now I think
we're back to your house the same train
home tomorrow to Manchester oh don't you
give him a faithful yeah don't commit to
a course we can don't make promises I
must have missed heard from when we left
the club and mangos what because man
wants double chicken burger with chicken
fries no I know the Afrikaans version
what's the Afrikaans version the bar bar
hi ba ba ba hi baby shark
let me show you the English version girl
you do know it then go like a quiet calm
get ready for grandpa shadows I hate
this I hate this so much I just want to
kill him cashew him will you hate me
fuck you bitch I'm not filming this
anymore
I don't like this I hate this shit
what's this stuff up a conversion of
that Baba that sounds terrible just say
this right now
fuck yourself African branch it whoa
what the fuck no no no no no welcome to
McDonald's what feed me
yes feed me feed me feed me to the
machines screen good decisions were made
all the 35 please please please enjoy
your meal please please okay
I didn't get receipt so come no yeah we
didn't get a receipt from that trying to
keep up take Behrens about to become the
number one editor of the vlogs
well that's not what I was going for but
you know if you're gonna do that then
sure Kyle leave him alone he's good so
what I was trying to go pal god damnit
Byron is now part of the family in
regards of cow listen to me
control to the place this way you have
to deal with mama
so basically this is what you have to do
think of all the drugs think of all the
different blowjob doing yes real
experiences listen so as we with Byron
now but think of all the drunk blogs are
gonna be more like their own limited
offer 23 I'm trying to sell Byron and an
offer Cal with our faces I mean give me
anything Embry
yeah man Turner flipped me every have
you seen those eyelashes Wow Wow Byron
is about to become part of our lives
once more I want to see you guys have a
moment have a molten - look at me look
at me look at me look at me look at me I
want you to have a moment right now know
what a moment okay I wasn't asking you
to kiss him on the lips I was asking for
a moment yeah brain for me you got
chicken nugget though he's your hair
look at me look at me I love you
are you really bucking our lives again
get it together again dropping me 10
we love you Byron we do see that good
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten oh well the next bit oh man he
could put that in a blog if he wants to
Byron is about to become the biggest
part of the vlog and I love it
not even like a if you like a rude or
random way but like I like the idea of
the relationship between like the stoma
and the editor
beginner rides will be classic you Byron
did you Byron was really high right
let's just do this now
I know I know there's gonna be much more
front where we're going tonight but can
we just do this let's end the vlog now
yeah ii put my phone on faith
ladies and gentlemen Byron is from now
on gonna be editing the vlogs so as much
as you may love it or hate it blame him
for it if the vlogs late it's either I
got the footage late to him or he just
said about job but if you hear severely
limit nomatter what blame me
I want the relationship of having fun
film in my life but then Byron is the
guy you guys get to play and have fun
with so we love Byron we're gonna travel
with him we're gonna have fun with him
but Byron is gonna be the homie we live
Libre until next time we love you we'll
leave you by Roenick you're back
Byron is back if you hear some really
love walking sounds and borrowings but
guys I just I need him back in a live
show a little bit I'll leave yeah let's
do this
and welcome Byron into our lives until
next time make sure you leave a like
rate and subscribe and I will so Mike
over a house on me hey kid I'll see you
guys next time
sorry us anything we could have expected
tonight which way would you have
expected that I did not expect to walk
into that my knees and I've got a giant
scrotum
I'm just saying I want you I'm gonna get
in your bed so it turns out that Cal
rather than sleeping on the sofa gave up
his sleeping spot because this guy
spelled stole our bed so fuck you you
stole our sleeping bag so whatever it
turns out Carl decided to steal Byron's
bed so it was at this point that I said
I don't give a fuck I'm going ceiling
joist bitch Joe can get in bed with me
because he's still awake entertaining
guests I'm just gonna get in Joey's bed
wake up the next day and just deal with
the consequences so little bit oh by the
way by sin a bit I mean thanks for
watching make sure you leave a like
great and subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the next day vlog if I can
work out how to turn off it Oh can't
wait to get in this bed like no joke I'm
gonna get naked I'm gonna rub my ball
sack on his bed and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the next look so make sure
that like rate subscribe and I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish for the
next day log that is if Byron edits it
together so I love you I'll leave you
and hmm oh my god
oh my god yo is bad
Wow
oh yeah and I said yes
