man come eight oh yeah high five good to
see you buddy where you been
well no I've just not spiked it up I'm
rocking it flat no we've got to go back
outside why I've got to show you some
what we're doing
stay there stay still stay still stay
still stay still
there's a cat pull up your nose there's
a cab pull up your nose oh no sheesh
your hair
why did you I said there's a cowboy who
knows and you still let me carry it on
look down here not what have I done it
on guess who did it Oh guess the
girlfriend nope
Alice Alice Alice reverse from here and
hit my car over there yeah honestly I
was walking through the house and I
heard oh my god what is that
I thought Alice had crashed off the edge
of the Drive no behind us I thought
she'd fallen off the drive and I was
like now it would have been louder than
that it's only right if you do it it has
to go wait sure we could open versions
if it is more the inside come very lucky
I want to say Oh Alice reckons it's
gonna be mad moldy inside I've got the
brown bean oh sure it would have tasted
amazing if I wouldn't have put it in my
microwave and forgot about all right Oh
me this looks like it's gonna be edible
you know there you go Oh me it's
absolutely uh Larry creams got more than
that there was a 23rd of June and June
July August you can smell it no no no I
would never gonna try it see what it
look like yeah that was a sponge cake
you made anyway and one of Alice's peeps
you know as a parent that's gone it's
all the two months old
it's no fun easy you know for new gun
does granddad let's I don't have a
girlfriend I have a wife or a wife were
you married my wife no I'm not
right okay listen no wedding ring I
don't know why I did the spark thing no
wedding ring all right
not married I just refer his cheek a
mile off I just refer to girls I'm
seeing as my wife so she's my wife so to
everyone who was like when I just in the
moment said oh me and the wife everyone
in my vlogs like my wife nice wait what
before 30 years 35 year ago yeah in
Ibiza so until the Obey yeah the see
turn around a set of a jellyfish I know
the sting the size of the UM what you
got so we both got stood by jellyfishes
in the beefer yeah God someone needs to
make a song I got stung in Ibiza no I
took a third I visa me might mean my dad
have both got stuff man I'm very tempted
to get a tattoo of a really small cool
badass looking jellyfish but I don't
know how to put it on my body I'm gonna
put it on like my belly where I've been
stung this all thing like I just I don't
know that's like the idea you know an
adventure story of shit that random I
have in my life because I should get a
bee or a wasp because I got stung by a
wasp a jellyfish and then maybe a bear
because I met and met a bear that once
I'm not be pretty cut down go wait watch
what it's called naked attraction
what's up again what do they do he's
women shrimp off shake show them right
nothing on and the man was picking the
woman he won what by looking at our yeah
a bears yeah do the woman look at the
men
yeah so do you see what's the penis is
just a man appear yeah what why are you
watching back next week
why you want to oh you just happens to
be on did it but did you watch every
week no I see a track so yeah so you
have seen it well
once yeah and you're gonna watch it this
week as well Oh
channel 411 report yeah to do open your
eyes to what's going on with what no no
sex it opens your eyes to sex yeah what
did you enjoy the show did you not enjoy
that much when the memory 104 okay so
she'll watch it this week seen as though
the women are on yeah not don't watch it
next week
this is a really good show so let's take
a side track from penises and naked
women for a second right this look its
World War two footage remastered into
color oh yeah how good's that have you
ever seen it in color before no yeah
it's like this Netflix show that's just
absolutely incredible that's like
painstakingly recolor corrected all of
it well not all of it like big portions
of it
it tells you the entire story of the
works on that sallow you should watch of
it oh yeah this is this is a video game
that I'm playing yeah do you see the big
screen I had yeah I'm gonna reset up
soon I'm missing it I just have to have
to I just have to go back to two screens
for people ask it because it's streaming
so I can play on one screen and check my
chat on the other and but I really do
want to switch back to the ultralight
it's just you can see so much more I
feel like I'm trapped in a little box to
this screen yeah look what about them
what about them
Macroom me what does that mean no good
know that the Japs the jobs times they
were crew me
I'm in the military me I can't get
scared you got him again everyone he was
that opinion if you should have parked
it there can really burger right oh my
wife reverses out everyday that way you
went to my wedding oh yeah oh yeah
alright great to see you guys that was a
really fulfilling conversation blog
edited four o'clock it's got two hours
to upload says it's gonna be doing 32
minutes brother did you just file and
walk away
yeah yep just you just crop-dusted be
filthy man I'll see ya know I'm getting
the train rendered oh yeah I'm gonna get
in the train all right so I'll see you
when I get back from London to Paris
okay look up bye bye bye bye now enjoy
your TV show look here you go what a
legend on absolute but you've ripped my
bumper off and watching it I'm watching
you of cheers grunt I don't give me that
look that's the look of disappointment
that mean finally doing it oh my god
that is so satisfying final watch no
joke I really really thought that I'd
lost it I thought I'd lost my Breitling
again so thank God heaven there's horses
driving my house so I'm gonna get naked
so I'm gonna close that I'm going
mountain biking my dad so let's get
ready let's get good under I'm finally
getting on my bike got to excuse the
wind book for the first time in forever
I'm finally finally getting on my bike
and going for a proper ride with my dad
in the cruise
no gram this time creams I think it's
damaged he's like oh so he's a I'm going
for a ride
looking forward to it and hopefully I
don't crash GoPro most sarcastic biker
arrives
I'm very Oh looking nice I'm very Wyatt
you get yeah the only reason I come
riding is because my dad's always in
front it's free promotion for my
clothing line I just filmed dad ass and
get free promotion you don't be the
front line up I also let them go in
front so I can do this alright charge it
every second of a story if you buy oh
yeah watch me bail
the pleasure of an electric bike right
down the hill and simply ride back up it
oh you missed the jump oh that smells
like your poopoo that smells like this
no eat it rides my face oh oh you like
the poopoo Chris this is my dream
it's have a quad bike and just loads of
ones you just rip it on oh one oh god
the post yeah how are you doing
look at you you're gorgeous
I kind of wish they had a dog tag so you
could know what the name was
hello this guy thinks he's a zebra with
a stripe okay throw some grass from the
other side another good stuff oh I
ordered a good stuff from the other side
oh my god you're munching ah tickle
tickle tickle tickle
okay I gotta go now okay mention of its
gonna stroke your nostrils they're so
soft you know I can't feel that I'm
wearing gloves
good deal alright thanks that stroke
there's more grass okay it's the point
Oh judge
hi there telling decisions would you
like at oh yeah go fuck yourself Cruz
attactive Tom here it seems like we
found a case of nitroglycerin oh look at
this look at this these kids been doing
the nitrous drugs up here it's not
acceptable
I'll find out who they are and I'll make
them pay but no wonder they come up here
and get I interview blood yeah what a
great day I've completely lost them all
so I got 20 minutes before the blog
needs to be live it's uploaded I think I
just got a thumbnail a title and make it
public to the world let's hope I don't
forget I found food taxi oh wait I'll
come running to see you again winter
spring summer or fall all you gotta do
is call and I'll be there I'll be there
you got a friend come on feel like I'm
playing player unknown battlegrounds
jump on I'm just gonna
I think I'm very proud to say pose one
opposed to
right Tom so what we do is we try and go
as fast as we can down here is two
points this place and another place
where we go as fast as possible the high
speed I think we got an ear want was 45
miles per hour I beat that by 47 on Joel
Wayne but we absolutely fly down here
and then go up to the top of that hill
and fly down there so just absolutely
fucking Amory watch out for cars all
right gonna send it
all right know what hooks no we're close
an in the chief doesn't fit
oh really
ken saves the day yeah oh the mud let's
do it some rock add a nut my boy was
that fun it's Nate
and our high score was Tom we did a
whopping forty two point seven miles per
hour down that road
yeah point two point seven pretty
fucking fast good job good job good job
good job
hey I'd love to join you for some more
time I have to go congratulations on
winning the race home was I actually was
slogging here
I mean the camera doesn't lie
no I have to go my pleasure was a
pleasure so if I mean that's good not in
Paris then absolutely and if you're
wondering why I'm shaking your hand so
what hi in case it's on camera higher up
a nice umbrella I got yourself the
fortunate why would you what you were
shredding it the you were sending it so
fucking much that you just the tie was
like kind of you get a syndicate
regional case and you cracked it and
burn it how did you burn it
I cracked this fucking guy right go and
then where's your burns syndicate
original t-shirt summer he's like no I
you're I take care of my shit hey very
nice to meet you obviously
look after yourself don't burn phone
cases and put them in offices
now I'll see you guys maybe I'm gonna
know the ride okay yeah are you going to
something here okay I'll see if I see
now our drag you straight to pretty like
it's like lines and stuff I'll push a
button all right just come beside and
say well but all you gotta do is call
and I'll be there yes I'll be there
you got a friend each for 248 at the
petrol station guy would not let cinema
late fair enough I said to put the motor
back on my helmet and sunglasses on but
then I went over to the gags he wouldn't
even let me pump fuel and so when it was
like upon fuel it I took my sunglasses
like yeah went back off is dad cooking
fuel the fuel cut out I was like what
waved at the guy I'm sorta shot I had to
go back over he went please pay for two
pound 48s worth of fuel now and then
I'll let you put some more in I was like
why don't just let me put the full
amount in and off you're pretty when to
can see your face I said so you'll let
me point to pound 48 worth and you want
me to pay that like a deposit before I
put more in it's like yeah I was like
yeah no fuck that
so said and your bargain with rages long
long story short let me put the rest of
my fuel and then I paid
I know what's going on
you know you get crazy cat ladies it was
crazy barely my favorite and these
actually well this the thing where they
were supposed to be like wait million
gonna be some loads worth loads of money
and then they just did it
are these like seven o'clock so these
are the big white tee why they're beans
right
he's the extra-large oh this is just
creepy these teddy bears everywhere that
was my mom's teddy bear this is just
creepy
my mom's a crazy crazy crazy first of
all calm the hell down
that's all I just show it to you side
attack give you the hook yes well
carried away Tony just rolled home on
the bay and I thought I could see a leaf
blowing but it's a frog alright what'd
you do oh you toad what you doing don't
you do it at night you little toad you
turn into hell
you want me to give you a home so I'll
actually give you a nice new home wait
look at you what a fabulous looking toad
oh my god right come on right this I
don't know toad to swim oh no I'm
assuming they do listen if you're
interested this has got a river all
kinds I could yeah hold it okay
yeah you can't account you can try but
it's got like it's got water
it's got dude it's got it it's got a
dork there's like a duck in here
well how do you always like it well-fed
I'm gonna tempt you with a duck just in
case you like it okay stroked it up okay
Heidi you're good bro you're good oh I
think he's just came through somewhere
to sleep for the night oh all right okay
so you can sleep under me I'll do is
I'll put you under these my been a
massive massive vibes to Swanage for a
45 month subscription you the man
brother how I prepare for a new
adventure 101 I get my bag for my last
trip I empty it out and I start fresh
pair of shoes for going out in
parachutes wearing every single day
probably need to give them a clean
toilet too fact with they basically
plane essentials two-faced shaver
aftershave my I wrote groom how doesn't
need to be in there and there was a
toothpaste in there yeah I mean it's you
brush in there in there someone alright
so that is the end of today the next
vlog tomorrow starts on what a driver
and you're gonna be like wait what drama
I'll explain it tomorrow but until then
I'm with the wife and you guys will see
us tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next day live
or on our adventure in London and then
herring in Paris so until that much love
I would make you do the outro but I'm
not gonna make you that you shouldn't
like writing such channels you guys sit
together hikes
