good morning left a macchiato shit
good morning I beat the Spain it's a hot
day out here today and the people down
here are having breakfast I've already
had mine had pancakes had a drink same
thing every day
what four times in a row time to get
some Sun on this skin de pinna delight
can't say exactly use the TV with a
built-in support for whoever the hell
this is very nice room balconies nice in
the Sun quiet all day at a minibar comfy
comfy ass bed the bed gets like a 10
like a solid 10 like a 10 room I'd say
that's like a 9 this is a 5-star Hotel
I like it back was good this was all
fine shows great toilet was great you
know what overall this hotel you get a
nine so until next time I may be back
not sure if I will be because I don't
like staying in the same place more than
once but good bye for now
what kind of music is this for a hotel
pool bar
it's like the great voyage music not
exactly chill oh this is the kind of
protein you need in a beat then a happy
little fly I think I first say a chit do
you have a drink yeah I think we have to
do a cheers for the vlog this is to Tim
it's a pleasure to meet you and your
family and um yeah I happen to bump into
you guys on the last day I happened to
be here
and I mean on the last day in the last
few hours I happen to be a book spinach
it's been a pleasure choosing you know
got drink bartender we need we need
alfajores
Cheers to health and happiness and to
using factor to some cream and gain
super Bernie okay
me and Tim went from meeting each other
three hours ago to potentially renting a
boat together we're hoping to maybe to
get this for an entire day I'm supposed
to be going home in by the way I
supposed to be jumping about by it but
I'm looking to maybe book this for
tomorrow and then stay an extra day this
is all because you watch youtube videos
and bump into me but then I didn't bump
into you first I bumped into your dad
got drunk with your dad and I mean your
dad decide it was a good idea to rent a
boat how do you feel about that
you feel great this is what life's about
right life's too short make the most of
it
living the dream so tomorrow we're going
on a boat oh hey mom oh hi so basically
we need to check out about we've checked
out of our hotel and why it's in an hour
but we're saying screw that and we know
that now need to find a hotel and apply
it back yeah if not we'll sleep on the
beach still gonna send it easy yeah yeah
yeah dad you're not getting a campervan
go fuck yourself
so and then I'm staying an extra night
you know be there just so we can get a
boat go on the day out at her boat go
diving snorkeling arts I still keep back
in style with you Bobby watches my
videos who's just chilling upstairs
kicking back in the Sun and I've delayed
my flight by an extra two days how we
roll life's to shot me the most of it
love it your grandma bought you one of
the Syndicates years yeah well because
we're going on a boat tomorrow and not
just because that will send you one of
everything cool yeah mom and dad's like
is not fair it's always our swag you
don't get none alright stay away yeah we
don't do extra extra ripped as fuck but
yeah sure I got you man come on you guys
can tell with the wife just to like do a
getaway she's finished work chill out
for five days that was the plan my five
days are up
so Tom goes you know what my five days
are up you've been chilling we're happy
days time to make the most of it Tim I
have to thank you and your family for
making mistake one more extra day in
Ibiza yeah so do I you're bad you're a
bud you're a bad role model you know why
because you pie it hard and life's to
show me the most of it Tim could I get a
fist bump brother nailed it
because I'm going on the boat tomorrow I
had to get a new room so guess what I
said fuck it booked a new room and now I
have an extra place to stay fit what
fuck oh it's this way oh hey oh thanks
this is well but what this is so much
better than the last room what the fuck
this is well cool it's even go above
what the Mafia paid for my last room and
it was shit compared to this what it's
hardwood this is I stayed in that hotel
room right there there with the window
no windows closed
they made me staying at a hotel room
compared to this are you fucking serious
this place is Liz fuck not only did you
in your family Milan managed to get me
to stay for an extra two days we're now
going swimming in the sea you're out
with that yeah yeah I guess what's so am
i I've been here by I've been in our
beefer for five days I've not been
swimming in the sea yet so I made the
entire family go out swimming
shit happens listen dad I know you can't
swim how about the like I'm making you
go swimming okay it's get off me dad
where you go left we're going to the
coast we're going swimming this way
we're just gonna go swimming hey listen
mate this is the one right so we're
gonna get in it even though it's sharp
is tits I'm going to swim all the way
out there
I hope this plastic bag use my phone
dried corn right be careful for sea
urchins vanossgaming got stung by one
you can do it I believe it please watch
our stuff don't steal it you lovely
appreciate you your face is on camera
forever to be known in life and
everything yeah cool story let's get in
just don't stand on anything then just
swim you can do it small ginger child I
believe in you
just get in alright let's do this shit
buddy worked
Korea as if I ended up bullets were fun
and then I'm randomly out in the middle
of the ocean swimming out with him and
we're getting a boat tomorrow together
right I started I saw I saw all right
that's it
avoid the Sharks supposed to fly back
home today nah I was thinking you can do
it Connor come on were you doing come on
get your shit together I'm in a straight
line to those steps I did I just drown
you're good you're good color
just do your dear thing your fright
always tell you drowned got it if I'd
have to save that child looking just
slowly Connor get it together
take care don't burn I go on holiday for
five days and on the last day the last
day two hours before I'm about to fly
away to somewhere well to home I bump
into a bunch of amazing people and just
say fuck it I'm staying and hanging out
you but you see win in a lie
but let me pump it surrounded people
have a fun adventure and now it's like
chill out spa massage either guava Paia
it's a win
I like prawns I'm not sure how I ended
up here I was like you face massage like
rubber Berber Berber Berber book and I'm
like yeah yeah sure come in the evil
room again and put on the man thong
this is the pocket man thong by the way
all right
feeling fresh feeling good meeting up
with Tim and the fam right now going out
with some pie area think I'm gonna take
him to that place where I first ate
really good
sure it's out looking fresh oh my god
I'll show you later
I've completely sunburned my back every
day I'm at some criminal I saw stuff
today
yeah I'm really bad did you think from
wanting to each other at breakfast would
be going out for dinner today and then
going out on a boat tomorrow yeah what
why would you not think that was gonna
happen right I mean hello we just wing
it
we're still gonna send it - Cheers
- uh again extending a random adventure
you said to meet your new friends and
have a good times
tasty
more alcohol in my system attendance on
your phone how's your straight vodka
tree Union dirty geez feels like he's
talking from expert for the red car by
the way he is drinking 7up Peary 16
years old
GS crap calm down trouble now
tarts decisions I got Shelly mine that's
nice we got more food what did you get
you chose well we chose that look at
that not right there is our dish
hmm I hear before oh my god Oh Tim thank
you so much Wow are you ready yeah are
you sure you ready you sure mate yeah
yeah mono because this looks hella good
do you want
Ronda sings yeah who do you watch now
you I'll fix you a tiny room
is it my mom walks begin this who do you
watch my bun I watch my bum who do you
watch Rizzo Alfie okay
what about Joe what about Joe sugg Oh
fun for living oh I love living here do
you watch on YouTube is that what's your
future I've never heard of that before
my night Tim I know I know our meal the
best place I can recommend you but you
know what is good cheese cheese on cake
is cheese on cake ice cream
disgusting nice are you still gonna
watery though
oh yeah downright a family that I've
just met the first time ever today come
on I know you now have an ask you what
do you think lush Welsh Welsh don't same
Welsh you're so far back in the dated
mum what do you think of the ice cream
yes you know what they're not even from
wells wait well wells actually I even
pronounce ice cream archive and say
Wales they're not even from wells the
front well listen they don't even like
ice cream hmm muffin we know my wife
what do you think wait wife what do you
think of the ice cream 18 what do you
think your ice cream on it's a lovely
cone where's that from my way I like
what I like
top of the morning okay that's a
different language
imagine figure out this cures like get
the fucker husband applause you see you
guys 10:45 promise I will not be late
but I can I can promise but I might not
mean it goodbye family goodbye now good
boy
you what absolute min experience this is
what I love to do
travel and meet new people and just have
fun and got being a night of drinking it
just it was it was a day of drinking
really and it was it was brilliant it
was good fun decisions were made to go
and rent boats for the an extra day get
a room for an extra day but you know
what no regrets no regrets whatsoever so
now I'm gonna have to pack up all my
stuff get out of the hotel room and go
meet up with Tim any family to go and
step on your adventure so make sure you
tune in tomorrow the next day what makes
you leave like right in smack the
subscribe button if you haven't done
already
ding dong the bell for you know if
occations on and yeah I'll see you guys
for the next daily vlog which I hope
will totally be on time and I hope this
one was on time cuz I'm gonna be on a
boat all day so we'll see how things out
but you know life do you shop make the
most of it
