Illuminati confirmed
good board a world is that Markus
butchers interim buttress hey Markus
Markus butcher
what's hard it partly it's cloudy and
apparently tomorrow it's gonna rain
that's great
everything in this damn room is
automated I love it I love it I love it
well it's closed I got cloudy but it's
still it's self limit and mind I think
there's people down by the pool already
they've got the best spots I guess but
the bad spots that are sidious because
it's a pool on that roof of there and
it's even better than that look you're
in the shade but there's perfectly in
the south it's really it's however it
should be breakfast time round about
here oh there it is
I should shout with them y'all throw me
a latte throw me some food what's he got
well she go where no food oh what's he
got what's he got he's got nothing okay
okay
breakfast time I am incredibly hungry so
I get mister of some food I close the
door we don't want the mosquitoes lock
pop and rap prepare for the most
incredible view as soon as you walk out
my hotel room Wow I care a pack of dogs
in fact and probably lizards
whoo yes so ignore the hair I get to
choose from this menu of food I also get
that entire buffet you just saw so do I
feel like getting an omelet I'm not too
sure this is one hell a nice looking ham
and cheese selection this will do for
starters okay hotel easily the best
selection of meats I've ever seen
breakfast buffet in my life I did about
you in like three pieces off it as well
okay just delicious
we've finally selection of leaves oh my
god chocolate biscuit look amazing
yogurts more yogurts look at this
yogurts inside little holes full the
dice for the inside whose genius okay
detox juice multi juice strawberry juice
orange juice milk hmm
the van I'll sit on the throne I wanted
orange juice and he had it I also wired
apple juice and had it but then I found
a drink called multi juice and it has
all of it in it
yeah not sure about that in fact I
actually remember going to that beach
over there when I was 13 years old and
my black wig what when we were driving
into Ibiza I recognized a building and I
swear I see that before and I used
Google Maps to look above where the
building was and managed to track down
that when I was 13 years old I came to
Ibiza with my mom and some friends and I
found the exact place we stayed
screenshot my mom was like was this
where we stayed and she said it was so
I've got a really good sense of one
direction and two really good
photographic memory places so I've
actually already been to Ibiza so I know
where I know where other beaches are you
better know it's the daytime so we can
see these boats look at this guy he's
polishing the button and he's inside the
but I like these boats but I like this
but look at this is but a to do under
Skeeter go on the back it's a nice
modern looking one as well oh it's a
fancy dock when they have fingerprint
scanners to get on it and this is this
but kind of that's a big engine for that
big smile a boat at least I can exist in
Spain the Spanish people have any like
kind of Spanish drinks Wow
for normal Sun cream three years now yay
the spray some cream that I used 16
euros 97 cents holiday titters how to
know you're on holiday 101 Magnum minute
I mean Magnum minis that's the number
one thing to let you know that you're on
holiday
Magnum got jammies and oh my gosh Magnum
why ice cream in a tub
I just realized I'm in my element when I
walk out of shops and say goodbye I can
now go oh sorry else look like a crazy
person but at least I'm speaking the
right language see this guy's got the
right idea doesn't cost him any money to
get anywhere have an engine just in case
he needs to get somewhere and he's got
away
my changes yes to be honest though I do
like that kind of boat I'd rather go for
something like one of these you know
like before engine only I do like that I
wonder how much money it costs to run
that compared to running that I didn't
even open my eyes look at that that is
the money money's the money money's of
boats but it's not like own private end
as well you can't even walk that
expensive shoes loose captain weeks
apart in this boat turns out I found
even more of paradise look at this
section the coudl you're looking Beach
over that does it look too comfortable
Rock more like a guide is no exile his
chair over there take a look at all this
the sick Beach line yo nothing but pure
rock found some rock to jump in so what
all the way around got to here with yes
saw these rocks and was like yes way too
shallow I hurt myself too much like
ironclad Nate Steve would be having a
field day here there's so many cricket
listen that's like a really annoying
noise it's almost like like one of them
noises the police put in places to try
and scare off youth
what how big in these crickets no no no
no the more and more I walk grunts try
and find a place to jump off the last
chance I'm feeling is gonna be
successful I managed to hike down the
mountain found a completely different
hotel and some dudes camping on it Ken
what you're doing push off it's pretty
quick quick quick what this is pretty
cute cool I'm trying to say 100 euros
and you get campervan suite $20 squared
euros at the bar bottle of carbon wine
selection of fruits of cheeses yes check
this out
that's pretty good oh this is perfect my
dad I bet he sees this video in comes it
cut myself a refreshing glass of water
nice hotel I should really just I should
go to places like countries stay at one
hotel for two nights
give myself time to look around and then
stay at different hotels and do
different things I'm thinking of doing a
challenge of 72 hours in certain
countries and just seeing I can achieve
in 72 hours you guys like that idea
I may do it Joe so pack your bags were
doing it together thinking I went on a
huge trek to end up to this other hotel
with like wow it's so far away I walk
down the road looked right and there's
my hotel suite when I last came to I be
that I stay that place called me Ibiza
and it had the king crab if you guys can
remember it I probably spent about
hundred quid on king crab
yeah I'm tempted to check out this hotel
early and go over to that one check in
there just so I can eat the crab genius
no one's here
masters someone's already been in the
river noodles he's making it my daily
mission to steal the doughnuts
downstairs which are totally free but
still it's a theft someone else beat me
to it I opted in for a deep tissue
massage I usually just get like a
relaxation thing but because I love
going to spaz if you haven't noticed
it's just so nice to just feel good but
yeah I'm going for a deep tissue so I'm
probably gonna get beat up for an hour
ah the next stop of my day is to reach
the rooftops ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba and I'm gonna sleep and sit Deadshot
daiquiri on the way by that I mean a
strawberry daiquiri
oh my gosh look at these chairs yes oh
my god I need to come to it like a squad
I'll come in with a squad and just chill
doesn't be beautiful wait how high is
that oh my god I'm Sun creme de la creme
top ten in my to tee off I was look at
them chat is yesterday it was looking
like 1800 euros that's pretty much 1800
pounds to chat or a bowl into the middle
of the ocean it'd be nice you got like
drinks food or food I mean snacks and
you're on the boat for eight hours
bought if I was with like a group of
people and you just playing it between
like ten people then that's got that bad
ball for one person
fuck that this is where I'm gonna be
spending the next hour with my head in
this hall can't wait it's gonna be so
fun to help is what I down there and
this is my little month on I've got to
put on can't wait for that Anderson oh
boy oh boy it's not a thumb that can fit
my drink in that Jesus it's like a it's
like a sumo wrestlers thing
massage was really really good
to the point where halfway to be massage
that's her around so she could do the
top of my body and it was a deep tissue
massage and I fell asleep I woke up I
was like what did you go hadn't known
her where she was I was like I'm so
confused and that I host that what
happened she was like giving you a face
massage you fell asleep but like that
means she was touching my face and I
managed to fall asleep so I don't know
how much that book I've got I've now got
a in in a bit in the vagary tea
invigorated invigaron vagrant
invigorate and invigorated tea smells
nice data hot water in no rude
innovative in very gate I thank you in
vigor tube I think I invigorated I don't
say it figured that was good right
uh-huh
what was in that cream she massage tell
me holy shit outta the spa children was
kind of in the Sun chillin in a big-ass
chair look at that and they brought me
my menu that's a ridiculous de sized
menu and I'm the ridiculous Lisa
my suggestion is this is just the same
thing but wait a minute I think it is
lobster lobster ravioli
that's one ravioli ravioli nice no joke
at that meal within about three seconds
that was tasty oh yeah
Carolyn sister lobster a lot but the
meal as a whole was just trying garlic
prawns the sauce is incredible oh my god
there are ten they're an absolute tent
garlic prawns smells pretty cool because
it's got these genius window balcony but
the balcony windows
they've got solar panels built into
every single room yeah so we get Sun all
day long just create an energy for them
for the hotel that is so smart
and then I would have father on the roof
yeah sure but they've got pools and like
bars and hotels and stuff on them not on
the bloody balcony that's great
okay listen I love this hotel but
there's no nightlife no nothing to it
the other help he'll tell actually
doesn't like a he'll tell from here
it's got red lights this hotel over here
down there they've got live karaoke
every single night and then a champagne
party today we ever saw was my karaoke
and champagne you disappoint look at
that I'm back at a big fancy bill again
and I'm not at the races pirate I found
somewhere else instead I found a school
mixed paella paella yes please
yeah yeah I walked past like 10
restaurants just to get to this play oh
my lord this looks
you better know I savage that paia
look how much I salvaged it look at my
napkin my napkin looks like somebody
died that's disgusting
okay I'm gonna put you over there and I
will take more of this good stuff
pushing him buddy dude this sir how much
mess I made
they gave me a bottle of hot cleaning
water for my fingers oh my god oh my god
she was like would you like a disease
like now good so she was like to take a
look so she put the dessert menu down
now I've found buried Elephant Walk
saying Barrett who's this lucky Oh
oh my god Becky like Becky but Becky
okay this is just not even fair because
as a kid I always wanted these book my
mom and dad never let me have them
that's a good shout I'll bite inside so
Snickers three-part 3.3 year olds 85 for
a Snickers get at it yeah you know
you're not you when you're hungry and
for dessert I have a chocolate log also
known as a sniff Snickers Snickers ice
cream yeah I I got one just because it's
my dad's favorite ice cream I know it's
just kind of like my favorite ice cream
thanks that this one's for you dad
and this was on my bed
PS the flower but it flower bad the
parties do not miss the well-known
flower power parties are real trip back
in time to the best citizens how old do
these guys think I am staying at this
hotel
the parties are throwing both novita
where i am and for the man tira
formentera
for me or interior ok anyway it looks
pretty fun that's really far away and
his nobody tells them where or how to
get there
ok great story thanks without sin I am
going to get to my ass in bed I'm going
to sleep I am going to get cozy my
paella was very nice I'm so good I had
pie a with that said the pie yeah he was
great but I must sleep now so thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe ding dong
that bear will give you all the
notifications if one of those a new
video knows who knows small at 6 o'clock
snack still avoid because that's been
two videos in a row that fit on time
fucking genius so much love to you
phases and I'll see you guys then
after in the Spain Asadi OH
