all right what is it looking like in
glass greeghan today it's luck in here
not a toy but it's a new dawn it's a new
day we're staying at fresh fish Louis
it's kind of gone I feel like a bit of a
potato but this is my room yesterday we
walk in through the entrance way it's
beautiful it's place it looks nice we
walk into the shower it looks pretty
damn modern not gonna lie really like
this style like the mirror like the the
to sing like the poop place it's great
really nice good a/c unit in here really
comfy ass babe look at this look at this
style oh my lord I need to copy this for
the Shea's lounge and everything I need
to copy this to a tee for one of my
houses look at this wardrobe space it
looks so beautiful
and you know what I'm giving this hotel
probably like a design style of a 9 out
of 10 and then for comfort of bed you
know this hotel that the KOA in Scotland
Glasgow you're rockin yourself you're in
a net by the way is 50 uploads I'm gonna
go with ya 9.2 yeah
oh actually no minibar 9.99
you're not it's just a 9 I just have to
say right now we're gonna start doing
daily shoutouts to syndicate original
swag we're so and then the next show
that's gonna be break is Brian over
so today's shout-out is going out to rub
masters much love awareness syndicate
original royal design brand new
designers all brand new design as well
so much looks your face sir thank you
very much ah forget you guys want to get
the chance to get a shout out on a daily
basis then make sure you take a photo of
you wearing you Cynthia vigil swag tweet
me a pro syndicate precinct original at
syndicate og and you may get there so it
was like this lowest like explanation
but yeah that's how you do it Oh feeling
fresh ready Rock feel like I managed to
pull this something you know what this
is a weird getup
you know black jeans white raw t-shirt
from syndicate original with the grey
Jack
from all scenes you know what I think
it's a pretty good combination potato
face can't fix that that's a bad
combination and I'll take this because I
always keep a hotel room key from every
hotel I go to and I've got about 100 and
then when I gotta know if I'm gonna
cover an entire wall in hotel room keys
don't steal my idea it's really good
I've been collecting them for years I
probably need about 500 more so dear
hotels if you want me to show you your
hotel please send me an invite and I'll
come to your hotel even if it but thank
you well I thought I was nicely on time
this morning a Lindsey where is it
area is I mean we have less than 10
minutes to get to the Train have you got
the tickets have you got the tickets
Brian he's not even got shoes on I was
up fresh this morning ready to rock and
roll
Brian not so much not so much I don't
feel confident about being in this cat
when I just heard the statement of can
you see okay can you see okay do you
have a driver's license okay just
checking
go girl girl our train is at 11:15 and
it is currently 11:05 you've got this I
knew I was gonna get lipstick all over
that give me a hug totally just carrying
a cake to the train station this is not
gonna be difficult at all well we
finally made it to the destination and I
think we made it to the right train no
I'm just saying I think we made it
you screwed up well
oh we struggled yeah that's true we
rushed for a train we rushed for a train
and it's been cancelled so I do react
cursed travelers together cursed deep
layers deep blaze deep blaze dip dip dip
dip deep plays deep plays
water with 10 hints of unicorns back
this is why the Nintendo switch exists I
thought you could do this yeah so I got
this thing what I got this thing
specifically because I am which we
travel trains been delayed okay playing
quick-draw you go like this let you open
fire
laughs lesson boy lower your guns ready
steady
Oh again you got to go down okay okay
wait let's see was it close to Tommy six
is a second done Gate jump madam what am
I gonna put in today's exciting log oh
 that we missed our train
Sheila fact that we missed our train
goes in the vlog I was playing a bit of
Nintendo on the train I'm actually
supposed to be going to a family's
engagement bye
and I'm probably gonna miss that so
that's great and then and then if you
want you can go in it you never know
look so this is vlogging so you know the
front-facing camera on it so I literally
just talked that so when I'm out in the
middle of put like the public instead of
I just like a crazy person talking to my
camera self that's why I got this like
300,000 people will see this so here you
go
we met a farmer on the trainer seriously
we were played we were gonna play the
Nintendo Wii let milking game sorry wait
milking game just get a bit of reference
in it we were on the train we sat there
for ages and I don't able to think that
we're taking the piss with this old lady
she was so fun she was superb under us
and we were just joking back a she
was asking us things like what we knew
because we were like so young and cuz
she was all the Nerds were asking if she
knew stuff about like and I like a
generation of age so yeah Nakia like a
really small thing any went often she
got a Texas and she was like oh I've got
an email and you don't like can you get
an email on that thing and she was funny
and went with a joke so the entire
conversation you guys are about to hear
from here on out
he's just me and Brian having a laugh
with an absolute pleasant lady like I
got your email address I'm gonna stay in
touch with her and she was just really
really nice so I don't want anything
like well you're so disrespectful to a
woman because a very good judge of like
if songs taking a conversation and she
was totally cool with how we were like
hanging out Ryan so yeah we was we were
trapped on the train with the for about
six hours so we had a real good time oh
yeah you know we were trapped is the
train stopped right yeah so we were just
entertaining each other so hope you guys
enjoy this she's an absolute legend okay
so this is gonna records got the better
facial hair I mean she's a savage you
know but if you had to pick come on me I
like a 12 year old without it that's the
problem
I look like an absolute fetus I get ID'd
for I get ID'd to buy yeah yeah look on
your phone I'll call your phone on your
phone book in your phone look in your
full look in it watch my hunk open your
phone go on your photos in your phone he
knows you know how many Brian
it says storage full let me see let me
see
yes keep going keep going
I took that mini photo is that your
battery died seriously you're on 14% I
pressed it that many times that your
battery died oh my god
it's just a prank bro
well I'm a pheromone it proves that
language she's run away she left us she
had an email
we've been straight savage to her and
she's amazing
oh by the way I unplugged your phone for
the past 10 minutes blow your mind
well I hope so anyway Dario how about
them apples they and I'm wearing a kill
by the way I just thought I'd point out
yesterday yesterday just a son
no one likes it some did it well you
don't think it's all cracked Ettore no
we're indoors with windows oh yeah a few
even were quite moist I did not choose
the words where did you think I got the
name syndicate from oh that's wrong when
you're uploading your videos on YouTube
so it's indicator
yeah true except syndication like tick
to enable syndication and I was like
that joke you know I just was like but I
prefer just your so indefinitely reading
this magazine this this smile is only
getting bigger and 69p piece of not true
oh I didn't get an extra page okay that
was all the game I do need to yeah okay
well I'll get you know there's no why
drop me to email it to you
deal
who are you doing the first time first
how you went like this fist bump yeah
gone boom that's what the cool kids do
oh it's a fist bump and sure like this
one underneath you're the best
what about storms in you heard of storms
a
okay MC Smalley
see see I don't know CeCe the spy skills
and knows my skills while your savage
motorbike engines Kendrick Lamar
straight furrows what about what about
MC Hammer
you don't know him see what some cat
touches then and and and he's I know
Gangnam style you heard of Gangnam style
you know how to carry what about Justin
Bieber Never Say Never like you stuff do
you have a radio
no in the house
and what kind of TV do you know what
Netflix is it's not nothing
okay no dude all right guess what tinder
is guess it's on a phone it's not an
email it's it's like it's an app that's
something that we can use
think of sparking a relationship yeah
that's where the Tinder's came oh boy
well that's why I say we did what to do
with your fire yeah that's why it
started yeah yeah
but when you be - before you don't mind
oh my gosh
good say we should make you a tinder
account flush on the train for 40
minutes you can swipe right see what you
get
Dave my granddad Gordon
even though there's a 15 year difference
between the both of you kicked me out of
my house and you're gonna live in my
house now like Xena
hey yo in return I get your hundred
acres of London Scotland
don't get the farmers right all of it
full life trade
there's no sound like a great deal it
actually is not about a bad deal this is
you now pranking Brian so press press
that book the phone picked the press the
big white boy yeah and see how it
flushes it takes like that ho
so keep pressing it yeah like that and
you taking loads of photos on his phone
so yeah yeah pull loads of stupid faces
so when he looks at each phone you'll
see these pictures of you are you
getting some angles and I love it why
should you take this back stuff coffee
some more put these headphones on
Oh busy you might be the coolest person
you're amazing
are you having me on which am i cover my
getting off at this one of the next one
next one
are you sure if you're pranking me to
get me back for pulling this train I'm
gonna kill you the newspaper just a
normal 24 year old videos to put on the
internet most the time it's like it's
it's a male is between 16 to 24 year old
ooh watch my stuff so it's like you know
when I bump into her like white people
talking to you it's like I explained why
I understand you mean this probably no
I'm gonna give you a hug tell them
goodbye
I knew all this
oh well if you said if you spy him try
and see walking on the train back home
oh he's gonna miss you see you later
what an awesome person
Brian guess what what what did you leave
behind when you're into the bar bollocks
you're kidding me
guess what you left behind when you're
taking that photo with that girl Wow
oh I think I would know I think I would
show me how amazing that Toba I was like
I told her explain so I did and she did
it okay okay thank you how good Zach how
good is that she's in a legend right no
we're at Preston now I think it's a fun
train for us to get to our next
destination which is angel we got to get
a taxi to get us from Manchester to home
no impressed I think it went well I
think we've done very well it was
supposed to be back at one o'clock
I know it's nearly 5:00 p.m. just gonna
take a second again to just thank you
guys for being an immediate made them a
meeting yeah meeting an amazing audience
like seriously I know it's the little
things brought me and Brian just jumped
off the train and went to go through
Manchester ticket area but we left our
tickets on the train so we didn't think
we needed them
nervously we need it to get through
security so as we've got to do security
I was like oh my god Brian spent forever
looking for his tickets I'm like this is
gonna be a big kerfuffle they're gonna
make us check our names and what the guy
at the gate recognized me it was just
like oh dude that was like he was like
there's no way and I was like my guy
holding cake because I was like holding
my cake and he's like there's no way and
I was like what and then someone asked
for photo with me and I was like oh nice
to meet you looking forward he was like
there's no way was I can I get a full I
was like yeah sorry for that me standing
here my friends just looking for a
ticket and he was like dude you don't
need to like oh I actually thought you
were a picture in the background and
then I was like oh right because so
rather than going for all this walk
before fully just let us straight to and
I know it's not like a massive deal but
it's just a little things and it just
thought I've got a really really awesome
so I were to say thank you for just
being cool and I want to say thank you
don't know why I said thank you talk to
my audience yeah yeah for photobombing
every five seconds wait to see the vlog
in the karaoke place I got you good from
long distance I want to see if someone
spots the middle fingers in the distance
I love you
Brian steal it Brian steal it steal it
steal it feel it feel it oh no
the florist commitment all we just got
the Train I'm taking you to one of the
best restaurants ever glamorous in
Manchester
every second it just looks more and more
tasty - salt and pepper chicken Brian
it's not my favorite from this place my
favorite is from a different place but
this is the good stuff
I hope salt chick is very good oh okay
then so plot twist and pie
we just don't know you know welcome to
an engagement pie like you do not sure
yep - to help and happiness into a
successful marriage right that's that's
what you say right yeah hey hey I think
you've got something to show me
oh yeah hey I'm sorry that that is a
really nice logo on the phone
oh that looks good oh I like it I like
it I like it I like it
oh hell yes that's badass DoCoMo
I contribute to the wedding
congratulations on your engagement
I've got a major cake I the Gilda black
girl told you to make it I made it I
made this in Scotland whilst doing a
meal and I brought it the entire way by
train which should have taken three
hours what took seven so merry birthday
okay I mean marry wedding Cheers hey
listen I know it's their engagement but
you did not have to buy me a mini ham a
mini Pharma ham for me to slice OOP
little kid I got ya stay away from sharp
knives
do we even introduce you today introduce
you Keith this is the Irish Irish this
is Keith Oh Calvin so Calvin Harris big
fan of the news dude you knew your new
out you new song that came out great
and this is his brother okay bye I guess
I won't introduce you so awesome and you
all think we're like archenemies you are
how good this guy is you've got
to do some a nice image
oh I did not even pick up on what went
down this guy hey Cal not by the
way mate what's not this is the bedroom
created in my youtube channel is this
the window no no no no no that windows
in the other one I saw the front this is
actually this is actually the bedroom
and I create my youtube channel and yeah
this is it this way I'm a big 42 inch TV
on the wall this is everything I've made
my computer in the corner I had my xbox
360 I have a single bed took two under
that cupboard there and now if we walk
down to the end over here this was my
office this is where I grew my youtube
channel look I'm a alright I think
I recognize my teddy bear
as you all my Xbox games I don't know
all that stuff is all my why's my
keyboards all my crap oh you're sure
this is the swag wall crazy my first
ever game ahead of their close ones that
Air Force Ones Expo ones really cope
your pockets DPP oh where is it is
somewhere it's somewhere I got what I
just got which in these drawers but
machinima stickler oh my god what the
Evan a card old stickers that are used
to design crazy oh dude the old xbox web
cam yeah all the razor blade laptop just
chillin up there just kicking it kicking
a chill jeez it's huge what is that Oh
bro I never installed it Abram heed your
live game HD capture card a fault
there's a long time ago thinking it
would go up in money one day I don't
know if it ever will maximum carnage do
you look sedition about this for ages I
just figured one day this may turn into
like a million dollar toy
Romilly now yeah proper all controls
look at that old syndicate Mari control
that someone sent me oh this this was my
first ever sponsored controller first
ever spot mods armory they drop you know
he's a Grizzly's yeah they dropped me
fizzes aggress first-ever scuf
controller look that's the first ever
designing had oh my god that was the
 back in the day it was so much
 fun oh they sent me another one
as well green one loved it absolutely
loved it first first ever time I went to
EA headquarters they gave me a load of
Sims stuff they gave me every Sims game
it existed
I think I've got a mic in here somewhere
you might kill all a little white yeah
of course you can cut okay absolutely
yeah but look how convenient login I
could just keep this in my pocket and
just walk all the time I look like all
the police bottom I mean that was kind
of weird have a bit more distance to me
I feel like this is what I need just to
make my blogs a little bit bad rather
than holding it this close how do you
like this so you can actually see what's
going on look at this dead German when
you got me this selfie stick when I
started YouTube my dad went over this
company was like yo if you give me some
free stuff my song will promote your
company I was like no long I like I
never agrees that but they're not so
random I've done it secure deal with the
moon was like you've gotta give him a
shout I was like no deal I actually made
this for an entire bank so I actually
like a stick even though I look like I'm
walking around this office tick
okay there's $100 there a feeling hell
yeah take care that's the wish Oh bro oh
wait where's the flip cam oh there there
it is the first oh gee vlogging camera
yeah dude look at that I might do daily
daily vlogging me that holy as if
I've just found this whoa
no way I'm I thought besides New Year's
nothing in here get ready for 480p
products baby doesn't
dude that was what Shaykh Ali used to
use yeah that was the what look how
simple bodies for vlogging and then
every wonder comes looks great even
worse camera
yeah well it's a decoration cake I was
supposed to open it to like open it what
it was until you butcher
no but I've been very careful not last
you shot either paper I did meet some of
the people who made it and they look
trustworthy but there could be anything
in that cake to show the woman you've
made a cake did not sure it's some
really nice-looking cake actually I'm
just messing with you okay maybe not now
wait sixteen years old what do you think
odd you don't happens oh because he
keeps going and keep going people just
given way to zoos the little hundred
moment yeah so I went to the zoo
recently and they were just like yeah we
just gonna give them it's my hot it's my
it's my and you don't have any
responsibilities right to go back
dude you're more than welcome you've got
you got a house there you've got dude
you've got a bar cool Sinha
you've got transportation to get around
you could like ubers around here if you
think about them dude your own
you've got me in the farm you can use my
cell uh you can stream my 7:26 here
they're young
all right Brian Stann for a few days
then sorry there's gonna be someone
watching going is Tom stood there naked
you know why because it's a glass floor
hey Brian look up Oh on that bombshell
Alice Thank You heaven thank you stop
dad being there thank you very much for
watching make sure you leave a like
subscribe
ding dome it bell and i'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog wait Alice you got to do a study
horse dude
I'm Brian Brian Brian would you study us
dude see you guys
