ah yes starting today nice fresh and
motivated it's a beautiful day outside
and you know when it's a beautiful day
outside I usually stay indoors that's
like that's my own thing to do you know
who also does this sort of thing when
it's beautiful days outside
Khalfan father it's what time is it it's
quarter past three you have to do cars
are all playing for tonight I don't know
how his games panning out for him but
there's 97 left let's hope he secures
that w I'm speaking of Cal your boys
managed to get a new video rendering out
right here right now how long's your
video 22-minute video rendered in like
60 minutes 17 minutes not bad not bad
not bad but let's just finish you'll be
able to find a link to this video on
this channel in this video's description
if that wasn't complicated enough I
don't know what it is but if you guys
haven't checked out soon to come on out
go ahead and do so but what a boy look
at that we are this is this is why I
love being under a hundred thousand cuz
it's so easy to work out the percentage
but you just percent on the end of how
many subscribers so right now we are
seven eight point zero five five percent
of the way to 100k subscribers I like
that I like that a lot but I tell you
what that is crazy thing less than
twenty nine thousand nine hundred and
ninety seven from this picture away from
getting one of those youtuber plaques
that can't wait for it cuz you guys know
that I'm obviously already hit 100k
subscribers cuz I've got one channel a
with nearly mmm close to ten million
subscribers and then I got this channel
with over a million subscribers so when
you hit 100k back in the day
you didn't actually use to get a 100k
plot it was only a million the million
was this goal plot it was so epic it was
so much higher get in it and obviously
there wasn't too many people who had it
but you better know you've always got to
here it is syndicate central I really
need to try and get this blast sent away
I know it sounds dumb and I'm probably
gonna ruin it but if I can get this
glass sent away and get this changed to
life of time I will do but obviously
that's not what the channel was called
at the time it is what it is but look
you've got I think it's a piece of metal
dipped in 24 karat gold like each it's
just got like a coating on it and yes it
is 24 karat gold not the whole thing
otherwise you cheap would would severely
be in debt okay I've got my other
congratulations for surpassing
1 million subscribers and this time what
they allowed to happen with this is
because that channel was just like a
like a channel name rather than like a
logo they allowed you to put your logo
on him and I really like that I wish
they would've done it in white saw
because sadly they didn't do that 100k
subscribers thing back then what they
used to do back then which I think it
might actually be in this frame down
here Steven
excuse me can you shift thank you
I got you Steve welcome to the line room
so back in the day am i right in saying
this yes you delivered the audience now
we're delivering the rewards to
commemorate your milestone of 100,000
YouTube subscribers
please accept without congratulations
this customized HD SLR camera case so no
or did you get a camera case I even got
like 100 200 or like $500 in vouchers to
this website where you could go you can
redeem and then you can basically get
yourself like a new camera a new
whiteness um what but you never got like
a hundred K Platt they stopped doing
that because I think Jimmy's channels
were hitting 100k and it was costing
more money to send out like you know
camera equipment than it was to be able
to just go out here as a plug so that
all Platts used to be this one right
here for a million and then you got like
the camera bag but then when they
stopped doing the camera bag they
changed it to I say this right rather
than it being like me like this big here
imagine it this big and I was holding it
like that in my hand but a silver button
inside it same congratulations you know
on surpassing 100,000 subscribers so
then like all youtubers in the modern
day era as we speak right now here we've
got like over 100k subs all had these
cool little glass frame ones with a
silver play button in it but I never got
one just because they weren't past that
point in time to be able to redeem oh
because when your channel automatically
rolls over that say that number where is
100k
million and then 10 million for Dimond
I'm exhausted up and downstairs like
twice well when you roll over that
number say you know 100k a million or 10
million you get an email to your channel
being like congratulations redeem here
now you could be like Tom did you get
that email when you hit 10 million
subscribers you know what the answer is
I don't know we should probably check
that but all the channels back then had
the glass frame with the silver plaque
in it until they changed it to this
some weird kind of like evil wooden or
material within like a silver light kind
of coat unlike the inside like it's in
embedded into it I indent it into it and
it does look nice like I've seen other
youtubers with it I might do like it it
does look good it makes sense for it to
be like that instead of the one that is
downstairs just simply because you know
how heavy those things out there crazy
nearly every YouTube that I know like
when there's a heat wave in like a
country something
there's melts the glue melts falls off
the wall and smashes to pieces so
luckily mine's still rockin and rollin
which is great but when this channel
hits 100k subscribers we're gonna get
one of these ones right here and who
knows if we could get one of these by
the end of next year
Oh that'll be sick it's nice to get
myself a victory al for the right out
channel and oh my god was that good
gameplay you know how I was unlike that
health Brian it was like feeling good
feeling great well I loved it I
absolutely loved it but you know one
thing that you can't get when you're on
a health grind and all that sort of
stuff Joey you can't get it is a clue
this is clue number one
this is clue number two almost there
we've just got to add the secret
ingredient yes
you better know we got some roast
chicken in Thiem crisps and you're ready
for the crunch are you ready for it oh
yes and take two oh my god that looks
good and it's time for the taste test
one coffee please
I could say I've had a really productive
day after I had that Chris sandwich but
that would be a line oh it's be fair Tom
that is actually wrong I've actually got
a video uploaded here that you guys saw
me being like yeah I got it I got it
edit it I saw it out some did me a
thumbnail for it which I absolutely love
and I've got another video uploading so
come at me by the way you always see me
wearing this shirt right now when I'm
like in the house cuz I'm like all
tonight in between shirts because when
I'm recorded I'm wearing this shirt to
promote this shirt because it says did
you guys know that as to the original
we've launched this new design if you
want to get it I believe it's called
venture
yeah you can tell I came up with the
name of that can yeah I believe ever
named this one like we kind of like take
it in turns going around of being like
who's got an idea throw it in the Hat
does it does it sound good doesn't it
sound good and then that way we're like
yeah work go for it sure what what your
names have I got four t-shirts right now
one says let's have a look right let's
have a look at this one
this one is called the origins why is it
called origins because I'm from a UK but
I always went to the US so it's the US
and the UK flag together so that's
origins then we've got the can you can
you believe what that one's got guys I
always named this one the big s yep
that's what that one's got the big s
this one right here is called the Royal
not the Royal the Royal it was crispy
but first look at the detail there have
an absolutely crush that we have a
question which shows do you guys prefer
from my syndicate originally let me just
throw them out here right now we lay
them down when it comes to syndicate
original do you guys like it where it's
like you know say a bit of like the logo
thrown in there like this shirt right
here it's got the logo when it's aliens
in it and stuff like that but a distance
you wouldn't go like oh that's a
youtubers shirt because it's got like
their YouTube name written straight
across it isn't like you know like this
one right it anyone could wear this cuz
it looks like the British like a US flag
at the same time and there you've got
just the syndicate logo which people
will just represent familiar and this I
think is one of our most popular designs
so what my question is is do you guys
prefer it where the line logo is in it
like the syndicate lion logo because
obviously that's a representation of
like me and that is what you know it's
on the crest of every sure like look
it's on every single arm so I'm that one
that one that one if I might sat there
and I look around some of that and I see
on someone's shoulder like the sleeves
there I'm like I love it and I have
actually got up two people before being
like that's my shirt and now like I have
no idea who you are in the slightest and
get the hell away from me so the
awkwardness aside I want to know what
you guys prefer wear it just like a
random design that you can wear anywhere
and everywhere or do prefer it when it
is more hinting towards kind of like you
to be style or just a big fat syndicate
logo cuz you know I try and do shirts
that I can just wear anywhere and
everywhere which if I can find one in
here like oh oh my god look at this this
is such a joke shirt but now for my
favourite shirt right now is the coat of
arms from the front looks dead sleek my
favorite color is white
I love white a little red look how sleek
that design looks together Evan killed
that right there but the buck design is
a coat of arms I'm from England coat of
arms are very important honor and glory
but I had all these little things in it
which I like this is a shirt you could
wear anywhere more importantly it's like
a back print so you like you're carrying
it with like pride and all it just looks
sleek and this here is a shirt that I'd
say isn't just like a big like logo on
the t-shirt but what do you guys prefer
do you prefer something that is like
sleek and
can wear anywhere or do you prefer a big
syndicate regional logo because for one
of our next shirts a lot of people have
been like you go back to doing one of
just you're lying just like the first
ever shirt we released it's supposed to
look like it's got holes in it's like a
texture of fact this is one of the first
ever syndicate shirts we did wear it was
a line going across the shoulder and it
looks dope when you wear it looks
absolutely sick but we kind of stepped
away from doing things with a line
because we thought it wasn't different
and I thought you know from different
t-shirts like you know I look at that
and that it's just lion lion whereas
this is like you know lying on the front
but that epicness on the back I really
want to get your guy's opinion of what
direction we should do for next shirt
should we do something really line
orientated or should we stick to what
we're doing which is like mixing things
up doing things different and you know
just keeping things fresh basically whoa
hold the goddamn phone I'm talking about
like feedback from you guys what some of
that I've just remembered that I've
always wanted to do is I want to do a
community competition there's so many
talented people out there who watch
these videos and always recommend like
Oh Tommy you should do this was sure
that's what she doesn't want that so I
think it's time that get Alice and the
team together to know that we're gonna
do a community design t-shirt we've been
supposed to be doing this for like
absolutely yonks now I think we should
get organized with a competition where
you guys can like send an email in your
designs of something we pick like the
top ten we do a votes getting to like
top three and then between the top three
we do another vote like give away some
prizes for like top three or something
designs and then the top design that we
choose we released as a syndicate shirt
so if that sounds like a good idea and
that we should do it you know obviously
I'm taking on board your guys feedback
and if you are gonna be creating one of
the designs for the community you get
down below as well read the comments and
like a question I think I could ask is
like what is that a good idea I think it
really is because it's something we've
always wanted to do but what are your
guys favorite shirts I want you to go to
syndicate original now go check out the
jumpers the hoodies the t-shirts or
whatever I want you to go to the website
just take a look and be like what is
your favorite show what do you like most
what would you most likely wear comment
it down below cuz man without a doubt
right now is the long-sleeve coat vamp
or I want to know what is your favorite
design like have you guys actually got a
shirt like if you got like a hoodie a
shirt or any merchant said you get
regional if not don't stress I still
want to know what your favorite design
is so leave a comment down below and if
I can get Alison everyone to get this
organized so we can do it in a properly
structured way we can maybe do a
community competition for a shirt as
which I think could be pretty sick well
guys I have to go now because I'm we
have to get this video edited or
uploaded I've got to take care of all
these thumbnails for the far down videos
that I've got coming but like I said I
will have some fortnight going up
tonight so if you want to check it out
I'll put a link down description so if
you're watching this video right now go
subscribe to syndicate right out only if
you like battle royale check out the
latest gameplay give it a light gray say
the vlog sent here and once again I
really appreciate support on that
channel but the question that I just saw
on Twitter right now have I heard
anything about the not flamethrower that
answer is no other no phone calls like
the police I've had no communication or
anything I spoke to a local police
officer that I know and he said that
there is for no reason or circumstance
that the police officer in question has
the right to arrest you to get a warrant
to search your house even though he's
considering the not flamethrower as an
offensive weapon or like you know like a
modified weapon you know from like
firearms search I won't be there's been
no circumstances where I'm using it
inappropriate for him to have the rights
to come into my house or to even arrest
me to take it off me like they may say
they want it but they've got no rights
to go off to say about there's a reason
for having it so it's a bit of a it's
still up in the air and we don't know
where things are so as soon as I know
way more information I will let you guys
know but I have to go now
I'm gonna do a live stream if you want
to find out if I'm watch you know what
to be following me I'm gonna tell you
anymore you should know so until then
push 20 faces I'll see you tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next vlog
I saw the horse
