you can't see anything but it's
currently seven o'clock in the morning
and I'm starting my day I can't wait to
get into this barbers and get me a
haircut I absolutely rush to get aches I
thought my appointment was at half-past
two but it's not but it's good ol boys
time and time for a trim hey this this
guy right here is the legend so is going
to take me from being a potato to being
a bit more of a nice-looking potato I do
tape it in I always say fading bullets
and then shorter down on top textured
but I've got to thank this guy so much
cuz I may or may not have rang him at 12
o'clock the other night sorry about that
by the way it was like please can you
fit me in I'm sick you do for live
streams are looking like a potato and he
managed to squeeze being good like look
is the entire board is completely fully
booked and he's booked up for like three
weeks online and he got me in self you
ever need a haircut the man to go far
right here in G cross if he's not too
busy I'll get you started
everyone's gonna think Nicky sneaking up
so I could sneak it no no no no you wait
oh the good old boys do me good oh my
gosh you don't know how long I've been
waiting to get this hair caught he's
honestly so fully booked up that I like
writing you've drugged Gotama got me on
gay being like I'll sell you my bloody
soul to get a haircut and he was like
you know what I can fit you in a costume
one day so I should get the haircut
I went on you phone to you settings and
loaded your ringtone to scare ya oh good
right is that good
we got you love me really don't good on
it I was like the fact that you have two
for me I was like I can get on a phone I
can load up a ring toward and I can make
it such things a phone's ringing we
launched a new t-shirt oh you didn't
know we launched a new teacher at the
venture t-shirt very nice online right
now but as you can see it's busy as
always should we fire her
she got flu everyone's got the flu I had
seriously everyone's got it apparently
my dad's really cool as well I've given
everyone I've given it everyone and I'm
fine now so that we don't have the flu
when they do well I had the flu I get I
was think I was the start of the virus I
was what did he call him I was the
initial carrier
I was the outbreak I gave it to everyone
when I was ill and now I'm fine so it's
like I can't stay - I'm just games about
Kim hold - bye oh right this morning I
woke up at like 7 o'clock in the morning
and I was like you know what I'm feeling
weird let's do let's start the day fell
back asleep till 2 p.m. my hair caught I
thought was at 2:30 p.m. wasn't here was
it - so I rushed out my bedroom run
downstairs - here and my dad was in the
basement like tom if you got minions
feet - I was like not really but you're
going he was like I've got something to
show you dad having a time
got on it so I have to run out the door
and abandon my dad and my dad said he
fixed all my problems and ladies and
gentlemen introducing my brand-new
gaming setup for 2018 and Milan baseman
Chara
would seem like my dad has got a little
bit of an organization streak himself
we've got the awesome setup over here
with the one keyboard and screen looking
awesome we have the syndicate but why
thing over here which sure wouldn't miss
to commemorate your mouse on a hundred
thousand subscribers you're sincerely
from YouTube nice I got AI got a fan out
of saying syndicate but why you know
like you do get the gaming laptop over
here looking 666 and then you've got
this the machinima plaque that I got
given we need to put this in a new frame
that I got given when I actually bought
this house or when I bought this house
the machinima guys all signed this which
like I loved species like for is signed
in everyone but they all clutches maybe
so problem not too sure what's going on
here but my dad's made himself the
master gaming self here so proud of him
I'd work said Mondays and Tuesdays and
he's usually hit working here till half
past four and as you can tell by the
watch on my wrist it is not hot passport
it's currently 3 o'clock so I just run
you me like where do you think you won't
get your ass back to work and he said
he's always waiting so we'll wait to see
what he has to say Tommy I got one
really good I'll show you
dad this is the best setup I've never
seen him alive you have to think out of
the box ok wait if I was you what have
you done think out the box yep yeah yeah
yeah yeah so there's like a blank wall
gonna cross the back really oh my god
I'm sorry right now talking about life
you know oh machine emission of
machinima but I'm sorry
and it's the 3rd of September which
officially means it's my eighth year
anniversary of my youtube channel
youtube.com 5s that syndicate
this needs freaking saving forever I'm a
machinima contract as of the 18th of the
11 2010 YouTube channel
/the syndicate project and game videos
online whoa that yeah this is my og
contract oh my god - getting paid two
dollars per thousand views mark oh oh a
hundred percent I didn't used to have a
real job
all right a real job you think you're
doing McDonald's worker pay slit we did
we get right to work when you buy yeah
if you look at this look that's the face
that used to be regular hours 23 hours I
put in at a rate of four pound 35s boyis
gonna get that people don't have to pay
national insurance code damn it but make
myself a good apple whopping 125 quid
get on my level may I think he says here
the amount I've earned up until this
point in 2009 with 1,200 pounds
McDonald's may I put in the time I put
in the hours how do you think I afforded
my YouTube equipment putting the hustle
how's your number-one fry boy you better
know it rate quick change of plan look
at me looking all sharp and all fresh
yeah it's not every time you usually see
me wearing a shirt with no colour but
it's literally all I kind of had left in
there that I could wear so this is what
we're going and where we're going right
now is to a kind of a wait I think I'm
right in saying awake he's after a
funeral where people go for drinks I'm
not going drinking I'm just going that
say hello and pay my respects Ivan cuz
of family friends grandma died
unfortunately so I'm going over there
say hello to everyone and then I'm gonna
come back we're gonna raise a spirits
and we're gonna have a lovely evening
because I have to make my 8 year
subscribe the video tonight I don't
exactly know what I'm gonna make
I think it's just gonna be like her
total here's YouTube amazing just talk
about a few little memories and stuff ah
but yeah it's it's you know going from
something quite certain to something
quite positive so you know you've always
got to keep your spirits lifted in times
like this like how about a grandma and
granddad both I and Mandakini the
shittiest time ever but you know it's
just part of life in the moment you
realize that it's just part of life and
you've gotta learn to to deal with that
and move forward as tough as it can be
it does get easier and as sad as it is
the chances are that all do you get the
more common it becomes like going to
funerals and people passing away and you
know I haven't had you know knock on
wood like something as major as I am or
my dad passed away you know kinda meant
a lot to me but these guys I see like I
don't like nearly day-to-day basis so it
can be really sure we just gotta keep
gentle 19,000 hours later I finally
managed to import all the voyage of the
footage from yesterday which now which
is 5 hours and 45 minutes worth of
footage to edit down that's a lot of
editing oh my gosh the fortnight
tournament I'm watching ninja spectator
oh my god oh my God look how small the
stories book how small the stories oh my
god what's gonna happen I think he's one
because he's got more help oh oh oh my
god oh my god well don't oh my god that
was insane
second win of the night one right here
of what right here only four kills this
time but I've been messing around with
snipers and the more and more I use a
sniper the more and more wins again good
yeah can we just stop everything for a
second because yesterday when I was
going through all my stuff in the
basement being like oh this is like an
old memory or in all this or something
like that
I found that packaging on the package
you said Tom what games do you play like
offline wait you're not streaming it
recording like what do you play for for
no just to like de-stress or something
like that and I replied seem like I
usually just play fortnight now when I
play fallout and do get very stressed
out let's just be honest right now
because it's a very intense game but I
didn't realize until read the comments
of that was a complete lie there is a
game that I always always play offline
and I never stream it I never make
videos on it and that game playing
simple right now as I'm saturated in
these runescape I absolutely love this
game and if if you don't know what
runescape is if you've ever seen like
World of Warcraft or an RPG or anything
like that it's an MMO RPG where you
create your character you've got levels
you can level up whether you want to
attack monsters attack players if you
want to build things in the game if you
want to complete quests and do stories
as to fire there's so much you can do
now this game is the ultimate time
wasting game and very known for is afk
which means away from keyboards so like
you can you know go and chop down a tree
and say it takes 30 seconds to chop down
that tree
what else you chopping down the tree you
can be doing something else in the mean
time so when you see me editing doing
this I can be progressing my character
over here on the right so it's a really
good game to feel invested in because
you know you build up your character
your levels your equipment your army all
this sort of stuff and you can play with
friends like you can go attacking
monsters to get the players together go
on quests to go also stuffy so it it's a
really fun game but oh my god does it
take over your life I put all my time
and all my effort
game I used to play Call of Duty 4 and
runescape and just know wipe the hell
out of it so like 6 o'clock in the
morning every weekend whenever I could
like nearly I should have failed all my
GCSEs but I like passed all of them with
good grades somehow basically I used to
play it all day all night everything
like that and I'd loads a gold mine
count like 78 million loads of items
loads of everything and it was like I
was so proud of it it was my best I
can't I ever had I was like a lot of 100
and something and a lot was called like
dominate a woman won I was like yeah I'm
so proud of my epic I'm a beast
until one day I logged on to my account
when I logged on to my account safe like
you play Minecraft er you you log in in
you then and you run off somewhere I
save it log out when you log back in
your way you thought you should be well
I logged into my account and long behold
I wasn't where I thought I should be
I had no armor like say like diamond
armor and minecraft was all completely
gone my weapons were gone when he was
gonna run some a bank account was
completely gone and I was I felt sick I
honestly cried my eyes out because I was
like oh my god I got hacked oh my god
what the heck happened I didn't know
whether it was someone from my school
because the next day I went to my school
like high school and like yeah right I
was like looking at everyone like me
Morgan I'm like who stole my gold who
stole my gold and I was like ready to
actually fight mother truckers by like I
was about to dropkick someone in the
face and and it wasn't until sit like
say six years later I was working with
girls I managed to get one my good
friends a job there he was gonna get
like employed by McDonald's at a
different store and I spoke to my
imagine was like he came to work here
he's a good friend of mine we can travel
to work together and he lives right next
to me oh yeah totally so they might I
managed to get in the job at my local
branch and everything was perfect and it
wasn't until I thought you know what I
always did kind of have a suspicious
feeling as to why he kept playing
runescape and I quicks I lost everything
like what I lost everything that quit
for good so rather than asking him I put
him in the scenario said oh do you
remember that time when you nipped all
that goal of my account and he was like
yeah I died on the inside 17 years old
finding out that my old childhood best
friend that used to play this video game
with like day-in day-out nicked all my
runes getting cold on the inside I was
dead but on the outside I was like he
was like yeah ya mean Eddie logged on to
your account traded it to his over
account then we split it and I felt sick
I couldn't believe that his friend that
I he meant so much to me as a friend not
only that but like we used to play
runescape together all the time
about level dummy he was like like he's
such a bad player and admitted to taking
all my gold off my account and stopped
me from playing basically my favorite
game ever and to that day I'll always
hold the grudge so Danny big wood and
calling you out right now inflation
bitch you owe me a billion but basically
Danny big wood logged on to my account
stole my runescape called and to this
day I will forever hold the grudge
because I honestly my mom my mom even
felt bad for me I came home to like go
upstairs into my life like Lola epic
game his help went to play college ball
and play runescape and boom all my
progress had done everything they've
done like yeah I started but levels my
account was still there but what was the
point in playing that if all the ethnics
i've done like would cut in to get these
weapons and items was just gone because
he stole it all so that was the story
about how my childhood best friend stole
all my runescape gold off me it might be
a game that goes over a lot of people's
heads but it's coming out on mobile
phone it's like coming out on iOS it's
already out on Android at the moment
it's free to play and if you feel like
you want to progress through it then
after you've done free-to-play you can
do membership and you get better weapons
items and the thing is about this game
is it used to be just a the developers
did whatever they wanted however they
wanted and it was like ah they ruin the
game it just became an absolute pile of
 which then became runescape 3 which
is its entire own game but this game is
not called runescape or runescape 3 it's
called old school runescape and it's
absolutely amazing it's got a team of
developers who helped make the original
one back in the day and instead of going
we're gonna make this I'll we're gonna
write that or you know just ruin this
game like so people don't like it every
new piece of content that comes out into
it the community votes on and if the
majority of the community doesn't vote
YES on an item so to bring out a new
weapon that's absolutely epic but 75% of
the community don't say yes to put it in
the game it doesn't get put in and it
gets shifted to the side so really
really cool way with how they do this
game and I absolutely love it but one
and it will take over your life because
it's so damn addictive say you want to
be able to get to like level 75 well you
get a lot of 35 you unlock that weapon
you then afford that weapon you get that
weapon but then at level 8 it is
something better you can get well then
to get from 75 to 80 that can take like
24 hours and the crazy thing is of this
game to get from one to ninety-two is
only the halfway stage I believe
from getting from 92 to 99 so it's an
absolute massive hustle and if you do
embark on playing this game I wish you
all the best of luck it is really fun
play it in moderation and may you enjoy
the world of runescape and so what
should have been a simple question of
yeah just old school runescape go and
enjoy it go check it out if you want to
someone ended up being a massive
storytime with Tom of how my old best
friend robbed me so yeah absolutely
madness thank you very much for watching
today's vlog I hope you enjoyed it I'm
sorry went a bit like disappearing when
I went to the awake but you know I
wasn't gonna go there and film I saw a
thing it was really inappropriate if I
was gonna do that so we've now got the
fresh trim we're playing runescape we're
gonna get the vlog at it and I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the X
day but and if somehow you're still
watching this after I just went on the
absolute mad run about runescape I did
indeed load a brand new video to the
royale channel so if you guys want to go
check it out run sixty six thousand
subscribers and the best thing about
this is we're on the road to 100,000
subscribers it's so easy for me to go
with sixty six point one four nine
percent of the way to a hundred case if
you guys want to go and subscribe and be
some of the first subscribers before
100k then make sure you go there
subscribe or if you're a big fan of bar
L content because that's all I'm posting
on this channel where it's long
gameplays or short clips or anything go
check it out go subscribe and if you do
like the videos make sure you drop a
like rating so I'm gonna go thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like green subscribe
Dino notification Bell I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. issue for the next
day of love as always ha d course no
seriously you've been warned RuneScape's
really addictive don't play it
