look who's here your if anyone air needs
themselves an alarm clock to wake you up
at the most random times of the day I've
got a garden for sale
aka my granddad because if your alarm
doesn't work he sure as well will blow
me neck a nice day
what are you doing hello that I tell me
come on in oh you're just my healthy
yogurts ish and then you've got monsters
how are you sat there in a jumper and
not sweating your nipples off Wow bye
granddad goodbye now drive save we are
starting today very nice and late seven
minutes past 8:00 in the evening
absolutely lovely jubbly only just
managed to get the vlog uploaded 51
minutes ago so sorry for yesterday's
being late but your boys being
productive look at this got a fortnight
video render it out um you know I've got
this rendering out right now I actually
already did this and it's uploaded on
YouTube ready to go light light even Sam
made a thumbnail fright let me show you
this real quick watch some even made a
thumbnail for it leech looks absolutely
epic but then you guys have heard me
speak about James an absolute bunch now
James sorry the gameplay you can hear in
the background is currently Cal playing
G always with me and but I'm gonna try
and come you what's that okay that's Cal
muted this is James and he's an absolute
wizard he honestly is an incredible
graphic design who one day just randomly
tweeted me something like hey Tommy
worked on this fear and it was amazing
absolutely fan of it and I was like dude
you are so talented so I've got this
video rendered out and whilst I'm
running out James sent me an intro for
my new royale channel if you guys don't
know about the royale channel you know
it's something that's like my baby we're
working on it we've grown it and it's
looking beautiful look at this amazing
little logo going on here so James took
the logo and was like yo I've made you
an intro and sorry you can hear Cal
again let's just mute him real quick
thanks for that car James took the logo
and decided to make an intro for it so
I've already got this video rendered
uploaded like look it's actually there
on YouTube ready to go and Sam's already
made the thumbnail for it but I'm
rerender it out again cuz the PC so
goddamn fast and so's Mia now because
check this intro that he's made me
look how sick this is so even though
I've got the video already uploaded like
ready to rock and roll
I've canceled it I'm deleting it and I'm
rerender it out all with just this
brand-new intro on it so James if you
see in this you're an absolute wizard
and if you guys want to go check out
this video with the amazing thumbnail
from Sam by the way I was just like can
you make us look like bad boys and he
made the thumbnail look like that how
good is that so if you guys wanna check
it out put a link down in description
it's on the new channel I know I always
talk about it on here you'll go
subscribe go subscribe but only go and
subscribe if you're like a fan of light
you know fortnight pope g gajala i'll
gameplay that saw stuff because that's
all that's being uploaded on there so
you want to go subscribe Luba down
description go check out the video enjoy
some wolf not now leads us to 11 past
8:00 at night and you know what it's
been a productive day could've got up at
like 9 o'clock in the morning and still
had a productive day instead but you
know how I work I just do what I do what
I do
transition transition I'm up for food
because I woke up so late I need some
scrip in my belly and a little muscles
got myself a San Pellegrino and what's
happened do a favor and now I'm waiting
on ribs and chicken I can see where I
went wrong kick I made a severe mistake
because I ordered ribs and chicken right
so when they asked me what saw someone
else but now I'm looking for sauce just
thinking up that was like a sauce on the
side and the ordered peppercorn sauce my
chips but they're not that many that my
ribs have come in sauced but and
seasoned so I just have a nasty-looking
rack of ribs don't taste bad book they
don't work right this is
this is a weird-looking dinner a salvage
day I took all the rib meat off the ribs
put it into a big pile threw some chips
on it put my peppercorn sauce on it
and I basically made a mountain of meat
and mountain of meat with peppercorn
sauce review phenomenal to say I wasn't
sure about my styling decision I am now
that was actually really good however
this chicken I tried in it was like
cleaning products I tell you you get a 6
out of 10
I am so tempted to keep this blog at
like 4 minute 20 Impala david dobrik but
by putting this out on the end of it
that then obviously takes it from being
a formula 20 vlog to like a five minute
but hold that thought surprise surprise
your boy finally got a haircut I'm
feeling fresh I'm feeling good one set
let me log out a runescape before I die
so I can quickly tell you guys about
something epic bro please ladies and
gentlemen you may have seen me tweet
about this today because if you're
watching this like you right now person
watching this I could just use my face
you watching this right now it's
currently the third of September 2018
which means if we go on over to YouTube
calm for word says syndicate
we click about over here we scroll down
ladies and gent
and gentlemen joined the 3rd of
September 2010 that means that as of
today officially I have been doing
YouTube like Dona Mirana I want to show
you guys a secret real quick
pause the celebrations earn on the
professional way let's try this one
again you saw me just show that my
youtube channel youtube.com forward
slash the syndicate project off on slash
syndicate was made on the 3rd of
September 2010 which is true I've
officially been through that YouTube
channel the channel that started my
career that started my everything I've
even by the way got a special video
coming out how this was my first ever
YouTube contract that I signed to allow
me to do like YouTube full-time because
I was 17 at the time when I started it I
needed my mum's signature on it to be
like yeah you can do it but on this
contract it says that YouTube grunts
arise for me to earn revenue of my
youtube channel currently located at
youtube-dot-com forward-slash the
syndicate project but it also says on
here including other URLs such as
youtube.com fold so I should gain videos
online now true goddamn story
as much as you guys know about this
channel I don't spoke about this over
the a year
me doing YouTube this channel right here
game videos online is a YouTube channel
with 20,000 subscribers where look seven
years ago uploaded it and if we go to
about this channel has existed since the
2nd of November 2009
so technically on the 2nd of November
this is when we should be celebrating my
if I'm right say so like if that if this
was 2010 I'm tonight yes
this should be my ninth year of doing
YouTube on this channel because this
channel I've had loads of YouTube
channels before it like look we got Tom
NC on here he you saw a YouTube channel
and I know he's private in all these
videos and look Tom used to have Tom MC
used to have 17,000 subscribers no joke
Tom MC used to be a much bigger youtuber
than me like back in the day I had like
100 200 subscribers and Tom NC use of
like 10,000 I know he was used to be
like Tom Tom Tom like give me a shout
out give you a shout out but any never
would or anything like that because he
used to post like some remixes and all
that sort of stuff and I absolutely just
wanted to make it as a youtuber and
Tommy Colin was bigger than me but he
quit and when he quit I carried on going
with my own YouTube channel and where I
am today
so again as much as you may know this
channel for being the syndicate project
we've nicknamed nearly 10 million
subscribers we're getting close guys
we're only we're only 51,000 like four
hundred away from hitting 10 million
again ball game videos online was a
channel where like me and a group of
friends used to do like a group YouTube
thing and we don't load like trailers
all sorts of stuff like gameplays just
messing around anything like there's so
much to fly look I've got a nuke on
rusty Nick got half a million views I
made a Star Wars c4 glitch does it even
work is this me I just thought it'd be
going to show what Y is like so yeah
just build me up you guys there's me
making stupid videos of tutorials of how
to do glitches and look there's like I
got four nukes in a row uploaded eight
years ago
but this is where I used to load all my
old multiplayer stuff like a lot of
people don't know that I was a massive
multiplayer like college you guy and
like that's how I did it like look at
this at an m2 b2 unbelievable kill feed
what what actually happens there
oh man I've got music oh man let's go I
proceeded getting the kill feed oh let's
go boys all boys let's go ah keep her
going ah fuck trap for day and then I
died our baby was not but this is the
sort of concert I used to post it was
truly the case of if I actually had any
sort of phone clip that I'd like yep
feel like uploading an upload it and
that's like how my youtube channel
became to be my youtube channel I did
whatever I wanted however I want it and
I loved it so as much as I've been doing
YouTube for eight years and were gonna
celebrate that today I'm gonna try and
get a main Channel video I'll talk about
this piece of paper here and like how I
like I got to where I am today I do have
to say I've been doing it even longer we
gained videos online and I feel like
that's why I've got so much love and
passion for syndicate Royale because you
know if I've got fall we've hit 60,000
subscribers on the channel because this
channel right now like look if you if
you scroll down 20 minute game playing
90 minute gameplay and then like a 2
minute gameplay right there I want to
just upload whatever I want to this
channel just for the sake of it I don't
know if the pressures on my shoulders if
I only posted the best gameplay if it's
a funny clip or something stupid or a
kill feed or someone that I just want to
post it to this channel and that's
exactly what I'm gonna do
don't worry about YouTube's compost I
said okay I'm still be posted on my
zombies and all that sort of stuff to
there but if anything Battle Royale
it's all going to hear like they may see
you mate it's a battle royale on the
actual main charge just to promote this
channel but crazy to think that after
all this time of eight years of doing it
I've actually got this like look I've
got a back catalogue like if you go
through this like there's trailers of
light film trailers that used to upload
because there's nothing wrong with like
reloading a trailer and it could I help
your channel grow and that's like what I
used to do but look at this iPhone 4 +
HD controller review of filming
vertically I should probably put
together like a really well edited video
on my main channel of like welcome to
game videos online you know how it took
me from being here like no direction of
what I wanted to do like a lot in
trailers like gameplay videos like
random vertical videos and stuff like
that to then being where I am today we
let you know like a very focus like this
is like what I do this is the high
quality content I produce and then it
led me to get intimidated well
ten million subscribers twice and then
maybe a third time but we'll see about
that but yeah just crazy and if you're
one of the people who went from watching
Yvonne get videos online you know to the
syndicate project to syndicate to like
you know life of Tom I appreciate all
your like guys love and support I know
we just did three years of daily
vlogging here but man like for the five
years before you guys knew about my
vlogging I used to just do gaming in
pretty much game and only so yeah just a
mad amount of time boy we got the
haircut we're feeling fresh we're
feeling good I need to get this vlog
edited now because it's currently 603
p.m. at night I'm sorry about that but
just crazy other things of like panned
out the way we have like this this
contract right here which you'll you'll
see me talk about in the main video this
is the contract that I signed worried as
to whether or not like was machinima or
a real thing can you actually a money
off their life is it is it a ripoff
thing like are you gonna get Hustle is
this company really gonna pay you to
post videos online it was like what the
heck and eight years later they were and
without that contract that sign back
then I never would've got to where I am
now with the house I am myself I'm out
the friends I've met the fans I've got
like just absolutely bonkers so thank
you for all your love thank you fries
port if you are new around here make
sure you click that subscribe button and
turn on the notifications by ding dong
in that Bell leave that like right and I
will see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next daily vlog so I'm gonna go much
love Anna Solley us
