good morning Abu Dhabi all right then
let's get this day started and by day I
should probably say evening you know
that whole thing where I'm in the UK and
I'm like Oh getting up at like 4 o'clock
in the afternoon well yeah I've been the
same thing here right here right now I'm
in a foreign country that bed was
ridiculously comfy not even gonna lie it
ridiculous to come fit I fell asleep
watching Netflix I snoozed my alarm all
the way from 9 a.m. every half an hour
so now 240 so when whoops
less I've still got until 5:00 p.m. so
I'm doing anything today so I've got two
hours to kill to do whatever I want
however whenever I want and you boy
Simon millimetre is indeed here so we're
gonna go down to the pool because these
are there with his brother I think would
be honor go say hello see what's crackin
if the pool is quite nice when I jump in
I've got my swim ashore huh that'll cost
is doing something for the day before we
go to the gaming event and yeah we
should be rockin and rollin but I tell
you what man that was a really good
night stay in a hotel room lovely meal
not to be the hell out when I got in bed
and all's good indeed press this one
there you go wait turn this one off and
turn you on all right
it shall be cleaned I forgot something
yes let's take a look take a look I'm
liking it
I'm like gonna want to bottom I'm gonna
like him in hindsight so this is like
peel pong but he takes them to nothing
look beautiful ready boom and then 3 2 1
mmm
great now let's go fine where is that
boom
what I have a feeling this hotel is oh
oh yeah it's hotels falling apart not
have no idea where to find the pool like
there's no signs okay swimming pool okay
okay okay okay okay um we're just going
to try to find it okay we're gonna try
and find it oh and I just noticed the
museum a saw yesterday the lobby is open
together you see it says this way to
these things that way to the naki bar
and I'm thinking roof spa and fitness
maybe that way I don't know okay okay
this place is a maze whoa whoa check
this out was a vending machine okay I
can get deodorant
condoms mmm lubricant biscuits you know
everything you could possibly need
okay looks like I'm not going to the
swimming pool okay I spoke to a member
of staff and they said no you don't have
to leave just don't use an elevator so
I'm gonna go up here and see if I can
find the pool
dammit I need to go up one more floor
but I'm not allowed to use the elevator
and the swimming pools in the next war
damn
okay this lady who works it says take
the elevator if I get stuck in it it's
your fault I'm blaming you
if I get stuck in the celibate mate I
spoke to her as you said you know don't
worry about it it's nothing it's fine
get me now get me out get me out get me
out - Oi did you hear the alarm going
off bro I shit myself as well get down
there's massive hallways it's that going
off and then I said sir lady I was like
how do I find the pool and she was like
get in the elevator like it purposely
said don't get in the elevator and like
I just walked straight through that door
and these guys were staring at me the
entire time but check it out
nice little pool bar liking it almost
convinced to say that you see that one
with the window open right there I'm
pretty sure that's my hotel room and it
is a very very hot day
seems like my sunbathing hours are
slowly disappearing
the sun's going over this building onto
the other side
it's nice it's not like Florida like
Moisture warm it's like dry heat which
is actually kind of nice as you can tell
this area's absolutely a pop it right
now I thought that goes in now what no
no
so this is the cleanup job now yes I'm
is on the Block no no no I got this I
got this okay okay okay that's one stud
there's still quite a few there
oh dude if that would've skip not women
you're saying you got a second shop like
wait if I bought a ball yeah yeah then
get one more shot yeah so then I shot I
hit they went in so that's it what goes
over but that was your first shot guys
throw he's from Manchester oh man
and this is where I wish I would have
taken my extra shop oh if you're if you
would apply to why I'm gonna black you
would have you lost
okay now it's my turn to shot school
everyone's been saying Tom go to the
mosque
there's the mosque wow that is HUGE okay
so now I am going to my room to get
changed get ready we have a bit of a
problem because buying room isn't
available is in the answered on said in
the vlog I've sold my edited mine and
we're going after the show now I need to
somehow edit my vlog between now and
9:00 p.m. that'll be to 6 p.m. in the UK
to get it live so we're trying to buy
myself a spare minute
throughout the day all day to get it
sorted because right now I haven't done
people love looking into the camera and
wondering what I'm doing but yeah the
Byron's not available
but either way nice better chilling in
the Sun that was nice and I'm looking
forward to the event could be dope hey
to rock and roll and genius Tom strikes
like that cool but a little water for
free oh yeah okay I think a text Byron
Byron what time to get home to go to
anything because I don't seem to be able
to thank this phone to my laptop that's
for my job to be able to even start the
Edit myself so I'm gonna go now I did
actually click the please clean room
sign to
the food but nobody came so we're just
trying to do the please clean room son
again take do not disturb off please
clean room on let's hope it gets clean
border okay I've seen excellent hotel I
know where I'm going tonight at midnight
we are deaf Oh going if you've got a
craving Wow okay I'm going to show the
code on the back I reckon you should
donate that to me come on maid I might
not be vegetarian for much longer so I
guess I get free Nando's at my local
Nando's but sometimes cuz they're just
legends a black card or anything dumb we
made it thank you very much and we're in
oh we're in it's like a proper gaming
event no this place is huge
we're going doing it it's pretty good
right Sam maybe they have a two seconds
and we're doing interviews to get you
ready
I've got fun oh my god
this is crazy
it's mental there's no all right there
you can have that back you got Simon to
sign bond okay duel applause dude
applause
got him he told me to okay
could you please quit me my brother my
mate you're already
I'd say summer the guys from Middle East
amazing we just walked up we sharpie on
his forehead it's all time not like salt
ok we subscribe to get so yeah the
picture might be sure raisi crazy to
meet so many people most killers like
this endless event that already was on
last year some people already met big
started to like they come back to me is
about the basically like to play either
side my really good event so the thing
is I've been doing YouTube so long that
like my audiences gotta go look till I
not been shouted and stuff till then
when you see a new younger audience
again it's like crazy like the screaming
at all I'm like I'm just to get to a
person oh hey nice to meet you they're
like just calm down straight away so
awesome really nice opposed to being
very poor wife
absolutely I mean it's absolutely dire
however the show's Wi-Fi has got a
hundred upload so that is plate goddamn
sick however I don't have the vlog
edited like I don't I've sent the clips
to Byron but I'm pretty confident he's
not gonna be able to edit him by
reasonable time not have any fun doing
he's just that he's flying it
I tried it myself I got an hour
to get it done but six o'clock with more
importantly
I'm going upstage so I'm not gonna have
time to do it so I'm gonna try and sit
over there and maybe try that it's in
the middle
let's see this row that's not seasick
okay Cody where Cody's dude
you're officially a steel high in the
scenes gonna be playing some zombies and
I only have my ass destroyed in FIFA I'm
just coming through the microphone I'm
convinced
okay
behind so right now these are on weight
you know with me because edited I'm
doing it myself
yeah yeah yeah Byron you can't turn our
wait a minute I think Byron is gonna be
at in this one so they're pirate fight
me say whatever you want where were you
yesterday matter what we do it even ups
another bully what you do need up stood
up because here is it AB stood up I
didn't send him Eclipse overnight just
in case you'd be able to edit it for
lunch and wasn't no problem I have my
just get edited it's currently six
thirty eight in the UK right now so this
is gonna be a little bit late but this
like hundred upload here at the venue so
hopefully those are prey god damn quick
should be all good in the hood and fire
about to edit this one than the next
couple days
white amazing I'm with my new GoPro
first up we're going to it should be
even better so okay boom managed to get
the vlog uploaded it is processing it
lower for not to wait an hour late I'll
take it wait what time is it here
it's 10:00 p.m. oh yeah no wonder you
want it to go I thought it was 7:00 p.m.
he be rolling out day one of the event
good shit man enjoyed it you liked it
good day but I don't want your nuts get
them away from me you got weird shape
nuts no thanks all right let's do this
man this is so bad at film look how
close is compared to it just saying this
organizers of the event thank you have
you tried that for Barbies well that's
awesome at night weird-looking building
but this is what yeah but it looks
different it looks different that's
exactly what you said now it looks weird
but like it's just so random like saying
would you buy like all these amazing
incredible buildings just plunked in the
middle of a desert like a stupid
question but where did they get the
water from from our air like black taps
and stuffs it today did it train it out
the ground or do they like desalination
I think it's desalination from the ocean
this is Johnny Walker Oh My lordy
it's Johnny Walker but like that this is
awesome it looks like a fully-fledged
Johnny Walker bar over there I want to
say yours looks amazing book you finish
you finish out a year being a vegetarian
and then you can have some of this spicy
tuna California roll doing does actually
look like
is that actually tuna slightly cook tuna
oh that is amazing looking oh okay
that's sick
what's wrong it you've got Game of
Thrones music plays I don't like Game of
Thrones ooh have you watched it then why
don't you like it
are you ready to get up at 9:00 a.m.
tomorrow sir mom why this is what
adventuring is Oh No
you're gonna get up with 9:00 a.m. like
a good child in at night no why because
we were not a time don't get me wrong I
am NOT want to get out better either but
if we do it trust me we'll get more done
you can be a dick all you want you can
be a dick in a mosque if you want to I'm
not going to be so it's really hard to
think that it's like 1 o'clock in the
morning right now yep we're still here
we made in food we've got the drinks
with chilies but I feel like it's better
to film it's better to film with the
other camera this camera just looks so
much more lighting but look how dope
this bar is we've got the Johnny whiskey
on top again
the view isn't anything crazy cuz it's
just I don't know just I think a bit of
ocean and some street lights but we are
still having drinks don't know what the
plan is this guy's playing amazing DJ
songs he was playing Game of Thrones a
minute ago I like it but this is such a
peculiar like place of what your finger
honors to like what to do and where to
go and how to do it so I think tomorrow
we might be getting up at 9 a.m. to go
to work
we could stay here and get really drunk
so that's probably a bad idea right
staying here and getting drunks about it
there right listen it will be worth it
but I've been going to a different
country and just staying in bed all day
are drinking all that might as well see
the actual city yeah he's such a hater
stop it now let me tell you off that's
the last time I'm telling you
apparently this is a cool okay yeah this
place is half of a half a club you know
conned out yo it's popping it's
seriously popping in here
okay I'm pretty dope but uh not exactly
popping right now apparently the party
get started around nine and tomorrow
wait we have no idea where everyone
thought you were taking us home wait why
you come with us you're staying here
right now then why are you come with us
stay sick Oh little so much money goes
into these places like it is mud like
this piece of glass probably cost $1,000
it's yeah it's crystal a pure diamond
diamonds right there Oh another one oh
wait we're gonna look in the right way
goodbye now
ice diamond no no what did you do Navi
Davi nothing pure content rolling it
rolling it oh yeah I know just two big
security guys looking us like excuse me
what are you doing literally like that
just cost us two pounds to get home like
that's actually two pound dead-on if
it's one to five but to buy a Red Bull
it costs 16 quid okay then okay so
tomorrow I do want to spoil the surprise
but we're getting off at 9 a.m.
cuz I've related you this I'm just
kidding with you I've rented you that
wait it's not the same car jjs oops
sorry
ha did he get rid of it Oh me look at
that thing that is absolutely gorgeous
oh I can't believe you had one of these
just to drive around in because that is
next-level beauty right there that's
some straight money tomorrow we're gonna
go and
that's real penguins have we met
apparently in a hotel there's a bar here
but I don't see where I tell you what
I've got this one better
listen to this we get up we'd go to the
mosque yeah but at 9:00 a.m. I go to the
massage place that the spa book was in
for for massages for an hour so we'd go
there check out the mosque cuz it's only
a mile away
check out come back massage come back go
for ice cream after massage there's no
in the right place this is Dubai anyway
great successful day
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait good
day one dude that is an absolute rap so
just the record it's only half past two
in the morning here in Dubai doesn't
feel like it and yes I do have until
like 1:30 tomorrow by the way you know
member I said like the ceiling was
weakened yeah they just put paper over
it to make it like it was fixed yeah to
me but yes we do have until like 1:30
till we're doing anything but I told
Simon it's like I wasted my day today
just by sleeping when we could have
gotta have done stuff we could've gone
to Ferrari world today rather than doing
nothing I just sleeping so much convince
him I'm gonna get up at 9 o'clock I am
like force myself get off at 9 a.m. you
ready Clint clean shower shave scrub -
up downstairs for 9:30 eat the breakfast
at the like the breakfast part which the
past like six hotels have stayed in I've
never made it down for breakfast I'm so
gonna go there get breakfast and all
will be good okay I've still got ticked
makeup room so all you have thank you
all right is it all turned on yeah look
at that they moved the food oh I got my
water oh I got a clean bed yes oh so
that's the point we're gonna get up nice
and early seven hours sleep seven hours
sleep from here to then get together
with Simon with his brother with the
homies go check out the mosque because
that's apparently the number one tourist
attraction thing in Abu Dhabi seems like
you buys more of a tourist attraction
things to like crazily do when we go
over to that obviously we gonna do
everything like gotta go to the theme
park I think these guys want to go the
big tall tower again but like I already
don't know if I'll happily do it again
and everything sheesh ball good in the
hood
so I'll go to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow for a
for an actual like travel outside
adventure which is what we need to do
and I'm hoping to get a tan because look
at these dark lines man if I get a tan
you won't see these dark lines but right
now it look like I look like I've got
black eyes Daniel
either either way much suck to your face
is make sure you leave a like crane
click that subscribe button and now
we'll see you guys tomorrow
6 p.m. for the next day like if that
sounds like a pond and they're gonna be
daily vlogs for the next like five days
so if you haven't subscribed and you're
watching this without even being signed
into YouTube click sign in click
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for the next video so I'm gonna go let's
look no sir d-plus
