um debatable oh boy oh my hahaha how do
I open his net to buy good morning holy
crap it is hot it's not too busy oh this
makes my life ten times easy oh wait um
within milliseconds these mother
truckers just steamed the hell up I
can't see anything out of them
great can we at Atlantis the palm Dubai
wow that's all just game a thumbnail
done before I get up and start the day
and as I was saying how moist it is and
how humid it is look at that mirror it's
completely condensated over that this
country's temperature atmosphere
confuses me do I think I'm a genius
I bought swim shorts with zip pockets in
why would they not always exist oh my
goodness mini ant won't no trips and die
there but it's even better in the
daytime are you even kidding me yes the
restaurateur way to go to last night is
now open for breakfast let's take a look
hey this place is just beautiful Charlie
my day fresh with a glass of OJ oh yeah
up in here assorted fruits and mantich I
don't know that means a smoked salmon we
got some yogurts
we got some pizza I like it because it's
all hashbrowns
waffle pancakes eggs beef bacon turkey
bacon chicken sausage smoked mushrooms
baked beans can't be passion and boiled
eggs okay mini pancakes ten out of ten
waffles and ten outta ten mushrooms ten
out of ten holy crap this breakfast so
far as a 10 out of 10 gets even better
got a lot a first time time train first
time buying a turkey sausage
it's just good well I can tell you
something that breakfast easily nine
point five out of ten
all right time to go to a spa treatment
um not not exactly straight away but you
know what I've just flown in on a plane
I'm gonna go get a spa treatment
booked for late it's a day all tomorrow
and then she'll mother pool all day sure
we case father and fitness this all
sounds amazing but I don't know which
one to get
hmm Christy you don't kurodo body lists
kind of just like that book Tim 4-3-3 a
one outlet relaxation de-stress body and
mind massage what the hell are gonna do
to my mind but keep falling on this
floor okay within three seconds of
walking outside sorry three milliseconds
of walking outside I can't see through
my glasses they've steamed over and my
t-shirt stuck to me oh my gosh
this is so so hot I'm gonna be sorry if
about maybe 15 minutes before I burn
thank God I came with part of a ton
otherwise I would be bright red on my
first day it's kind of difficult to
breathe oh my god now this this this is
the place to be
oh my lord this place is beautiful I'm
trying to get this dope shot of the
reflection oh wait you can see there you
can see it in the reflection yeah I look
sick I made a very very good decision
with wet
random getaway it was truly the
advertisement on British Airways planes
every time you get on it it advertised
it and I was like yeah so when I start
and thought where should I go it was
immediately Atlanta spans Dubai solid
thanks British Airways oh my god I'm
gonna come back as burn as a potato-chip
look at it it's 39 degrees 39 I got
burnt in England in an hour I don't know
if I'm excited or worried architecture
amazing place see why insulting sorry
hashtag sea lion selfie tourists that's
why yeah walking was fun but then I
realize you can get a taxi every five
seconds I star in taxi drive fast and I
joke yeah thank you that's a jump off
get a wristband to get to the ballpark
and they my boy over here is destination
I love it it's called shark bites we got
burgers and food and stuff I that still
really don't know where the tallest
building this is it's so thick it's in
there somewhere
I just don't know when it slides and
lockers okay oh my god they have a lazy
river I didn't even know this was here
oh wait he's not like a waterslide right
or something
he's like a log whoo oh yeah there is
there is that I'm sold
I'm never leaving this place ever Oh
Niles Barkley on the music that is the
most inflatable rafts I've ever seen in
my life I just want to jump from the sky
into them oh my gosh this place is dope
oh absolutely good it's close I think
this is the temple of Neptune isnora
and it's closed for maintenance Oh this
place went from being my favorite to my
worst in a matter of seconds exactly
I'm joking okay how could how can you
complain oh I don't even care if that's
for kids oh there's a grown-ass dude on
there I'm going on that soul thanks mate
made my life easier this is part of the
hotel you usually have to pay to come in
this because I'm state
the hotel all this river rapids its
massive comes with it always snap so if
you could hear anything but this is
Atlantis the home of the lost shoot if I
end up losing my flippy floppies because
I left them here
what a park I am gonna be yeah this is a
win oh my god I had no idea this was
here Jesus I have a choice torrent River
Oh River Rapids you damn better know I'm
doing this that's the bag from the
glasses of watched it three times today
look at this and the guns gonna come
vailable
right
this is strangely weird I feel like I'm
being shuttled to my debt poor Willie
good calypso and this is the rubber
dinghy Rapids but look at it you get
pushed onto it and then just got this
convening the bell that's so sick I've
made it to the summit Oh what you don't
go sliding down with you no I'm stuck
I'm stuck in place it's the high
goodbye now oh yeah oh this is sick oh I
love a mystery
yo this is sick I'm about this life I'm
so about this life oh my god I love this
place
look at my tag line that was why is what
can be this could honestly be one of the
best hotels I've ever stayed at in my
life I'm so impressed and I've been here
less than 24 hours for the record if
you've heard absolutely nothing for the
past few video clips I'm sorry yes I'm
ready
good nice dude a traffic jam
I think dealing eat bugs the Caribbean
music plane here
no selfie sticks butter okay we made it
up man
and now on to stage two apparently
before let's do this
the final count gap looking out
flawlessly
whoa is the ghormeh yeah
got it that that isn't working opens
next month
dammit it's currently closed for
maintenance and a whole month we have to
wait until it's fixed then one of these
things like oh yeah I soldered the Nardo
it's the north this place is amazing
I'm Eric British bridge well that wasn't
good I guess
I look so odd because I'm just in a raft
on my own talking to a plastic satchel
my phone I just look like a sausage but
at the same time I just don't care
I love vlogging I love traveling and you
know what they love making the most of
it he's absolutely oh this is the brick
that I walked over my first pendant this
is now the beginning uh-huh I got it
ilex doing at the exact same foot flops
of me so I've got to make it all the way
around you ready she's my god shade no
shade go oh my god it's so fucking hot
okay that works I made it from up there
to this shot and we're gonna make it
from here to over there
I'm literally getting left out the
entire time doing this oh my god oh my
gosh oh my god oh my god the boiling
great well I bit my feet that feels
great
but reclaimer fluminox what I just how
much your coke is it's a 180 AED which
translates into GBP was 37 pounds second
that can't be right this cannot be right
in the slightest
as you said law 8 he said 18 and he said
180 yeah there's my bill 13 it was for a
bottle of water but he put through a tip
of a hundred he put through a tip of a
hundred I'm pretty sure I just busted
someone for taking advantages guests
because that now cost me 18 not 180 and
I think his managers just kind of busted
him for charging people 100 dollars 180
extra-- every single time imagine how
many people would have just thought oh I
guess it's that much or you better know
shark safari
zipline and refeeding oh I'm doing that
and eight SI units that AC is so cool
gorgeous
no way they sell mermaid outfit however
it's for girls but I want to try they
sell drones over here however I do not
need one thank you I went inside this
store here I found it really nice hoodie
that I'm gonna go back and buy later and
I was like I just it was like only 50
quid a day and that's cheap I'm gonna
wait in there this place and saw this
super nice jacket was like one wonder
how much that is
oh yeah that's 5000 British pounds look
ladies nope nope nope yep does my face
change look oh there it is ladies
the diver but oh my gosh
this is absolutely oh my god more wow
this is so much time so much better oh
my lord
right spotless shut oh that looks such a
bad view of the diver right spot the
shark did too did too dis but this sure
that's what the shark spot spot spot
shark there's a shark in here somewhere
there he is hello mr. shark not sure I
want to be that guy
wait what the hell is that what an earth
is that I know hello you okay there what
the fuck are you
I see me he has seen me what is that
thing you are fat I'm fat shaming you
fish collision course I love it when
they don't
it's so strong look there's so much
going up this jaw is it a mental ray or
whatever it is come on what the guys
come up the glass the glass do it do it
I could stand here all day this is the
coolest thing I've ever witnessed
okay get changed this is where it makes
you feel like you're floating check this
out look you get into it wait what you
were floating in the lounge floating in
the office floating on a golf course or
floating in a kitchen the heck is this I
wish I would have just got my reaction
of singing this this is one of the most
amazing things I've ever seen that's
incredible
that's all the river moppida we just
went round today
Wow that's the old hotel and now this is
the new one that they're building next
to it you have got to be kidding that is
beautiful
oh you better know I found another
buffet oh just sign this extremely large
chair filling in the farm check out my
massage and it says this do you have any
disorders relating to your nervous
system such as Parkinson's musculus
chlorosis a motor neuron disease I don't
I don't think I do but man nice to god I
think if there's any way I'm gonna go
out I think it's gonna be more in their
movies that's why I'm trying to fight
the fight now lifestyle question do you
smoke
No if so how many days - five thousand
what is your fluid intake per day
alcohol I was gonna show you that
underwear I just put on but no you can
see you right room that's how I was
amazing however I'm now so lubed up with
oil I'm like a slog
he in stone sees I'm pretty sure this is
a steam room this is a chilled out sauna
thank God no Elsa Sarah was a conforming
amazing
Wow
these people know how to live Steve oh
my god the steam room is hot as you
would because it's a steam room but look
how quickly it fogs over in here
absolutely wicked up above I just jumped
out of the hot tub
I booked into town you really know this
guy however my attire that I'm wearing
probably not the best of a pumpkin into
funds I look like I'm wearing the
fishnet stocking sock over my genitals
so I'm sure he got a good look at when I
climbed out the pool
it is introducing what I was wearing no
joke
well I think if you work out how much it
costs the night maybe maybe like 250
quid and night to stay here
bloody hell I need 25 grand and I'm
staying here forever
well 100 nights imagine living in 400
days yeah hey guys we need to build a
really big room you know why cuz I need
a fucking waterfall this big innit Jesus
back in England the Sun Goes Down around
9 10 o'clock at night right now whereas
here the Sun Goes Down at 6:00 like it's
nearly pitch-black at 6 o'clock here
which is just mad just get a chill on
the beach but the Sun has gone and this
warm spot I know where I can sit further
down there in the Sun so I'm gonna try
and have a little bit of a 1 bit and see
if I can make it happen
me the crows are but krispies mouths
Savage I made a new friend
that's proven he's from Sri Lanka and
he's been working out if like two years
top bloke asked him a million and one
questions about how did this get made
why is that tower bigger than that tower
we didn't have a true reason for that
and just a bunch of other stuff it's
just crazy how this is all I made and
just crazy top Garrick so we'll see him
throughout the few next few days I told
him I do vlogging for job meetings like
that sounds awesome I was like this
alright
well fuck you meet literally a matter of
seconds before that miracles and humor
Phi humidifies well either way it is now
half past six
the Sun is pretty much almost down as
you can see the place is empty
Pratt from the fuchsia stragglers but I
like that that's the little taxi service
I was in I was walking along there and
as I got to that I saw it one at one of
them and I just went tearing like it's a
joke and he pulled over like sick
there's a free shuttle to take us all
the way down to the actual thing this
was pretty damn sick to be honest pretty
damn sick for that monorail Simpsons
look at it now you can notice it's a
palm tree you ready imagine imagine a
palm tree sticking up see how it it
sticks up and then branches out yeah so
this is how it goes it comes this way
and then branch branch and these are the
branches so goes branch branch branch
branch branch and then this is this is
on a circle going around the entire
thing protecting it
protecting the pantry from the ocean
incredible absolutely incredible
I like your rules Dubai I like your
rules I shit you not I went to a
restaurant that was like really fancy I
was like I wonder if I can get
reservation here I don't like really
smart from a nice jumper on everything I
don't like they're smart the jeans the
boots all that sort of stuff and then I
went there was like absolutely so we can
take a reservation for you but for
you're gonna wear shirt so this is one
hell of fancy restaurant oh yeah
romantic winner oh your BAE we're going
to set this restaurant is so fancy is
because the underwater place over there
you can eat eating the fish free damn
good I don't know like a set five course
meal
I'm expecting good no great things are
that's a sign that this isn't even fancy
restaurant look at that I cannot wait to
eat something now this is a dining
experience
oh that wasn't a Shack and that was a
really fat fish I'm gonna go for the eve
the duck or scallops and then the way it
works is it either Robster or the
caramels black cod it's like I've got a
weird cooking system of how you do it
but oh my god excited there's a diver
holding a sign saying happy birthday
she's got flowers
I just got given a palate cleanser for
the start of my meal
and apparently it's it's like a bubble
of water I'm going to show you what the
foot placement counts like a bubble of
water wrapped in raspberry something
it's like a droplet of like actual water
with cranberry wrapped around it can
feel intimate like pop in my mouth with
a little bit of a flower on it I am
going with an oyster which is apparently
sweet and sour and yeah comes in a big
ball the staff keep laughing that makes
I'm talking to I felt like an idiot
Hey
thus a palate cleanser but it's amazing
showing that because my oysters melted
and I was taking that long to have the
appetizer that it's melted so
that was weird
that was so weird all right so the
flavor in it was mad it was proper sweet
and sour but I did that bike have a bit
of it touched my tongue because she was
a swallowing straight down it's like a
aphrodisiac accidentally whipped it
first then was life so that was
interesting
oh my gosh able to come up with an
amazing an amazing idea for coming back
to this restaurant and dudes were pretty
cool and I just spoke to the assistant
manager about it and she sounds pretty
on board let's just pause the fish and
the shark and the manta rays for a
second you two look at this course
scallops with mustard ice cream oh don't
like mustard but I do like stop so wish
me luck
Wow
Thomas I focused in Excel what today but
is so mesmerizing to look up
oh my goodness me look at this dish
caramelized Cod oh my lord on the fresh
I want to say ravioli but that's
probably I knew I was wrong it's
linguini and then seafoam okay I'm just
gonna try the seafoam Wow
mazie that's very incredible Wow
absolutely incredible I clean the plate
this looks absolutely mesmerizing Oh
tell you what it is but there's gold on
my plate
actual edible gold this is the first
time in my life I can ever say I've
eaten gold tastes like paper I don't
know what this red stuff is it might be
raspberry something but every time I hit
my face turns into a sour grape
it's so good British our the staff here
have been absolutely incredible and now
I've got a cool idea like I said that
spoke to one of the managers about doing
regarding the channel and so we small
but it's really cool idea and I'm gonna
say anything until it does actually
happen if it doesn't then whatever I'll
tell you both gentleman who's been
serving as all night it was like rumor
has it
you know we've been talking that you do
YouTube so I told about my vlog my
gaming channel and turns out he like
watches kripp on twit she watches like a
bunch of for the ha stones for you hath
stolen streamers and stuff and just got
talking to about that so I'm a I've just
gave myself a new subscriber no way as
I'm just chillin a finishing my food the
entire night I've seen tables common
tables go and the chef just came out to
meet me I don't like bro absolutely
amazing guy shook his hand and said I'm
coming back to try some other stuff and
as I was like alright I'll come back
he's like I'll give you my card in my
number so if you ever want to come back
we'll give you the perfect table right
near the front so next time I'm there if
I can pull up what I'll put want to pull
off I'll be set over there maybe
absolutely amazing we'll definitely be
back if I come back for that like big
seafood plan and the chef cooks it for
me and I get sitting in a front that
will be so sick but amazing amazing
stuff incredible I didn't even know how
to get reservation here tonight yeah
damn son
I put the claim you sign on and they
clean me the comfiest bet I could decide
to get into right now but what amazing
day
absolutely griddle if you guys are
enjoying these vlogs make sure you drop
my phone make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe share with your friends
if they feel like they may enjoy the
life of Tom then you know tell them
about it you know I really appreciate
the word of mouth because that's the
only way people know what I do so until
tomorrow thank you very much for
watching I'll catch you guys at 6 p.m.
which is kind of mad because when I hold
these vlogs
they go live at 9 p.m. in Dubai so I
don't find out what you guys think of
the vlog until super late at night so 6
p.m. UK times you guys then tomorrow for
the next vlog and who knows what I'll
get you then so I kept these are later
Sally us
