afternoon I should be eating my
breakfast or lunch right now but no I'm
addicted to ice lollies do you know
what's worse than eating an ice lolly
for your breakfast off your lunch it's
eating an ice lolly alone hmm I have the
weird feeling of a presence in my house
this morning wonder what it could be
I slowly put the Elliott mess around
this garden did you get him right on to
it nice you ain't got them yesterday is
it off you killed this one no no it's
just repin yesterday's vlog I told my
granddad he could have this little patch
here in my garden to do some flowers and
stuff next day do it just pop it out
where's this one going there fair enough
straight line straight line straight
line I like it it made it very happy the
vlog is uploaded I can now head out and
I believe my granddad wants to take me
somewhere looking very summery in that
thing mate Joseph's sunglasses he got so
mad fair enough let's rock and roll sure
how this has happened but there's a
bunch of junk laid out here and it looks
like a car a smash around the corner and
taking out the sign we've lost part of
the front of the car here and bit of the
underskirt or whatever is God's sake
bunch of tire marks on the road as well
so I don't know someone could be doing
like trying to drift around corners or
somehow
yeah there's all time max everyone I
rang up the non-emergency policeman was
that yo dudes someone's crashed into it
you had non-emergency you bring what
nine nine nine four mergence is in 101
for non-emergencies to light report
stuff so I just rang Brooklyn was like
yo mushroom science missing and they
were like oh now we've had a report of
it a woman did see someone crashed into
it and drive off so now I'm helping out
the police by looking at my CCTV on the
road to try and find a license plates if
we have the person hid it and drove
straight away so road traffic incident
on collision whatever they call it at
least we know it's being taken care of
you have made it to certain home my guns
been talking about this for a long time
I says it is beautiful so we're going
jump to a gas out was also a garden
center it's by plant such a hall all
right dad swing that right wow you guys
sheep in those field Oh massive I'm too
sure what that's about but we've made it
to such a tall hopefully my granddad
says to do incredible food I'm stopping
well we've made it into the hall there's
a photo of a gun down
grab that with a well this is a well
weird layout oh this is it just smells
rustic Thunder you know what happens if
you don't pay for your drinks well they
take them guns off the wall to shoot you
yeah can one be round I'm being serious
I'll tell you bullet II like your
sausage ah that's perfect that was a
nice golden bear that welcome to
stylehaul a few hints a few hints on how
things work first off wife revolves
around the bar that's all I need to read
this is like a golden ale and that he's
so damn smooth what's that a fabulous
tree that is a fabulous looking trick it
smells like fire on it keeps my fire
yeah
hopefully the building isn't bidding how
could it beautiful architecture oh my
gosh
I found like a library room it's a
massive its restaurants at bar but it's
absolutely massive like this room
outside for go through it all this room
all that room all that room pretty huge
they actually borrow a book to read it
what someone can I find this interesting
but what's this one
skipper Gilbert Watson I think is
actually readable by folks at all and he
just for show
oh yeah really now this building looks
like it's haunted and it has secret
doorway so all I have to do is lean nope
this one this one this one if I actually
pulled what a door secretly opened that
would make my wife that's gonna be too
when you roast ham served cold
interesting with eggs and chips and off
he goes
is the question lad do you believe in
ghosts yeah do you think this place is
haunted
could be or is she should we stay here
overnight and see if any ghost catchers
it's all ready yeah we did
now that is what you call speed in it
yeah well it did say calm cold so there
you go
what about cold ham but we've got eggs
chips
well ski you can complain about fast
I've been spotted by the crows they
found me aunt Leigh you're gonna get me
aunt Leigh Oh me I didn't I didn't even
see that one course that's a crow look
at the size of it but no don't don't
look at that one look at that one oh
that one's out oh it's - there's buddy -
buddy that one just go oh meat this
one's about swept me off look at it oh I
look so evil that's well gonna murder me
I'm trying to tempt it closer to murder
and put a chip on the floor and as soon
as it comes close enough I'm having it
with this fog
oh whoa that one's got grey hair
wait is that the same as a crow though
same family same that one the corrosive
curse to me oh gee lagonda thank you
very much made really even though it was
just happen like Paul Hamm it was not
just any ham when he roasted ham so I've
had to get that meal out of a rating I
probably about 19 we just hit the right
spot in it super tasty super nice even
that rocket salad whatever it is it's
good even though they've finished yet I
don't like salad but really really good
this is some weird ass toilet this what
is this slaves thing going on here this
is gonna like whipping the dude where
the homies happen with the heck and Tom
Ford for men that's great
and then yeah bitter leg oh haha the
picture of a dog pissing on the street
okay
lovers freely rights shaving soap and
then whatever the hell is going on here
I saw hmm
reload oh my works come on that's a
working gun however that's pretty cool
oh this is where we are on Google Maps
absolutely beautiful
as to how we entered the building
oh yeah I know we entered through here
and then that's where we just ate
outside looking at the back of the
balloon sorted a beautiful place oh look
at him go he said what football team you
sport United I'm gonna just kicked it
away cuz he's a city support oh well I'm
gonna have to give our granddad
grandkids one day because look at this
this is absolutely adorable
I'll tell you some of my hay fever I
don't even know I really had hay fever
so yeah I'm sunburned it's sniffling my
little little off this house a building
was made to me look I'm stood as tall as
I can go
and I just make it uh-oh
little bit you don't yeah you do not
need to dog come walk through you got
loads of room back go back that way yeah
you'd have to worry about anything mate
what about me to find a ice cream parlor
as you can see ice cream parlour auntie
room
I like your cut bike sir very nice very
nice Tuffy Bop topic toffee bolt ball
toffee malt ball oh no thanks no
apparently this place has been open 50
row why is it a while peacock just check
oh crap I got ice cream
I found an ice cream farm and I found
peacocks mate spread your wings oh my
god you are beautiful just ice cream
hello mr. peacock ice cream okay
cream of ice a little Wow look at the
color on that one
I'd love to see it's about this pop out
boy I think you only does it when it's
like mating or someone up why are you
here
seriously why is there wild peacocks
walking around I'm so confused
from gorgeous birds to extremely fat
cats holy crap you need to be part of
diet you're you anyway look at this
place that I'm a please respect no
picnic policy oh hell yeah
look at this this place is absolutely on
the back the fat cats like oh I can't
chase them go it's due to the too fast
this is beautiful oh look how cute they
are
oh that's a day old yes
you know even a day old got some pigs
hello hello I can't believe how cute
that is
yeah less than 24 hours old
adorable seven real episodes ma what's
right Wow
did you start walking straight away from
peacocks to a cat to some baby cars no
it's okay thanks to you guys I have ice
cream so thank you very much for that
you guys are amazing
there's nothing inside this one I don't
think all that one we just got the
little baby hello oh no no baby that's
less than 24 hours old which is having a
baby tomorrow apparently and they've got
the squealing pigs squeal out that's
such a weird noise you're talking to
each other actually okay what a great
place is absolutely amazing
I mean the entire time you that you have
ice cream that's not a horse that's a
midget horse and you yeah you're bloody
huge but I call you Jeffrey hello
Jeffrey oh my god Jeffrey come up there
look good oh my god I was like donkey
from Shrek good as he is tell you what
guys got really soft nose
hey I could stroke your nose all day
look at it no my gun is as smooth as a
baby's bottom that is God
oh yeah blow this sneeze oh I like how
that peacock was walking around now it's
on top of this guy's roof this is this
is the guy who owns this place and he's
been here for 77 years Oh dogs this
place is amazing
Wow family made it that's we expressive
and look at this is the upstairs this is
so sick got all the sweets marshmallow
table over here they've got a projector
over here and no way their own custom
pool table I didn't know it existed this
is so light respectful for Ramadan
you've got a prayer area over here for
people to come and pray this place is so
busy because everyone's fast in a moment
like most restaurants closings to put
this place is open till 11:00 so this
place it's packed absolutely packed with
people all eat you know something about
this place is so damn cool they have
like FIFA tournaments pool tournaments
instead of like milkshakes and all sorts
of food I love it
this is so cool got my milkshake
smoothie I love it
millionaire but we'll go milk okay if
you're ever in Denton go to sweet diner
really did I'm so glad it was over I
can't we got biggie is absolutely
gigantic on Bond Street and the owner
was awesome
what
is going on with this sandwich
refrigerator seven months to energy
ultra sunrise okay just lay some flowers
down
and on this next day God created
Manchester absolutely insane
I cannot believe I'm looking at this is
just so incredible so so incredible I
just cannot believe how much there is he
just goes and goes and goes and goes
he's that many flowers on the edge that
it started to rise and build a wall and
what kind of thick the wall of flowers
is over there absolutely crazy it's just
piled so thick this is just so amazing
absolutely incredible
that place is full to the brim with
flowers so ours over here yeah I think
this is the one time in my life I'll be
happy about seeing bees because I'm
allergic to bees so I'm usually
terrified of them that is absolutely
incredible a bouquet of flowers to
represent the Manchester be just so-so
cannot comprehend this I want to say the
architecture this Pope is absolutely
amazing and it is but they're not is
just absolutely terrifying
yeah it's finally got so my syndicate
fan out back look at this stuff okay
good that is her it just says say Syndic
eight but you know what I love it
nonetheless is incredible incredible
piece of art from oh thank you very much
I just need to find a place to be able
to put it as well as this bad boy look
at this and this is from quit quit this
is also a very dope piece of ass check
that out
there's so sick so sick all right ladies
I'm gonna be wrapping up my vlog there I
was so like emotionally upset yesterday
from going seen all the munches if I
didn't really want a vlog and talked
about it there and then because it was
just it it was so touching and so
heartwarming bought the amount of like
look I've got goosebumps I'm like I am I
am I am I'm not like thinking about it
but the amount of pride I felt from
going seeing the flowers and just paying
my respects was unreal the amount of
love and the respect of people being
quiet like some people didn't even know
like the flowers where we're there and
that was like the memorial place people
walking around the corner like drunk or
shower and screaming and when they
walked on the car and they saw the
flowers they were instantly quiet so it
just you know respects are out what my
thoughts are always the victims of it
and all that and it's just mad and I
can't wait to see how how much money
gets raised from there like the the
fountain like the what is it the the
charity concert that they're doing like
apparently Justin Bieber's going there
or sure I only gonna say her name ariana
grande J Brennan to make it sound like a
latte but it's gonna be amazing to see
how that all pans out and hopefully
everything goes okay and smoothly and
nothing bad happens like you know can I
give it give into the evilness of people
like that scaring you from doing
in life you know life is too short make
the most of it and if it's gonna happen
you know it's just gonna happens one of
those services are in place to stop it
from happening so hopefully it never
happens again but yeah I'm gonna wrap up
my vlog here never felt so much pride to
be part of a community and thank you to
all my audiences you're like so much
love and support and like I saw it on my
timeline of people saying like you know
what for Manchester and stuff so thank
you for all your support of the
community of Manchester
I'm sure they'll appreciate it I'll see
you guys tomorrow for my next day vlog
you should leave a like rating subscribe
I catch you guys later
adios
