finally managed to get the program not
download yes they're working and let's
see how it takes to endure a 10-minute
video and the new computer just saying
this right now on my old program it used
to have to render a ten minute video in
about four to five minutes
this ain't seeming all that much faster
but we shall wait and find out but it's
a new dawn it's a new day it's a very
nice actual day outside today and I'm
starting it at 450 like no joke 4:50
p.m. is when I'm starting my day hmm
which shouldn't matter because the Apple
store in the Trafford Centre is open
till 10:00 p.m. so I'm gonna go there
now I'm gonna go check it I'm gonna go
there now in traffic see if we can take
it in I think it takes like two hours to
get something fixed so if I can take it
in we should be set but if not I cry and
maybe I'll be able to leave my phone
there overnight get it fixed and pick it
up tomorrow so before we do anything
turn to backup all my footage on my
phone because the chances are I've been
told they can wipe your entire phone so
it's time to say goodbye to all my
videos all the photos and everything
unless I back it up so thank God I have
found it up 500 down which total it
doesn't work right now uh-huh
loggers are bloated it's loaded it's
thumb nailed it's titled it's everything
that way it will be live at 6 p.m. fee
basis which means if I'm right in saying
that's me either the third or fourth
daily vlog in a row that I've uploaded
on time I know who is this time and what
have I done with you well the old one
had shot spike your hair and this is the
tongue that has to hide it but don't
worry about that
mave just realized an issue if I'm gonna
go to the Apple store now they're gonna
take my phone off of me so therefore I'm
not would be able to vlog but the
chances are even though I said a bat
took my footage that I've already
recorded today like the five clips but I
think I'm gonna lose that footage off my
phone so I should have charged that with
my all the phones and just use that for
the day and then pull the footage off
that bot I've got none of them charged
up but I need to leave now
ah nothing like getting ready to jump
into traffic it's six o'clock six
o'clock heading to the trumpet centre I
shouldn't be doing this this is a
terrible idea
she's that faster that's a bird shut on
herself nothing that's great and we'll
just get it washed the more and more I
Drive got car the more and more I want
the f-type but more and more I want the
TT RS
it's just so fast and nimble it's like a
gold cap oh here we go there's no way
they're gonna be able to fix it today I
guarantee it
oh my god I almost felt sick the guy
said 400 pounds to fix it I was like are
you actually kidding me thought about
400 to fix it he was like yeah it's not
even a case of replacing just about you
need to replace the entire phone so my
heart kind of sank a little bit and then
what he typed in my serial number at the
end of type of material numb but he went
are you sure if they've got AppleCare
and I was like I think so and he was
like do you say like Li I was like no la
any times in LA it was like boom you got
four care so thank God Oh
save yourself get 350 quid I just love
this place foods from a conveyer belt
that falls in sat there about 30 minutes
and eating food of Champions
I see cauliflower
artyom off light got its whole following
section now it's no longer just on a
little rock over there it's got a whole
little segment dope nose I think I want
to track down off wide jumper with the
Mona Lisa R on it and get it because
this is like the 19th time have been by
this section to find it and I can't find
it instead of the Mona Lisa they now
have who's this if that's who it is I'm
not too sure but um okay who's our
snakeskin shoes oh my god I don't even
know what make this is but how much
these shoes wear the price down 530
pounds Oh camera leave you may this is
like Jay Paul sure and Logan polish is
exactly what that is right now I have
some class to be able to wear these
models look at these god damn I don't
know what the name of his brand is even
reading label I can't understand it but
all I know is it's worth money
my entire life has led to owning a pair
of Gucci sliders with the doggy inserts
they're definitely fake and there's
something not my dad used to wear when
he went to work when I was like 11 I
think I found a very me shoe look about
nice sleek not too crazy with the colors
it's only got a red bottom
maybe these might as well be Louboutin
Mike's
ah return give me my money back so let's
just pretend I'm not filming that guy
that guy right there is wearing the
exact thing I want what as a t-shirt
he's wearing the Mona Lisa off-white
give it back
I'll just walk in front of that guy
wearing that jumper I wanted and I
looked up what should it be hey Stella
would it you just caught me so off guard
that is unreal
yes hmm Master simple man sir please
right it's about Tyler did this star box
ah but you still like crap right look
all come down this is a sleep looking
venue I like it a lot to me one ticket
to go and see the Meg Odeon
Wow last one standing
okay I I just literally can't seem to be
able to get to like the settings of my
car to get it to show you my toes oh
well maybe I can total miles ten
thousand and eleven miles well if you
would like to buy a totally respectably
used audi with not a broken - thing at
the moment no low tire pressure then
contact Tom for only ten pounds this ten
pound for only ten thousand and eleven
pounds this car can be yours pound a
mile weight that means the more I Drive
the more I is expensive for you so okay
I'm gonna give it back when it's got
hundreds of miles in it Oh
brand new I look at that that's what I'm
talking about now I did film a clip
which was very action like true genuine
reaction of me being like oh my god time
to find out if I have a porter or not
and the guy was that any first set no
not like no and you can see my face just
as strong because to replace the back
400 pounds because the couch replaced by
enough to replace the entire phone so
400 quid each other must give ourselves
a bit more lighting here Hey fooled you
quit to replace it however if you have
Apple Care which I think I might even
100 pounds for a two-year coverage or
200 pounds or something like that
basically if you get bad if you smash
your screen they replace the entire
phone like whole brand new phone for 75
quid so your boy managed to smash the
phone the stabilizer was broken it as
well like from a previous time so you
haven't you see me vlog about listening
to the job well that's now fixed and
it's just friendly phone so that's a win
and you might like why is that even more
of a win because not only now do I not
have a smash phone I have a fixed
stabilizer and more importantly when you
get a new phone the screen the glass
feels so good because it's got like a
texture on it I got I don't know what to
describe whatever it is but the foam
torch and move everything feels perfect
and the more and more you use your phone
you wear down this like sort of layer on
the outside of it and that's why your
phone becomes like crappy and like it
doesn't feel as good but now
a brand new phone to like like next
month because apparently September 12
the renowned Singh the brand new lineup
of iPhones so yeah yay for 75 quid I
just got myself a new phone until then
so yes fixed it brand new phone
super excited but I was like what do you
do with the old ones and they said that
do you recycle them not in the essence
of like they try and fix them and resell
them they melt it down entirely so all
the metal parts in it all the glass to
crunch it down and put it in to make you
brand new glass and all that sort of
stuff and I was like that's pretty cool
so it all gets reused renewed because I
was like this seems like an inefficient
way of you know taking one old phone off
me rather than just fixing the backplate
then you know giving me a whole brand
new thing but it makes sense it's Apple
they're a trillion dollar company they
know exactly what they're doing but we
got the new iPhone or feeling good for
feeling fresh the one thing I haven't
done
straightaway is um put a phone case on
it that would probably be a good idea
which leads me on to Inc cased a member
whoa that's a word we haven't heard in a
long time so remember what in case was
it was a company where I basically dip
phone cases into like liquid hydro
different technique dip it in and like
tada this looks great it did look great
I loved it it was it was so much fun to
do I really enjoyed it was a good little
project and I was doing it out like my
garage well for everyone asking what the
hell happens in case or basically you
guys know I own a gaming company out in
Los Angeles I took the idea to them but
it's gone from like my idea changed from
it just being a hey this is a place
where we sell custom looking colored
phone cases which I'd still love to do
on its essence and that would be a
feature of it but I've created an
entirely new concept idea and products
which rather than me be and I'm gonna
try and do it out my garage ya know this
is gonna be like an official product
like this is something that I could
genuinely see being like that in the
Apple Store so yeah really big things
coming with that I'm not I'm not saying
too much about it just because you know
what obviously I want to get it going
and with 3bd we've got so much back in
there so many stuff like hundred plus
stuff nothing like it's it's an ax
massive massive massive company and now
that I've taken it to there we can take
this idea to the next level so a lot of
people ask you that oh you gave up on
the idea hold up oh no no no no no we're
taking it to the next level it when it
went from stage one dude immersing stage
two doing it
to stage redo it in a garage to then
taking it to 3d so we've stepped up the
ranks by so I have to end today's vlog
because it's currently my birthday with
my mom yeah my son weird but I won't
bought me a birthday present of going
out twist bar so at worlds bug you're
going to see me going out to a spa with
my mother who is right there literally
sat just right outside my house she's
probably pissed off because I've been
talking to this vlog for about 10
minutes I'm waving at her I'm waving oh
she's showing me to come so I've gotta
go so I have to go so tomorrow's vlog
consists of Thomas bar being like ah yes
cucumbers and shit so I'll see you guys
then tomorrow it's gonna get this more
bloated at 6 p.m. oh my gosh
for nearly 5 days in row of daily
vlogging at 6 p.m. your boys a wizard
some we love you leave yet much love to
you faces and as always if you haven't
clicked our subscribe button make making
YouTube account click subscribe ding
don't let no application up and I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next day
book what's love
I'm sorry else
