all right and just like that we're ready
packed up we're going we're rockin
rollin it is day four of insomnia 63
it's been imagined it's better Gooden
had a good night last now we all went up
some drinks we had some food a little
bit of blackjack and the weather today
is mmm pretty typical of Birmingham to
be honest just gray miserable and boring
I just trigger people from Birmingham
101 that said we need to get the heck
out of here I do you think I had this
hotel room for another night but we're
all going back tonight so I appreciate
your guys's given us but you can refund
this I'm going to check out and you'll
get your money back I liked how I was
gonna try and get a really good night's
sleep last night brought Jack frags put
on Twitter this video clip and I was
like oh my gosh this looks amazing and
it was a stop-motion movie and I was
like what is this
everyone applied to me saying it's
fantastic mr. Fox so why not Amazon
Prime I've passed 4:00 in the morning
paid for it watch the film and didn't
get to bed till 6 a.m. so it's currently
11:35 and you better know I'm tired
ah and we also have a problem for today
you know each day I've been waking up
having a bowl of cereal
well amount of cereal this is a bad move
I'm telling that I've done this several
times before events by not having any
breaky and there's a good effect so
don't even find some strong breakfast of
champions toast with honey and jam
that's a win and by the way not hoodie
and jam together because that'd just be
weird legend day 4 of the vlog
thank you waiting so patiently mate
what's your name what's your name George
little whenever my breakfast this
morning these guys brawl at curly
caterpillar came looking about that for
breakfast
Thank You Emma maybe though yes yes yes
oh this is cute oh yeah of course you
because you did this is lovely made but
I look like sister Ganga do you even
lift bro bums like way too long
Wow Memphis thank you thank you I'd like
I'd like to thank this guy for this
award what is what is my reward
okay I'd like to proudly accept this on
behalf of my dad thanks for making me I
appreciate the size it really does
matter this bum that's cool I put up the
big box for the world's smallest box for
inside check it out wait for it tom
cassell
I got me a little vlogging figurine how
old is this thing eight months
oh my lord oh that's a big dog I thought
Griswold in America was big hmm the feel
of dribble in his hair beautiful you
know when things in life are a little
bit weird let's go back to the first of
all I always with Kerala Travel Center
this guy what about this guy Ben this
guy we couldn't beat your friend boy
either bumped into your best friend yeah
on holiday with you in Greece but buns
rolled up with them dos Perry Perry salt
thank you for this by the way cuz I did
when I was looking at this at the shop
the other day it turned up and brought
me cable management
okay take the hint I know I need to
organize it I'll get it to work at home
one day show about halfway through now
that's gets me to screen alone I'm
booked it's kind of nice on the Mondays
because it's quite like a quiet date so
we're just gonna cruise around walk
around do our own thing enjoy the show
it's quite cool look at me
what are we gain but if you're chicken
Cal it definitely looks like much try to
make some absolute starving and that's
not Oh
Babji boob is amazing yo check this cell
that is so sick this is where all that
money the games made is finally going
into something epic this is a huge booth
and the weight the way to get into this
boob is you have to like pretend you're
getting on a plane so you get like a
plane ticket and get to walk on this
amazing all these gamers in the wild and
then we have this guy wearing a
syndicate rolls krumper legend
oh it's good to see face bag signing
somebody's shoe but it's go time
absolutely amazing absolutely incredible
especially like people in wheelchairs to
Baja these guys have got above and
beyond to make sure thank you got unsung
heroes let this be evidence let this be
known I'm here trying to edit my vlog
with a laptop daggers I stayed up
watching fantastic mr. Fox last night
and all the plug sockets in our boob
inside in the back they've all been
disconnected from the mains for safety
so my laptop did so I can edit the vlog
I'm sorry
and like that empty done done and dusted
we are now heading home everything is
just by an empty shell
and we continue our journey on the
amount of gifts people thought were
insane and I say this again like I never
asked for anyone to bring anything
Oh feel like you have to anything like
that but people bringing gifts for like
holidays Karl the family and stuff like
it was amazing so thank you so much like
I still can't get over like things like
this like artwork that you guys make is
just incredible and you are so tight
thank you so much I can't even draw a
stickman and you guys managed to do that
song stuff so just bother you I'm with
you now honestly you've all done it
amazingly plus words that's right we're
not over and done with the event we've
got resonate in Scotland coming up where
we're gonna be there for three days in
Glasgow I'm not just going alice is
going Karl's gallery and we're gonna
have one hell of an event there so if
you're Scottish and you've ever wanted
me to like go to an event or something
always happening oh I'll put a link
below there it goes devising the
original good bye now so much show okay
the place just turns into an absolute
madness of boxes and crates everywhere
look at that everyone's trying to pack
up as fast as possible and get out
murder
that's another chess oh we got like
stacker trucks in here ah me I didn't
try and find out if the finite people
could give me a code for the galaxy skin
but a lot of thing there's no one at the
booth worst
Oh found wearing doctor did he pull some
maneuver oh yeah he did yeah he did
she's a star and this is where my
healthy balance goes out of it because
I've been craving McDonald's so we got
my downs
right a plus nine at night time to get
inside my vlog edited uploaded elate as
per usual you know how happy I am to be
back home
just simply because of this setup like
I'm say this right now I'm gonna get rid
of these screens and get some new
monitors like some new fresh your
monitors bought I'm so happy to be back
because when I am in this room now and I
need to get like you know videos doing
stuff I'm so productive I'm so quick
editing on this computer and you real
are massive squeak about my chair let's
get a new chair so oh that is awful oh
yeah you do chair but it's really about
time I get prepped and ready for the
release of black ops 4 by nuke in all
this room all this stuff you just see
laying around and get this into a true
single Tom streaming video making sell
and like nope no thing with Cal because
we're gonna be working on Cal self at
his house over the next few weeks which
is gonna be cool because we're about to
make his I like they streaming room sale
part and all that like ready at his new
place so we can finally focus on this
being mind nice clean desk speakers stop
maybe mounting the PlayStation
underneath the desk and stuff like that
look really good like I said it is
currently 9 was it 9:00 9:30 5 9 13 and
a half I was late can I gotta edit it
gotta get it uploaded and beside little
bit weird my computer's loaded up with a
black screen black screen and nothing
else hmm
travel through time to tomorrow and
we're already off to a good start with
office look this is where we're
currently out look at it completely
different from where you saw it
yesterday but I do need some
recommendations of new monitors as you
guys know I do have those LG screens but
I do want to stick to
multiple monitors rather having one big
one which is beautiful and I do like the
idea just do everything on one I love
having two screens so if you guys have
got recommendations about what the best
gaming screen is out there at the moment
you know 144 Hertz
I don't ever need it to be 4k the screen
monitor cuz you know like I'm not I'm
not recording in 4k or playing video in
4k but I think it's time to maybe make
that switch up to it so if you guys
normally don't have any 4k game owners
there are 140 for hers I really
appreciate that because we need to get
this out completely people look at it
already looking nice and clean they have
absolutely nuke the joint today so you
know organized like all the all the
artwork on this desk and stuff like that
and it should be sighted by tomorrow so
guys I want to thank you very much for
watching today's vlog again I have to
say thank you to everyone who was
insomnia it was absolutely incredible to
meet so many of you so many familiar
faces there as well which is amazing
like I wouldn't even kill for a bloody
roller coaster for like three hours let
alone doing that like like four days in
a row or a different event like a
gigantic like ace - like I really
appreciate well wow it is mind-blowing
that so many people are so willing to
spend so much time in coming to see me
so thank you very much so if you were in
something you missed out you better get
ready for our next event if you ask gosh
you did hear correctly earlier on that
we are indeed going to resonate so if I
do have a ticket link I'll put it down
below but the last time me and Brian
Terrorizer went up there it was so much
fun and I met so many awesome people the
Scottish fans were just crazy it's like
it's like the Scottish funds is just
like some crazy beast of people and then
when I went over to like Island and
other Island as well and I went round
there I just do like the life of Tom
tour you guys are on a whole nother
level and I just don't know if it's
because I've just not spent so much time
in them areas but honestly you guys blew
my mind and like blew my expectations of
how much funny we're gonna be there so I
don't have to end today's bye guys thank
you very much for watching if you didn't
see yesterday I posted the brand new
Minecraft voyage of the deep episode on
the game Channel so if you wanna go
check that I'll put a link in the
description to that go show some lovely
but like right and we'll see what I'm
gonna do the next room for it and I'm
back I may have a few little travel
plans coming up cause I've got some
friends texting me that they're like
going off to certain countries for a few
days and
as much as I do just want to stay here
and go nowhere these homies like
messaged me quite a lot like they really
want me to come and hang out with them
so I'll try and make that happen so I'm
gonna go much-loved leave a light green
subscribe and let's hope that every day
this week I can get the vlog uploaded
for 6 p.m.
sound like a deal alright let's see how
quickly I fail oh yeah
and I setting us
