for the record I got in bed at the end
of yesterday's vlog but then I'm waking
up now at 4 o'clock in the morning
because I think something may have
changed my dad said to me have you
checked out your office yet since you've
been home my answer was no so I'm gonna
go into my office for the first time now
and see what's changed boom oh well
actually absolutely nothing you might be
like well that's a disappointing
reaction I honestly thought my dad had
taken out this desk and built the new
one I guess not so what the hell's
changed in here he said he said
something new what happened I don't see
anything no okay so my dad didn't change
my dad's I don't know what I was so
convinced he'd change my desk but look
at this well boom it's baby Steve you
know actually that's not Steve that's
spike that's my first ever bitty dragon
Oh 10:00 a.m. I'm awake yesterday I was
like wow it's so beautiful in England
and today it is miserable less displace
however yo yo yo whoa whoa whoa no idea
what's in this but I do know it's from
razor hey tripod don't you dare shoot my
pants I'm absolutely nothing but
let's open this box um in fact guess
what this is from razor I really
wouldn't know because I don't think I
asked for anything and I don't know
anything new they released usually I
don't know is raise it in the US because
they don't write razor on the front of
the package this one oh my god I
actually might know what this is please
please be what I think it is ah oh my
god this size box only can mean one
thing yes this
I mentioned this at the airport but I
did not think I was gonna get it today
ladies and gentlemen if you ever
received this box from Razer
this means one thing and one thing that
only the brand-new razor blade loved yes
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
oh my freaking God oh oh it's cold it's
actually cut well how does that expect
it to be so cool but yes this is indeed
my new 2017 razor blade Pro laptop oh
the first open flap oh hell yes weird
facts about this laptop every razor
laptop I've ever owned the power bank
has always come with the us adapter I've
never ever owned a UK adapter bought
because I believe these are available in
Europe now we you K power plug so I
don't have to keep carrying around that
big light transformer so you know like
plug it into another country so that's
amazing
also the best thing about this laptop
even though obviously it's the laps of
itself bought this laptop comes with a
UK keep keyboard sort of rather than a
US and I didn't go for a 4k monitor I
went for a full HD 1080p he might be
like why don't you go for 4k it's just
because a lot of games and normal games
a lot of programs and stuff don't work
well with 4k red screens it's really
really strange but it just kinda happens
so I decided to go for full 1080p matte
display so Matt rather than it being
like really really super shiny I went
for a matte display so I have another
razor blade laptop and I didn't even
have to steal this one off razor K
laptop it was not very nice to see you
I'm not even bother going to setting you
up because I've got more important
things to do like sticker wall
and there be life Oh once it hey mom Oh
an early morning visit from Kevin are
you doing oh you want on a hike or
something on me yeah mom don't tariff
you are you doing I'm so freeze get
ready
okay so receive this box and I actually
guessed what it was from straight away
no it's not hopefully and no it's not
from reason Breitling's
welcome on board thank you for
registering your new timepiece with us
and remember register new timepiece for
them did you do it just say yes but no
okay thanks brightly and they sent me a
Breitling half that's kind of nice cap
it's kind of nice really nice
Brad Ling since 1884 new laptop new hat
new laptop new hat
the laptop below the LB Tina now I'm
like oh yeah so my current speeds I like
this and I was like what if I could get
a business Internet anyone yeah exactly
ah I got faster internet in the Cayman
Islands the Cayman Islands on my mobile
phone that I do at my own house in the
United Kingdom and it's not like I live
in the middle of nowhere this is the
ridiculous
I can't even get Virgin Media internet
in my area it's not like I live in the
middle of nowhere like there's a
connection box down the road it's just
that I've got copper wire on my road
rather than broadband so I know they
technically can't do anything for me but
I need someone to give me faster
internet please well that was the short
story of what's happening at my mom but
on extra case and she odd one too big so
I know the case of my phone yeah should
also get a Sat phone insured
it's me ah date I'm sitting up the
laptop it's nearly finished I've got
h1z1 installed already
you better know I do look even a little
bit less like I look kind of smart to be
honest like I'm just liking my hair kind
of like going to the side which is
always what I've had but it's so long
that kind of just works my mum was like
you need a haircut I was like oh thanks
oh yeah I need a moustache trim look at
it it looks just looks like pubes stuck
to my face with glue day with mother are
you happy I'm back in the country
yeah I'm not looking too good today so I
think you're beautiful
okay you're beautiful just the way you
are even though you didn't wash your
hair and it's all greasy
well well alright so we've come to John
Lewis because hopefully because I need
to find myself a cabinet and for my TV
unit back at my house and also my mom
needs a fridge which I obviously if you
guys remember I bought her a birthday
she bought one and it was the wrong size
cuz she's a genius genius yeah yeah yeah
whatever
oh the food in England is exquisite home
sausages onions and chips it was
supposed to be bang vision Matt bangers
and mash before they ran out of action
everyone got sandwich buy used oculus
rift here the 475 pounds or buy new
without the sweat on the airholes
for 500 and does not seem like a good
deal either is she doing with his bridge
mom what are you doing no what are you
doing so this is the fridge Obama mom
does not come with the champagne by the
way that's a empty bottle most
unsuccessful journey ever didn't get my
mom a new fridge didn't get myself a
cabinet went to buy myself a blender for
the cocktail mixer map of my house
tomorrow and low and behold they did
have luck
so yep whatever I do have to say if I
didn't have my howdy TT as my first car
a 350 said would definitely have been my
car that to me is a very nice cat okay
I'll teach you how to use airdrop after
I just say another failure of a mission
to try and find a cabinet unit for my
house I've been looking for this thing
for two and a half years and I'm finally
getting around to actually get it done
so I think you have to go look at
another place in am on Monday and that's
about that so now I've got to teach mom
how to use airdrop
I wish my bird resistor is this fun
it's been nice spending the day with you
I was not expecting you to turn up so
early but it wasn't a successful mission
but hey got a new laptop - damn it in
the vlog now hopefully gets a point I'm
thankful nice to know you love me
get out my house love you dude
I have God you know what even though you
are you know technically black it's like
you are yeah you're definitely more dark
than me
I was hoping to come back and compete
with you but it clearly didn't work out
welcome to pimp my ride granddad edition
I'm joking around at my granddad's house
because I was out today and he's like
Tommy are you back in the country I'm
like yeah I'm back in the countries like
Tommy I know you are am i Greg earnest I
bought you a steak and I'm gonna cut
your steak dinner so the only person in
the world he calls me Tommy the tables
already set ready to rock and roll and
apparently the foods cooked so I am
definitely gonna be rating this out of
10 you better know cook this all by
yourself
oh they forgot mashed potato cauliflower
and a steak off you don't have you don't
mistake okay okay hey you do that you
but you do know I'm gonna rake it out at
end oh yeah I'm gonna give it is this a
steak cause it's a pork chop
no this is a sirloin steak I guess your
Jenny weld on them that is pretty good
that you're good you made the gravy me
what is it
so it's Bisto on do the Christmas I got
him an iPad and got on the internet so
now he watches my blogs what do you
think about daily vlogs all right yeah
what what do you think I can do to
improve them stop swearing yeah I know I
really should work good decision grandad
and how cute is that he watches well so
now when I travel the world you know
what yeah you know what I'm doing
you can
women watch it and then when I get that
we can just talk about it going perfect
lovely meal you finish yours already but
a room temperature banks room don't
brought your bags just let me show you
is that ring yeah she was like you can
have a beer or a pot of tea I was like a
lot of beer it just keeps it here just
nice and room temperature oh my gosh you
just you just got a lovely man here is
the greatest granddad of all time so
that is my home page so whenever you go
to it which ever video which ever new
picture you you know these are all
different pictures right whichever that
this one is in the top left-hand corner
that's the new video so that's the video
that's just going around today that's me
saying how am I related to this thing
which is obviously Alice so if you want
to like what you can watch over the past
few days is yesterday's swimming with
dolphins do you see that one yeah oh
yeah oh you've watched half of that one
yeah swimming with dolphins kite
boarding and then that one so yeah you
can see oh you can see some of the ones
you've watched you didn't watch much of
that one looks like a minute of that
let's see that red bag shows me how much
if you watch like this one yeah you
watched like 18 minutes of that you
watched this one as well so there you go
you're looking subscribing are you oh
yeah you subscribe I'm gonna give you an
eight right I think that's pretty good
but you know what let you don't yeah
no carrots no carrots yeah I like how he
made mashed potato because you meant to
make yet to come as clean serious
possums like Tom they were supposed to
be potatoes but they got really mushy
really soggy so I motioned them down
instead
hey well come here man great to see you
again come on love you Chuck give you a
kiss no okay alright well I'll catch you
next time Tommy
right after one year yeah perfect
it's getting cold out in it oh yes
parked over there be on the ball right
right fist bump hey you know you did
that one well right go watch the vlog go
watch the vlog alright see you later
mate I have about three minutes before
oh no three minutes late to the film
already bought this 20 minutes a trailer
so should be alright join with jin-joo
hey I don't know what that hello was
about but right going watching Logan
I've been dying to watch it since I was
in the came around and so I'm just like
ever else he's busy tonight I'm like
late you want to go brothers like
 let's do it so let's go watch
okay
just like that Logan's over we didn't
miss the first five minutes which I
would assume he's mad important to the
storyline we managed to find my
chocolates I left behind but I keep it
like it was good it's not bad I'd give
it I'd give it an 7.5 maybe the whole
movie was a chase one do you care to
explain your fashion sense right now now
you look like a twat I'm a home
sweet home it's only ten eleven right
now so this is not bad timing and I know
listen I know I've already got a razor
laptop right I know I've got one and
it's pretty much the exact that it looks
the same it's kind of built the same
however this laptop has a brand new
graphics card it like a really good
graphics card these are the stats my
brand new PC is rockin and a-rollin it
has got the brand new i 7k be late I
don't know if I'm saying that okay be
like processor from Intel absolute beast
it's rocking a GTX 1060 this thing has
got a lot of firepower I'm playing I'm
like get it all together for some reason
I'm just in outplayed by everyone and
I'm like what the hell is going on and
I'm like wait a minute wait a minute
wait a minute settings region I'm
playing against people from North
America from England
derp mistake time to apply this one and
rather problem solve this doesn't mean
it's gonna make me any better of a play
it well he got it it it kind of makes me
feel like I'm a bit of a better player
because I was doing so bad against
Americans because I'm in the UK but it
doesn't mean I'm gonna win any games any
time soon so we'll just have to try oh
boy I've been messing around with Mackin
yusin's to try and like play games then
make my videos on the move and make him
look pretty pretty crisp
I swear o'clock in the morning right now
for this clip that I'm making right now
is like 11 seconds long if that to make
11 seconds worth of gaming videos boom
nearly well it's gonna take like two
minutes to make yeah that just makes no
sense it's a new dawn it's a new day I'm
gonna wrap up this vlog now so I hope
you enjoy it nonetheless don't forget
guys around I say around cuz I was herb
around next Thursday the brand new
syndicate regional shirts coming out
don't forget if you think it's just this
it's not there's a whole print on the
back I know that was great promotion for
a shirt
well either way next those ladies should
be coming out so keep your eyes peeled
for them and I'm gonna wrap up this vlog
now because I'm going meet my granddad
and we're going down to Manchester
because you guys just seemed to love him
innit like what what a great guy I get
back from America's like tell me I want
to cook you me and I'm like are you sure
you don't wanna go out for meals doc no
I want to cook your meal so we did and
it was great so I'm gonna go now so
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave that like training make
sure you click that subscribe button and
I'll catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog
