day two insomnia I feel I am struggle
Boston today my body aches everything I
had is just congested having a cold is
the most annoying thing in the goddamn
world
it's just a little gift package what's
your name Emily very nice to be Emily's
just rocked up at their back I look at
this I care buckets for me given I'm
struggling
I appreciate oh my god Izzy this is
incredible look at that Wow my guy rocks
up with a bully wives teacher made the
most of it tattoo Wow what is it
open it bloody hell wait any washers no
no it's what you made it
how long did that take Wow oh my
goodness me that is insane please just
turned up with the weirdest gift ever
but cool it's not a cane it's a cup you
go down he's got me a real cover for my
defender with a violin on it so when I
got off on a bonus might have better to
see what it looks like
thank you very much my mark so he
couldn't be a but he made me this potato
Wow
Jamie they have just won best ever pop
figure gift oh my god Jamie pickle Rick
with a laser borough oh my god
what's in the box a pretty girl looking
bucks I'm gonna lie oh my gosh
juggernoid quick reviving gobblegum I
reacted I was just mad to work saying
like I'm taking tablets every four hours
without fail oh my nose you still want
and all the sudden these guys rocked up
with it and then the reaction was
they've got me one of them you're the
Manchester's warranty my showing yes it
got me a shirt yeah but not just that
I said send the gala boy thank you very
much I'm sorry the lights on they're a
bit awkward but thank you yeah fun like
bars and stop running people over today
but you said you want to give a
shout-out to a brother yeah shame
Oh shave you watching this which loves
you face Dakota came through cuz last
time I saw him I said I love this revive
hum so we ordered this from glitching
Queen look it's about a model but it
opens up and I've now got my over my
heart it's awesome
what's going on girl me I know is that
we waited to raise money for charity but
these guys are putting ninety-five Jesus
on this is not very expected to find
myself insomnia cows on top of me
literally what do you doing what are you
doing keeps look at means chat telling
me to poo no end of day two it's been a
it's been a good'n met a lot of people
really ill really exhausted bought and
that's so many people so oh my god oh my
god escaped butchered
oh he drops him oh my god welke done
sensei
oh my god I was so gassed for this fight
I'm so gasps police fire I love him I
love him lol oh he's got this in the bag
I love scarce but you know it's gonna
kick the living shit out of him sorry
sorry scared
oh yeah it would be scared don't run
against them if you wanna get zip okay
oh he's about to get broken come on
scarce for pussy jeez man Phil p8 oh my
god I can't believe there's Byron see
that was a laptop that was often used
like a spinning punch you should let go
yeah guess you've just like I did think
that Rocky was gonna win but scarce you
just talk such a beat in but you're a
hero
you didn't go down put it on yeah yeah
the twins are the best people have that
raelia this is like it's so random that
YouTube got to a point where we look at
us at watching other youtubers boxed
like it's so good they're under but I
love it absolutely love it it's gonna be
goodbye oh my god watch baby going up he
doesn't know what to do sure god no he's
fucking punched back what the hell that
was so good Chang Swami will come any
pussies he tries to throw and then he
just comes back guys a big massive
ocular second I love that Byron's you
set the items oh my god oh my god J your
beast come on Jake you're an absolute
trooper broke it up sleep trooper
there you go final round but dude give
just goes mental
Gabe goes medically just ask one Dukan
style Oh Mae
J good lad well done muck EJ brother
unlucky incredible fight though even
though you lost you did not lose you
gained the heart of everyone mate
wealthy dude mega proud yes I'm saying
this right out of all the videos of
veggie training I get his ass kicked by
like friends all I fought over for her
I just secretly hold it was a joke
for him to actually be a police and then
you take the shit if he kicks the shower
Jake Deji is gonna be the most legendary
youtuber in the world because I love
that YouTube promising like I'm actually
so hyped for this the funniest thing is
when someone said do you say so cool
know that you star the biggest like not
many people can dress like it's rey de
belem dead ji please daddy put please
pull off some wizard shit mate so many
performances in front of so many large
people that this crowd will not face in
defiance just right just enjoy this
moment of everything because this will
not be having for the longest time ever
again like this YouTube highest we might
exist the longest time ever from this
point odd this is like a YouTube history
you'll never get this feeling again the
longest I'm yeah nice after all I'll
give him that
super cool there we go look at the
for√ßas me vlogging the vloggers
one of the damages on
from one judge well you've got this
brother
oh they did he touch gloves with respect
Gigi
Oh gorgeous be the money go on Deji go
on Mon elections look at the crowd me
I feel like crying I seriously feel like
cryin oh my god it you're fine with it
finally got to punch Jake from the face
oh my god Jay Paul is creating what do
you think what do you think because you
got lot cleaner punches okay and you did
more words but the damage is done when
you got a boo-boo
I feel like crying oh my god
look look at the heads of my arms okay
Scotty mouth open yeah gasping oh my god
was a big thing is that the fighting
isn't really gonna get any better easy
because they've just got no energy for
the punches unfortunately that's all
tired
Kingsdale lot tighter Jake Parliament
not so easy
ah refs calling this wave you off peace
out
damn it damn it damn it a wookie dead
juice fuck the balls the balls they go
hey everyone he's so proud of them they
like j-jake one has ever thought dead G
if you ever see this you truly have got
the respected by everybody everybody
amazing well done mate
seriously well done wait wait now I may
only stop swimming up a hole you've
caught up Chris Brown it's a good wall
I'll be back yeah everybody walked up to
this world love him or hate him that
outfit is god damn sick that is showing
boxes how it was done mate that is
amazing he does unless he's dribbling
point out there no I think I've got no
way yeah hey wait what's interesting I
don't know how I feel about my game my
games this has been built up for so long
I know yeah look there's a big TV there
we don't know how to feel because I
think I'm more disappointed no once it's
done it's done
Hogan he's gonna get the first punch
no I already like look at this what see
bring both for the air I want to see you
that's what I'm gonna say yeah yeah yeah
yeah oh my god Logan he's laughing Logan
he's actually laughing
Logan's slogans like god I was nice
oh my god yeah okay now eat soup today
is soaked up in these outscored on the
job oh response to that Oh
Logan's just getting these hits before
now I know you are you are up a little
peep who the fuck goes up you're gonna
fuckin Mikey - shit - Colfax that is a
cheap shot
yeah Oh - whoo - JJ knows if he gets
close now though no but why it's insane
how much how much his attitude changes
when he gets close to him
well the probe just up a nerves token
that is how in wow wow this is
completely changed now JJ's tired yeah
but Logan just walks what was that Oh
JJ's roll mud JJ's got like a folded by
old base oh this is incredible show oh
all the fights have been amazing
whoa now you gave it now he's a puppy
they can't defend themselves gonna call
it 30 seconds that anything can happen
oh wow this is men oh so much respect to
both these lads they're giving it their
everything
final final round oh my god
I can't believe it yeah I call the draw
I can't draw so many times so they can
have a rematch yeah oh my god Oh final
round all this beef led to this oh shit
oh my god JJ oh my god oh my god yeah
Logan's noses got it Logan's noses gone
oh my finishing finishing oh my god
Logan is will early does it know what to
do yes well PTC put him on the deck put
him on the deck come on put him on the
ground
come on ten seconds shout ten seconds
left you blame no three oh my god if
it's a goddamn tie you can't say it
wasn't a good fight and a bullshit of
the draw bar dude JJ JJ
haha my guy I honestly reckon - hi oh my
god damn JJ no I looking hurt
no that is the right decision look at
every one I took I said it from day one
the church is very trite it was a draw
it was a draw
yeah they cannot believe that it
actually was a draw it truly was a
drawable it was such a goodbye oh yeah
abrupt ending right there what it like I
was so goddamn exhausted and so tired
that after we watched the fight I just
came here and passed the hell out that
was said until I jumped on Twitter and
in it definitely did not come across the
way it was supposed to do and to anyone
who was like genuinely upset or insulted
with what I said it was not meant to
come across that way and even like
reading about my tweets I'm like I can
see how people have read into this
incorrectly because on Twitter last
night I jumped on I was like trying to
support people paying for watching the
fight like you saw I pay for the fire
and I was encouraging people to do so
and I had so many people and Twitter
getting at me being like no screw you
you've got money you could afford this
fine and I was like it's seven pound
fifty but if you can afford it then you
can afford it like it's only like maybe
two drinks if you're gonna go out in the
night outdoor have two drinks you can
afford the fight you know just trying to
work out like some sort of like like a
like common ground of like justification
of like this is how you can afford the
fight and a lot of people came at me
view not being like well Tom not
everyone's got money I only understood
this like not every single person in
life can just go I'm gonna spend money
this I'll spend money on that and that's
not where I was trying to come across
with this it was the amount of people
who were like pirate in the stream like
they were like tweeting links about it
or sharing it or they were on Twitch
promoting it and stuff like that and the
reason why I got so defensive about like
guys if you can support the stream by
paying seven pound fifty which you know
if you're gonna pay for any sort of
entertainment like go to the cinema or
like you know watch a movie like like
pay for a Netflix look like subscription
or something
seven pound fifty is not a lot to ask to
pay for this because it's like six hours
of epic content and it was it was truly
an amazing fire with so much epic
content and I was just trying to like
defend getting people to pay for it and
you might be like took my again people
to pay for it and it's it's as simple as
this I have so many friends who were
involved in like Oh
in the fight you know getting it
together like just throwing proper like
but the biggest internet event of all
got some time and I want it to succeed
but not only that like the fighters as
well like jjjj all these people I got
really good friends but I want to
succeed and strive fold and have nothing
but the best of success in their careers
and to see so many people being like
I'll fuck you I'm not gonna support you
by you know paying for this like paid
surveys I'm gonna pirate instead I was
like guys like like if you can support
them please do it and I had so many
people jumping down my throat about it
and you know you could say rightly so
not everyone has the money to pay for it
and I get that and I've been playing
devil's advocate all day of like like if
you don't have some pound 50 to pay for
the fight then simply don't watch the
fight but then people will come like
literally tweet let me be like well Tom
I've got medicals to bills to pay so I
can't afford to what to pay for the
fight therefore I'm gonna have to pirate
least remit and I'm like I get the
priority of the medical bills 1% but
then don't get the mindset of I'm gonna
have to pirate it like you don't I dive
to pirate at all you don't have to
promote that kind of service in the
slightest by being one of those viewers
watch it pirated you know you could just
not watch it and then wait for it to
come out for a YouTube video of us free
or you know that sort of stuff like I'm
trying to encourage people to just
support their favorite content credits
because I want to see people strive
forward and succeed and if this fight
did well then who knows how big the next
event could be like apparently like the
other website for the fight was getting
knocked off when like like crazy DDoS
attack as so many people couldn't watch
the fight you know you could say
hand-in-hand like you know people did
actually tried to pay for the fire on
this website but then because that the
website got knocked offline the only way
they could watch it was a pirated stream
and I get the devil's advocate of each
situation but so many people seem like
we're jumping up me being like you know
Tama used to support you used to like
respect your opinion but now fuck you
because of what you're saying you're
totally entitled to say that if you
thought I was wrong 100% then that's
fine but I was just genuinely trying to
support my fellow content creators and
like my friends at the end of the day I
wanted to see them succeed as much as
damn possible because then the next time
they do an event like this who knows how
big it could be so I hope people didn't
get to if anybody like anything that was
saying last night like I was I wasn't
trying to be
like fuck you I tweeted a tweet that was
like oh fuck off because someone was
saying something to me along the lines
of like why would I pay for it when I
can watch it for free and you know it's
that mindset of I get where they're
coming from but if you want content like
this to exist then you know it has to be
funded and this is the way it was funded
by paying for it so I hope the true
people who know me understood where I
was coming from and wanting to support
my friends and fellow creators and to
see how big this next fight could be
even though it was a bloody draw I you
know I could sell that called it was
gonna be a draw I thought it was gonna
be a draw I didn't actually think it was
gonna end up being the drugs I thought
JJ was gonna knock him the hell out in
the final round cuz Logan was absolutely
exhausted well yeah just just mad times
absolutely mad time so guys hope you
enjoyed this vlog if you are still
around if you were involved in like any
like my liked a little tweet drama last
night it was one of them times where if
I've got you know something to say
you're like if you've got some would say
it's like it's a shit or not it was like
I'm gonna hold my tongue something
there's a lot of circumstances
throughout life I just go not gonna get
Bob suck it
I don't need to throw my two cents out
there but it was just crazy when I saw
her a screenshot of like twitch and it
was 1.1 million people watching pirated
streams and I was like wow this sucks
cuz just think of like the revenue that
could have generated from that so then
go towards like the next fight or the
next production thing to someone that it
could have been such a better
opportunity for it for them for the next
time so I was genuinely just trying to
support my my homies and people were
just throwing it back in my face so you
know a hundred seven respect understand
people who couldn't even afford to pay
for the fight or anything like that
and I was just trying to be like okay
then if you can't afford to fight them
I'm sorry you can watch the fight that's
how it is but people throw it back in
the face of like well no fuck you I
count for the fight so therefore I'm
gonna pirate it and it just felt like a
unwinnable sort of argument like I don't
think he could be an argument one from
either side and then at the end everyone
regardless if we paid or they didn't
ever at the end was like Oh refund cuz
no one what I want a refund so it was
just it was madness so yeah just kind of
a bit of a way for me to like like you
understand where I was coming from with
that I just wanted my friends to to
succeed and see this be like the most
epic event they could
could do and maximize it to the most
potential so thank you for watching I am
going now because it's like 11 o'clock
at night and I need to get this video
render time loaded I love you guys faces
I'll see you tomorrow if you were in
sunny today thank you very much for your
love and like I say hospitality but
you're like no time and energy it crazy
that so many people have turned up to
say hello I really do appreciate it but
I have to go I will be going out
drinking tonight and tomorrow I'm
probably gonna be home go over so if I
do see you there homeboy
I may be rough because my footage
finally going there for I'm finally
party and so I'm gonna love you leave
your JJ comedy shorts like every
everyone involved
incredible job the amount of respect
that was shown was amazing apart from JJ
hit him in the back of the head that one
time I'm so proud you've achieved the
most incredible things and I can't wait
to see what you guys do next and I
cannot believe it's actually gonna be a
rematch like you can't write this shit
can you what you can write this shit I
just didn't think it would actually be
written so I'm gonna love you leave you
and I said yes
