right I'm awake the ultimate play from
me
check it out fruit and fiber bowl and if
we go over here oh yeah oh yeah yeah
milk so glad me and shower have some
breakfast brush my teeth get changed and
head up to the venue rockin that new
swag today more importantly what I'm
loving right now is about to sit down
and do the edit just see if I've got
enough time to get it out the way but
little bowl of cereal like there's a
full continental breakfast downstairs
but because I prefer my sleep over
breakfast beside to bring my own
breakfast with me instead hey if you ask
me I'm ready
look at this change showerhead y'all
ready to rock and roll brush my teeth
children on you know got a smell good
feel fresh vogue is actually rendering
and once it's finished I'm gonna load it
and just leave my laptop on here last
time when I came to insomnia I did this
exact same thing boy because that's what
you know like the cat out of the wall it
turns the power off to the plug sockets
I'm a laptop died however some geniuses
already not me
put some wet paper in there to stop it
from turning off so I should with enough
time I got six hours the internet his
terrible I've only like four upload
bought I should have enough time to get
this vlog uploaded by 6:00 p.m. and then
that way all day I don't have to stress
about it in the slightest all I've gotta
get done is a thumbnail title and I'm
done oh I am saying this right now I
would love to have had a haircut before
I came here he's getting that point
where it's just okay but it's a bit too
long so alright let's see how long it
says itacare take blood this vlog i
sixty three days zero i reckon with the
internet two hours two hours it's like a
16 minute video wait what get out in 30
minutes there's no way rate it's time to
rock and roll over to insomnia let's get
going her tend to meet a lot of you guys
I've taken some more tablets still
feeling a bit rundown my mom's got extra
tablets for me to actually take so I've
a guy everything phone wallet passport
keys everything else I can by the way
excuse for my passport everything else I
can buy on the way I think we're good
right I'm not gonna let the cleaners
come in so make sure there's a sign on
the door that says bugger off and just
just a last check this laptop so I'm
gonna turn it off right you're good as
far as I can tell it's not gonna turn
off sweet right we're good we're good
I'm going
director dododo do-do-do-do punch are
powered by pills and Cathy will take
over the world
yes Raisa boo looking absolutely beast
mode time for me to try and find my
stomach I think I can see the corner of
it Alex gave me a bloody medium sure but
look at much better this looked compared
to me vodka this morning but how much
better this shirt looks
I've actually lost not that much weight
but I've lost that much weight to take
me from a medium shirt down to a small
again look at that yeah oh my god what a
difference mother sushi looks good I
like that this is so much better how
much better fit exactly crazy all right
so a starting day one which I like to
say hello to the blogger okay I've got
everyone here saying what a polite crowd
I love it Holly and Kane rocked so we
not only lucozade for artwork now does
the credit go to you for this he brought
this up now look look at that the
dreaded wood nope see you like I think
the only did man light Luis roll up with
like condi cat and hair oh yeah that's
not eccentric but this guy's about to
donate 10 pounds in a box of potentially
the coolest family I ever made oh you
guys you all right real quick what's in
that box
not only did they bring me a swag
package for event but with my
neighboring they brought one from above
and Alice as well thank you oh my gosh
wait
but okay now just to say something
you're awesome and I appreciate them out
in June I really do but oh my god oh my
god Becky look at this it's a
Jagermeister sir
Wow absolutely Wow oh my gosh I have
questions as you buy it they do that's
what pure talent books and form pure
talent some but you don't have so I love
you both what do this some thank you
very much to dry that John Steve we're
happy three-year anniversary Liam see
that's a lot of wristbands yeah a lot of
wristbands not as many as that are you
joking me you're gonna cut off like
circulation to your arm tell me that's
not pure talent did you do this oh my
gosh the ginger sisters Wow oh my god my
granddad's gonna love this guys like
don't know if it's gonna fit just
throwing a 40 quid to the charity box
hey this thing's gonna be filled up more
with notes and it is pounds of pennies I
said pounds of pennies made thank you
bye Shawn absolute legit so much woman
and Emma oh my gosh right I made the
video talk about I don't wanna get rid
of not flamethrower because I want to
put it on the wall like you know chalk
outline this guy's rock top we've Lucio
track from the walking dead
it's just to me then you know how I say
I need my fans in the best places ever
no god damn I knew it was here I was
just kind of freaking out of it okay
first of all who defy merch love it jars
amazing but this have you drawn one for
food by Yeti take that beauty pie that's
for me oh my god
so as you guys know when I went and did
a make-a-wish I did two of them in
London and I'm supposed to go do the
third one like sadly I couldn't do it
tally was too well it turns out I had no
idea the whole idea that previous little
it's up here
legend Rosie you're a wizard look at
that it drawn me and a liar out of Doc's
how long did this take I don't know it
took a few days oh my gosh that is so
sick I've been called out by will Anita
day and I'm saying this right now will I
need my signature and every else isn't
clearly is their name this the heck is
your name wint
that's awful y wy an antique that does
not say willin e sorry what do you say I
don't know he does he definitely does
for the record that will oniy is a
massive nods and his head he's massively
squared
typically it would just be the guy of
Nicole will any of massive noms
everybody's Mesa brought me dog with you
out
Wolfie brought me a Warburton's loaf
yeah nice maybe been on my life thank
you wow look them but the best families
got they never disappoint so what was my
president I've not seen it but for three
years of daily vlogging but three what
did he treat me to a Despicable Me 3
cake do you know what I'm actually gonna
say thank you because I'm gonna eat that
in my hotel room well what's in the bag
yeah what's it what's in the bag what is
it Cherie I see wood I'm thinking
collagen zombies oh there yo did you
made this
he made it oh oh that's a random
thing to give me but yeah okay
still I love most about this this oh my
god it looks like a proper military
great thing well done oh did you make
these
okay that's wicked Cheers today warning
today what I said the courage no stairs
kitchen well thank you very much we help
ladies really appreciate it thank you
thank you
oh by the way yeah this is a Laura not
my girlfriend
I might actually put in time a video
about that grab grab grab crab pizzas
lamb shank look at that that is a nice
little of shows
to sleep in a room we fall what's nice
about sort of jump or alcohol you so it
does I know I do not do food reviews all
that much anymore poor zzs in the hotel
area that was staying
basically absolutely based by food I had
a lunch chunk I'd give it an eight or
ten I couldn't I couldn't resist I can
resist look avenge across the beat sir
how can you not change that yes is
usually this stage in the night what you
see me absolutely wasted out my face but
there's no Alice there's no Cal and
there is no India yes there's lots more
people I can drink with at the pub quiz
boy I will say it's just not the same
it's not the same without them I'm gonna
be the only person so this is a random
murder so I think it's gonna be struggle
bus point right now like literally
turning up to a place where everyone's
gonna be drunk not only like the home is
like I'm Alex and everyone to go and
kick it with and enjoy
you don't Nick the dick ever ever
everyone's there everyone step but
Foley's literally gonna be like where
are you where are you right you're like
where you come in so I'm gonna go over
there but I am just tired go over there
take my time famous last words
and just see how things go cuz right
look outside now I could get in bed now
and fall asleep but I don't come to
insomnia to sleep
I come to get no sleep hence the rape at
all Darren notice how I have no erect
and nipples right out give you five
seconds up nah dude it what is that
someone's gone it's that cord that I've
got damn coming out the most I think
we're going in the right direction
is a big penis this isn't exactly PG but
the photo plan is to pitch around and
it's just porno I've never seen a super
tip doing that and let's just change my
childhood that's Barry Cohen and the
local field mouse Jessie James Jessie J
you've got to be kidding it after all
these years all these years if it
weren't in a place just to buy a Yankee
bubble scrub the night I'm not drinking
we come in they have no alcohol apart
from the buns
you showed it down dilly dilly dilly
dilly yes this is just not a good idea
so any group looks so refreshing let's
go ghost honey
and fight nothing else if you can be
welcome to a book quiz you might as well
be welcome to surmise what go I need you
I knew he'd mess you up
he's spilling on
Oh always good to see this guy
it was so nice to dogs ever welcomed by
I'm not an alcoholic for books ages
got a monster
right
I love being held by my favorite man oh
my god you're so cuddly
no one DS o Allah just just for the
record do you know how subtle one if I
was able to go back to Manchester
tonight
I had to Bogart out mate I've got my car
here you wanted you know how sick of a
PI tomorrow that would be every youtuber
from around the world is in Manchester
is my city
I built my house you're saying all
parties behind under this baby from Jay
there everyone's out tonight was the
only night for me to throw them sick his
house back in history look I genuinely
love me in viewers in my videos but oh
my god it has ever been in the internet
history moment to go
this was the sickest thing ever it would
have been tomorrow night at my house
where several people will have died
there would have been a ksi versus
longer take two at my house you
triggered up a new triggered an emotion
that I was a professor I mean you look
so actually godless Oh No Wow because he
was just an extra two hours brick I just
oh oh
okay you know what all I care about
right now is that I get to wake up I get
a full-body massage like oh babe it's
been over this entire two hours to go
get full-body massage to the morning and
I just get to relax guess what
I'll see Cal did not do PI how all that
go what did we do all night literally
all by Mitch legal nice we paid nine
what do we won out we haven't cheese but
yeah we all knew the vlog was gonna be
like when I was in that state wouldn't
hear so well voice I do manage to like
wake up fresh in the morning and you
know edit it like I was planning to do I
ended up going for the massage had the
massage which I nearly missed and fell
asleep anyway bought that said it's been
the chaos I'll gonna fight it out which
was just absolutely mental if you
actually met me at the event everyone
was saying to me about who do you thinks
gonna win who's gonna win in his thing's
gonna win and I said from like the
moment anyone's asked me about this
fight as much I think guess I was gonna
win that it was gonna be a draw
just because if it was a draw then that
way they could continue the story do the
extra fight in Los Angeles and just
generate more revenue so absolutely
crazy like they managed to pull the
drawer out of the bag if you didn't know
they did have a fight it was epic the
entire show was epic if someone's gonna
complain and say it shouldn't be a draw
you follow and you just don't like
the outcome it should have been a draw
because
it was a really equal fire and it was so
entertaining I was more than happy to
support that sort of like you know
content that they create even though I
was like the trauma of it because it was
it all built up to a height fight and it
was incredible I'm good at J last from
TGIF he's an absolute legend but it was
incredible and deadly we thought he was
gonna go down and round one and he
lasted to the fifth round he should be
so proud of himself
he did amazing way but I have to end
this vlog now guys because I've only got
50 minutes to get it uploaded at
midnight which isn't gonna happen so
this vlog was a bloated past midnight
and I'm just gonna set this right now I
know it might suck but after we hit the
three-year mark you might notice I've
got a bit like C Daisy with the uploads
which is a good but I'm not really
stressed about keeping any sort of
streak going by not getting up by
midnight if I can't get it up and I
can't but I'm not gonna try and kill
myself to do it because I just want to
enjoy being with friends and family a
bit more rather than I can't enjoy this
right now exactly long it is vlog
stressed out up on time so so I had to
disappoint you with that bought just for
whilst I'm at this shot I'm just
exhausted and what until I relax and be
around people and stuff I just need to
give myself that kind of like like
relaxed approach to things so maybe when
I go back home it'll be better but who
knows so I'm sorry it was past midnight
but I love you I'm gonna leave you thank
you very much for watching make sure to
leave a like crane if you enjoy these
videos thanks for taking your time out
of the day click the subscribe button
ding dong the knocking bit notification
about next to it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish for the next day
log so until then sorry yes
