okay well this morning is being
interesting I'm basically walking around
the house naked because I didn't think
anyone was in I'm not naked but I walked
up the stairs I did and I heard
footsteps with like dress shoes this and
then he was a guy in like a business
suit was like I don't know him and also
there was a woman I was like she report
or something so I just I paused they
didn't see me walk backwards and escaped
upstairs start to my day
explain yourself
did you set it back no it's but I'm
gonna do it well I'll tell you all I was
like who did it but I stole yours in the
comments people said I stole your so
I'll do it but now I know who it was
do you think you would've done it put it
back
dude stop vlogging man dude you're
getting there I'm gonna get him so good
don't tell me you did she's very wrong
hey need a cheeseburger why does he need
a cheeseburger get his house oh no he
doesn't need a cheeseburger and I want
them shoes I think yours as well they're
yours damn up to cow's house I have
besides you
Oh perfect kill him explain yourself
dude I'm legit came back I thought I got
robbed for one got robbed I thought
someone came through the back door and
chose to just hook up this setup because
they knew it was mine I was like no
fucking way you know what we'll do this
together did say though like this did
you guys buy this table alright so this
is their table for their podcast I
borrowed it for myself so they only
simply just borrowed it back with style
what though I think it's I think it's
only fair that I'd pour episode 2 of the
fly cast in today's in today's vlog so
if you guys want to see the part
cus that they did the self so thank you
for lending me your desk
thank you for help returning it so in
return everyone go check out the podcast
yeah there you go
teamwork it just slips right back in oh
look at that
even the webcam still on man yep wait a
minute we need to get hitch this book
this motherfucker can't escape pet
punishment free oh god damn it
already back to normal everything I
touch I get an electric shock off
alright anyway this is now setup I can
play some hitch ones do you want thanks
brother now gotta plan some sort of
vengeance on hitch for copying out of
fixing this out you know what you did
fresh shoes pressures the fresh is here
taking credit fresh is here dude what
about these I can't show you it even
though I'd love to but you know
respective respect the rules this is a
crumbs ixnay car which looks amazing
give it a little scripture
okay oh my god there's a fire
extinguisher in here all right man
do we have a full squad going out for
dinner right now this is a combo you're
gonna smoke them all though though cuz
you'll do the speed limit I would but I
don't know cease ceases no I would have
thought this would have seemed like fun
to carbon-fibre ones can you pull up
what no sir
all right where are we going I'm
following you guys true man he got a
manual
really dude I was looking this way I
just look forward
oh oh you're a good guy thanks for
letting me film it look at this oh my
days that's an upgrade you went from a
BMW m4 BMW I'm for returning up buys we
turn it up I hate old looking Porsches I
hate them absolutely despise them I
think it's like a poorly unfinished car
but this this is just crazy
this is just crazy I love it man hey
playing video games man so much better
than info beautiful some crispy tacos
but oh my you didn't fuck I don't fuck
that looks incredible yeah I've got more
coming as well I've never got more
crispy chuckles come in that looks I
don't like to look at that I'm pretty
too many leaves on that
no no no no no you don't like enchiladas
now dude just like just like soggy bread
wait I'm gonna go for it put that
feedback down there surely that's not
mine how could my hair have made it over
there it's definitely definitely not
ginger that's yeah that was my last but
me versus optic seem as though I'm
staying at your house all right so this
is gonna be at how much is the bill 120
120 but I'm paying for everyone's food
if it lands on me I decided to go
shopping with my other favorite ginger
and spring gooseneck likes always Lex
always drives me here to get shopping
because you guys are extremist he is
there you go yeah listen thank you she's
got talent because she can make people
look like anything we paint and what do
you do
so yeah roster and they had absolutely
nothing and we're probably gonna miss
our rubra
for fun yet they're gonna go back to the
optic house and then oh I don't know I'm
doing for the rest of the day I think
I'm just dreaming h1z1 sir I think this
will look really good on you like Seth
yeah oh yeah I love a scale of 1 to 10
how good do I look with this out there
yeah mines pretty fresh
dude what which is fresher I look like
Rocky Balboa it's the shoes every 2017
edition
D I'm sorry alright the setup is pretty
much back to normal I don't think
there's anything that I'm missing right
now you know just got plugging my
headphones I'm good to go
oh wait there's one thing missing could
I forget this of course maybe yo we're
ready oh by the way if you guys are like
oh my god is he actually play an
infinite warfare know what I'm doing is
I'm putting I'm putting this this is
what I'm using this game for I put that
there then I've put my laptop on top of
it so it gets enough oxygen underneath
it so it doesn't open here or anything
so well I just started live-streaming
and I heard the notification saying
someone subscribed to me on Twitter I'm
like wah wah wah wah what
Swanage on twitch has been subscribed
for 38 months that mean that might
actually be the longest subscription
ever I could actually I got to film like
that and talk to the webcam that might
be the longest subscription ever Hey
stiva thank you very much to subscribe
subscribed it as well he says watch but
deviation for 24 hours as well - so I'm
trying to live streaming here but the
problem is me and frosty over here are
using the same Wi-Fi so we can't both
stream at the same time so I'm dropping
loads of frames so I'm gonna go try and
find out with the hitch what we can do
to be able to stream at the same time
man I tell you what this is really odd
but my sister and Kyle see this more
than anyone boy when they see me playing
video games cuz it's always in the vlog
and they watch the vlogs and they're
always it's good to see you pop gaming
again you're gonna post videos on your
main channel and the answer is yes
because like you know I was gonna like
do the zombie stuff which do you want to
do but I don't always just want to make
some B's content on the gaming channel
so h1z1 right now is like the absolute
best is so much fun it's so fucking
entertaining so I'm doing like
highlights of just playing I'm like the
Clipper selector second 30 second 30
second videos is that one of my favorite
ways to do video
and I've got a really really good video
in the works oh I cannot wait to post it
once it's ready
I need like three more minutes with the
footage and he's ready whoa what the
hell is going on it's so foggy outside
or misty or whatever you want to call it
but oh this is spooky this is my uber
driver this is the one thing about
Chicago everywhere I go there's always a
cop pulling someone over always looks
spooky as hell in his weather as well
yeah this is just stupid oh look at this
almost like a Vinny once before this is
only a little appetizer I'm having here
but Oh shrimp or France whatever wrapped
in bacon
only in America oh my god these are on
fire this is so fucking spicy I can't
eat this meal there's oh the optic guys
are all going off to Atlanta as soon and
they're gonna leave me behind because
I'm going back to England so I'm getting
suppliers yeah okay the tissues are
blowing my nose
Frosty's for the cereal and milk for the
cereal I mean Frosty's for the morning
that goes out a date on the 18th its
goes out on the 22nd all the supplies I
need but look at this the dude perfect
guys have their own toys in store that
is amazing oh my god I'm so proud of
them youtubers have come so goddamn far
just drive safe man
take your time drive safe and we'll get
there when we get there
it is thundering and lightning like
crazy this lightning is insane all of a
sudden there's just like a flash flood
in Chicago right now and we're driving
along anywhere how fast you need to get
to your destination I was like woman no
rush and then he said oh I don't know if
you've noticed but the car swerving
because I don't have enough air in my
tires and I looked and we're like this
like a snake I was like yeah go ahead
and put some air in your tires as we
were driving along we hit a big massive
puddle of water and we basically had
complained it's the point where the
entire vehicle went sideways and we
nearly smashed into another car on the
other side of the road so that was
pretty intense is anyone awake no I'm
not sure everyone is probably in bed
anyway
time for me to get dry maybe play some
haitch ones you want and then go to bed
it is this is it my first ever H ones
that you want to highlight video getting
ready to go my youtube channel happy
with it content with it satisfied with
it but what I'm not satisfied with is
the fact that it's nearly 6:00 o'clock
good morning
I never when you're finished I'd now
love to say oh I get to get in bed and
fall asleep and it's gonna be all great
nope I now need to have the pleasure of
edit in the vlog which I still haven't
done uploading that before I can even go
to sleep and then I can get some rest so
is everyone in your sleep I thank you
for watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe
and whenever this gaming video goes live
I don't know if it'll be today or
tomorrow or something whenever it does
I'll make sure to link it so if you guys
want to show some love and support by
dropping a like rating on it and sharing
the video I really I don't know what it
is done oh it's a race play I'd really
appreciate that so until tomorrow thanks
for watching and adios
