oh it's a cold cold morning in England 5
7 a.m. and if you can see behind that
gate there's lights cuz Matt taxi be
awaiting ladies and gentlemen we are
starting a new adventure and we are
going for the very first time to Abu
Dhabi games con Middle East here I come
I was a very nice ride thank you very
much to appreciate up see live 8 all the
best one nice guy
turns out he did 31 years in the spec
mass I probably said that wrong but I'm
pretty sure Russian military damn
okie-dokie
905 Abu Dhabi 52 to 59 and you know what
I flown with Emirates before so there we
go
ok so shout out to the Middle East Games
con organizers they did indeed book me a
business class flight so thank you very
much for that I'm gonna flash track
through there get to the airport lounge
and check it out new holiday new glasses
I'm thinking these ones like them and
it's about time I upgrade from the six
to the seven two hours left to go I have
got to check in to the 1903 lounge to
this one and it seems to be the furthest
one away however I picked up via the
GoPro which I'm looking forward to
checking out because yeah that's all
Casey nice that film an entire day with
it and the stability it was new nose I'm
looking forward to that and I got a
phone case from my phone
wait I've never really done before I'm
not a case guy but we're gonna see how
it goes
that's pretty nice-looking selection
cakes and stuff and even more stuff oh
this is good oh yeah my gate would be
all the way at the bottom gate 31 to
added a boot is now boarding it's
finally boarding for the queues all the
way at the front over the bike there
where that big guitar guy is so why does
everyone keep this much they just sit
down and wait there we go seven-hour
journey let's go crazy I'm done a dumb
dumb dumb okay
Tom for the next seven and a half I was
nice I got on the plane
and the guy who was sat here looked at
me was like really that's weird many
choices for seat so Nick as his friends
are back there I was like
but we don't show you my service do this
okay so this this is home for the next
five seven and a half hours I get scream
table kohanga light really and yeah I
just totally punched my screen think it
was touch screen oh hell you don't mind
if I take a free business class like
healthcare or something great menu
picking time we have chicken sandwich
beech mushroom pie seasonal fruit and
ice cream flavor little action on the
side crisps baked cookies and the Arabic
back lava for starters we have a
selection of hot and cold Arabic
appetizers I want to be called sugar 4
means a short ribbon Phillip Cod
Chiquito Brioni
pappardelle don't all on that they do
cheese and then you got orange sponge
pudding with Bonavita fresh fruit and a
selection of ice cream again wait that's
whether they be a champagne the
champagne I'm drinking is a pipe that
has that curved it looked from Thomas
nice wine that smiles oh my god I am so
excited there's why like seriously
excited I've not watched so many films
that came out and seller recently which
doesn't make sense because like all the
time but look how many films I haven't
seen oceans a tank
Jurassic world hereditary
I haven't seen yet
this flight is gonna fly by hey I'm
trying to watch a film but I'm being hit
with ABS of why fly and here we go
like you
one
there's nothing of that
drama nothing
even no vision because the simple eyes
massage
on and off spa waves and its really
new film case is pretty big in the
Senate right now guaranteed that find
out the phone case lay down means I'll
drop it and it smashes rather let me
drop it in it survives wait
I kind of went to bed at 1:00 a.m.
really struggling
so far oceans eight good good film but
just very slow like it's 57 minutes in
and nothing's happened I fell asleep
watching
Jurassic and starters have arrived so
this is like you know who to expect
where I'm going so let's see how it goes
the cheese pastry
and now from main course chicken and
rice support
we are about five minutes from arrival
so Abu Dhabi I am almost inside you I
can say that was a very very comfy sleep
I didn't intend on I thought I pretty
much slept the most why I watched
Jurassic world and yeah and then just
slightly in Thai way I actually tried to
find the sleep or couldn't know so it's
7 p.m. in let's get to know tell beach
we've made it through security it's now
time to exit I didn't check a bag
because I'm not an idiot
travelers top tip trying to fit
everything into hand luggage that way it
stays with you at all times
now that is some dope artwork that was
some faffing about I left my boarding
pass on the plane and they needed to
scan it to find out which car I was in
and where I was going as part of the
chauffer service so I had to explain to
him like yeah tom cassell and then why
we can't find your system can't find
your on the system lo and behold it was
like you named Thomas Gaston I was like
yep only family owns about 20 min itself
that's a lot of doctors on nurses so
let's chicky she was checked into my
hotel and it's time to go to my room
before I go to my room there's a museum
in my hotel okay that's pretty cool
definitely gonna check that out this
seems very nice someone in this hotel
absolutely loves marble so the plan is
it was staying here for three nights
me and Simon and this hotel I went when
you've been I'm gonna spend two more
days somewhere else in a different hotel
we're gonna be going to his really cool
stuff okay but it's my room okay hello
my gosh this is a big room and it lights
lights lights lights trying to put this
it yep you need to put my key in the
hole
okay and you go and on huh okay okay
take two on on yeah
no shower oh oh give no shower I can't
do it
I really want to have a shower really
sweaty Bush anyway bathroom okay we got
bathroom and oh my Lodi look at this
okay I'm assuming that there might be a
bathroom in there a second bathroom but
desk for edit in desk for the same yes
sure nice loungy table I like it not
good bit TV looking cool and sit down
read Edgar or whatever is let's take a
look i'ma be warm on what am I looking
at what can't what can I see from here
this looks like is it like a cool top
area okay look Callens like it I don't
think I can see a pool but it definitely
looks like some sort of lounge area I
like to look at that I'm gonna maybe
assume that that thing you can see in
the background is where me and Sam are
gonna do meet and greets all day a games
Club maybe maybe again this is very nice
and this is definitely upgraded AHA or
boys a boy skis oh this is nice or like
this press ok to continue and that's
definitely bent but you know whatever so
it's only 8 o'clock when it feels like
it's like 4 o'clock and more import
beautiful lucky bird that is actually
gorgeous is this gonna be about this is
give me a bathroom oh it's a bit wait
it's out this bush Oh boys boys keys Oh
boys keys and yeah there's a decimal
I actually thought there was no better
like bath or shower I was like as I
don't know if that's normal but sure
whatever
beautiful-looking bath his-and-her sinks
liking it got a toilet and a book washer
over there and like a nice shower with a
big old shower head this is very very
nice spot for the important test are you
ready oh okay oh okay
no no memory foam or anything like that
but that is a spring gas bed and after
being like lay on a plane for a couple
of hours heaven you're like him in the
kitchen of my house because I it feels
like someone's had a rave because listen
to how sticky the floor is really it's
only eight o'clock so these things like
I could do in rude dining that sounds
like a win
oh we got summoned Phyllis tiger prawns
Australian beef tenderloin Australia
beef ribeye oh I chicken rice and
flavors quite nice but it sounds pretty
better I'm just a shoe store don't know
how I thought it was just storage but I
found my mini fridge in my first attack
oh okay what we got we get all the
minibar
all right so finally minibar Pringles
nuts almost any of them any better
okay that's everything about can hear
them what you got what you got okay
apple juice a little bit Absolut Vodka
red label dry gin we have a KitKat
you don't make I might actually nom not
with now with extra milk cook coca I
might actually eat that straight away
and you know what nothing sounds better
in the world right now then a cold
sprite oh heck yeah oh heck yeah don't
mind if I do that I'll go do now is find
the device to open it with you have a
bottle opener oh and you don't want me
to be a genius look you get free water
everywhere likes free water there it's
free what are there donate use your
brain
yeah use your brain put this in here
cool water bro water for later boom
and it's free that wasn't here Oh mmm
need a bottle opener you got one you has
it is he didn't hear you got it but nope
you got you got to put know anything no
cattle no okay we're gonna have to charm
on it's gonna say we got to do this
old-school like on the side of a surface
you know like pop off the top
wait let's check it's not a twist lid
twisted no some people know how to open
this with like out like you know say if
you have a lighter summer and just go
but I don't what can i impress you guys
with as a life hack of how to open this
oh wait no way can this was a Pringles
come on the power oh good
how to open a can vol with a pack can
freeze a guard even open it
look at that fresh bright boys spoil it
all down myself don't worry
well there's a way there's a there's an
opportunity I don't want to say with
that but looks like looks like a robbed
the place look at so every doors open
every lights on mine get me in this
better that's me KitKat behind but I'm
already halfway to the bed oh oh say
something
I don't feel those put that's a creek oh
I didn't feel those pillows I was told I
was a pretty good pretty damn good 25
minutes later I've finally got me in at
networking and something that I
completely did not like take into
consideration in this light this is
something I forgot they have English
book sockets what's up sup looking at
the menu maybe some food and I'm like
Red Bull 69 a Edie so I'm like how much
is 69 AED and it turns out that 69 a
Edie I don't know if that's for a pack
of 4 I just want I'm pretty sure it's
just one is 14 quid oh okay
and just like that yeah boys hearted up
no joke an Australian ribeye I don't
know how it's gonna taste you might like
why are you in Abu Dhabi and eating a
rib eye um I don't know one is it so I
was gonna unbox the GoPro this is the
hero 7 by the way again I keep running
how good it is because I watched Casey's
video and then after that I just went
watching like loads like mountain bike
videos and like snowmobiling videos
stabilisation in that thing's epic
not sponsored but food has arrived and
oh my gosh look at the size of this
ribeye steak medium cooked
Australian and
think of ever ever ever in my life had
an Australian ribeye so very much
looking sharp forward to that sauteed
mushrooms french fries Wow your man's
going for that taste tester you ready
how long a pH Australian current
situation if you've never watched the
show big mouth really really really
funny show thanks terrorize I've get me
into it
steak food all's good in the hood I've
got until 5:00 p.m. tomorrow so I can
literally do whatever wants dope as late
as I want sleeping all day before I have
to go to the event great I'm in
transition type annoys these place for
me to do this out day one Samba is gonna
make it
obviously you'll see tomorrow's plug me
me in a retirement I'm saying it for now
I've already spent a half a day with him
alright
people are comedians have it tomorrow
make sure you leave a like grade well I
have to in today's vlog here
I've been Abu Dhabi for three days that
in Dubai for two days
and it's just gonna be an amazing
adventure today's blood was super late
just because Byron was traveling back
from Amsterdam I didn't send him the
porridge in case he got back quicker
than I was able to edit it but I just
jumped on it did itself it's currently
half past six in the UK this works hope
we're going to get uploaded by seven I
don't know comment down below on time
you watch this out and for the best ball
honest guys second unit there's gonna be
daily vlogs every day 6:00 p.m. for the
next line five to six days of it so make
sure you subscribe children on occasions
at all it's six papers next day a blog
which I believe my room will be around
to be able to edit so I'm gonna love you
guys leave your house
until that much love you
