it's not a good way to start the day
stop ow my ears look judge yai Bevins
bin she's clean the entire house it
works cleaned in Newt the miserable day
in England but good I'm surprised that I
have to say this right now I'm a little
bit worried you might be like Tom what
you're worried about
I'm worried that I'm getting sick and
the Arab like oh no what's going on I
feel like I've got like a face cold
coming on like ahead call them on my
bones ache in my body everything about
me is just aching right now and that
makes me really worried because I've got
insomnia coming up I do not want to be
Pauling pompous Abbott's I listen to
music while the fastest hour all right
beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful
our living room right now something that
I love which i think is really crazy
random is that Jake bloody paul logan
paul and edgy they've all been in my
local village today now i live in a
small little village called g cross
right in the middle of bumfuck nowhere
basically and those guys are currently
at Ricky Hatton's gym because that's
like I think the best spec gym for them
to train our until they're at the m en
for the final fight from one direction
to another now I have no idea and
apparently they've been trained there
the past two days we've like open like
gym day so people can go in and watch
and I honestly would have gone down go
and check it out and see what I thought
of the two fighting would have been
quite interesting to see what I've
missed it now which I'm actually good
about but more importantly Reggie went
to the actual gym today walked in and
Jake Paul punched him around the face
like a cheap shot like walked over to
him bang smarts him what all the drivers
going down him a little village of G
cross all runs up as Cal's car so right
I think so if it's gonna roll anyways go
roll into walls I'm fine but I'm having
dinner with our girl tonight area hello
Alice I would cow
and we're having dinner and we're
mentally prepping for insomnia
it looked Megan well they could have a
kid oh they look so good
we're gonna get a new panel put on this
front section book it's looking good
that's the first time I think I've ever
ordered pate and got enough toast for it
nice got myself a monkfish custard
this is gonna be like one of the good
final meals I'm gonna have before it sub
me because when we we just snack on the
most random shit episode yeah literally
subway a holiday every day I wish I
might actually bring my own bread I'm a
packed lunch every day we've had our
final meal at least what do you want to
do right now Carla voiceover I can't I
just what gold get in the bed it's it's
eight o'clock at night I just got gone
getting bed asleep I'm so I'm exhausted
I'm so tired my body showed that around
me the answer regarded action about to
throw down pisses new pains the dad bill
Wow are you ready I lost the last one my
granddad
little cow well then how now how's your
mortgage payments going yeah not good
she got in a bellhop I'm tired whatever
bed now this struggle bus is real Oh
once let me go to that MySpace baby shit
I thought you're gonna let me come in
with you bad boy oh you know what we all
need like private license plates I'll
ask you know I mean what what you won
what color great
I'll not be easy enough to find anything
special about it okay we'll see what the
kaffarah say there cure to everything
cup of tea
honey in it and look how happy she looks
literally got like a perfect little
smile I'm truly not about it forever
stuff I cannot wait make it look like
I'm petting him from here look I do the
whole thing I like it down is a Shh hey
wow that's a big bearded dragon looks
like what are you doing I'm sorry Peter
Cronk about to personals and a cup of
tea and I'm feeling much better so I've
been wanting all day to react to this
logan paul diss track because like you
know when something like that comes out
you've got a 20 quicks it's like you
know when a new trailer comes out for a
movie you've got to be quick on it so I
get it out there otherwise there's just
no point so seeing as though it's still
fresh in like the daytime like 9 p.m.
I'm gonna put Stephen back for a bit I
hold myself together tonight I managed
to finally get edited and starting to
render a voyage of the deep episode 3 so
that we got upon the main channel soon
but not only just getting that done I
managed to get the video up on the major
of me reacting to Logan Paul's diss
track really didn't think I was gonna
get outside honest my body felt like it
was just shutting down completely but I
just got smaller took some paracetamol
add a cup of tea with honey in it and
you know what I feel so much better so
I'm glad I got up on the channel this is
gonna be render it overnight and then
maybe tomorrow that video and go live so
if you're watching this right now that
video voyage of the deep will probably
be
for your faces to enjoy at like 7 8 p.m.
ish so if you're a fan of Minecraft I'm
my content and you did my Schwarz
livestream you'll be able to chew in and
watch this I'll put a link in the
description this is really random but I
just loved this clip from the mountain I
pretty sure it's come out right I think
ya thought aka the mountain under
Bradley Martin's channel listen to what
he just said they're talking about I
think whether or not it rather be big or
small and he says this is hot the victim
two cars airplanes yeah so how crazy is
that the biggest unit in the world prey
basically would prefer to be small just
because of how like hard day-to-day
things are it's crazy hearing things
from like people's perspective like that
are they like he is a unit I'd love to
meet in my real life just to stand next
to him to get a photo to gauge how
bloody big is because this guy's massive
and the Bradley here we stood with at
the time yeah oh my God he's huge as
well but it compares it to each other
look look at the size of it and look at
the size of him flirty how my I don't
even get this gameplay recorded put 12
kills I absolutely smashed it the one
thing I'm realizing to get better at
this game I need to start using the
sniper mana tell you what it's been
making me happy and I know one my dad
Shaka oh my god so what this new style
of play I've got is lovely alright that
after 30 years that iconic deep no audio
logo is regenerated I've got this on THX
a employee boosted and let's go
fullscreen play is this the war isn't it
it's the wall
so goddamn every
if I tired sq shaking see you on the
other side oh my god that was kind of
epic all right I know 89 p.m. at night
you like Tom what he's going no this is
shenanigan a that was a good word
shenanigan any sheer agony any
shenanigans I'm trying I'm so tired guys
I've had like four hours sleep I'm full
of a cold and I'm at I 63 I am currently
on the Thursday it's Thursday yes
Thursday the Thursday before I 63 starts
so on Friday I'm gonna be meeting a
bunch of you guys if you are going twice
60 three I can't wait to see you guys
it's gonna be absolutely amazing I'll
throw out my like obligatory hey if you
see me feel free to say hello but like
if I'm eating or I'm going for a poo
they're like the only circumstances
where I'm gonna be like you know you
have to leave me alone a second because
these things are quite important so
you've now been told with that said if
you did get your GCSE results today
congratulations if you did successful if
you didn't all I'm gonna say is life can
be she ate you've you're done goofed and
it is what it is move forward stay
positive
get your shit together the good thing
about exams is you can reset them and
all you going to do is put in the time
the effort and the energy and you guys
can pass it make it happen it's not the
end of the world and one door closes
another five million open so better luck
next time I will actually be doing a
talk tomorrow for wait about like GCSEs
like my experiences with it and stuff
like that and I've kind of done this
sort of stuff before but I have to have
been this right now I tried to do like a
full talk about GCSEs in this video
right now and I've spent no joke the
last hour sat on that bed trying to talk
to you guys about like you know what
opportunities you can do in life and
like where he can lead you and if you
feel like your life's falling apart
around you and that sort of stuff like
what what to do next like if you failed
and I just simply cannot get my words
together today because I'm so tired so
tomorrow I'll give you guys a bit of a
talk about that and I go quite deep so
if you're in a bit of a rut right now
about your GCSE results don't worry it
is not the end of the world okay keep
your chin up it is a really shitty
situation you may have a good excuse you
may have a table excuse you may even
play for tonight all day every day like
nearly 99% of the population and failed
you GCC's I would legit not be surprised
if this year was the worst ever result
of GCSE jutsu fortnight but nonetheless
I'll be talking about it tomorrow guys
so I'm gonna go now I'm really really
really tired I'm bummed up so I need to
like get in bed just fall asleep wake up
tomorrow be nice and fresh so I'm gonna
love you leave your kiss
right you if you failed it'll be more
coming tomorrow about that so guys thank
you very much for watching make sure you
leave a like and subscribe
oh and by the way if the Minecraft video
didn't go live tonight it'll be going
live tomorrow and with that said I
totally forgot to show you guys that we
finally got syndicate royale on YouTube
and we're on 45,000 subscribers on the
new channel so if you guys want to
subscribe before the first 50k now's
your chance to do it I do say this
always subscribe if you're a fan of like
battle royale you know like whether its
pub G a fortnight you know all the new
ones that are coming out that's all I'm
gonna be posted on this channel and I
know I've only just uploaded like two
videos and it's gonna be a bit of a
pause now cuz I mean Sami obviously like
this is where I currently am but yeah we
actually managed to get the name
syndicate row out and the fact that
we're like I like this statistic you
know cuz to hit hundred thousand
subscribers every 1000 subscribers as a
percent we're 45 percent of the way
we're exactly forty five point five
forty three percent of the way to 100
thousand which is just absolutely mental
so guys we're almost at 100k over I
don't know we're almost at 50k but we're
on the road to 100k and if we hit 100k
we get the 100,000 subscriber plaque
which is epic so yeah I can't wait I
can't wait
thank you for your support so far on the
channel and I can't wait to get posting
again but I'm gonna go now it's the only
nine o'clock at night I'm not even
stired the render of this video let
alone the upload so riperoni pepperoni I
love you Olivia
Marissa deep horse
