well hello there good morning to your
faces if you feel like taking over the
world
how about do things one step at time and
start by making you better so I start my
day it might sound weird but it makes me
motivate gets my shit together I've
completed a task yet even though it's
only making my bed I'm ready to start my
day and the real task should be cleaning
this office because this is a mess I've
already got the motivation so thought
they said there is a new dawn it is a
new day I am you know I am kind of
cleaning it all right and Cal's got his
own little collection of mugs and shirt
and I have to tidy up after him thanks
Cal but it is Tuesday in the life of Tom
this is like whoa
new day new day new daily vlog oh I'm
liking it this is three into my three
years of daily vlogging how crazy is
that
and before we do anything I do really
love the Heart Ball I do have gel and my
hair's ready to be spiked so let's get
spiked are you ready for a magic trick
starting today with some fruit on form
bro that was Tom talk for fruit and
fiber something else that really should
be doing today is a unboxing those big
speakers because I got them yesterday
but good show distracted with everything
that was doing good answer syndicate
original getting in the Audi all this
sort of stuff ah I just never got on to
it so sorry unboxing alright so I'm
sorry so I got this yesterday and this
is indeed pretty closer so you can see
the brand new raised the speaker system
that they've got you've got these two
big big-ass speakers that pawn at your
face and basically they blast you with
music and then music and then a massive
subwoofers also I'm sorry yeah just
streaming and all that sort of stuff so
what do we have in the box
welcome to a Tom's unboxing video where
instantly we have packaged oh my gosh
that is huge that is actually absolutely
gigantic this is hands over the biggest
set of speakers I've ever owned in my
life and a subwoofer that big to go with
two speakers he's crazy look at the size
of that support for that right I have
7.1 surround sound in this room and
that's the size of this subwoofer in
here okay maybe that one's a little bit
bigger but still that's a big unit how
do I get in it alright okay
what's up you ever seen y'all haven't
really flip-flops but yo check that out
wow that looks sleek actually that looks
hair Worsley what forgot in front of it
okay this looks on the back these are
all the plugs all controls and all that
sort of stuff little peel pawn Oh walk
it peel pawn you ready oh yes oh no I
marked it oh it's going so absolutely
gigantic raise the subwoofer look at the
matte black logo and they're looking
sleek as hell and then in here I'm
assuming this is all the cables
everything laughs take a look what we
got alright so he says Ready Set play so
I like this because this is something
that I can use trouble my Bose controls
so normal bro thank you very much
appreciate that where is the controls if
you mean there it is alright so I like
this a lot so I'm assuming it's got like
little LED lights that will flash your
funny book got on and off button I'm not
sure if that's such a litter like change
the settings as well because it's a lot
going on you could put headphones into
it a narcs cable into it which is pretty
dope so not only is it just your sound
you can actually know quickly access if
you want to change things you can just
adjust this and you can put it wherever
you want
look how long the cable is oh my god
razor that is huge you can put that
wherever the hell you want basically and
the rest of the box what you have the
two speakers I'm assuming that's all
that's left so oh oh
me these things look like some out of an
alien spaceship if you have a lot of
speaker space you know I feel like your
office is my heart then they're great
I'm actually not too sure how much space
I'm gonna have on my desk it's about
support these boy like you heard me say
earlier I have been using stay there
I've been using just headphones and all
my headphones to my speaker Brook
speakers broke about like a year and a
half ago so I've only been using
headphones for that entire time and it's
so annoying just constantly having
something over your ears
it's like when someone's trying to shout
during your house who you just messing
about on your computer just like going
through youtube you can't hear them so
introducing the th X alien space
esque raise the speakers look mate it
looks like a gun I could actually film a
sci-fi like movie with this thing mate
the police are probably gonna turn up
confiscating this thing cuz it looks
like an offensive weapons
we have one of these bad boys we have
two of them look at that that is a unit
set of speakers right there so we got
speakers we got subwoofer how many Y's
is there is it that it's just everything
in this box over here so four wires we
have obstacle cable plug into your
computer cable I think an aux cable
that's a rare thing to see oh no no I
don't want this us guys who I work with
78 us plug so I've even got transceivers
got a travel adapter which I think I've
got loads of Oh think I might have one
of these and it might upset cat almost
confident that is the exact cable that
goes into the back of a PlayStation is
it that's a look at that okay that looks
you know yet pretty non pretty normal
and that to me looks the exact same
so should we risk blowing up my speakers
by using this plug socket I'm convinced
they're the same so I reckon to give it
shot warning if you get triggered by
cable management look away now because
this office ain't got none of it I did
try abdomens I had them in these wraps
things and they're all great but then
when I need to remove them for now to
come off and then put Mike on but basic
wise set of headphones in there maybe
that's not helping on the cable
management but yeah ignore this it's
just totally not organizing the
slightest the cat D for fucking now go
okay so I got speaking here I got
speaker there I've moved Cal set up so
Cal's gonna be upset about that when he
comes on to Giro I do really need to get
that one set up in the basement sorted
out because I want this desk back for
just me and B only yeah it's good for
recording we can't like when we're doing
a dual thing up here but I need to get a
recording to help sorting downstairs
which we're working on let's move this
to under my desk right first cable to
the left so that's the right this'll
will be the right compared to where I'm
stuck and I plug this in it why is that
I'm going in this goes in there okay
first ones in okay second one this one's
actually really easy oh wait this one
actually says right on it so actually
switch them around fixed left right the
next cable we need plugging in is weird
it where do the other mokey
the cable is in my pocket right we need
optical cable but where is this going
is this going into this or is that for
that I think that might be for like a
Playstation or something this is where
you should probably read the
instructions but I like to think I'm a
bit of a professional setting things up
without needing to actually do that so
wish me luck you know that said I did
just get the lesson right the wrong way
around so one thing I will know about my
computer that I'm like a bit
disappointed about and this is my fault
for not passing on the message is that
yeah it looks beautiful all that but
I've only got one two three four five
five
USBs on the back of this thing five USBs
and trust me as a youtuber with you know
straight away you've got mouse keyboard
taken webcam taken microphone taken
you're left with like one spare one and
I don't even know if I've actually got a
one spare one plugged in I just I think
I've used them on right now and being a
razer sponsored person I've got a mouse
mat there that's supposed to light up
but I've not even got that plugged in
because I don't want take away a USB
spot
I've even got the two on the top being
used as well I try and pull something
off I think the keyboards got a spare
yes yes my keyboards got a spare USB on
the side of it let's see if this works
right plugged in it's not gonna power it
just yet so let's plug this in please
work again don't know if it's gonna but
it went in power born okay not seen any
lights or anything on the last thing
it'll be the control pod so let's plug
this one some big eyes big lead let me
progress there is indeed all these
lights on it the put the cable works
nice looks like Razer synapse is
installing it already let's move this
over to here so I've got a nice little
sound controlling bit over here I don't
need any more cables going over there
that's just chaos
raise it normal Pro congratulations okay
either connected let's install them
installed now because I went with the
USB option I had to go into the settings
and change it to USB from OC's over here
apparently have bluetooth instead so you
know I was complaining a second ago
about though the USB the USB well if
these can actually just connect for
Bluetooth or you know an optical cables
in this key or has one which no it might
actually do actually does so I think
might actually be able to remove that
USB and plug it in but at the same time
I could be wrong but nonetheless but
I'll put up a song what should go for is
you go far god this this sound is so
directional like yeah if you point it at
your is compared to pointing it a little
bit away from it it sounds totally
different oh this is trippy this is real
trippy this is not even turn up loud but
is it even
wait how can this go oh my god the face
is inflamed I can feel my testicles
shaking me that face oh hell yeah oh yes
I was listening to an orchestral version
and this official how good is that I
don't know if you guys can pick up oh my
god mama take me home god Road my god do
we it stops it died I died Oh nein nein
nein nein oh my god that is absolutely
crazy we're about to roll over to 10,000
subscribers the channels not even 24
hours old yet and we're oh my gosh look
at that
10,000 week a screenshot before before
it moves yes we just hit 10,000
subscribers on the new channel which is
absolutely crazy I cannot believe I
honest looks like 10,000 and to bitch is
absolutely crazy this is like a new
project for me because I still be
posting like my random focus videos if
you know that just pure randomness onto
my gaming channel like my actual gaming
channel /n ticket so run the videos on
their random clubs we like really just
like odd particular youtubers which
would be coming soon you'll see more
about that but more importantly I'd know
what my core audience wants over there
and it's not Burrell it just isn't I've
already said that I might post like epic
but I'll kind of content to that channel
and when I mean like epic concept I mean
like the best of the best of the best of
the best to it but for this channel I'm
gonna be posting as many videos a day as
I want to whether it's daily to a day 3
day whatever if I have a video that I
want to post to this channel of me
playing a battle royale game then that's
exactly what I'm gonna be doing if it's
a 10-second video of just a funny FAIL
I'm still gonna post it to the channel
my favourite way of doing YouTube is
just throwing a video app on a channel
and just being like it's dead random
Tom better produce contents better
nowadays well you see this video right
here I randomly felt like filming it it
was really shot and I threw it straight
up onto the channel and this thing
that's doing 24 million views so with
this channel I'm not expected every
video to get 24 million views or I'm
gonna treat this like I've always went
to love treating the YouTube channel and
that is to just say screw it if I feel
like doing so I'm doing it I know you've
heard me say that about my main gaming
channel but there's a lot more fault
that goes into that footage on that
channel you know I can't oh oh I wanted
to try and see if I could get to go 1 3
3 7 dan get it web faster the people
subscribing a too damn drunk and maybe
see it you're 1 3 3 7 7 oh that's just a
troll okay right now I just get past it
again god damn I tried to ask myself a
question of have I actually been out of
the house today I I got up a showered I
went downstairs and got some breakfast I
spoke to my dad for a little bit and
then ever since that moment I think I've
been sat there and the reason I'm
talking about this is because look at
the sunset it's lovely
so you know what I have an idea and
there you go did it did it
proud thank you I know no don't worry I
don't need to clap it's fine fine it's
fine I went outside today wait for it
with my weird nostrils a better way view
it was quite a lot of new people on this
channel and I have weird nostrils watch
your knee look what's going on ma
what stopped out why is what look gonna
breathe in mum dad what the hell gave me
some weird ass devil nostrils I've not
had a steak in forever so I'm gonna
season this up throw it on the grill
have me some little boots as they
seasoned it you ready for that sizzle
listen for that sound you ready oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah I've literally
just rage quit myself because made a cup
of tea and I got a bag of these I know I
know I know REE crunches unhealthy snack
is style food because I was just like
I'm so hungry
yep estate bought because I'd know
vegetables with it I'm not filled up so
get my shit together I'm going to store
I'm getting some healthy snacks because
that doing that source stuff I eat in
crisper stuff that's how you get into an
unhealthy sort of light rhythm I don't
want to be doing that so let's go to
Tesco yeah it's like half past 9:00
at night so at least I actually go out
the house and more importantly I get to
drive entities made lots of pressure and
I'm steaming up what's going on with
Locke sexual okay well
healthy shit confirmed this is great I
can out-eat for the rest of night
however you see I parked in a parking
space that my friend is a double yellow
line no no no no I myself a cup of tea
made myself some honey on toast got a
banana you know captain kind of healthy
snack in I'll look at before night
screen at Cal's join my lobby I look at
my sections like I ready up it maybe
like two weeks it's a last streamed
voyage of the deep but we'll continue it
in the chat is going absolutely crazy
and I've just discovered something I
don't think I know what to say URL you
know I felt like year or is it your UI
URL URL its URL oh now I roads no it's
the vlogs oh my god what's going on and
I have to share out the foods because he
just gifted like an absolute crap ton of
subscribes in the chat like look at that
look at that boot you're mental you're
absolutely mental three two want the
survey says the winner is DJ night
within really rude of me to interrupt my
stream that I'm currently doing two and
a half hours into it but the syndicate
royale channel is about to roll to
25,000 subscribers that means with 25%
of the way to get it oh my gosh there we
go twenty five thousand and one
subscribers everyone's like oh don't go
subscribe you bastard but everyone
everyone say hello blog hello there but
we've just hit 25k on the new channels
so we're 25% of the way to our goal by
the end of the year which is to reach a
hundred thousand subscribers on the
channel like I got the year I got the
new video uploading today the thumbnail
for it is looking absolutely sick Sam's
killed that fortunately I still don't
have the channel name syndicate royale
YouTube's working for me because it's
such a new channel usual after wait like
30 days because it's not a good official
channel they know it's mine it's already
verified and like partnered and stuff
they said they're gonna try and like get
it through the motions quicker but
25,000 subscribers epic 625 subscribers
in a row oh my god all 12 in the morning
time for the final ruffle of the night
because the chats somehow managed to
make 718 subscribers
things so that's madness but the final
subscriber ruffle of the night is gonna
be going to do dirt wins congratulations
to your face to finally end the vlog I
went about it like six o'clock in the
morning I'm exhausted
I've run my body down so much like so
damn much and I'm annoyed that I've done
because I've got insomnia coming up and
my body just feels like shit so I'm just
drinking like loads of water trying to
flush out my system eat healthy go out
with the meals well with Alice tonight
and just trying to feel a bit better in
something because right now I feel like
crap and I say this right now but when
the weather's but outside I honestly
feel bad that's like when it's great
miserable here I'm great miserable
that's why I always like go off
travelled and get out the country
sunlight good vibes good Sun I just
observe the positive energy and spread
it so guys I've got a God after end
today's vlog thank you very much for
watching you can hear me listen to care
size on point in the background with
that said I made a reaction to this
music video on the main channel and like
went down great everyone loved it it was
like happy I reacted to accept almost
bombarded me to do so now that I'm
posting it actively again so then dead
she made a diss track video and I'm
reacting to that one as well I was like
right I think we're done with the diss
tracks now I think we've like they're
gonna be finished we can get back on
with gameplay and stuff turns out Logan
Paul's drop the diss track so I'm gonna
react to that now and you're watching
this vlog right now you may see on the
main channel tonight that video on there
so I'll link it down below if it
actually does drop box just back to dish
track central I hope they just leave it
now until the fire and just settle it in
the ring and see how things go bomb but
bye bye JJ believe he's gonna bring it
home for the boys and I'm gonna go so
thanks for watching olivia these
speakers are amazing like actually
actually amazing I've been messing
around like the settings in it and I
didn't even realize that when I thought
it was loud a second ago like check this
floor I thought it was allowed a second
to go look it's turned down at the
moment I even had the base down to like
50 I can crack the base the entire way
I wish to subscribe check out the
channel by our example
