leaf blower
this is a leaf burner hmm
after all this time extra per one TDC
taxed motd not off the road to finally
be driven by your bike don't get me
wrong this doesn't mean I'm not gonna be
driving the defender but simply because
I've been editing all those videos of
the Jaguar I forgot what it feels like
to be in a car that when you turn does
it go whew because of the suspension of
the defender so I need something a
little bit more grippier Oh hold the
phone we stopped by to deliver your
parcel so it says it's been left with a
neighbor but it doesn't say which
neighbor anyway screw it lovely day in
England
nothing like wait what is it really
raining hey though it's a it's an
average day at England Ken's walking
around Mouse trying to fix me Wi-Fi you
know I've got the 500 up 500 down in the
house I don't know if I told you that 19
million times what guess what I do I've
got it in the house but the Wi-Fi every
time a speed test only ever seems to get
like 30 down I have like high speed
boosters all around the output just
doesn't think they work so got Ken on
the job are we going back in the beast a
long long last time everyone's like Tom
what's going on with the TT is it broken
like does it not work what's going on
no no she works she's touched she's
insured she runs my dad drives her my
dad literally drives her from here to
the top and back down of my drive just
to stop like the breaks and stuff from
seasonal because I'm look at all breaks
look at house easy so I'm gonna go what
the hell are you doing
no how about you find yourself another
planet to live on like not mine a gel
oven that open a should we do that
should you the window trick just for old
times sake tell me if you hold down the
button or you TT you windows open no
they don't they do not open if you hold
down the bar oh my god yeah that was the
longest argument between you and me guys
wanna bust it Ian you know I should I
should take this to go get like a full
valet so like it's like completely clean
the 2p down there the dirt is hmm what
is that
smells like stagnant ation to be honest
I'm gonna say this right now ever since
I bought the car it always smell a bit
stagnant and I know it's
weird but it just does what well with
this weird me getting in a different car
it's not an offender and the and the
strange thing is now are you ready for
this reaction okay oh my god I almost
went and put my key in the cat right so
how do stuff alright yeah
so wait break down accelerate like a
transforming okay stop no no don't need
to listen to you but I hold start no oh
good huh
I've actually forgotten how to drive it
not supposed to all the brake it's
supposed to hold the clutch okay clutch
down engines died right let's put it in
dynamic drive mode so she's fast as four
okay we're in dynamic mode now the weird
thing is about driving this character so
long is power steering it's so strange I
think the defender has power steering
but this is really a wait I've got a
I've got an electric handbrake
alright let's you can break off all
right now main gear yeah oh my god this
is so weird I'm used to like just racing
forward in the the fender but okay oh my
god it's like I don't even have a clutch
if you don't want a defender clutch is
like it's like go into a gym you know on
that weight machine your legs or you
like ah yeah it's basically like that so
when you get into this car it's in fact
there's nothing there it's it's quite a
weird surreal experience so alright
let's go for a room from I'm so used to
half into over-rev and clutch with the
defender so it's kind of weird in this
so I guarantee all you're gonna hear is
like me over revving cuz I just don't
really know what to do so yeah I'm so
low down as well this is weird
I feel like I'm accidentally like
crawling along the floor I don't like
this
oh is it off this is just a mister I've
missed the beauty I know you shaking all
over the place by the way boys there's
nothing up there the stabilizers
and you know what I said about cleaning
the brakes off listen to when I break
there is so much on the brakes that
I think you can just clean it off like
that's what that's all yeah I know you
can just like clean it up I like going
for a driving and breaking stuff like
that so we'll heat up the brakes clean
them off and if they have to seized up
because of all the weather and stuff
Allah as you
after two - two - yeah
yeah it's really weird this this feels
fake and the fact that I have a
lightweight clutch is confusing forgot
Oh technically advanced this cow was I'm
absolutely sweltering like why am I so
hot I've got the window open
come on - heated sakes boys fainted
sakes damn she won thirsty girl fifty
five quid trained his doors open what my
ginger a friend isn't there realised
West Me's like Winnie the Pooh what to
do what to do yeah yeah you like last
what's going on this room's mega busy
this is because well we are going to
insomnia this week this Thursday
oh my gosh I gotta admit like I don't
think I'm mentally prepared for it just
I've not thought about why oh and
somebody's coming up it's just been like
a you know how do I talk about like
you're going you're going to go and I
just go and do my thing and have fun
ball I can't without easily the crept up
on us mate it's August 24th already what
the heck laughs one doesn't work this is
your old one from home innit
yeah mum we're a successful company just
go and buy one maybe that's your fault
I know it's it's Alice's okay a ring dad
and how many more folks there's a lot
they're like literally surviving off
unplugging and plugging everything I'll
fix it why don't you report these things
to me Jeff crass I can office for some
pancakes
with you guys and what I guess yeah
pancakes
oh sorry pancakes okay okay first of all
a lot different shirt
nice see that's much better we got that
look look at that look it got that long
sleeve quoted and we got that lasted for
revenge hey be rolling action pancakes
with Tom but one second let's have a
soon who could read your advertisement
break because this is sick this is the
first time I've just seen this hand him
over you supposed wrap them up off your
wrist Bob ladies and gentlemen here we
see in the world I actually found a pink
one today but look at this a brand new
was it called at the red tomorrow
Margot - Heather Branch Road it matches
like that oh yeah oh yeah but a
pictorial I know yeah but we've now got
new textured heathered
fans coming to wear insomnia marching
song and they'll bail original come I
actually want this red one I like that
when you do where's my favorite color
but know what's available in so be six
dollars great no time what's available
oh my gosh well as soon as I lose a
sixty is it sick wears this there's a
sixty it was a 61 or 62 there's now a
bloody 63 I don't know who picks these
calls by the way cuz the most obscene
color combinations alright you go with
the events or whoever insomnia is the
head of design for chlorine your vents
you're a crank because they are kind of
awful callers poor we follows to and
them now a collector's item so ladies
and gentlemen insomnia how many limit
edition that we got if you go into
insomnia as soon as you get there try
and grab one of these because once
they're gone they're gone you never
yells get it so if you want the full
collection if you're like one of the 500
you already got the last ones you might
not be able to get it off think fast
thank you really still not for me oh I'm
making pancakes so Alice I believe you
had a run-in with someone today a police
officer came to visit you at work
Oh daddy well my place of work what
happened I said he was coming in your
video it looked like the one eating the
butter on my house to say arrest me
she said he was driving past and
wondered what the building was it's
frustrating that now Kyle told me
something where the police officer had
your pants down what did you say what
did you say if you see this I laughed at
this because Kyle told me and I was like
saved you're right I was like oh stop by
about the offices and then he was like I
was like I'm his sister honey he said I
can tell no and I thought it was because
I was giving me what the same I jump
bugs down there just another day in the
life of the police never know you might
have a clue
uncle that's why I would have a cousin
or an uncle you might have a nephew or
lucify any 100-watt himself
imagine if someone's are punished in
time time you move over there rocky one
of the latest designs anyway yeah oh
well we'll get his address we'll send a
one we're gonna stop commenting on the
Tom's t-shirt being black that's normal
but my jeans shorts they're not just
different address my black shorts have
kind of gone Brown I think they got
bleached in the Sun but whatever that
time of the goddamn yeah ladies and
gentlemen I'd know I just spoke about
those response here but everyone for
some reason always goes crazy about
these things again if you're not going
to insomnia
I'll go 24th till the 27th I'm gonna be
there every single day Alice gonna be
there some days because she might be
going to a wedding she's rockin the
brand new shirt you have a name for it
yet do you want to pick a name for it
mom I sure don't wanna give her that
responsibility the whiny lion there's
only 500 of these so if you're going to
insomnia like if you're down on the
first day get hold of one because once
they're gone they're gone so I'm gonna
sign a bunch of these and they're gonna
find I'm gonna sign a bunch of these
take-take-take
right I'm gonna sign a bunch of these
and if you order from City original
between now and insomnia the chance that
you may get a sign one so maybe oh and
if you still haven't got ticket spot
insomnia all you gotta do is use the
code I 63 syndicate okay cell temp so
I'll put a link down scription get
yourself some tickets oh that's that so
see you guys it's something alice is
gonna hate this but guess what you know
I've been daily vlogging on YouTube for
three years he's no ivy Dinks oh my god
if you got post-op T or something it
actually stings
anyway swiftly moving on guys because we
hit three years of daily vlogging I'm
just gonna be the absolute bastard
syndicate original emigrated three days
three whole days of 10% discount code
starting from when this vlog goes live
so if you're watching this you submit
and like I always said I'm gonna be
signing a bunch these leaflets so if you
wanted something the chance that you
might get one of these leaflets signed
it's really like the promotion things
for insomnia but people seem to like
them so yes if you people out there your
collective now's your chance
but the discount code for 10% off
everything on the website is gonna be
three y ou T which stands for three
years of Tom so again
set off everything for three days start
from now three y ou T and by the way
three is in the number three not like
spell three if you want to get your tip
set off get acidic original link of it
down in description type in the discount
code three y OT I'm more importantly I
can just thank you guys for all the
support over the past three years so
here's my little way of giving back yeah
I did buy them for you to eat but you're
supposed to like toast them and then put
stuff on it like a piece of what the
hell is that
what why you eat it raw I'll my driving
skills hmm Michela chili you smell like
a good
Oh Oh Huffman is this gang keeps tugging
me on Instagram I think he's a viewer
who he got a grill without the Reg plate
section in it and he's in the UK and
he's removed his reg from there and put
it like down on the side and it's just
one big mean grill thinking they're
doing that so if anyone knows how I can
do that and if that's the legal to
actually put my license plate like say
there you know that big even though it's
only gonna be that big or maybe over
this is something then I will do because
I would so much love Grill at the front
rather than a license plate have noise
in America there's so many cars that can
drive around without no plates on the
front because in America they can drive
round with no place whatsoever after you
like they just buy the car and I'm not
really going to technical technicalities
with it but also you see all the time
and no license plate on the front but
only one on the back I'm just like why
can't we do that anyhow hello there
animal nice to see you're just going out
for a walk and they literally just let
him roam routed do everyone it's now 504
so I've got gone get the ball get it get
it uploaded on time hopefully mmm oh my
gosh I'm nearly on 10,000 miles in the
Audi remember I'm longer but I think
this is a 2015 model like 2015 2016 so
think about this nearly three years damn
Cal get off me drive get off my drive
get off my drive get off my drive get up
I have a king I've got the ability to
like park like six cars around the bar
any parks on the front
she's absolutely may I tell you
something if you're ever after a perfect
car like literally a perfect car it's
that it's superfast it's nimble as
anything got good tech in it and it
looks like a beast now that said where
is he where are you where are you
bastard
what are you bastard is in the house
going going quiet chased after him down
the road away from budgets can we just
put disclaimer out there please at home
don't drop in knives on to foam or boxes
we do me a favor
safety I don't want the Popo knocking on
the door rule Latino attention to the
dead Oh what the heck
I don't know your outside
what does that do Cal I should use up my
compass three years of Tom babe that
means three years my god it does
wait so three how longer Hamza coming
over it's gonna be going on for three
days no no you telling me are you
telling me this shirt right here if
people wait to find this right here
or this I said that might not be
building that's that's not Melba yet in
some here only no one's insomnia this do
you get it
what's the shoot this you get this oh
yeah
several hours later we played the best
fault that we've probably ever played
finally secured the victory but would
you do be getting so much better oh dude
yeah every day but I think it like two
three kills away I'm gonna win getting
like 10 like ten seven and it's like
we're smashing it I swear to God
oh thank you very much right now I'm
working on make your mind to syndicate
better I old channel which means cuz
soon Cal's is gonna be ready cuz he's
getting his like oh you know what Cal's
gaming room is gonna be ready to rock
and roll
I'm well excited it's done it is
officially official I've just announced
my syndicate royale channel now you may
say why not just post it too far as
ocean come you know my main gaming
channel and I will be doing but only the
truly remarkable gameplays if they can
ever be considered that local ain't no
ninja but I get so many gameplays that
were either super fun and exciting I
just really random and I never post them
so I want a place to house them I want a
place to post potentially multiple
royal videos daily and we just hit a
hundred subscribers on the new chunk
know enough to worry about bomb body my
core audience and force us syndicate so
may I present to you my new home for
battle royale gameplay feel free to fall
and subscribed
syndicate royale leave I was the first
person replies that honestly so excited
this channel to take off and we've
already passed one one five subscribers
got name oh buddies to get it 1111
subscribers god damn oh well you know
managed to get my video posted to 250 in
the morning no joke I actually posted it
that late
because my audience on my gaming channel
is actually more Americans which is
quite strange but inside this video you
better know you buy give a shout-out to
my brand new syndicate royale channel
again do not subscribe to this channel
if you don't like battle royale games
cuz that's what I'm gonna be doing so I
gave it a shout-out in this video I just
posted on the main channel and boom we
knew of two thousand subscribers man
what do you know I'm getting my first
upload done to the channel which is a
really stupid video I know I was gonna
post my wins on here and stuff but once
I was going for a win a pretty epic
thing happened to me and this is how I
want to do the channel and he didn't
random that was like a funny clip a
moment of something like ah rather than
building up this stupid little long
montage yeah I'm never finished like I
just want this channel as well I just
want to post whatever fully random clips
I want and victory owls too so this is
what I've got right now a cool little
escape thing that I did and as I wait to
do it I realized that whereas it was it
was it really on 200 nearly 3000
subscribers but if I go to my channel
you'll see I've got a verified channel
partnered verified with Jeff I 3bd
basically touched tonight
and got it verified how sick is I let's
have a look let's have a look if we go
to my channel look at that I got an
awesome butter so silly though I spent
the last 10 minutes to talk about
syndicate Royale it is a home for battle
royale content whether it's a new
college game battlefield game any game
that has a battle royale genre in it I
am going to be playing and posting loads
of that kind of gameplay whatever I'm
feeling like I'm living at the time to
this channel so I'm gonna invite you
guys to subscribe to I put a link down
below again if you do not like that kind
of content don't subscribe I'm not after
like drawing the channel subscribers to
be like oh it's good subscribers and
none of the people watch it
I want people to subscribe because they
genuinely want to see the content so if
you want to see fart I poop J black out
whatever battlefield flat Royale is
gonna be all that sort of all those sort
of games that make sure you go subscribe
to the channel turn your notifications
on in every single video that I posted
that channel I'm giving a shout out to a
new subscriber who subscribed with
notifications turned on if you do
subscribe and you did send notifications
on take a screenshot of it tweet at me
and you never know you might find
yourself getting shout out in the video
so I'm gonna go now guys we're currently
on nine thousand nine hundred fifty one
subscribers on the new channel already
today and it's like 6:30 this video
hasn't even got live and I just finished
rendering my new video for the channel
which is we celebrating a hit in 8,000
subscribers so kind of crazy to be
honest but I'm gonna go now thank you
very much for watching make sure leave a
like rating subscribe and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
of vlog but if I do have any updates
regarding
flame front I will let you guys know so
much love I said Alice subscribe and I
can't wait for insomnia
