three years of daily vlog and oh my
goodness if you're watching this video
right now you're like wait Tom what is
being known on the past few days it's
been it's been chaos in this channel
it's been care supposed to look bloated
a daily vlog every single day but what I
basically hid my three your daily vlog
day and have made an epic montage for
you guys now the montage is so good ever
seen so much amazing feedback from you
guys but the problem is I uploaded it
last night at like five o'clock in the
morning Donal asked you to not watch
this video right now pause it click the
link in the description if you're on a
mobile whatever just go down there click
it and go to my three-year subscriber
special watch that that might take you a
minute cuz he's 45 minutes long but I am
so insanely proud of this video guys and
it's been up for like 13 hours and it's
already on 29,000 like rains never ever
ever before on this channel have we hit
a hundred thousand like rains on a video
so I want to ask you guys if we can hit
100,000 light rains that video for all
the times all the love all the emotional
roller coasters that we went through get
over to that video give it a watch I
want you to leave a comment on like how
you found my channel what was the video
your first ever came across like why do
you even still watch or anything like
that and I can't wait to read it cuz all
day I've been going through reading the
comments and there's like five thousand
comments which probably the most we've
ever had on a wall so I'm sorry to bump
at the start of this vlog with a hey go
check out another video but because I
need to get back into the routine of
like daily vlogging by 6h p.m. I need to
tell you guys to just stop what you're
doing go check out the video and if you
are an absolute legend you want to share
out on your facebook i'll like tell your
friends about being like hey this is tom
go check out his life i really
appreciate it and there's one big
massive celebration to say thank you for
supporting me for three years
syndicate original we're gonna be doing
a three day discount code for 10% off
everything that's right if you've ever
wait to get a cynic original shirt and
we'll give you down in description use
the code three y OT and if you like y3y
ot three years of tom if you use the
code as of right now you ought to get
yourself temps on off everything and you
guys can get rapid immediately now i'm
saying this right now because of this
discount code and the fact that we're
going down to insomnia or just maybe a
bit later than normal but still we'll
try and smash it so if there's ever a
time to ret the syndicate original merch
link will be down below three years of
tom get it ordered and as soon as you
get it make sure you tweet at me and
without further ado i hope you guys
enjoy the book it's a new dawn it's a
new day and I should really get this day
started start some things off with not
so much of a healthy breakfast preserve
I've gone for some grapes which isn't a
bad idea but then I went for hum with
basically cheese in it kind of get why
this might not be too healthy bought it
which I'm just really craving fun Chango
cheese and parmesan and you know how I
am about Parma ham so for a breakfast in
review um hum is really good for the
cheese oh my yeah I felt pretty guilty
about eating that cheese and ham so I
went for one of these blue machines
apparently they just packed with so much
sugar you might as well just eat
something on a healthy but it makes me
feel better okay
oh my god managed to just get the vlog
started streaming at like midnight on
the dot so I'm now streaming the vlog
which is an update montage of how
yesterday's vlog went on the Jagua so
let's see let's just see how this goes
was an absolute living show usually
you know what to do is when the vlog
isn't edited together what I do is I get
it all edited in my timeline and then I
stream at my preview window so I
basically stream this box here for
people to be able to watch now like an
absolute Muppet I live streamed it and
everything was going well all was going
good but then these clips in the play
but feeds die too like so I went to
close it down and just explains people
like sorry it's like an event you just
have to bear with me but I couldn't
close the preview thing so then the
entire system just broke down not the
computer the streaming software and I
was like well this was an absolute fail
just to typical in it it's just
absolutely typical so we're yep look at
what everyone's saying to me hashtag one
job Tom and everyone is just absolutely
bombarding me say a hashtag war job Tom
so yeah I had one job
and I failed great time to start this
day it is officially officially
officially my third year of daily
vlogging
god dang and how to start this day no
British less than a cup of tea a
statement made no sense but nonetheless
it is actually my third year of Dave
looking as of right now today the 19th
of August Wow
so I used to film every single day of my
life like this because I posted it to
snapchat but then I had the revelation
of hang on a minute
what if I just film sideways I can post
it on YouTube so today is the 19th of
the 8th 2018 rich means it's my third
year of daily vlogger dan oh my god the
video
I've grown up today is a montage over
the past three years and in yesterday's
vlog I was like I think I may have bit
off a bit more than I can chew because
going through all my favorite blogs
getting all my favorite moments it's
currently 5:17 in the vlog supposed to
be live by 6:00
I've already told people to get me laid
and the video is already 50 minutes long
so I honestly don't even want to guess
how long this final vlog is going to be
because if it's only 15 minutes long
right now I have got two years worth of
more vlog for us to go through it might
end up being an hour long but anyways
others who can't wait for me outside
waving waving waving they didn't see me
okay cool I'm going for dinner with my
granddad so maybe I should put on I
can get dressed while walking outside
sir your chauffeur has arrived would you
like to get in oh you damn you looking
smart I knew I should put on a shirt for
you I'm a best look at these what a way
for me to celebrate three years of daily
vlogging dinner with a thermal um can
you do the deli alley challenge do you
do it wait Yoji knows what it is no
watch what can you do this close okay
now then it's so easy to do
now you gonna make it all like this
needs to make it dinelli Alison uh
forget it then sprawl your fingers and
spray your fingers
we tried ten that was great that was
great this is disappointing
my steaks are I cook at home at like 6
o'clock in morning ten times better not
disappoint I will say I'm hungry
and I need to go home and do this video
anyway so I'm not a mother cause I got
that on camera you drop some fish behind
in bloody up he's saving that for later
once celebrated like three years daily
vlogging today as for a medium well
steak blue tell me that's not still
beating Moo
medium well I asked for it medium well
so in the hopes it comes medium cuz
usually do you know they always only
cooking how does it come to stages to
cook what is that why are you giving you
dinner out at 10:00 oh wait you did the
face of this but you giving it an eight
Alice I'm worried about you because that
plate looks kind of all OH
mine I had the staple just because I was
hungry chips because i season them with
loads of salt yeah this got like a 2 out
of 10 this plate this place was the
first of a place I gave a 10 out of 10
to for the duck and waffle two out of
ten yeah we definitely indeed Lee did
report the fact that the steak was a bit
bad and always came back to Alice's meal
she just went yeah it was fine thanks
yeah ass right fell out so because of
that they gave us a freak I think one
free dessert which turned into four
lattes so thank you very much we love a
good dad we do we love your granddad oh
god we love you whoa there was a reason
I was stood in front of the front door I
said shotgun get out
yeah the rules of England not your key
in England even if it's unlike the
wedding day if you shout shotgun it's
your bloody see I'd shout shotgun
wedding day do you enjoy dinner grandad
yeah you're more than welcome guys I'm
so glad I could pay voluntarily
no grandad by now stay safe Godspeed
good luck see you soon I'll cook you a
steak eventually by now
let's take it in turns I say by now you
say bye bye now be like I'm not but we
ain't scorin to get Jack you were what
you doing about it bought the car it's
right you try I say it's hot stuff you
ever drive is that a big when you do it
you crank see you granddad one time so
that was our word home sweet home Wow
yeah you put all this furniture in it
feels like a totally different home try
and get liable that works anyway oh how
about get rid of that TV couldn't
pick up that one from my house sorry
Debbie Mike wait so this is all so is
this hold on ooh but you're keeping it
stop follow me off then thank you
oh my gosh welcome to Allison cows new
home look at this is it this that own
iced tea I just I got demonetized thanks
anyway nice sofa Alice nice couch Alice
shoes on the couch I wear shoes in your
house nice couch and into the next room
so what's in here Wow not a mess why do
you just got TVs laying off for fun
that's how I roll just moved in
yesterday yeah okay so you're facing
moved in now yeah nice wait if you
actually got oh my god you've got a room
in a diet that's a bit much but I'm not
being it's why it's just that everything
it was for the house that you're
previously and so cute well there's not
more than two of you anyway is this so
yet
hey of the table what attention-seeker
II knew I was filming the table and
Jordan get off get off can you just do
me one favor and just make this house
look brighter have you just oh my
god well it's such a clean bed oh that's
nice is that for me although it actually
smells like poop can we just can we
clarify there was actually no fat
there's actually no poo in the toilet
but it actually stinks of no I'm
not even joking what is that smell
no that's pure poo oh wait wow it smells
like Dumbo this is away so it can't I've
got on the record on the record she said
it's Carl's hey Carl's gaming room
that's what she said Pat's gaming room
this is literally get the wall what so
this is actually gonna be Cal's
wait did you get USB sockets everywhere
oh hell yeah so this is me man Ria's
gonna have to soundproof one like one or
two of these was all right so with
soundproof ooh depending on where your
desk oh you desperate probably going
across there TV yeah mono monitor
therefore gaming pc cerulean and then
this will be a back wall soundproof and
then will fit your lightbox up there and
then we'll put what I forget blackout
curtains oh my god he literally just
shot it this is evidence of an old house
no yeah but at least it made content
right he was still there
wait what was that I just dabbed on me
okay I'm not gonna this was the best
design in the house ever I can see this
being some sort of fire trap but are you
okay baby I'm not really
so now you okay high-five oh this what's
the discount code listen this down code
breathe
no no three y ou T three y ou T three
years of Tom three y ou T no cuz you
just basic weird nobody likes that
window that window is absolutely the
devil it's actually an upside-down house
no I still work it on the edit for the
vlog and CaptainSparklez just we be
saying the amount of people
congratulating me on hitting ten million
subs who's somewhat missed that I've
been over ten million before and went
back under is too damn high are you
right back hiding my 10 million play
button for the YouTube police and then
he said actually from what people are
showing me I'm balancing back and forth
above and below a bunch right now so
he's gonna set an unbreakable record
Sipe Rosen to get I win which I reply
saying oh just you wait and see I'm
going for a world record Congrats on 9
mil and if you look he's literally uh
ten million subscribers in ten because
YouTube's just deleting subscribers from
each channel like like yeah he's
channels losing subscribers but he still
got an active audience but because the
amount of subscribers he's gaining is
less than the ones he's losing so he
loses numbers so unfortunately he's
dropped below ten million but the crazy
point in time he's out right now is that
it keeps growing above ten million below
ten million above ten million below 10
million so a lots of interest in see how
many times he goes above and beyond it
because when I if at all possible get
too close to ten million I'm gonna try
and hit ten million subscribers above
and below or hundred times with a
Guinness World Record
like observer paying attention to it try
and set myself a world record of hitting
ten million subscribers on YouTube 100
times and hopefully that'll be a world
record no one will be able to take away
from me and you never note that if I go
back below it again I'll just increase
my record now we do Sal we do Bobby bad
boy bad boy what you gonna do what you
gonna do let me go slow your clock in
the morning three years of Tom render I
have no idea how long this is gonna take
this is a wait I don't even work out how
many videos are in this this is a
compilation video containing gotta be
200 plus maybe 300 videos so taking like
1020 seconds out of three
videos compiling it all together to make
one big montage of my lust it's not
technically three years it's my
three-year montage but it's basically
the last two years because for my two
million subscriber video which always
plays when you go into my channel it
plays from the 19th of August til I
believe let's find out I think it's like
kind of the first you know yet to like
the 11th of April so I picked up from
the 11th of April 2016 till the 20th of
the 8th 2018 and that's exactly what
this video is right here so again I
seriously have no idea how long it's
gonna take to render to upload to
anything and to be fair what I should
like 100% do is not post this video I
should completely like completely
completely completely skip post in this
video because it's 3 o'clock in the
morning and people are used to watching
my videos at 6 p.m. so there's gonna be
no one awake to watch this like it is
really dumb of me to post this this time
but if I don't post this now there's
gonna be like a crazy domino effect if I
don't post this video now by 6 p.m. like
well today like 6 p.m. the same day a
daily vlog of this that you're watching
right now won't be uploaded so it's
gonna have a crazy light knock-on domino
effect but I really don't want to post
this epic video and then 9 hours later
bombard another video on top of it I'd
rather let this video upload go onto
YouTube and have a full 24 hours of
videos and then catch up with daily vlog
it's a little bit of a predicament at
the moment so I'll have to kind of wait
and see 5 a.m. well 4:50 I managed to
get the video live and I got a victory
rally yes ok no god damn joke I'm going
to the cinemas to go and watch
Christopher Robin I'm currently 10
minutes late but I'm just dying to see
this film equalizer 2 was terrible
absolutely terrible I think I yeah give
it a 3 out of 10 it was that bad that I
need a fresh film in my mind raced to
the cinema this is the last showing of
the night in the entire local area that
I live in be able to see Christopher
Robin so I'm here absolutely worth it
honestly it was incredible I'm gonna get
I'm right now I'm gonna get a 10 out of
10 I don't know it's like what 10 out of
10 it was just so magical the entire way
through I was just smiling it was it was
so good
I didn't even read the Winnie the Pooh
books like a lot as a kid but I just
know of him and the the like the
graphics like of the the actual bears
and everything that was just amazing it
was amazing ten out of ten one of the
happiest films I've ever watched in the
longest time what an absolutely insane
day like it makes me so happy that I
spent like the past two days even like
the Jag your video and then you're like
that the montage video and everything
for three years but then to like come
back and like the first proper vlog back
was maybe like going out for dinner with
my granddad which is so nice and like so
happy so I honestly can't thank you guys
enough for all u of all your support
it's crazy to think like I've been doing
this for three years and after three
years it's like you know rather than
like oh what stop now or something like
that and I did contemplate after three
years of stopping daily vlogging and
just kind of vlog when I feel like it
but for now I'm still gonna be daily
vlogging I'm still gonna a little bit
and something that I've definitely seen
a lot of is like building up to three
years of me having that mindset maybe
I'll stop daily vlogging and just post
kinda like when I feel like it and I've
been slacking on the making sure it gets
up for 6:00 p.m. so I'm gonna try and
get that together I'm really sorry
I do up the superfast internet here but
you've seen me traveling and going up
here and all there so I've just kind of
like slack behind with it and you are
right I need to I need to get my
together not acceptable not negotiable I
had one job so I'm sorry I'm gonna try
my best to make sure I get it on time
I've got to start getting up having
breakfast editing the vlog rather than
getting up start my day at like 2:00
p.m. in the afternoon I've got a
couldn't get my organised so
without further ado you guys thank you
very much for watching if you do want to
go check out the montage video the link
will be down description again don't
forget 3 y/o T and the discount code you
get yourself 10% off the syndicate Rijal
merch we see absolutely thousands of you
repping it worldwide I bump into people
in the streets wearing it ever you guys
like send me pictures of people from
like a distance wearing it it's just
like a massive underground community and
I love it but more importantly the one
thing that we do is syndicate regionals
we make merch that's like not supposed
to be like oh that's clearly just like a
youtubers clothing line like this right
here the amount of compliments I get on
this like this is the long-sleeved coat
of arms and this is my favorite design I
think we've done today but we've got a
massive selection on there and if you
saw new like lives by the life's too
short make the most of it motto which is
like my motto that I said like years ago
like randomly in a video and it just
caught on you got on a t-shirt and the
thing is it doesn't look cheesy it looks
really cool really professional and
everyone loves it if you've already got
yourself so much thank you very much for
the support you know it's a family-run
company like my sister I'm a Mormon work
there just like like four or five years
now and doing an absolutely smashing job
evident Courtney in America I've crushed
it and I just got
thank you guys enough for like getting
that company to where it is today it's a
family-run business and you guys totally
understand that so thank you so much
this is that way of giving back so for
three years of life of time we're gonna
be giving you guys three days of
discount go get yourself ten percent off
and look at me down a description to it
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for the
next daily vlog so much love to your
faces I love you Olivia and it's a deep
