you can tell it's another early morning
because of the moisture the perfect
place for recovery shopping food place
Alison Karl came up with a smart idea of
coming tomorrow from orphans Morrison
borrow funds for breakfast Beck first
that's more like it mate that's more
like what I need rather than a bowl of
cereal with no milk at my house good job
good job good job that's exactly what I
needed now to go get supplies today's
vlog is uploading you did a good job
Steve well done on uploading on time
look at that for once it's not gonna be
like hopefully I'm gonna put this guy
away feed him then we're going out to
counselors house and you go for the poor
cat does it have a clue what to do with
this glass boy usually walks across it
what we just had it cleaned think so
he's like walking along the edge like
he's scared
Cal Cal this is a kid's toy go on yeah
this is gonna shut it into a million
pieces
listen we may all your new pogo stick in
May because we're gonna shower this one
Oh being creeped on from behind Kyle
don't you be thinking above an idea Z no
kids okay exactly cut Kyle knows better
this is it well Walter that's a high
this is like the cutest baby ever but
every time Alice goes close to it it
throws up so how are you feeling about
it being on you great dear do you want
to have kids in your older dollies don't
have kids in that way we're taking
photos awesome
that kid looks like it seems
what are you give me that humming ow
hello-o blinded him Baiju
Oh Alice Alice I like Jameson alright I
like it in small quantities a small show
that's small that's like five or six
shots Oh what drinking that I have
standards people I think I broke the
unfortunate news that the hamsters died
is it dead no have you found it because
they said the other hamster inside here
and I've not seen it all day and I've
been back and poked about three times
yes alive no oh oh we thought you were
dead
can I point out showing what you used to
poke it to see if it was alive looking
for my face look at it as a dog that is
well cute oh he's so cute
no wait he's not Gray's got white hot
cheese oh wait this is well but if you
don't know now you know well to be fair
it is the song so you know that's what I
hate about music if you say the N word
in it are you supposed to say I'm not
supposed to say it like like what about
50 cent song he drops the n-word a
million times so if it's a karaoke you
have to say it surely comments we're not
trying to erase his name but please help
us out if it's in the song do you say
took half an hour always watching naked
man on TV apparently I'll be Chris look
who we found
okay look who we found the ill man
himself
I do yes we like to hit shoot off cow so
rude ill has made us porn star sorry dad
it's just that's good to see you looking
better oh oh oh
now good on myself vlogging and drinking
clearly is not an acceptable combination
what do we need to do ride electric
bikes we're now it's alright a bit not
good and they'll be back on are you
feeling better now
nearly everyone knew the net is feeling
well but I'm billion no on it and
getting better now I can set the
Christmas Julia yeah damn right
kiss kiss mmm dad I'm going out with
granddad now or do you think that's
gonna go yeah the Volk washable see like
that I love you both bye bye
what is this what is this ice no oh
that's nice nice nice
I still can't see him it's as nice as
ice I can't believe a coal is whoa I
wonder whether Cutler it's moving
open it perfectly God and killing it
with the car parking spaces tonight oh
by a millimeter the one thing that we're
like devastated about is like my
granddad doesn't use his sat-nav he
doesn't use any like assists in his car
that Jaguars got so much tech inside it
and he doesn't use it so I connect to my
phone tonight we're blessed in the tunes
but all Oh granddad cuckoo
kill them looking very well your date
for the night I left for this leg
granddad that's looking nice he's got
himself a pie unless has got pork belly
that's a different looking pork belly
because I also got a lobster tail
because why not
I hate you so much this is like the
third day in a row now Cowen somewhat
you are y'all three days in a row you
know I'm gonna get you back really bad
I'm gonna get you back and when I get
you back it's very terrible so don't
forget I have not forgot about you
pieing me in the face of cream you dead
to me
Brandon what did you give that pie out
of ten nine and nine out it said Alice
over ten okay what you what you ate
tonight is what I've given a ten out of
ten before but it wasn't the same wasn't
the same the fat wasn't crispy enough
what so what wait you're even out ten
seven she gave us that much my brother's
like a really big fan so I think
I bump into you guys everywhere all
right condo right look out right now she
run away as fast as she could she went
she went Eve look and I said I said yeah
and she went she was like oh yeah my
sister's a really big fella awesome and
she was like we know who you haven't
watched videos as well
and that cows like dropping the vlog
stop swimming the vlog cow at what time
were you in the food nice so I didn't
tasty sake so nice purse purse but what
yes yes duck and waffle but no listen
it's closed when I started to review
food and wow this is a summer out isn't
it out of ten like I say everything is
in waffle who's the first ten out of ten
meal I ever gave so I got the pork belly
again tonight what was Tims like I'm
giving tonight's meal also also
lobster tail they should rename it
midget lobster tail I gave my gonna
default and that was based on my own
time your gods unfortunately it was nice
Oh ring Gardens Jaguar garden are you
enjoying the dry how are you - Ison
enjoying the drive garden you're lovin
it have you got if we got your heated
seats on well yeah are you nice you
can't feel it yet are you nice and
toasty though yeah that's made the
decision to go down my drive okay kill
tomorrow gyro cam car Kilimanjaro you
ready for this slowly go go right a
little bit just a small amount and then
left left now left now they're dirty
scrape he's real you got a little bit
grandad the cat's gone oh yeah the cat
again no joke is done and mysterious
hiding trick 2.0 at this point I'm like
I'm like I'm what he's not hiding with
Steve I hope Steve should be a bed so
the cat's disappeared again okay again
so we're hoping I'm gonna find it if we
don't we're lost the fucking cat Steve a
view each in the cash did you rethink
you at the cat didn't you you at the cat
didn't you okay lately I must leave
guarantee the cat is this bed in this
corner you ready
bang oh oh no cat no it's not no oh my
god you're gay
I was joking that you run to the bed
what a good dog he came home how did he
get out most about the dogs
wait a minute doors you little shit I've
even coming my security room to work out
how you got out and we found it bad
mommy yes you bitch
though if yeah if we lost him forever
and it was you're gonna see CCTV because
we fucking worked out its Alice's
hallway that was your kid Alice leaves
the house okay bye
no fucks give it about the front door in
the cat's wait for it wait for it yeah
thank God thank God we found this car
Alice Alice she's like where's he gonna
be where did he go oh please don't tell
me that runs gaijin you shut the door
anyway wait what should you eat oh my
god in the trees oh my god one ninja
that's all and that's me oh she's gone I
think you the cat's gone I'm pretty sure
it's that Nazis tail so now we're gonna
look through the CCTV and see how it
turns use outside the door like I just
want to say this is for no reflection on
my love for him it was the box
I would I would all can hold this
against ever forgiven myself if he was
not outside the door before CCTV worth
it he's back this was to out because no
is this is to as I was after we love
that we're not even back yet
we're not even back yet look it's how
long was he gone for sure he was gone
for two hours I mean he know though cuz
he go off sin and this isn't his home he
must have recognized the dog pretty sure
this is where I came from
alright but look at him that's what the
fuck he's gonna with dies like he's
wearing goggles
fuck you know that before I come and
open the door again no I'm not so he
just sucks you know
Oh guys I'm here hello hello hey guys
hey guys let me in please thank you
please okay bye just find out how the
cat got out we said we could blame Cal
for losing the cat Easter
no he's in now but so she could blame
they have a go at me and say and guess
what she lost her fucking powerful this
is what memories are for there is oh and
I was violently picks him up and takes
me like yeah got him whatever
ain't no but city so you bought glad to
have you back mr. but he's like I'd
rather leave about to try pushing it
won't work so how about you take the
ribbon off oh good what we're doing
right now playing is going okay but what
we didn't turn that's like a torture
device
how to torture an almond what thank you
the picture soul looks like pigs might
fly fell asleep on the floor listen to
the noise I'm making there doesn't even
look like it's coming through my lips
yeah I think I know I trust I trust you
my lips and my mouth isn't moving well
I'm not moving cheeks you can see fell
asleep on the floor competition that's
right boom is edited for today at least
say goodbye to Vlad you could do my
outro for me
okay so let me get out myself that's my
whole outro is it telling what she
missed
thank you very much for watching I hope
you enjoyed the vlog if we can hit three
like ratings that would be sick cuz this
vlog was awesome really really really
funny vlogger the family really really
jealous I'm absolutely naca did not get
much sleep last night but I'll see you
guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for the next o
clock until then make sure you drop a
like button let's let Matt make sure you
subscribe click the bell notification
tweet me a picture that you've done it
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
thanks dad Lak adios adios
