bloody hell I've been cited for this
computer for a total of maybe 12 hours
that's right 12 hours compiling through
a 3-year catalog of daily vlogging I
have picked up my favorite vlogs my
favorite moments and I've compiled it
into one epic video for your faces
it took me absolutely forever to do but
just reminded me of how much I have
loved every single minute of daily
vlogging sure about hangovers yes sure
the vlogs have been late and in total of
three years of daily vlogging I missed
three days of uploads and it wasn't that
I didn't film the day it was more of I
didn't get the video uploaded by
midnight and if you're watching this
video this is gonna be one of those
failed days just took much longer than I
expected but nonetheless I'm very happy
with how it came out so well and truly
before we get into this thank you to
every single person whether you are
subscribed or not subscribed whether
you've ever liked video not like the
video just randomly come across one of
my videos even if you've had time to
watch the full video only a small
portion I can't thank you all enough for
your input to get me to where I am today
five years are you only used to do
gaming videos and I did absolutely love
it adds so much fun but I got so damn
bored and if you are a true Oh G you
will remember that the channel wasn't
always called life of Tom it was indeed
called syndicate central and it wasn't
until I went to Canada you'll see in
this montage that I decided to rebrand
and rename the childhood life of Tom and
I must say it's one of the best
decisions I ever made though I can't
thank you enough for being with me on
this journey to get to where we are
today after three years of daily
vlogging your mark of stress it's called
to me and lots about it you're right now
I'm not going to be stopping daily
vlogging
I'm gonna be continued to daily vlog and
if anything ever changes I'll let you
guys know but yeah I just can't thank
you guys enough for a little support
after all this time okay so much awesome
stuff in the pipeline for you guys and
I'm hoping to eventually step away from
the iPhone and get the content highly
produced so if you're looking forward to
that guys make sure you leave a like
rating if you want to be amazing make
sure you share this with your friends on
Facebook Twitter wherever let him know
about the channel tells you subscribe
turn the notifications on and I will see
you guys in my next video which should
be around 6 p.m. but right now I
finished editing this video at 2 a.m. so
hey just another day in the life of Tom
I want to ask you guys the big important
question after all this time of you
watching my videos whether it's been an
hour a day or the entire three years how
did you find my channel why did you
subscribe and what you want me to do
next please feel free to cover it down
below definitely get reading what you
guys have to say
and I'm throw this out right now the
most like ratings we've ever hit on the
video on this channel is ninety-eight
thousand if we can smash ninety-nine
thousand or even a hundred thousand for
three years of daily vlogging that will
be little better tinny without further
ado you guys don't feel like you enjoy
it I'm sorry about this vlog being
really late but it is what it is thank
you very much for all your love thank
you very much for all your support
daily vlog you will continue as double
tomorrow but with that said enjoy my
three year montage oh and real quick by
the way for my two million subscriber
montage Canada damn on types like this
one so any of my videos from a first
vlog to when I made the two million
special in that video there I'll link it
down in description if you want to check
it out basically what I did is pick up
from that video and carried onwards
either way enjoy the video you guys know
I kind of like to film my vlogs like a
almost like a snapchat story I'm gonna
put it together at the end and just
upload it that's the way I want to
continue to this day like it
so what do you think of it then did you
do Carl crazy why don't you look Carl
I love Carl I wanna like BFF bromance
cow watch this on his iPod and watch
this and cow will appreciate that I love
Carl's thank you very much you too thank
you very much yeah look at this you
ready 5 business class for 12 hours you
ready for New Zealand
nope nope nope nope the kim.com g-wagen
hell yes you can see the entire way
through it because it is literally it's
the warmest room you take how are we in
New Zealand right now it is like Oh see
what everyone's flashing us to turn
around I'm walking in snow in New
Zealand never did I think this would
have been possible in my life
we're gonna 1v1 you win I'll shave my
beard and mustache and hair and I will
go full potato more bald what do you do
say oh snap we at three beauty look at
this right the place is looking amazing
this is the offices now this is the
company his Luke my homeless guy is
surviving there's that guy that makes
the videos I heard CaptainSparklez is
better than you on a skateboard
so before you see me you need to
understand one thing
Alexis looks like this decided to go to
my eyebrows and make me look like what
the hell day to you it's not just a
lunch box oh my god
today okay
like life is insane life is just
absolutely fucking bonkers time to see
the bed what's the back old Billy
bear saliva delicious how amazing was
that ten outta ten absolutely incredible
and you sir thank you very much for
hooking up and making that happen I
don't know I've just I've been loved
with the color of blue of this on this
ice hey thanks for the free shoes DC
we're trying it yeah we're gonna go
check this one out here one lake one
helicopter three degrees oh so majestic
dude this looks so good what a way to
spend the day just in my little rubber
dinghy Rapids man alright here we go
oh good good bye home absolutely perfect
hey wait oh my goodness my mind is blown
right now so the surprise was that we're
going to him off we're gonna do an
introductory plan I'm gonna teach you
how to fly man
okay this feels ridiculously hot Oh
bring it level you're doing great doing
great keep fighting it look at you go
buddy you're doing it what an amazing
place to try it oh wow donations you
just hit it thank you so much
I'm about to do a make-a-wish and say
hello to it so this guy has no idea I'm
here
do you watch youtube videos I do you
watch my videos well very nice to meet
you you ready to get in your vehicle of
choice today
I was not set against a good little trip
best thing ever
dude I was like what can we do that
could be like just fun and different
like we can get Walker on the game in
event all day I'll play games together
oh we could just do some a pretty
goddamn crazy so I thought that was the
best I could come up with is that no
yeah right
now let's go get some good food nothing
I'd be emotional right now but this is
actually happy oh there it is ten
million subscribers it's just a number
but it's not just a number it's ten
million people who made each of accounts
who click Subscribe and you have been
there from here on this entire journey
ladies and gentlemen we got please
subscribe a bunch why am I being
followed by the British the British are
coming the British are coming though and
I started youtube I gone to Eurogamer
inland
and a certain someone let me stir this
couch and I'll introduce Kalos hello if
this anyone ever know probably longer
than anyone each year so all I can say
is thank you
dude look though we are now so many
years later
I'm just gonna stand on this leaf you
haven't foot over there so we weren't
gonna go on the water ride cuz we didn't
want to get wet I guess that didn't
count up completely
time for my first ever but a beer bit
I'm gonna lie it's not a big I'm sorry
it looks like pretty cool look at you
got legs you can walk around would you
be more impressive as I make a simpie if
it is this is like as lost my dope cause
I like to be laughing at me
Alex lost his battle with cancer they're
always asking why I wasn't talking about
it and out respect for the family I
didn't want to and they gave me
permission to build so late you guys go
see you anyone else who's out there coin
storage was like this you know just stay
strong be close with your family
everything like that look at people so
fucking whizzers disgusting things it's
just not fair that like I've been given
this opportunity and I'm like oh I just
make videos that's it most of my trouble
father are you doing this it oh my gosh
this is the tallboys This Is It this is
our luxury of my god
well nice
look at it yeah
angel looking legend oh my gosh this
thing is beautiful I'm in Scotland this
is happening ladies and gentlemen this
is happening right
where do I want to port life's too short
many bucks this looks like a pretty big
thing please gentlemen that is what I'm
talking about life's too short make the
most of it
well no one turned up to me well that
guy did look at him nice buns they look
pretty good man I like them but these
guys actually Scotland for the witnesses
this is the mayor of alpha-a just do it
like I just done here I'll just do it
here so this is like pregame we're all
pretending we're just flat frames
showing out before people spot we're
over
good morning Jeffrey how you doing this
morning okay that sums up your money
well well well if you guys are watching
this video right now that means it's my
one-year anniversary of daily vlogging
and there you go we made it all the way
to the end I touched the post
sweetness wait for me get more that is
some bullshit you dye it up it's gonna
dab not a dog just because I said you
were doing it wrong doesn't mean you can
attack the DC hey hey what do you do
today
oh my god oh my god it turns out
Hilary's a fucking ninja yeah city baby
when we saw everything was going
smoothly the police just turned up he
climbed the rocks to do some foot diving
well we made it to the final point
watching this sunset click top
understand
hey you having a good time I'm sure that
this is the most tickets I've ever seen
one ever how this is revealed let's do
this from that friend I'm gonna
introduce you to do that cheers good sir
oh my gosh the greatest what collection
I've ever seen there's a mother truckin
Seto just swimming around minding its
own business snorkel session where's
awesome how did it go yeah we saw a
turtle I could not see why I'd want to
be anywhere else in life right now look
at this place absolutely just like that
I managed to get myself a jet ski yeah
buddy
let's go
that's so cool it's so fucking cool
well I'll tell you what I'm gonna spell
it now you know I only said we were
gonna give running watch but bran just
gave me a watch this right here
what's that I'll put the camera this is
the watch that Ron's been wearing since
I've seen him and you want me to wear it
around the world yes that watch is a
commemorative watch for Thor Heyerdahl
okay moto
yeah people said he couldn't do it and
that was sail a raft from South America
yeah the Polynesian islands yeah and he
did it and he did it it took them him
and a bunch of his buddies got on board
this raft they built a raft and they
they did it took 101 days and you want
me to fly it around the world yes so it
is basically a watch to commemorate like
sailing across and now flying across
yeah or just the the spirit of going
wherever you want to travel it laughs to
show me the most of it travel and be
free right I mean that's I thought I was
picking up Joe signal homeless guy back
in the rainy Noah's Ark for the plain
version Joe is here eating a salad what
did you eat it with I'm bulking not
soaking I just face Pam so much of this
boat but what is this
I came up with that they've got still
get away but when their bathtub is as
fast as if a guy a Veyron I don't know
how he's teaching me how to sing me
hello turns out his daughter watches
Joe's black escapes wait a minute issue
me and then I had no idea he was it ee
these guys are amazing what do we bumped
into absolutely treats you want
my face give you money give me one give
it to eat but event absolutely hate him
I absolutely hate him I hate him so much
this is wall you know what you've
started the stream wants to see you okay
okay
it's about to roll oh no Steve we did it
oh this is so sick I can't so do not
here I already came to for me because I
thought you were
this can walk up the steps keep going
what was that deep breath recession
resuscitation Luke sit-up shine it
very warm welcome to Atlantis the palm
Dubai I love vlogging I look travelling
and you know what they love make you the
most of it I could stand here all day
yeah I'm excited I like your glasses by
the way good style oh my god
cupcakes chocolate bars cookies biscuits
welcome to to bite on
I hope you're having a wonderful time in
Dubai smiley face Abdullah
dudes boots you too man okay this is
nice I did not know we were rolling in
style I feel very very underdressed for
this right now we just walked in as the
prayer is starting and everyone's
getting up to eat right now okay this is
amazingly laid out I cannot think we've
managed to come here today I just met
the chef as well Linda thank you so much
I appreciate it and obviously Jake
thanks man I appreciate that a lot
this was outstanding if I'm off and it's
pretty big right it is oh my god it's so
big I'm glad you're not working tour so
I'm not gonna see you again yes I will
watch Lisa you've gotta be kidding me
you've just gotta be kidding me well you
take you to the piece
it's inside the mall just keeps
squirting I've gotta be it
oh it was thank you gentlemen
thank you very much appreciate he's like
I'm running out the camera her guitar
shot yes and so it's I did my pad eight
in the Cayman Islands except to be
giving diving right now that was
absolutely incredible absolutely
incredible
yeah as soon as we got out of a shark
cave round I loved going in the rubber
dinghy Rapids like it's so great like
it's great oh my god you look so happy
all right mate I already do this
Oh came out so sick
look at that I'm soaking heavy right now
first of all I need to a massy Thank You
to triumph but ah yes listen should make
you a tinder account wash on the train
for 40 minutes you can swipe right I
think I will I think I would show me how
amazing that yeah tell me you don't
appreciate Bobby Joe he's like Tom can
you go now though Monsieur cheers
context I might be getting a cat so
maybe my future kitten strange yeah I
don't know how I feel about that
oh sorry wait OOP there you go yeah I
think we have to do a cheers for the
vlog mr. Tim it's a pleasure to meet you
and your family
me and Tim went from meeting each other
three hours ago to potentially renting a
boat together just don't stand on
anything and just swim Duke can do it
small ginger challenge I believe in you
I end up bullets were fun and then I'm
randomly out in the middle of the ocean
swimming out with him and we're getting
a boat tomorrow together yeah we started
I saw oh very nice
that little jellyfish just right landed
on my stomach you can't see anything I
think it's a little bit red but it just
zapped me right on my stomach
a jellyfish thank you so much okay so
first of all it's raining second of all
I'm using the map is a hat and for my
next trick tada
so impressive oh we ought to bulb all of
our girls no we really wait to sneak
down there fuck the police coming
straight from the ground two seconds
Hodgins for three oh I'm a genius
Oh Luna Luna Luna okay we have to go
slow here because I've got a parrot cat
oh my god cat you hate so cute
oh go on little one oh my God look at
you we meet again okay will you
recognize each other hey it's okay oh
for God's sake Joe
here's may a to another adventure now
dry and joined with two Americans as
well we're not going to bed not going
we're not going to we're not go on seems
like people had clothes to wear for this
event and then being Joe did we start
out best oh we look the best
it's Peter Parker I've been having a
wonderful drink since Aris warfare any
young ones there
you have an over cake hope you have a
little dancing and all the sets let's be
honest
I'm just waiting oh sorry
back to work I'm sorry
have you ever seen an old man turneth
changes I want
and I told walk 500 miles and I could
walk 5000 just to be that man who walks
that road are something something this
is a memory this is a true memory for
life broke the toilet seat one thing led
to another
I'm just gonna have to own up to it I'm
wanted in Japan
oh we're going across in Brooke we did
it
okey-dokey Jones comin out coming out
this apparently helps you the hangover
that is absolutely ridiculous I'm gonna
be the first person out of all of us to
try this trip oh yeah it's good
bitch don't go mama this is raw hauls I
almost want to say it's mix between
tuner and cow
I do mate you're either okay to another
adventure don't believe away the
cupcakes and you took the last crabcake
flights New York I got one well dad look
welcome to New York
Wow look at the swag package and got in
that case like SSD courtesy drives
tripod a brand new no a new dawn a new
day new yeah we weren't planning on
taking your camera
my dad's gonna take your job this is
what vlogging is like no you're gonna
you're gonna fight at you do me tickle
yeah this is the most explicit thing
I've ever doing my dad in his life just
looks terrible can't wait
I think um what did I don't like Isis
how do you feel like I don't know man I
don't like to involve myself with that
kind of stuff oh you even did that guy
that's 12 year old Tom right there so
it's Edie do I not look like a Mike Tom
lucky Joe 1700 wait is that it's the
right it's not right is it it's just not
right good job brother that was really
really fun playing with you
yeah yeah yeah I'm tired of me I'm proud
of you you brought you one good good
good yes what the fuck you new SpaceX
there's a rock there's literally a rock
in front of us there she is
oh my god yeah this is what I want to
get my garage look at that oh my lord oh
my lord that's a beast in it comparison
it's huge
we wish you a Merry Christmas we wish
you a Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry Christmas
ha ha
yeah but high five high five hey bud
okay
hey good Arnie just for the record
Tony's not actually gay but I'm gay for
Tony he's not gay because I love Tony we
wish we try to convince my cats to bless
in this gift Woody's got maybe Christmas
could not be what do you say to me I
didn't get I just threw the fucking tree
up yeah the whole reason we asked use a
phone we say you could throw throw the
trail now go and get the tree bring it
back so we can rebuild
very where were you
I don't know okay look it's travelmate
Oh Mike you freezing cold
oh we're late let me stroke the cat
these the Americans how are you doing
ah shit hey she's already drunk she's
like that insidious this camera right so
it's going to this let's find out story
so doing to make a wish you usually meet
people like you've never met before and
it can do anything they want in life but
this guy I've already met your insomnia
but then you chose to do a wish to come
here and meet me now which is crazy but
look at these listen this is the proton
therapy that he went through could have
done anything you want it you could have
gone anywhere you want it for
I start doing some spends a day but well
I see in slippy yeah you be careful me
yeah it's all coming down now when he
gone from drifting in his wheelchair
so now drifting a wheelchair inside a
van in London so let's hope this goes
smoothly if I if I go into a crash you
know like I'm gonna pour over I wouldn't
even in my mind not consider not put
over when that's like that I could have
smashed into like 20 other people on the
way not knowing this was there that is
nice oh my goodness
oh it's maybe a really really weird like
shock to a lot of people because I've
always ever I bet it every single one of
my books for like I'd say like a year
and 7/8 and I was a random amount bought
Byron actually came on board is my
editor when I first I went to Ireland
like me and Joe went off there and fire
on Kevin board and he's been my editor
for 150 days what was the word thing
there the worst thing we're gonna put
this out there and be really honest with
your cat spray I mean I don't mind cat
everyone everyone in the comments agree
hi Maria
Oh times in chasing
I use my promise to people you actually
serious really in all of it that's gonna
be the student life-saving study on the
right and the VOD study on the left this
is amazing oh my god this is that stack
this is gorgeous
oh I got email tell me that Charlie
Baker wish de-ice passed away life is
too short it really is really sorry for
your loss
I really fuck it up seriously I'm so
sorry hey captain sparkles it was great
but you got one up to buy a helicopter
sir
mr. Tom I did
best series idea ever
boys don't finish it oh you have a deal
it was supposed to happen
oh okay the wrong direction
let me have a read of it yeah
oh my god this car's butyl in the future
what are you doing mate we're doing yeah
you don't to be there me when they said
Joanna come and drive cars like yeah
sure why no didn't expect this is how
it's gonna pan out
I begin there yes a cage is near one of
one I don't know to waste this book in
the air Bok Bok day like I told you the
live room Tom dude this tucked above all
just a summary of my day like oh my gosh
31 years old I can definitely say you
look amazing
that was great amazing I just like to
say how's Commission something called
idea honest-to-god everything with I
don't even remember coming up I'm not
even joking where to God do not remember
coming up in this is around this burn
yeah and I just oh thanks to all the
moving me bike goes nice to shot make
the most of it okay
no odd we've gotta do is turn this pull
the trigger
that's the most epic thing I've ever did
in my life
oh hello to my little friend Nikhil Tom
say hello to my little friend that
coming
scared the absolute dictates of me this
is a movie here gentlemen
god damn mouse God dang and from this
point on ladies and gentlemen the the
journey continues the life of Tom
continues on for the next chapter who
knows where life will take us like I
said I've got some really really cool
things planned and I hope to make these
dreams a reality is when I started
YouTube when I was like 16 years old
like no joke I was making YouTube videos
Europe loading trailers mess around with
a webcam and just filming and posted
online it was always my dream to do
YouTube and to think I've been doing it
for like eight years almost on my main
gaming channel but being able to film
every single day of my life as a vodka
which is what I always wanted to be I
was inspired by like people back in
there like Shay Cal Shay Dawson built
the Franko all these og legends and
through doing YouTube I've actually got
to meet these people like shake their
hands and say light and thank you very
much for inspiring me and to you I say
this if you are on Instagram if you're
snapchat all damn day every day and you
always like I won't be youtuber I can't
be a YouTube it's impossible nowadays no
it's not it is so possible to become a
youtuber whether you're gonna push
whatever content vlogging or anything my
advice to people who want to become a
vlogger is if you're a snapchat
instagraming like this vertically all
the time film sideways instead I'm
rather than posting a clip to your
Instagram or your snapchat and pile it
throughout the entire day compile it
throughout the entire week and then make
a montage out of it at the end of the
day that's all the vlog is few little
clips throughout your day compile it
together hey presto you've got yourself
a four post it on YouTube in who knows
maybe I might be subscribed to your
channel but again guys I truly cannot
thank you all enough for they might love
and support that you've not only just
show me that you've shown my friends and
my family like my granddad get stopped
in the street
Cal said he was at a city game the other
day and people come up to him saying hi
and taking photos with him comes into
this kill at Nando's the other day was
like I've watched you for so long like
she's watched my live streams her name
on Twitter used to be like syndicate
something she's like got my merch and
all that sort of stuff like how she just
grew up watching me and it's just crazy
think that we've got such a crazy amount
of followers
across the entire world who at the end
of the day choose to go to my YouTube
channel and watch a day in the life of
me just crazy you could be doing
anything with that time but instead
you're choosing to watch me and like
some of the makeup wishes that you saw
in his vlog like these kids are given a
wish to do whatever they want they could
go to like Disneyland you know five
first class in like spend a week there
and like me all the characters in like
new dream whatever their dream is to
come true but instead they decided to
like spend an hour with me to you in
like an escape room I'm going to an
event or something like that Adams looks
like you guys have the most insanely
valuable thing of all which is time and
you choose to spend it on me and for
that I will be forever grateful and
always in your debt so thank you for
your time thank you for your patience
I know these vlogs are not always on
time but I love you I'll leave you and
until next time
much love yes
