listen I don't know what you're talking
about there was no livestream just
attempted to upload this vlog for your
faces in time and it just happens to be
all coincident over oh wait it's Sunday
not Saturday the 19th of August at 25
minutes past midnight that would confirm
we say that this was a daily vlog
uploaded late which it was but you know
what today is my third year of daily
vlogging so ladies and gentlemen I'm
taking the bread I'm taking a break
just for this one day just one day all
right just let me off this one day and
if you don't you're a Jon Snow bloody
bastard but yeah without further ado me
let you enjoy today's vlog that's like
one minute long and then there'll be a
recap leading to something and then a
bonus bit of trailer vlog at the end and
if you're like trailer vlog what does
that mean just wait and see till the end
and more importantly if you are new
around here make sure to click that
subscribe button
make sure you dig knowing that
notification bell leave a thumbs up like
rating we've done three years of daily
vlogging and I will see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day fuck
maybe Tom to store more day with a
lovely breakfast at a garden centre
where they sell lots of trees successful
day so far
got a meeting and a phone call with
Jaguar and things are looking very good
like I know it's been going on for a
long time now the conversation but
things are sounding amazing today is
gonna be a good day because we're taking
magrunner
to the Jack your garage to go and
hopefully if everything goes smoothly
test drive the Jaguar we're gonna begin
I'm at the Jag your goats there's a
Jaguar that I'm after that one that is
pretty much exactly what I would take
what with carbon fiber wings and stuff
like that do you like it oh look at that
damn today is the day we're going
picking up my granddad's new car as a
surprise he thinks I'm America psyche
I'm here I think I'm safe game Tommy
were edgy side
happy birthday to you oh look at the
bays together yo for this already gonna
scrape scrape myk's myk's cringing
thanks cringing sexy I could actually
take this car now this is a five week VA
absolutely beautiful but it's not the SV
on if I want the SVR which is a two to
one mile per hour one know that I even
need that I have to wait four months for
it to get built absolutely but the thing
we never tested was I've got a drive and
it's so goddamn steep that we call it
mount carom and djaro so we decided we
bring jag us see if we could do another
test day in like just the normal f-type
drive it down my driver and see if it
would fit and maybe see if we'd have to
modify the drive oh my god this thing is
absolutely beautiful though now we're
effectively redesigning the drive oh my
gosh look how steep is is it would gonna
give away
I said now the back end
it's about exhaust
so we're gonna have to actually all the
drive my own ever true take two let's
see if it'll get up oh there it is
there's the car because I was really
interest in the jugular f-type I didn't
want the f-type R what if the SVR so my
local dealership actually got one in
stock and this it was my reaction to
seeing it for the first ever time
the SVR oh yeah it's beautiful it's got
a carbon fiber spire on the back oh my
god yeah that's pretty beautiful man oh
my god it can do 201 miles per hour
yeah I'm not doing that I'm deaf and
every one of my roads I feel like I'm in
a rocket ship this is actually scary to
be in alright so it was at this point
that Jaguar had actually seen the video
of me surprise my granddad with the
actual car this is the video got like
three million views and the guys at JQ
it like this is amazing we've seen you
take an interest in the SVR we want to
invite you to a private racetrack where
you're gonna be taught how to drive it
like have the entire day with it and
it's just gonna be awesome and I must
say whilst I was there and I wasn't
allowed to speak about it they were
actually filming the new Star Wars film
at the current time but I actually saw
the Millennium Falcon in the middle of
this racetrack because roads were
allowed to fly over this area he was a
place where prototypes get driven like
it was the most secret place so stab was
chosen as a spot to film on they
actually saw the sets if all that the
rest of the world did but I wasn't
allowed to speak about it oh my God look
at this thing the exact same one on one
as well
Oh genuine f-type SVR this thing does
201 miles per hour this thing is that
goddamn bitch dangerous yes team thank
you so much I really appreciate it
you're a living legend and Laura in
there is absolutely incredible for
making this happen this is exactly what
I wanted to do today to just be able to
go and do cool shit with them they had a
formula a race team and I was like go to
the races support and they're like I've
never been into like football or
something like that but like I
absolutely love cars and like Formula
One to me he's like a bit too old school
but formula 8 is incredible we've got a
limited amount a Bachelor that they
allowed to use gonna switch the cars and
in the race if they actually use up
their entire battery the battery
literally runs out then they're just out
of the race through it's more intense
throughout the entire race
cuz as much as me but whatever we take
the person in front of verb they might
have to preserve their energy in the
battery Shirley don't reply and that's
the thing that actually happens so
because I wanted to work with jag you're
in the race team they invited me out to
the reveal of the brand new e type out
in Las Vegas and not only that they flew
me and my dad to LA we're in Los Angeles
that laws are a bit easier to allow me
to drive the f-type SVR from LA to Las
Vegas which is like a four to six hour
drive where there's nothing but highway
and just tear it up the entire time
obviously doing the speed limit but
that's exactly what me and my dad did Oh
see another even back behind the wheel I
will tell you an SVR
oh thanks gentlemen may I present to you
the Hollywood sign this is done by the
way from Jack you're a singer there you
go
zombie response vehicle that's amazing
we made it to the hotel guys the fastest
car in the hotel something new there's a
motel if you park in a fancy car to me
they just put it here so my baby my baby
it's nice but we've seen this before
all right look at this concept oh my
from now I went out to Paris to go to
one of the races and obviously drunk
sister yes you have got this in the bag
this is the first place vehicle right
here I believe now on to an hour's ride
this is David an absolute amazing driver
dad if you're watching this right now
first blood No thank you very much for
taking by my tattoo parlor
what was that deep breath persistent
resuscitation always easily I tell you
about that his goals after Paris I was
in talked to Jagger for so long about
working together and all this sort of
stuff and I wasn't gonna wind up working
with him to like the next season of
racists died now the new season came
around and everything was looking good
we're still in conversation all was good
in the hood but unfortunately things
just didn't pan out
I was absolutely glad everyone like on a
day-to-day basis to hit me like Tom
what's going on what's going on what's
going on and to be fair because the
conversation just went so quiet I kind
of just gave up and like wet and did my
own thing and then I'd say like twelve
months later I received a phone call
when I was in America snowboarding at
the top of a mountain basically telling
me that I'm gonna be working with Jagua
soon and on my 25th birthday for a 25th
birthday prison I was going to be
getting a fully spec towel gag you an
f-type SVR in my style in my color in my
everything I was about to start working
with Jaguar and you better know I was so
damn excited and the reason why I say
about 25th birthday is because up until
this entire time I was talking with Jack
you're like listen I would love to you
know like get one of the f-type sets
fires we drive around it and all that
and they were like yes this can happen
this can op with this can happen and
when they got to like one of the final
stages of making it happen somebody kind
of works out and realized that I'm gonna
minute Tommy's in 225 so Dallas of Tom
working with us so far or working with
us now it has to be 25 to be able to
legally drive this car on the road
because that's just the rules in the UK
if I don't want to just go out and buy
the car and instead get the car from
jagger themselves so at least I knew
where I stood and as part of the
conversation with Jagger that when I
turned 25 I'd be working on getting my
own f-type s VI as part of my deal of
working with Jackie I was gonna go to
Mexico and be involved in one of the
races that's why actually being involved
in like a secret race that was happening
and I couldn't say anything to anyone
and I was so dumb excited I told Jackie
I was under said now let's do it look at
the dates let's go let's go let's go
organizing with my management team
everything was perfect
I do the deal with Jaguar and I'm a 25th
birthday I finally get the f-type s via
and in just insanely unforeseen like
unfortunate timing it worked out that I
was gonna be able to do and make a wish
and not just only one make-a-wish but
three Maker
she's on the exact same day of that
Jaguar race
so I had to turn out to jag Yoon was
lying I know a bit in conversation for
so long I am really sorry but the
make-a-wish comes first and I went it
did to make her wishes down in London
with his kids instead yeah you were
totally cool they understood that this
was like my priority number one and I
had to say goodbye to deal and because
they had to say goodbye to the deal of
like the Mexico race that also meant
saying goodbye to the deal of the Jaguar
so it basically just worked out insanely
bad timing for me and Jaguar but at the
end of the day I went to go and do the
make-a-wish is it anywhere absolutely
incredible the conversation there
between me and Jagger just went quiet
because you know we got so close like it
was built up to like almost like I think
buying the tickets and all this
organization then it was like oh I'm
gonna minute we've got to put this all
on pause we've got to stop it but there
was no B&L to rearrange the Mexico dates
because it was all set in stone and
there was no rearranging the make-a-wish
kids because as soon as that were
available to be seen I was going there
and doing it and things were quiet until
I got a random text of rich from Jaguar
he was like yo I've got like a private
chat I going out to Portugal so when I
was in Greece with Cowell at the wedding
the next day I randomly flew out to
Portugal that's because I went out there
don't be up with Jaguar and check out
their new eyepiece and this is like six
months later after we've spoken just to
all this time I'm not speaking I readily
get this phone call being like yo
jeweller come out to Portugal I went
there met all the team at all the stuff
again everything was great and a respite
the conversation with him like listen
I'm really sorry I couldn't do this boy
the make of wishes came first
I knew it sucked for both parties kind
of like you know in the essence of they
add stuff plan for me and it's something
I've been working on them for such a
long time with what the kids came first
so that was a notification saying
someone subscribed on Twitch and again
they understood they got it but I told
them that I so badly wanted to work with
him it's my dream Carla I met Ian the
guy who designed the actual f-type SVR
and I told him like the story of like
getting my grandad a Jag you at all this
and even even he was like get this guy a
goddamn f-type s VI it was just really
funny like every pimp and out really
good so I am in talked to them all and
I'm having these secret means that you
guys can't evolve and that's why I can't
really film a day but it's just a bunch
of madness thinking I just say this
right now I'm currently filming this
video clip 1152 so this is some weird
inception because you'll be watching
this live on YouTube because I have to
get this video like edit it together
then live streamed on my vlogging
channel and as soon as this Tom stopped
speaking you'll see like
live Toby's gonna look the exact same
but I'm sorry about this being late like
my past few days have just been all over
the place with like meetings and secret
stuff and stuff I can't tell you about
so I'm sorry I've not been able to film
it but it's just the way it is but that
was the recap of what the situation is
with Jaguar and you might be like what
was the point of this well I had one of
the I think the most important phone
calls I've ever had with them that is
leading into the perfect right direction
and I'm saying there's gonna come a time
where I'm gonna need you guys and when I
say I need you guys I'm gonna need you
I'm gonna need you to have my back
because we've got something that we just
need to absolutely just destroy and just
smash this sort of event that we've got
in the organization like works so if I
can count on you guys to have my back we
could be working on something seriously
epic it's gonna be a massive win for you
guys and in five after three years you
may see your boy behind the f-type SVR
so I'm sorry that today's vlog wasn't
like really a normal vlog but it kind of
was something that I need to talk to you
guys about tell you about and it's
really - something epic there are these
are the random all these cars pretty
cool Netflix and chill haha hilarious
and let me do you one even better and
what you're doing I might be joking that
is truly something I could see my dad
doing like posing for a calendar I'd do
it I totally posed naked for a calendar
I feel bad about saying that my dad
would pose naked so I'm tempted to buy
him some Crocs with built-in socks see
these are the kind of snaps at a cinema
that I'm used to but oh my gosh
chocolate popcorn equalizer - and
apparently the cinemas net handsome
most special laying down seats up whose
lap he secretly oh you astray
you can find whatever they wish in
booking I must still attract very good
it's great you helping all these random
people and everything men like him with
people stay off the radar tomato
something happened to I'm obligated to
look into it call nine-one-one I figured
you for some kind of teacher in the high
level baby don't you ever tire oh I'm
just like you're dead I'm sad to report
that the equalizer I just gave it four
out of ten on Twitter just saying that
right now I retract my statement I'm
giving it a three out of ten
it was absolutely pants and I'm good my
honestly good they did Denzil like that
terrible guys thank you very much for
watching thank you very much for the
support over the past three years a
daily vlogging I'll probably talk about
it more tomorrow so it's a bit more
personal I just need to get this video
up now because this video is technically
the 18th not the 19th and the 19th is
when it's my three years of daily
vlogging but soon as though it's
technically like it's technically the
19th of August right now so I've been
doing volume for three years and if
you've been following me and support me
all that time your absolute legend so
make sure they like rate and subscribe
turn on that notification belt by giving
it a twine follow me on Twitter I'm on
there all the goddamn time at Pro
syndicate and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog maybe
until then much love and setting us
