well I've not even a chance to film my
day yet because I've been on the phone
all morning to the police to lawyers all
because of a certain not flame problem
but welcome your faces to another day in
the life of Tom where you do you did
hear that right how to pass three four
hours of non-stop phone calls between
police between lawyers between everyone
family friends family people being like
what the heck is going on so now
yesterday I told you give you an update
what happened with the police and all
that I was just going down to syndicate
original and before I set up to go down
cynic original bumped into him and they
basically said like listen I'm gonna
take the girl need to assess it this is
this is this they asked me if I imported
it from China of which I told them like
no it's for me or mosque it's from the
boring company I like how it's like we
were always referred to this as it's
from him personally like it was his idea
but yeah we didn't make them I explained
to him what it was where it was from and
all that and so the consideration went
away and looked at it and he still
didn't make a difference because they
inevitably turn around to me and said
listen you either hand it over to us so
we can assess it and basically it'll
just be gone forever that was not their
words of mine but I hand it over to them
they either arrest me for being the
possession of like a firearm or if the
cat arrest me they got a warrant to
search my premises up to try and locate
in confiscated now I said so listen I'm
not trying to cause any trouble I don't
cause any problems I just want to go the
legal route with this now they could say
what the legal route is boy as they
turned up yesterday I was like we're
taking off here I was like you have a
warrant to do that again not trying to
be a dick or anything like that and I
explained that some so many times it's
just that I really really like this not
flamethrowa it's like a collector's item
so I really really don't want to part
ways with it like I had fun burning
stuff and yeah joked about a series and
stuff like that but literally just wait
to put it on the wall so looks like it
might not be doing that right time to
flee the country
I'm joking joking I've got to go down to
London for meat until I saw this was
such a last-minute thing to get down
here for this meat in and I only had
like and I was nervous my flights at
7:40 and it's currently 655
security took a sweet minute to get
through there but 750 london-heathrow go
to gate 141 saw it now because it's only
on go to gate I'm gonna get some food
hey I was walking along with little hair
plugs in like minding my own business
just coming to get a coffee real quick
and this girl you might see a minute
laure like just tapped me on the
shoulder turn around she was like
basically crying I was like are you okay
she wants a photo you made it look like
it like hit you with something that's
around she's like almost cried as a
roommate wish your brother call hey you
didn't you didn't get her ass in the
original shirt for a birthday so I'm
gonna send her one for free so say that
when they say boardings closed okay yeah
they've stopped boarding it means close
the doors but look it was just he and I
used to pull that Moroccan style rather
than sitting in my normalcy I saw these
rows and was like yes
you may continue to use handheld
electronic devices O'Lantern
right then so we have updates on the
knot flame for a situation I'm just
gonna dive straight into it straight
away so it's fresh in my mind
so are you heard in yesterday's vlog I
got basically given a deadline of 4 p.m.
yesterday and the deadline was if I do
not come in down to the police station
and over there not a flame thrower the
police would be turning up arresting me
to then gain access to my premises to
search the premises for the actual not
flamethrower and it was also said that
if they couldn't find it in my premises
then they would then gain access to any
other premises that they thought it may
be in at this point I was given till
actually Friday and I have on recording
the police telling me that they were
giving me till Friday to speak to
lawyers like got my information from
that and then returned to them
on the phone so police when I said
hanging a minute I thought I had till
Friday to try and like work out a
solution I what the heck was going on
like just get get some advice on this
situation they told me that they didn't
actually say Friday and when I told him
that on the recording they did say
Friday they took the attitude of it we
are coming no matter what today at 4:00
p.m. and we will become skating they're
not flame thrower so we've gone from an
understanding of they didn't want to
escalate the situation being escalating
it via get a warrant from my address to
search my property and then confiscate
it or what was seeming to be the most
readily available option which was to
simply arrest me and then via arresting
me they've then gained legal entry to
search my property and that was what
they were insisting was gonna happen at
4:00 p.m. Thursday so in this entire
situation I had been trying to speak to
my lawyer trying to get in touch then
like I said I had so Friday which was
great I was like they've given me till
the end of the week perfect I'd spoken
to my lawyer and my lawyer was actually
an Africa so it's a bit difficult to
have like communication back and forth
like the time difference in everything
so this is where I now need to give a
shout out to Alex Clutton who's a lawyer
that I spoke to you from Ollie's the law
firm in Manchester as soon as I spoke to
him he immediately understood the
situation he knew what the not flame
throwers were a new alarm US quasi new
album for sale I knew a lot about it
already so I was like this is great
because I was assuming this was just
gonna be such a gray area that it would
just be a case of I don't know what
should we do what's the answer because
again when the police turn the part side
in my house and he said they were taking
it off me they asked me if it was
something I'd bought from China like I
randomly found online and they never
even heard of like it being from Elim
mosque the boring company buy anything
so in my mind it was just a case of like
the police have just seen something they
don't like it comes take it off in
without doing the research because when
I mentioned the boring company Elon Musk
running fine it just went straight over
the heads so I was so thankful that Alex
actually knew about it so it's easier to
discuss with Alex because he knew what
the device was and we could go from
there so what the police said I was in
breach of was section 5 1b
so now we understood where the police
were coming from Ravin it being a thing
of oh it's a flamethrower it was more of
a technicality of okay this thing looks
like a gun because it looks like a good
and what was actually stated in Section
five one be this was an airsoft rifle
which had been modified to put the metal
piping through of a weed burner now if
you don't want a weed burner is it's
basically a weed burner torch that
people can just buy online if you're
from England you can buy one now and you
can just walk around your light front
lawn or whatever and you can burn away
at like the weeds just to clarify not
drugs acts I mean just like weeds is in
plants on the floor and if it was to
classify as a modified weapon and that
would meet up be in breach of section 1
of the Firearms Act which would be
having possession of said weapon so as
folks while I expounds like you know
what's the best advice like what should
we do because I'm not trying to piss off
the police and they know I'm not trying
to piss them off I'm just trying to get
legal advice which they've allowed me to
do now only up until 4:00 p.m. and from
there I'm being given the option of
whether or not I just want to hand it
over to them or whether I'm not gonna
play ball and I'm gonna make them come
to me arrest me and then seize it which
obviously is not the outcome we want in
the slightest but at the time when they
turned up outside my property it was the
statement of we can lock you up right
now and just go and do it
are you hand it over so again it was
that back and forth of you know when
they first initially like knocks on the
door they were told we have the warrant
we were doing this and when I actually
caught you know question them on it they
said they did an unfortunate I can't
prove what happened in that conversation
I do have the conversation where they
said they could arrest me there and then
outside my house I have the conversation
where they say I've told Friday and no
one in that conversation does that
change to no we can't do Friday will do
Thursday instead so it then being you've
got till Thursday at 4 p.m. was like it
was just scare tactic now we'll play
ball scare tactic now we'll play ball
and then left it unlike a scare tactic
you've got till 4 p.m. it wasn't like a
case of like oh I'm just gonna wait till
friend into a round of like a what are
we gonna do guys like I was actually
waiting for my lawyer who was in Africa
to communicate with me but then when
they decided to escalate the situation
again I had to step things up so again a
massive shot Alex news team from
Manchester because their advice was
amazing super responsive and had some
great advice so I have to speak into
Alex I had the phone number of the
police officer I gave him a rang and
immediately was like thank you for
ringing his back we appreciate that you
even got back in touch with us they
actually thought it was gonna go the
entire way of them having to turn up at
4 p.m. arrest me and go like that from
there they expressed that they didn't
want it to come down to that obviously I
didn't wanted to come down to that I
just needed the time that I thought I
was allocated and because I wasn't
actually given that time paid to
expedite things so I spoke so about like
half past 3 and just ghost with him that
had spoken to a lawyer I can understand
where they
coming from now with the actual section
they were referring to have it been a
modified weapon because when they first
initially were outside my house they
weren't referring to it as being a
modified weapon they were referring to
it as being only an offensive weapon and
that's why it was a gray area because
the first time around they were just
saying it's an offensive weapon we want
to seize it and they weren't giving me
any information as to why it was an
offensive weapon and luckily everything
went well from there the police officers
were super super chill from that point
on I knew I were gonna be like yeah come
and get it motherfuckers I expressed to
the police officers that I understand
where they were coming from the legal
advice I've like had as well like it
like clears things look for not just me
but like the lawyers and it just gives
us a better picture of things that it's
like right okay let's come up with a
scenario that doesn't revolve in me
losing this not flamethrower because at
the end of the day I know some people
may be like Tom just hand it over just
hand it over like this thing to me isn't
just like oh I want to keep this burning
device just so I can set things on fire
I guess I told you guys I want to hang
it on my walls I could call duty zombies
like chalk around it I'll put it into
like one of those glass cabinets you
know it says like break glass in case of
emergency but my case I was gonna get a
glass cabinet made and have it custom we
say break glass in case of zombie
apocalypse so I was like this is like
the sickest idea ever but then the
thought of it being taken off me and
never be enough to get it back which
again they didn't say I would never get
it back but it was the case of if this
goes in the system the chances are
you're never gonna see this again so
we're at this point of communication
where we're playing bar with each other
and yeah you could say losing $500 is
better than going to jail and again it's
not the thing that it's worth $500 to me
it's a collector's item from Elon Musk
by Elon Musk an eccentric billionaire
who got bored one day and made a company
called the boring company then decide
some what can I do you know what I'm
gonna sell flamethrowers of which he
then learned you can't sell
flamethrowers so we modified them and
changed it to not a high roller and to
be a part of something as cool as that
like you could say there's 20,000 um
it's not that limited-edition well I see
Elon Musk is the guy who is sending you
know cars into space is the most Iron
Man esque person I think we'll ever see
in our lifetime and to be part of a
project he's been involved in to me is
like a massive honor so this is where I
suggested to the police how about I let
you guys take the weapon to disarm it
and I say disarm it like you know you
could just take off the gas and be like
it doesn't work so which I told him that
at the moment they're not a flame
thrower after like three uses steel on
the back of it had already gone so it
actually wasn't working you know against
like calm down
situation with them right hey if someone
actually broke in decided I'm gonna go
burn something down with us you know
that's what they're trying to stop at
the end of the day well not to panic
it's in a safe location more importantly
doesn't work but with the power of Ken I
hope we can fix it by the way Ken's my
dad and he's a wizard so for the police
to disarm it I'd hand it over to them
you know I suggested maybe you could
take the igniter switch out of it and
immediately as I was suggesting these
things the police officer I was in
question two like well and truly click
that I am willing to like play ball with
them I don't want no trouble and he was
open to this idea as well does he even
agreed that he doesn't have to like take
this thing off me because he understand
this like lights of a light I mean he
understands it's worth a lot of money
and he truly gets how much it means to
me hence why I didn't just hand it over
straightaway so it was nice to like
deescalate the situation to okay he
knows I'm willing to work with him he's
also working with me by saying listen
we've got someone coming in next week
who's like a head of firearms or
firearms officer or basically they've
got someone coming in next week who can
take a look at it and decide how they
could like disarm it without damaging it
so it can be put back to its original
state at a later date say if I was gonna
sell it it was for some reason fast as a
legal device in the future but basically
you know having my back in regards to he
doesn't want me to lose this forever
because I'm willing to play ball we can
find a solution where I can still keep
it and not damage it so I was like this
is the most amazing thing ever
and because now we're on the same page
this is where I pulled that like my like
my ultimate like ace up my sleeve and I
suggested the potential of maybe
shipping it to America the policeman
immediately said that it can't really
advise that but it could maybe
potentially be an option because that
way it's gonna be out the country I can
keep it in its original stay it won't be
devalued I still got it I got to have a
place out in America that I could store
it or just one of my friends that are
now in California where it's originally
from and therefore there'd be no issues
oh so you'd hope from this point the
conversation light in my opinion like
really really deescalate he saw that I
thought about not only one option but a
second alternative option because I just
want these guys have got to get back to
work doing what they need to do and not
be worrying about some guy who's got a
not a flamethrower in their local area
giving them a headache
I even joked with a guy of saying that I
wish it was working and if I could
invite you to my house to come and use
it and you weren't gonna confiscate and
you could have a go of it before I even
had it disarmed I'll shipped out the
country now again I'm sure there's
probably some massive wave
things about shipping out the country
and I am doing absolutely nothing now
without advice from the police or
anything like that so now that we were
kind of like laughing and joking about
it it would have been funny the police
officer could have come up and then go
my you know test it and be like this is
so much fun but at the same time like
yeah we have to do something about this
it would have been like you know an
all-around nice way to come out of it
you know cuz at the end of the day he
got given orders to like go and
confiscate this weapon I think he
expected it to be a walk in the park
it did truly feel like there was a lot
of like scare tactics use you know what
was said to the person he was originally
in the house whether or not they did I
didn't say I can only take the person
who taught me is true for it and I trust
them said then I had till Friday so I
had till Thursday 4:00 p.m. so then the
point we were out which was a really
good point to be out so too good officer
I would assume you're gonna see this
video I appreciate your patience I do
appreciate that I had extra time over
them being arrested there and then and
even had until Thursday 4:00 p.m. thank
you for that so we well and truly found
a middle ground of where to go with this
so as it stands right now the police
officer I was talking to said I was
allowed to hold on to the not a
flamethrower till next week and next
week when this firearms officer or
somebody comes in they'll have a
discussion with how they can potentially
disarm this for then allow me to keep it
because at the end of day I just want to
store it on my wall yes it would be
amazing to be able to pull it off and
let people try it in my house is
something like that but other than that
to me it's it's an honor to have this
collector's item like hung on a wall in
a glass cabinet or whatever anyway that
next week he would be in touch with me
with more information and we'd go from
there all whether to be able to ship it
to America could work that way I get to
keep the flamethrower it doesn't get
tampered with it just stays in its
original state thus leads us to where we
are now so yeah crazy series of events
I've got till next week I'm gonna hear
from the police officers and we'll just
go from there if I hear any more
information I'll be sure to let you guys
know it is a really really crazy
scenario and you know I understand try
my best to cooperate with the police
officers I'm just glad now like with
legal guidance like you know what my
rights are than what the situation is
like what I'm actually being accused of
rather than it just been like we think
you've got an offensive weapon but like
there's a reason as to why we think it
was an offensive weapon now so yeah I
don't think it needed to get to the
point where it was like listen if we
don't get it by 4:00 p.m. today we're
gonna arrest you and then get it that
way because again it was in a safe
location and it didn't even work and I
know the police are just doing the job
but the way it came across it just
seemed like a lot of scare tactics scare
tactics scare tactics and as soon as I
was like legal it can be backed off a
bit and that's all I wanted just some
legal advice and I managed to get that
legal advice
we were then on the same page and we
moved forward from there so against the
police officer I'm sorry got to the
point where it did escalate but it was
nice to see that we could both bring it
back down to earth and just talk about
things so hopefully we can wrap this up
by next week that way I'm not feeling
like I'm waste any of the police's time
they can get all were dealing with
something else
and potentially at the end of the day I
still even get to keep the flamethrower
whether it's missing a part or in a
different country but yeah just another
day in the life of Tom and I'm saying
this right now to all my youtube friends
which I've been bombarded with people do
maybe like
as fellow UK youtubers being like Tom
I've ordered one of these things it says
it's on its way like you've been waiting
for it's for months like what should I
do get some legal advice I am NOT gonna
give you any because I am not wanting to
be dragged into a situation again where
it's like oh yeah Tom said it's
absolutely fine in there you know you
end up getting arrested though even get
some legal advice or cancel your honor
and in the off chance for some reason
Elon Musk would ever see this I just
want to say I think it's absolutely
incredible
I didn't even manage to get my hands on
one of these devices for like even the
shortest time I wasn't running around
the streets burning things down or
anything like that I used it on my
private property and I had an absolute
blast with that I think it's an
incredible device I think you I like the
Tony Stark of our generation I don't
really hope you do more stuff like it I
hope it didn't cause you any trouble and
if it did I'm sorry but what I can say
from the first time I used it it was
worth every penny and I guess every
drama for a goddamn legend stay awesome
and thus I have to end today's vlog guys
I'm sorry it was a bit of a mumble
jumbled up all over the place kind of
vlog but you know I'm down in London for
a meeting I like how I like when I tweet
that was on a plane yesterday people
were like you were flee they could just
like no no not fleeing the country I'm
just going to London there's still
British police down here anything is
more of them and the entirety of the
rest of the day I was on the phone to
wires in police so yeah that's what the
situation is my phone's been blowing up
all day with emails of like news
companies like reaching out to me for a
statement about it I try my best to
reply to as many of them as I could and
some of the articles that I've seen are
actually quite funny a youtuber finds
himself hot under the collar and things
are heating up for this youtuber you
know just too far but guys I have to go
I have to get this video edit and
uploaded for your faces so thank you
very much for watching again by any
chance the police officer who's been
involved in like dealing with the
situation I really don't want to waste
any of your time I have no intention of
that I've always wanted to cooperate all
I ever want to do is just speak to a
lawyer be given the advice I got and
move forward from there so I'm glad we
are on the same page I hope he doesn't
cause you any trouble and I hope he gets
the higher-ups off your back and who
knows if one day it is like found out to
be like yeah you can have one in this
country I would love for you to come to
my house and I would love
to use it because that would be the
ultimate wrap-up to this story but
anyway guys I'm gonna look at leave yet
make sure you leave like quite and
subscribe if you are new around here
film every single day in my life whether
it's sat on doing nothing going on
random adventures playing with a not a
flamethrower being arrested for not a
flamethrower or having it come scared
off me so yeah make sure you click that
subscribe button dig down that
notification bellow make sure you leave
a like rate and I will see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish for the next
daily vlog so you know what it's always
like I say 6 p.m. but I'm always late so
look yeah I'll leave you if anything
else occurs for whatever reason I'll
make sure to mention it in this vlog but
more importantly I'm always talking
about it on my Twitter so if you want to
follow me on twit is a pro syndicate
I'll see you guys there much love and
they said yes
