Juanes our fix my sleep schedule but I
could be wrong ya know a better 11:00
o'clock in the afternoon yeah we'll take
that away but it does that even matter
why did I always go so what the lighting
in this house is just so awful if
operator morning to you laddies it's
actually a really miserable day right
now any month it's like cold and the
wind's blowing and all that but your
boil about place runescape and let me
just show you this real quick got
yesterday's vlog rendering out it's like
a 30 minute vlog rendering in 67 and
okay 18 minutes really proud of how this
video came together
I do brand deals and like sometimes when
it comes fire edit in a brand deal
because bronze like you need to say this
you need to say that and all this sort
of stuff and it's just like a pallava
where is this I already mentioned
everything I was supposed to mention out
of pure passion rather then it was on a
criteria list or something but there's
another criteria list I've got fortnight
updating on this Playstation I'm gonna
say computer cuz my void cars come
around tonight I'm gonna play for
tonight or don't long oh come come come
come come come before I do anything
do I have any commitments that I need to
do today I'm not aware of any book what
we will talk about real quick is this
police situation okay so if you're new
around and you're only just treated in
and you haven't seen any of my videos
using them not a flame thrower that Elon
Musk's company the boring company sold
this off like 20,000 of them and they
literally jack the prices up
ridiculously like five hundred dollars
for and not a flame thrower and what it
effectively is is an old airsoft rifle
with a weed burner put inside it to then
look awesome now I made a few videos
where I was doing this oh my god this
why are you burning the other guys
crotch and this
and always good in the hood did they get
a feel of it until I was just flying out
of the country to go to America and I
got told that the police turned up to my
house and were even wanting to talk to
me personally reported to me said that
the police had a warrant for my arrest a
warrant to search my house and were
along the lines of wanting to confiscate
said not a flamethrower from me now the
police have said that they see more
videos of me usually on my property and
I guess they don't like what I'm doing
with it apparently the police will have
a conversation with me around the not
flamethrower
as to where they want to go with it if
they want to confiscate it if they just
wanna advise me how to use it or
whatever I simply don't know I try to
read my local police department a few
times I can never get fruit goes through
the answering machine and no I'm not
reading 909 I'm actually ringing the
head pause and I spoke to some police
officers that I know locally and I've
said like do you know what he's about
this was the situation because at the
time I was actually not in the country
and it turns out they came the next day
again but either way the people arrived
spokes who said they know nothing about
it they look into her and I've heard
nothing else from it so it's people
asking like it's almost a situation with
the police I was very much expecting to
be jumping from a flight from North
Carolina or parish yesterday and have
the police there waiting for me because
I know of youtubers before you've had
warrants out for their arrest whether
it's over a parking ticket whether it's
over something stupid when the vloggers
got off the plane the police are there
waiting for a boat walked off the plane
and the police are waiting for me
apparently there's some kind of warrant
out for my arrest in England so I was
off expecting the police to be waiting
for me at the airport but they weren't
doing and if it was as serious as the
person who reported it to me made it out
to be that I'm sure that would be the
way they'd be pursuing it but either way
I'm still waiting to hear from them more
than happy to cooperate in a
conversation and we'll see where we go
from there so as soon as I know
information
y'all know information toll entry
continue life is not oh by the way you
want to say look that might be the best
design we've ever do it sign yeah take
two oh leg is that your fight your move
ladies and gentlemen ladies and
gentlemen introducing
that were released in insomnia it's
obvious if you're not going to get down
in description
use code I 63 syndicate template
alphabets either this hat may look run
it on because it's Carl's Brooke wait
for it it's not only just this so we got
go for that the sleek ass designs you
know what I'm saying though slick-ass is
that we got that back print up in their
face back yeah jockeys smoke coughs
really comes out to give you a spot yeah
Joe up pink it all up in your grill yeah
the camera stuff we thought it and Kyle
said some epic dude oh fuck yeah
I'll get up on it in the middle and I
want to know she cuz you so Ellis sister
even fire on city in the jam bro I saw
your dog body be so L is no brooder jo
suji's his own god damn man stubborn
jealous bloody brother so let's put it
up oh my god what are you doing yeah
absolutely crank I think my mum's
repacking by Kara something bought you
know I actually kind of suits our traps
are in sorry a new syndicate regional
sure so simple so chef food done money's
already for some food and then you're
ready to go and kick some ass yeah
Emma's he's breathing this is what it
does
stop it does it backwards like again so
why is he doing it though
hello come through the deli alley milik
has made me some food tonight not just
me Alice as well what you've made us
some fuck heedless I'll whip some of
these up quite a healthy meal I think
place of honor
Kevon the running away game I'm not sure
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding and she's representing
nothing no no no no Cal's got 5 kills
whoa just happened in bachi wait how
many a teacher's gift exalted whiz just
gave away like 50 subscribers in my
chart my chat just look my job just got
taken over what the hell that's insane
get the salty emoji because I am salty
off right now so I am so so so so tough
right now right guys the ruffle is open
raffles are open as are the controller
when tight ruffle in the chair no get
their wrappers open like exclamation
point raffle and cha cha we got that
right what better raffles closed oh my
god case you won the raffle wall okay
he's been to the chat bridge watch the
circle just concentrate on the circle
that's all I wanted to do
what you gonna do very good for you bad
boys bad boys very very proud of you for
that seriously just face yes that's a
bit of fall I know why God was Tomczyk
oh yeah you have a real job I know you
want to be a youtuber industry but
you're not there yeah so we were playing
for tonight - what
what is your genuinely honest opinion
you've not even scratched the surface
yeah this well learning on on
PlayStation for now but then we'll learn
PC it'll be so much better promise and
then I asked per usual state up to like
5:00 a.m. play minecraft all goddamn
night fortnight and just whatever the
hell I felt like so um pretty standard
day in the life of Tom of just playing
games all day and right I've tried to
film this clip like 19 million times but
I just I've got so much information to
let you guys know about that I'm gonna
save it till tomorrow cuz that's where
I've actually got everything I can talk
sh about I have had an update with
another flamethrower I'm not gonna get
into it now but things have escalated
that's all I'm gonna say because the
moment I film that clip you know when I
was like if I know more information I'll
tell you more information within like 30
seconds of me doing that I finished
filming that clip I walked outside to go
get into my defender and the police
turned up outside my house like it was
just like destiny that I'd waited it all
day in case they did turn up because
they knew I was back and they didn't do
it I was like right screw this I'm going
to sin encourage you know I've got some
stuff I need to take care of so as I was
going to there I bumped into him so I'll
be letting you guys know what the
conversation was about that it's a very
Mick
reception of whether it's good whether
it's bad and always soft stuff I will
say that both parties like myself and
them alike cooperating with each other
but it's just such a gray area and it
truly is like trust me I've been on the
phone to lawyers all day today I've been
on the phone with the police and all
that sort stuff so I'll truly like give
you guys the lowdown with what's going
on tomorrow and we'll just see where it
goes from there so yeah what what a
scenario right I was truly expecting
that like fullfil Lewis scenario of
getting off the plane and the police
just being there I was like right this
is how this is gonna go boss what's
calling now I am in communication I have
a direct line with the police so I can
speak to them rather than like wasting
that time because the one thing I was
stressing in this scenario and with them
is like I don't want you guys wasting
your time my police time on this
scenario with me when like I don't know
I'm not gonna try and pass it off to
something else bought in my area like
last week a seventeen-year-old lad got
stabbed and I've lived here for 25 years
and nothing like that has ever happened
in my damn life so I don't want police
like wasting their time and I know it's
like you know it could be of great
importance to confiscate there's not a
flame for all but I'm like listen it's
in a safe stored location it's not even
working at the moment so you keep doing
your job and doing what you're doing
I love communication you with your like
email phone call whatever but rather
than you turning up outside my house
with me not being here me not being in
the country we can just phone each other
and we've got to that line of
communication now so we're like in a
step in the right direction and you'll
just find out more tomorrow so the
madness continues Elon Musk I'm sorry
for causing you any drama that's all I'm
gonna say right now and you're boring
company but you know I thought it was a
an opportunity that I couldn't miss out
on it's like a collector's item and
there I hope at the end of the day to
have it hung on my wall
like not here but downstairs because I
have a blacked-out wall and I want to do
a chalk outline around it and then mount
that not a flame throw on the chalk
outline because that way it looks like a
college is on be good you know when you
can buy the good off the wall that's
what I'm hoping to do because I want to
make an entire wall of all like my
favorite like movie film game all that
sort of stuff like weapons and items and
stuff with a chalk outline like ecology
zombie so that's the current situation
as I could tell you up until now as soon
as I am
tomorrow rolls around I'll have more for
you and I'll hopefully no more because
it's like nearly five o'clock now I've
got like phone calls to make about it so
see you tomorrow I'll keep you updated
yeah we'll just see how this all pans
out so much love to you faces have
stereo sanding
notification bell to make sure you never
miss notification of the north
flamethrower being confiscated story cuz
I still got it right now wouldn't I see
how much longer that lasts
sorry us
