listen boom we're going okay that's not
a sentence everyone my mom to ever say
the one youtuber with the most messed up
sleep schedule ever good morning Steven
and we're gonna go get you some lettuce
my friend but no iceberg lettuce iceberg
lettuce kills lizards as a pro tip if
you didn't know it never feed a lizard
crispy iceberg lettuce or just iceberg
lettuce in general it will kill them yes
exiting outside where it's pitch black
and six o'clock get this leaf off my car
on a mission today we're going getting
Steve the fattiest banquet of food ever
my dad feeds in three locusts a day dead
large ones which is enough and that's
why he's at four like I don't know like
two years now sort of thing but I'm
gonna go and I'm gonna buy him a table
extra today and letting me all of them
because you know I've been when you were
kidding you go like to Grandma's house
and they'd like spoil you like Isis best
together well I'm basically gonna spoil
Steve today like I'm pretty sure
lizards can't get fat right made it to
where need to be I rang him on the phone
they said they have lots of food in
stock that's what they still do oh my
god it's so however it's just a pooping
eating machine they've got a very
invasive and not only food but a new toy
for his house I wanna get him a running
wheel but I I don't I don't think it'll
catch on I don't think you'll learn how
to use it oh my god guess how much this
is this small it's called a Boston fern
small guess how much that is right now
in the comments what item to show you
the price and I will let you know in
five seconds how much it cost one small
fern twelve pounds fuck Steve is gonna
eat for days look at how many I've got
I'm gonna feed him these on these daily
days but these are is tree look at them
them Ricki inhale like a pet on their
own five boxes of food a pooper-scooper
and a very expensive plant
they've got Steve everything he needs he
is gonna piss tonight Steven I bring
food lots of food ah-huh food for your
stay Pizza Steve burn where is he crazy
little ninja all right hey you hungry
are you all out of food did you run out
today don't worry Steven
I've got you covered now what Steven
that blue right there that you've left
I've got you covered
I'll shift it oh look at his face he's
never seen so much food in his life
you're gonna eat every single one of
them stealing a lot of them don't mind
saying I think I've done a pretty good
damn good job with that son that looks
nice look at all the crap that came out
it's all poop schools and just death and
destruction from Steve it over it all
right let's take out this glass because
I'm gonna clean out for that as well
this is the air this is what you would
have been a dragon you gotta make sure
is living in living in a life of luxury
don't we Steven you like it all this
room we need to get you a variant of
like twice the size and then put a
treadmill in there and the running wheel
and maybe a TV that plays my vlogs
consistently for you to enjoy so you
don't miss my feeding storytelling with
Tom we feed Steve hoppers large
grasshoppers all right absolutely bad
boys the gray II so he loves them I have
a tree I've got him locusts because
these are out at locust absolutely
massive I hope he eats them I'm sure he
will I can't see why wouldn't they look
pretty much the exact same I actually
thought they were all locust well
apparently they're not according to lid
now we used to feed Steve crickets brown
crickets like you get the black ones but
he didn't seem to eat them but brown
crickets what we used to feed him now we
have a bar in then in months as I've am
aware we've not bought him crickets in
months and I've just cleaned out the
entire varium that's what it's called
and I found this Steve do you care to
tell me who that is because this geezer
is living in your house it's probably
eating your food drinking your water and
we haven't fed you creek is it months
look it's still alive it's absolutely
frying is it it's not your money what
was that what's the fill is it Pinocchio
where it's Pinocchio
like cricket or something like that boy
is that is that is that Geppetto
she she would nickname it Geppetto
Gepetto's the guy built him I think
but should we nicknamed him Geppetto the
cricket and we'll leave him alone if you
eat him then that's just kind of mean
meatball
nonetheless I'm not gonna kick him out
your friend can stay as long as you
don't eat him deal good Steve hey presto
Steve's a very nice looking nice of me
I've moved the log now so it's facing up
so he can climb on this and bask in the
Sun so he's that nice and hot another
reposition it's just a little bit that
way so he can lie along it here again
all the sun rays is from that's
basically his son by the way all right
then we've got his food down here sorry
next food is walk down here which I need
to put some in and clean now needs to
get some lettuce for him on the way back
and then he can sit on that and got a
rock over there that can chill him how's
that Steve you like it it's good you
jump straight in it was dead happy by it
so as far as I'm aware he likes it look
at the size of this thing
alright Steven will you take a fancy to
eating a locust I'm just gonna leave it
there for you to just get all my goodies
coming oh oh yeah messing around
oh my day stick you're a savage there
our son look he's gone oh my days I
don't haven't feed him too much but just
because it's a snack I haven't fed him
in a long time you don't want to get
used to hand feeding animals like this
otherwise we'll just expect the food to
come to them but Steve's used to like
going 500 good a gluts and then Bob boys
I think no glues I don't flex it and
gluts around your neck I don't know
little sighs yeah Steve work it all
right do another one let's try Steven
get a close-up on oh oh you do go for
this the could go place
all right Steve I'm gonna throw like
three of these in there for you we'll
leave that for a snack today we don't
you're getting too far and look at you
looking dude I completely forgot to show
you of me whoa calm down I've completely
forgot to show you
Steve seeing his new one I kind of think
he's a little bit scared because I
thought it in and he was like wah wah
wah wah wah and then run to the other
side of his cage I think I'll get used
to it once he knows it doesn't walk
doesn't talk and doesn't do anything and
if he tries anything it would be like -
no nice cuz it's like really thick
rubber so we won't be able to eat
through it so that's
but then again he has got teeth like a
dragon so he probably would but it's
maybe a bit of dragon so I'm trusting
it's okay I'll keep my eye out and make
sure it isn't here or than that I'm now
going meet my mom at the cinemas because
we're gonna go and watch the film the
arrival if you're wondering if I'm
driving whilst on the phone I'm on my
drive so it's safe don't worry I say
that and then I'm probably gonna crash
into a wall ah if you watched
yesterday's vlog and didn't pick up on
the fact that I was joking I cooked that
food it was KFC like the whole point of
me throwing something in the bin was so
when you looked in the bin you would see
the KFC box there so a few people know
it's there but a lot of people were like
well good luck cooking but-- so if you
didn't click and understand that you're
special
here she is old Kaza look at her kicking
back making sure she's in the line so
she doesn't get a ticket she's been
there for ages like my Parker I'm like
yeah it's fine but then as soon as I
film that she had to move the car mouth
if she parts it wrong again
this is why would you eat my ghoul of it
she parked it wrong again this is gonna
be called for me all night to take the
piss okay okay it's still pretty bent
the only sport I will give her that to
watch the arrival because we heard it
was so good but then you're like oh
maybe Jack Reacher but that we've missed
that one
but then the accountants out the account
the how would you say that word that
came counter that Coon yakone DeMarcus I
Avenger kikyo's to touch POS we have
look the game in events is too far and
the food's always been a crock a pop yes
but we're gonna go to Chios let you want
five guys
five guys bad guys five guys 25-ton Rock
Paper Scissors five guys dirty Rock
Paper Scissors shoot and you go honey
Rock Paper Scissors and then you do rock
paper or scissors
goodie Rock Paper Scissors shoot
I win five guys alright that ends the
conversation but see us even though I
won the rock paper scissors we just
decided we need to waste an hour yeah we
need to waste in an hour not get fast
food being a burger so or get in heroes
instead
whose idea was it to go oh they're gonna
come suka Chios let's give him a start
let's not give them bread what was they
doing Mexico popcorn pop gone but I'm
enjoying are you enjoying your wait
enjoy waiting so long yes hey yo boots
arrived we've got some crispy tacos to
share and implicate the dish looking pan
and mash like what are you doing you got
damn Millenial taking pictures of your
food it's all about filming your food
nowadays filming it was good
don't bow - like I should knows I'm
going to read what would you give it
I've already got it oh it's in 6.5
listen I what I wanted to eat but it's
just like this they weren't a lot on the
skewers they were really wasn't that me
not much me and then the crispy tacos
what kind of soggy because I think they
left it on the side so along with all
the sauce him so it got a little bit too
soggy so I'll give it a 6.5 taquitos
service as usual was pretty dire but as
usual it food food food food and that
will consider the accountant really good
film I'm gonna give it it would be like
a really good solid like maybe 10 ish
but I'm gonna give it like a 9.2 and my
criticisms are the plot twist with a guy
in the fire and then the house scene
with the gun on the wall you know the
big con I'm not gonna spoil a few guys
cuz y'all had about had it got me what
did you give out a 10-8 a half well I
think we just got over that what's your
all-time favorite American Gangster ye
everyone's got teased my old tongue
America my mum's is American Gangster
and mine is to America will police
difference in taste oh it's another
foggy night look at it it's ridiculously
foggy this makes no damn sense bro
today the weather was nice but now he
does dark and we flip away skirt onto
the drab motherfuckers know
earlier on I was joking about Steve and
Geppetto being friends but Geppetto
sleeping on Steve's head what what is
god there's actually a friendship
between them this is amazing listen
right now I want to see some fun are
between Geppetto and Steve and by the
way I don't care if the name isn't
Geppetto for you know what was reference
to referencing to earlier it's now
staying with Geppetto so I'd like to see
some Steve fauna with Geppetto one of
them being friends and then one of them
sleeping cuddling up together at night
because that is fucking adorable hot
idlers if I have to end this vlog right
now because it's a new day and I'm sorry
this vlog was like hot by 6:00 that I'm
uploading I've been really busy I just
actually received this by buying you a
sneak peak right now wait for it but
boom there's my new bike but I'll be
showing you guys that like I don't know
if it's get me tomorrow or the next day
because tomorrow's vlog we're gonna
finally unbox this bad boy I'm well
excited I my mom's around again so yeah
but I've got to go now alright so thank
you very much watching make sure you
leave a like rating if you do make fun
out please make some really cute like
cute fun ah
send it me onto a app Pro syndicate I'll
be sure to check out if there's some
really good ones we might send you some
syndicate swag mainly some signed
posters woo so until then adios
