daddy are you excited because today is
the day because this blog means the day
that the t-shirts came out listening
I've walked cooked is someone in my
house what are you doing here the record
I'm worried about the shots yeah what
are you doing I'm donating my ball pop
it to you put it on walls
fallen soldiers and protect our country
and if you are if you're in the Armed
Forces you're watching this video me
persuade I appreciate everything that
you've done to protect us in our country
unless we forget those who are forward
oh it's gone
yes a thing nothing and we have a guest
well I didn't think you'd send up on my
bike then next Friday yeah better be
otherwise you not allowed to marry my
sister ladies a German if you're
watching this vlog right now these are
the new designs that came out Civic
original calm Alex well it would tell us
what they are I'm curling naked because
I'm waiting to put on the new shirt
which is honest to god one of my
favorite designs of all time have to say
that right now the raw design I'm going
to open it oh baby look at this for a
new design how amazing is that looks so
damn good Alice you did good kid
you did good okay as amazing as you guys
are you do send me some random ass shit
and a massive shout out to riding from
foster one on Twitter who sent me an up
some gift and on the Amazon gift he says
hey Tom and family heard you like
rocks or cubes especially the chicken
ones PS carried a neighbor Alice you're
awesome you're awesome saucer from Ryan
that's awesome by the way and to show
you what I bought me a massive tub of
chicken oXXO cubes this is incredible
this is possibly one of the best fun
gifts I've ever been given in my life so
thank you very much and yes I did just
number one
however Carol over here looks absolutely
freaked out to the fuck that I eat rocks
on cubes and I bet him a five of that
you won't eat a foxhole keep in his
light is down so you know you've got to
eat the whole lock so cube all at once
for a fiver you down yeah let me know in
the comments if you do this for a fiver
all right Cal go for it let me see let
me see it I'm so cute put it in it's a
little doing this busy that'll be good
wait let me see it let me see it those
it let me see I always nibble it not all
that once you fucking Savage
nice I'm kind of feeling Cal's not worth
about some cube okay yeah is it gonna go
straight through no are you gonna poo
yourself was it worth of either what I
told you I got a value Detroit a crazy
idea I would never eat that for 502 a
quid you talking Maisie yeah I know them
before never do I it's you know like
this you need a little nibble okay
nibble nibble nibble eat the whole
fucking you fucking
all right have a good ride he's back
again you missed us coming
help yourself to a beer that you fixed
should the game should the guys do it
I'm very well it's cold out there
let's tell me bloody eat out the house
is pure madness
oh no dad I'm not kidding you it's been
less than a day since teams been here I
accidentally left his fucking cage door
open he's gone
I'm not joking you less than a day he's
out he's out
I've gotta find it all right he can't
have gone far I guarantee you he's close
by sort of thing
all right he's not in here he's not
let's just confirm he's not in here
right he's not in there he's not the
back it's a big lizard we will find him
Steve Steve Steve he's in the corner
where is he gone honest to god can't see
him I'm really worried right now unless
my dad's hit him I think my dad might
hit him this is no way I can't believe
I've lost my lizard in less than a day
Steve about him I found him found him
where is buddy I need my toilet what are
you doing in here come in mate
what you doing black as coal there's
anything you book look at that gap that
you squeeze through it you can't just do
this Steve little shit he escaped one
day one day I've had him and you fucking
run out this is not a good start Steven
you're grounded
oh my god at six o'clock at six o'clock
every minute one yeah it's sick it's six
o'clock
no no stairs cheers Cheers
wait where we make them why'd you first
of all yet wait what I thought the world
blaming film in with the film fresh in
the botton no he's awesome that's it ah
there so there's a new wristband oh oh
yeah swag swag swag swag swag swag swag
swag swag swag swag oh go into the
orders and tell me the first person
isn't even a girl must've shout out to
Joseph Mason who ordered the first-ever
men's raw black and red shirt you
goddamn liar
you're a homie my friend you're a homie
Alice can we throw into his order a
signed poster there you go hey no I mean
I saw your postage Jason Jason Mason
Joseph Jeff Jason Mason hey I'm gonna
sign you post it now and we're gonna
send it to you to say thank you for be
the first ones water Joseph Mason you
absolute legend we'll be sending this to
you but is how you drink alcohol if
you're a biker
very well done Ken very mother is well
stealing that idea off me with the t-rex
that's how I did it you just try to
drink your beer great alcoholics think
alike I must have inherited it often
your bids dark as hell isn't it you have
a bit of a scanner I think you got a bit
spooked out by everything that happened
today you've been on floating glass and
then you ran off you're not gonna do
that again are you mate Hey no more
running off you're hard to do that
you're bad you you're grounded it was me
just Alice you're dead to me
yeah that's what Alice looks like that
make ups you go places Oh place is over
I'm joking my sister's beautiful
either way Stephen I think you need some
water and some lettuce in there because
it doesn't seem to be quite a lunch so
I'm going to go and hook you up okay I
should have little one which time to
find out whether or not this place has
got six Xbox one one terabyte consoles
fingers crossed this is what I call
squad goals right now I got six
controller kit six Xboxes and six
infinite warfare copies good job team
thank you for the help I'm so embedded
in this blog right now and the reason
why I'm saying this little like in
interruption piece is you see me
carrying six of the smallest boxes
whilst everyone's carrying the X boxes
in the background that's because they
picked it up and walked out the store
with the consoles before me so I
couldn't carry them so before everyone's
like why you making that woman carry the
heavy stuff she picked it up and walked
out with it whilst I was left with them
to carry so back to the video before
everyone starts there I'm lazy this is
gonna be the most dodgy looking game
you've ever seen in your life but it
will do for now so we're gonna set it up
hopefully make it look good for now it's
probably just gonna be like four four
five one and one just there like simple
as that because gonna get a bit tight
close quarter's two people sat that
close to each other game in there but it
is what it is for now I'm sure they can
live with it it'll be fine just look how
mad this is wait it's my cat locked yes
this is just not a nuts picture ready I
literally look like I've just robbed a
game store what the fuck this is just
the maddest of you ever
what the fuck it's like one of them
youtuber thumbnails where they're giving
it all the way like biggest giveaway
ever but like I said on to I'm gonna be
giving away all the copies of Gears of
War from these cuz I need the land stop
so I can't get where the consoles or
anything like that
I can't I'm thinking could I give away
the infinite warfare discs no you play
that carnival so say all we need is this
the remastered that's all we need so
we've got the remastered we've got the
consoles and hopefully on the screens
upstairs but that is just a map you
jubilee impressed with the size of the
Xbox is like the the Xbox one compared
to that is so much bigger and worried
that the fun on the tops gonna make a
shitload of noise what oh I don't doubt
it will girl it's true that all the
peeling that that fresh fresh off so the
way we're gonna the way we're gonna do
it is be like scream console screen
console screen console so even like for
that for the setups on the end as well
like screens and got console can go
there and then comes go there and
console can go there so this might be
pretty damn simple this is my dad's lap
or dining-room table for now so what I
could potentially do is just like drill
holes in it just like pot holes in it so
the wires aren't just like going
everywhere so am i might bring my dad oh
yeah yeah sure mom which room it takes
up don't show the code but like look
this this entire box out of the box is
just to hold to look like to a piece of
paper look it up that's ridiculous
oh no I'm giving away six copies of
Gears of War on Xbox on Twitter so if
you want a chance to win one make sure
you're following down in description I'm
gonna do some like like random code
that's oh yeah make sure you follow hey
we've got we got some easy XP them but
we got Tom NC with the fresh cook
easiest by the way if you're having
never been our clan name some explain is
exp and why the fuck we call ourselves
that because it's easy experience so
that is literally our clan bein easy XP
that's our climbing I know it's like a
12 year olds number no give it away the
codes are some fine all right if you
want to download a copy of Gears of War
right now on Xbox one get ready to
download the code pause the video
because I'm about to show it right now
are you ready three two one free copy of
Gears of War on Xbox one
go now we've improvised we're gonna draw
a big hole through the middle here like
one two three four put in cables through
but for now because the table separates
we're gonna feed the wires through to
there because in the ground we've got
four pockets here full pockets there and
sockets there as well we can probably do
the moving this table I think
and then there's actually ethnic ports
in here as well so we're absolutely set
to rock and rock and roll and oh man the
moment I said this was gonna be a lung
so he's like yeah that's a great idea
just never got around to it so the fact
that we're doing it it's booking dirt we
were gonna do it
Tom's right it does look much much
better good call Thomas a good car
this cable management back is sort tits
um yeah probably so might as well nice
to the HD Myers took to wake a power
cables tucked away you're gonna fucking
fast you this is gonna go no impress
this council came with a goddamn scratch
on the front of it what's that about
that was behind the sticker as well so I
was wondering if you might've been
listened bait Ward we don't need this
alright no I don't they know you know I
don't smoke in your own babe Samuel
wise up what is that that's nice this
gave these bad boys striated waves this
even got a thingy killin no god damn it
you didn't set us up words hey don't get
too comfy we've got to set the whole
thing go alright oh my god oh my god
well in the quality connected what far
is your download so mine goes quicker
we're all connected to the Wi-Fi right
now so it's probably gonna suck bollocks
but cuz I'm f Annette pause on the
bottom we need to go get 6f in our
cables
it's only a gig let alone install modern
warfare oh yeah let's go get let's go
get FM cables good sandwich prom
mayonnaise but who the fuck yes just
corned beef no mayo that's just a really
depressing sandwich go wait for my
sandwich typically the whole point of
that was to wait for it to get to the
top and then catch it but it took so
long to pull up my camera that they
there's someone ripped so yeah here just
go Hattersley to find ourselves six
cables
Tom where are they oh please tell me
they sell them I think they will
it's like the most common thing people
buy for computers yes what we found them
oh that's a nice looking controller just
shadow I like oh that's nice I like that
a lot but we've got the bike look at the
white ones anyway
the thing is the problem the white ones
are just gonna get filthy but none of us
we got the cables that's welcome all MC
who needs a shopping basket when you
have you just the greatest what grab
that I've got that what's with these
nasty yet it's salts don't fuck about
that sandwich dead to me rekt we came
back Sam's is on 23% and certainly going
on - Tom's didn't deter tom is on 30%
and yours is going well slow however as
we all started at the exact same time
mine's finished ah mines doing the next
stage of the update rekt rekt success
may I'm already at the next stage I'm
trying to test mine in that connection
through the wire right now but for some
reason I'm not feeling too hopeful about
this shit to be honest I don't even know
if it's I don't even know if it's
connected that's the problem I don't
want the wire from there to the box and
there is what Oh everything is good
there's no problems great success and
now it's time for me to be the first one
to install yeah don't enter the den turn
turn bam bam bam I prefer male BAM
what's wrong Tom oh fuck that imagine
that this disc is no longer working Oh
Ronald McDonald data clip what hello the
hell is Irish compound and now the
boring part was stored in store on the
game so mines on a gigabyte out of 45
and now I'm saying up the next console
for the next person you've known about
pass that yeah then put your winery base
running slower than me but plug wire is
in but wait oh yeah thing we're
struggling to understand Maui's if we
install modern warfare remastered if I'm
signing on my accounts I've already got
it downloaded does that classes that
does he disappear off the disk that you
install with it but then can it not be
installed by someone else like it's
someone it's someone else buys that disk
off you does that also come with
remastered that's what I was thinking
you can use download code once where's
the disk for kena sweet ass alright so
Tom's you download me 30 megabytes per
second this is pretty fast
he's on but you're almost a gig so I
must be at least 4 gig by now however
this download is having a fucking fiasco
so choose some yeah somes pick the worst
console definitely this this is this is
still on this stage well if I'm like me
and Tom well alright so pretty much done
pretty much doing getting there and also
getting there so then we gotta sell this
one and then one behind it so what we'll
do is we're gonna pack up three of the
consoles and then they're gonna take
them and install the updates and stuff
overnight so they're ready for tomorrow
teamwork it's - Xbox stop vaping it's
going in my house for folks Hey welcome
here is gonna be a cloud-based nature
and here he comes
the gates are opening and tasty is out
of here
oh oh you timed it wrong your time
don't forget to putting us all at gaming
all right
that's a favorite I have attempted to
clean up the kitchen mess from what my
sister did she she managed to bombard it
as usual I'm putting her champagne back
in the fridge and there you go
kitchen done for the night I'm gonna
turn off all the lights in the house I'm
gonna relax and all I'm gonna do is sit
in this lounge hopefully find the next
episode of The Walking Dead if I can't
find that I am NOT watching football I
don't even know why that's only my house
but I sit back and watch a movie for the
night and relax but hang on a minute I
just found something on my kitchen unit
saying here
a gift from Angelle Jessie I don't know
how you say that name I'm so sorry I'm a
NJ e ll hey Thomas a copy of my new book
sorry it's not an audiobook that's a bit
expensive to me thought you might enjoy
it a plain car rides love the vlogs and
Jessica okay Angie 93 well Angie 93
thank you very much for the book I'm
gonna read a book contagious or I like
that already thank you very much
pretty sure I just said to you guys that
all the way to do is relax and do
nothing all night well yeah now I'm
walking off to the pub to go join my
sister and Kyle for a drink no I'm not
gonna be up too long no I'm not getting
drunk I'm just going be in social
instead so let's do this I just got to
the pub and Carl has been drinking at my
house since 3 o'clock look at his eyes
what you love what you've been on
cabbage wired time to see how the
low-level lighting is absolutely
terrible you can't see shit you don't
know who I am her name's Jeff okay
is that so I see all useful fucking taxi
just oral posture yeah
no it's our soldier Kyle that's right go
on get out of here
Oh
Oh
favorite family beats three o'clock in
the morning and this still hasn't
finished downloaded 30 megabytes per
second or 10 on 7 or 13 which is still
fast and this this is one console still
hasn't finished I need to get all these
consoles ready for tomorrow cuz it's the
UFC match and we're walking around to my
house when we're all going to play and
we've not even got one installed so yeah
I'm gonna probably give this like
another 30 minutes hopefully get another
one on the go that way we've got one two
and some I'll have one Tamil everyone
and that way at least we've got four
consoles I can only see four of us being
it's more actually playing oh my god
what is that trying to stack up 50 men
get the fuck out of it praise the Lord
it is finally four o'clock in the
morning and remastered has installed on
Tom's Xbox I then went into my cinema
watched right along to and passed out
for the night so that's gonna wrap up a
vlog today I will have to let you guys
doing tomorrow's vlog when I get outta
bed to go and check whether or not all
the games have been stalled because I
left the rest overnight installing so I
hope that the lads come around tonight
and we can all play Modern Warfare
remastered for the first ever time in my
Lance up so that should be pretty sweet
but obviously over time we're gonna
upgrade it we're gonna get like a built
in custom desk that can house a the Xbox
or Playstation and at our PC in there so
it's gonna get pretty intense but and
like you know obviously batch ads and
stuff so 20 co-producer wanna help I'll
cook the the basement let me know I'm
already gonna probably be reaching out
like dxracer Ray's has already said
they're gonna help us swag it out and
the Xbox and they were already gonna
help us swag it out as well so they
pretty much done that part however I
just went and bought them because I was
like I need the consoles like today so
there we go much love gyros faces I hope
you're excited to see the progression of
the one setup and until tomorrow's vlog
I'll see you guys at 6 p.m. and as
always I love you guys faces like
subscribing and I don't Stoops
