yeah or it's a new dawn it's a new day
and I'm currently late for everything my
vlogs not even edited or uploading I'm
riding a bicycle along the front where
it's been raining all damn night
apparently he was like a major
thunderstorm or something so that's good
always good to have a pirate horn dish
now that right there is a house it's a
pirate's life for me I could have gelled
my hair up and just been a normal guy
today but instead I was like I own the
pirate hat because way too much money so
I'm wearing it another bloody lovely
haste oh my god
it's beautiful Hey look at ah it's the
pirate ship unless it's not the pirate
ship it's just a crash ship we'd make a
great that you would make a great ah
there's a baby on a table this is how we
should always do breakfast yes
say goodbye he's so sad everyone he was
so nice so welcoming
some of them subscribe to the channel
because he watched a few of the vlogs
last night and of why it was being
together and then like travelling and
all huh
and he said they loved it - the
subscribe like that's great I was like
what the heck look at all these shells
everything one of them is a show nowhere
near as impressive as the crabs from
yesterday
is that we do this how we do it
I left my pirate hat I gave it to a
little girl I was like Madeline carry on
the legacy and she took it has to be
said
you are the month thank you I love you I
love you love you
okay bye Jones got myself a ticket in
the world's smallest Airport or negate
the birthplace of PepsiCo
that's kind of cool I don't know what
goodbye new birth hello Lane to take me
home I've got quite a long journey ahead
of me to be quite back right along get
it to the gate everyone still boarding
the video is currently rendering about
six minutes of rendering and I don't
want that load speeds like okay that's
pretty good but it all depends on what
the upload is pray from the boys okay
okay this is good this is good okay this
is great
this is best new scenario ever all I
need now is for this to render out even
quicker so come come come come come come
this has got me worried it says well ten
minutes but it keeps going up and down
and up and down we're currently boarding
like as soon as the last person gets on
that plane I'm gonna have to get on but
I'm hoping this will upload in time all
more people to get on the plane and I've
managed to do it I've to leave managed
to do it there's nothing there is
nothing more happier to me than getting
this blog up before midnight I don't
suppose we get out by 6:00 p.m. bar I'll
just - got it you're in YouTube after
all this time there's no greater feeling
for me then when I actually I'm in a mad
panic to get the video uploaded and I'd
do it like boarding the plane
I'm literally leaving and if I would've
jumped on this plane it went
you live until the next day straight
of course a right now that looks
absolutely beautiful
this is why flying is my favorite thing
in the entire world
goodbye Charlotte and I tired very very
very tight but I'm not going to sleep
because this time on some food and we're
gonna stay away can try and see if I can
connect to the internet and play
runescape for a few hours more
importantly I'm having a steak dinner so
now that with some weird-looking snake
there's a really really really can state
it looks like a burnt baked potato like
either way I got steak
whatever that is some asparagus and
salmon look
it's okay at a movie recommendation for
your face I'll
dogs is an absolutely incredible film
it's a stop-motion film really recommend
me try to get a lot of sleep did it I
made it to London what I'm gonna do now
is technically and this one can start a
new one because it's a new day it's like
you know what I realize it was eight
o'clock in the morning and surprise
surprise another miserable day Lincoln
but all know is that it is actually a
new day so I'm gonna end this vlog here
usually when I fly I do vlog a lot but
because I've just been so tired and
trying to sleep on them I've just not
been filming a lot I know absolutely
sorting you guys you still like me fill
me every little detail and all that
sauce stuff but I've just been exhausted
I I can definitely tell you for a fact
it's cuz I've been drinking again I've
been so clear minded but I've just been
drinking water you know and just keep
him on my fresh and focus and all that
sauce like he's been great I was just so
hung over that entire damn day like that
entire journey home I was struggling so
bad that I forgot to vlog like 99% of
the journey my I rented went to a
Starbucks I got some Starbucks got some
food but I was sat there edit in the
vlog and because I you know how didn't
edit the vlog iliyan that I can go over
it then took up the rest of my day so I
had nothing to film so I am sorry that
it was a bit of a like a crap vlog but
it's just the way the cookie crumbles
and I am pretty stoked that I did
actually manage to get the vlog live
before midnight like I'm genuinely
genuinely so happy like it's supposed to
be ordered at 6:00 p.m. every day but I
managed to get it open like 11:28 a
whopping thirty two minutes pair before
I missed a daily vlog and summer that's
kind of crazy that like I thought I'd
already missed it if we go ahead to my
channel homepage when this loads up
coming up in four days is the 19th of
August which will mark my three-year
daily vlogging anniversary and in the
entire time in 3 years I think I
successfully managed to do the first
year with no vlogs delayed way or
anything like that which was a success
I think well actually the vlogs were
definitely late but they were never
uploaded after been that for whatever
circumstance second year I believed it
was one leak so I was like flying back
from Russia or a country or something
that the timescale was so weird that I
just physically couldn't do it like I
was flying in the area something like
that so that was like where I messed
the daily streak and then obviously
there was at one time when I was flying
back from America just recently and I
messed you up so you know in three years
- daily vlogs which haven't been on the
actual day but it was still there I
didn't feel my day I think is a pretty
goddamn good attempt but obviously if
you tried to count the amount of vlogs
that have actually been late and not
uploaded at 6 p.m. every single day the
number would be way too damn high put to
those who understand that the struggle
bus is real I do really try my best
sometimes like I really just forget how
difficult it is when I'm in America
because here like I can go out and I can
do whatever I want and I can be as tired
as hungover as whatever and then when I
wake up in the morning I've got until 6
p.m. UK time to get it edited an order
which is more than enough time even
though I started upload late I've still
got enough time then when I'm in America
because I'm going back in time when I'm
in Los Angeles a if I go out on a night
out to at 4 o'clock in the morning
something the vlog has to be uploaded at
10 a.m. so I have to get up at like 8:00
a.m. to start editing it and uploading
it and it just absolutely ruins me I
honestly hate it I would very much
consider hiring byron back or a
different editor for when I'm in America
do my vlogs because get it'll put that
time just kills me either way you may
have heard me teasing about what's going
on when I got back to England so as you
can tell I'm back to England I survived
I made it and you'll find out how we got
home when the daily vlog tomorrow boy I
am NOT gonna be in England for the
entire day tomorrow I'm leaving the
country in like three hours exactly if
you guys want to find out where I'm
leaving and going to you make sure you
subscribe to know you notification ding
dong that Bell and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog because we're going on yet another
adventure and it's gonna be a quick one
it's only a 24 hour adventure but I am
indeed leaving the country so if you
want to join me on it it's gonna be a
good one so I'm gonna love you I'm gonna
leave you thank you for all your love
and support I'm sorry I'm a potato and I
keep uploading the vlog late boy I'm
just an idiot and I'm clearly
returning back to my old ways so I'm
gonna go much love
nice adios
