no nobody was broken into nothing was
stolen this is just how messy I made the
room last night but it went off but
right we're starting a new fresh day and
Luke has cooked me a solid American
breakfast steak and eggs
damn trying to edit today's vlog and I
have like 45 minutes with the voyage to
work with that's a lot she's managed to
get the vlog edited I'm just trying to
get it rendered at the moment and then
we're going how do we get on that I only
ever see that in movies so we just rode
in the in the bed of the pickup you're
allowed to do that if you're not a miner
you're not on a highway and you can just
cruise around people like you had no
idea so welcome to the town appreciate
you Stacey legend we're gonna go to the
dock get on a boat which I believe we're
going over to maybe one of these islands
there's so many little bones everywhere
so we were going across to that kind of
look like just t-shirts and stuff like
that but I want like a pirate's hat
something lifters ask about your free
rides to jail I'll ask you I'm talking
about this alphas are amazing it's
amazing the umbrella and everything I
want to look just like that guy with a
little umbrella
Jack R okay IRA a quiet I paid way too
much money for this hat don't want to
talk about let's not go there but I only
missed the boat who said I had enough
time to go and get a hat come back it
turns out I didn't but you know what I
don't care cuz your boys got a hat
that's exactly what I wanted and yeah I
literally missed the boat by like five
seconds okay see this is the hat I
bought today but this is the house I was
really looking for if you say it's made
up beaver these are fellas what my
collection grows okay maybe this is not
my labarda of a different pirates guy
who worked at the airport stole a plane
from the local airport and then just
blew off with a look
he flew upside down oh my gosh he's
gonna crush them wait
oh my gosh she was still close to
crashing home so because I was buying
this hat we missed the boat to get
across to the island across all we've
got to do is get from here there Jack
and we can ask these guys give you like
ten dollars it worked we managed to
commandeer someone else's ship we're
gonna ride on over on someone else's
boat it's close to the other side and
really we could have pushed this that
pirates weekend oh this is how it's done
we just come and did someone shit this
is awesome I left behind at a drink at
the bar
Meister jump on someone else's boat and
we're going to where we need to be
thanks for leaving us behind perhaps
thank you so much
wait what's your name Jones Thank You
Jones like you Edwards I appreciate it
this is really weird it's like a booty
bottom bunk I literally can't believe
that we just met
what the heck
that's horrible
that's a nice yeah this clouds going
that way that means that storm cloud
over there's coming this way so but I'm
gonna come this ship right here
I had fun there for like five seconds
booked eBay geez you better watch out
cause I'm coming for your booty for some
reason I'm going backwards no Ford's it
may have something to do with this
Gretchen I've caught on to Jemaine get
it off my boat hey there yeah can I get
a refuel and a beer please
wait you have to give that's all easy
easy
although sort of like the mood no
Americans are like the kings of this
game ah you just go like wrangle the
pole Oh nailed it that's the next
hottest once again okay
I don't wanna be able to show you that
but you see it moving do you see that
book there moving wait watch it's about
Oh what the hell are these you see all
these holes everywhere this is weird
book climbing out of them but I don't
know if you look in the grass you'll see
loads there's like loads of bugs yeah
what on earth ah thing any flies look at
them look at them there's loads what are
they but they're crap wait
they're grubs they're absolutely crumbs
decrying sideways you kidding me they're
crumbs
there's thousands of look look it's
going sideways it's a little grub you
kidding me it's an island of grubs
there's absolutely oh no I can feel
myself standing on them there's thout
there's thousands of them look look if I
move oh my god I can't we better get our
camera the tent just flew off
hahahaha looking for here look look at
that look how many Cubs are ah oh my god
what are you kidding me dude David not
ivory would lose his mind over the shit
there's so many crowds oh my god I can't
woman I'm come one look look at the size
of this grub oh my God look at this guy
really so small
Wow this trip has already been worth it
for the fact that I caught a crab that's
amazing
there's that many of them that they're
making a noise when they move look at
this this is like next-level crack this
is crazy
overwhelmed Kent this should be a
serious occasion
I'm literally gonna tale tomorrow's vlog
I caught crabs thank you ladies thank
you
oh wait - steel was giving it some food
fried chicken and take it back home
successful pawn shop but there's a
pirate ship well ignore the guy who's
just totally in the shop but alright
there's a pirate ship i plus this yeah
oh my god Gareth if you walk in my shop
bro
that's a nice angle for taking photos
I've taken father you take Burroughs
load it oh my god I can really fight the
cannon at them wait he'll be firing the
cannon at the people on the shore I've
come all this way for this these are all
legendary people not gonna lie thought
it was gonna be bigger I told you it
wasn't big size doesn't my leg sighs are
you pooping oh yeah oh yeah give me some
of that
oh yeah take it off
hey yeah oh my god oh just monetize your
and the plot thickens
I think last Boone's
this day just got so much bad this Sun
is finally that look at the cloud the
cloud finally passed sire in a chance
we're up shit creek without a paddle
that's pushing us away the most
Americans cruising down the Wars of a
foot in the water got a brewski Mahan
life is good hang on may I recognize
this dock from yesterday swear I jump
drop this in the early modern zits our
naked guy goodbye hi such a majestic
creature of the wars I'm gonna go there
successful pirate state was oh what a
great day this hat they cost me $40
worth every penny this hat it was worth
it
this was worth every loop tell me this
hat was not worth the money
oh no I'm a little bit sunburned and her
request was that her ashes be spread
into the Beaufort Harbor by a cannon
we're going to honor her request
this is awesome
whoa I like this I like this a lot
okay this may I've got swordfish with
prawns on it there's a cockroach on my
table lady is right for the glass on it
sorry bro oh man I just killed that
cockroach on the table
hey I thought I was seeing things I can
see what you're doing
I can see what you're doing is drawing
me again I love you can I have to put me
to vote so I'm saying a lot I swear this
someone over there like kind of look at
this direction what's your name Dane
Cook knows me from blogging in Salina he
was four hours away from Manchester
didn't manage to get to meet me so now
is an hour to hop away
base station main campus
he's in the Marine Corps watches my
buddy just do great thanks guys to be a
holy shit
he's such a good guy I said I was like
yo ghost think about that guy I love
they're taking a puppet show that was it
- Gunn story
wow wow wow really small just aggressive
is okay yeah present we're back we're
back at the clausten's bakery also known
as the old club
wait have a rattling face flower power
oh that looks like hey tree a tree I
love them as amazing oh yes I did I had
a blast we really get along
why's it you're the best I love you it
was a really extremely for today I'm
sorry at the airport at star box trying
to get this editor to your faces I don't
actually think this'll go up on time
this might be a daily for that is a way
by the day but you know what I've
already missed one this year so I don't
think it counts anyway like there is no
streak or anything like that for I'll
have to end today's vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed the pirate weekend I am on my
way home now I'm hoping to try and
somehow get this awarded for the chat
aside I you didn't so if you're watching
this somehow before I've been that I'm a
genius if you're not watching before we
die and it's the next day then well I
failed my streak but uh I tried I should
never have planned a travel day trying
to get my horrible do you mean like
midday usually it just fell apart lately
I have to go so I'm gonna love you I'm
gonna leave you I will see you tomorrow
at 6 p.m. ish for the next daily vlogs
and we'll be back at home with Maine in
there and I will be able to actually
upload on time then I'll try to even
when I'm at home with my 500 or 5g dad I
don't wanna show more time so I don't
know I'm talking about but I have to go
so but I have to go to need get this
video edited rendered and uploaded
within 45 minutes to try and make it on
time which is not yeah but there's
always things love us
