that Sun is really coming up but at
least I've got one less thing to worry
about thank God for Bryan's faster than
that and now I can finally get 20 minute
sleep and I'm not joking
look at that television look at the time
six away I get 22 minutes sleep this is
not good oh my god I am so damn tired
boy 20 minutes of sleep oh we gotta do
this to ourselves come here thank you
for having me this guy thank you I love
you you can go back to bed now and yeah
I won't disturb but I am tired doggie
yeah yep all right mate thank you
yes please give a fall asleep in the
back okay just just wait a bit when we
get there mate thank you it feels like
less than 12 hours ago that I was just
at this Airport Terminal two we meet
again hey my guy got every red card time
absolutely flew me here I've actually
got two hours spare before I need to
check in for the flight so burn a winner
right now where is American I'll get
heroes right I'd love to say we're off
to a good start but debts never a good
start
this is chaos this one doesn't work this
one doesn't work in everyone in priority
he's cramming to get to the front can I
just get a boarding pass and leave
because I'm not checking this back I'm
all team no check bags okay so
apparently in Dublin to get to America
you have to go through us preclearance
first so rather than get into America
and then going through security you do
it here you give you like a tutorial on
how to do it
I'm actually not good at tutorials but
i'ma try my best so damn good okay
humming cuz I don't even know if you can
take things through preclearance so
should I eat now or afterwards aw I
don't know okey-dokey maybe next up
bathroom I think about being a nosebleed
custom and Border Protection Dublin free
clearance yeah I'm just guessing I'm not
lots of film in it so I'll be right back
yes and just like that I do have to say
I had the best reasoning for why they
were same excuse me sir why are you
coming to the United States and I was
like okay I'm gonna say one thing and
one thing only and they were like what I
said pirates weekend no I'm not joking
pirates weekend and I explained to the
guy what it was and he was like that's
the best excuse I've ever heard so
ladies and gentleman I'm heading to
America for pirates weekend I'm almost
convinced that this thing at the end is
like a business class lounge and I think
I can go in there so we're gonna find
out spectacular views this is a nice ass
lounge fifty-first dream oh yo
this is absolutely gorgeous not a bud
lounge in the slightest
all right let's go find out one's food
situation is yeah let's find out what
the food situation is after I just been
like five quid on a cross on there's
that cross on I just paid five euros for
I pressed it once and I think the
pancake comes out let's try instead of
black pudding white pudding this is a
potato cake
that's incredible ready to go well
before I do anything it's time for bed
rings game all right I'm pretty sure I
have like an eight and a half journey
now to get to my next destination if I
could sleep on the fly it that would be
amazing and then I've got a one-hour
flight to get me from there it's where I
need to be today again it is officially
a pirate weekend and you may notice
something I don't have a pirate outfit
yar hey Shalit final call yeah I should
probably go I was gonna start vlogging
and being like oh it's finally bald and
you know a lot but no it changed a final
call and closing so I made it to the
gate I'm the last person getting on the
plane is that a surprise not really and
I made it this is home for the next
however many hours I've not been on a
plane in the longest time so I'm really
really hoping there's a bunch of movies
that haven't seen so let's take a look
at finding yes I should be trying to
sleep on the plane but at the same time
I can't really want to see this yeah
Walker seems okay apparently that's
incredible and that seems pretty much
about that good myself a nice orange
juice on the side there he did offer me
champagne but yeah it's like twenty plus
nine in the morning so I said no to that
she asked me to open up the menu to take
a look at what I want and I'm going to
go for a salad and then corn fed chicken
I've got a feeling my chairs broken
yeah
I was carefully
actually slept in this plane
to seven hours I miss breakfast I miss
dinner I just want to ask mr. Allen food
and he brought me out like a hot cheese
beef sandwich
some crisps some fruits of war I feel
great I am ready for a pirate's weekend
this could not have actually panned out
any better
seriously I am so happy right now and
just like that don't even know what this
place is
I don't even know where I am okay I'm
now gonna look for Charlotte I have a
twelve mid-walk this is where I need to
be new burn boards and 14m is something
you forget about when you don't go to
America for such a long time is that
Americans a big like
I'm not trying to say they're all like
klappa beak-like I've walked around
England Manchester London all those
places and everything like that
let me tell you so much we're nowhere
near as big as Americans it's nothing
huge everything was going so well but my
flight has now been delighted delight
delayed in total by like two hours so
I've just been sat around doing nothing
just on my phone and in drama news I had
the police ten of us I'm house knocking
on the door ask him where I was and I'm
pretty sure they want to come to skate
there not a flame thrower so because I'm
not there I can't respond to cavalry or
anything so when I get back on Monday I
think I'll be having a meeting with the
collector Manchester Police Department
so we'll see how that goes whoop man I
feel like I'm getting on a private jet
plane number two ah right I ran all
right this is my bad boy apparently was
broken down for two hours so not feeling
too confident about getting on it more
goodbye back well I made it for the
world's smallest Apple it smells very
like grass about your life very fresh
very nice I was supposed to be here four
hours ago four hours ago
one step closer okay dokay
let's hope there's a fighter jet in the
parking lot that's absolutely amazing I
don't know if this tax is around here or
anything like that
I don't think Huber exists out there
I've never been here before and I don't
even know where I am is it Bob
how do you say it bothered on Beaufort
Beaufort sorry yeah I've never been here
before
even that Shack there just makes me feel
like I'm in the middle of nowhere
beautiful this is it gorgeous Wow yeah
that's really nice the people jump off
this bridge not to hurt themselves I
mean like that looks like something you
can jump off the London it was just
perfect little American houses well I
say that I think the house was boarded
up apart from half of them looking
haunted yeah the American flag and stuff
it's gorgeous it's the the water then it
opens up to the ocean yes sir oh wow
yeah oh this is gorgeous
Wow that's a big-ass house beautiful was
a nice house these must be some serious
money these houses
yeah I'm worth millions maybe a couple
million really yeah look at that just be
not to walk out onto your your dock and
can put your boat and just go don't
recognize God but that's definitely the
number so if I'm in the right place
before I get like chased by a shotgun
wow it is humid out here my friend look
at yourself to find out if I'm in the
right place I'm gonna leave that and
find out if this is an actual Ernie to
be I see biz so this is a good sign I'm
sorry I'm like four hours late dude yeah
can you tell I didn't expect the kheema
thick oh no shows yeah I'm drinking
would you do you think I kids of pirates
we could not drink now dude
you think I look good so do you know
yeah as soon as you leave the AC house
the humidity kicks in I hear a British
laughs hey oh my goodness me this is
this is so picturesque how many years
have you done this six secure so
importantly today I did miss like the
day's activities which was like p.m. by
the beach and be like in the town and so
you know the Pirates what binds stuff
like that but there's a fridge full of
alcohol so I can't complain so right
what is going on what is happening right
pirates weekend is is whoo can a bunch
these friends that I've known over the
past eight years because I can be due to
YouTube videos but I've known Luke for
so long and through knowing Luke I've
got snow Molly's friends like it's
family and we've all become friends so
Luke running like one day after we went
to the SpaceX launch where we saw the
rocket go off we like Paulo
we have such a good date games like a
six-hour drive it was just such a good
day like me and we bonded like we we
pulled up and all of a sudden we've just
goes is that you what man you're a good
supply routes weekend I mean everybody's
like pirates weekend weekend maybe we
didn't happy that invited you know so
I'm like that like cheesy about it but
that's the script let's do it so that's
where right it's pirates weekend so
we're in Bob Alford Goldman bow that
bothered so we're in this place and
everyone here gets dressed up as like
pirates and they got drinking and a pie
and it's men like day activities and
stuff like chillin by the beach and get
drunk and see people all dressed up was
like crazy different pirates and
skeletons and stuff like that so I'm
Forks like I have missed today's session
of activities which was the whole pilot
we fly out to islands and fly out here
to be here in the morning but then the
four hours of delays I had just
completely messed everything up what
tomorrow we'll be able to see everything
and that's the main day so look we have
not missed that which I'm really excited
about and if I can swim I dressed up as
a pirate by tomorrow then I will be
doing it but tonight we're gonna drink
we got some food I don't know what the
plans are I don't know if we're gonna go
out I think what maybe stayed in and the
less I made it I'm so stoked I haven't
seen looking like three months or
something like
I've really got okay we made it the
adventure continues and this is what
we're doing the life of Tom random stuff
different days whatever the hell we feel
like it however the hell we feel like it
and if you haven't subscribed yet click
that subscribe button
we'll just get to you the adventure I
just had a shower Jimmy's outside and I
feel like I'm still in the shower it's
so goddamn humid out of here
a mosquitos big out a huge
is this just how Americans do fun this
is not we do barbecues man there's stuff
I'm ready
how good is it pretty good your famous
wings sure everything has to be piracy
what we're gonna call these though chips
what's a pirate word for chips shot T
right shot C's yeah they look just look
they were like shit well maybe not that
one that's a shot dude if you give it a
pirate as well all right I was gonna say
wow so pirate
welcome to pirates weekend with Ken this
is what we do we have shot see pirate
wings koala intestines imagine ships
look at this sweat on the head I'm
liking it that looks pretty good
good I know that this guy's famous for
if you guys know a fire festival so what
do you do to fire festival what did you
do - bye-bye silly dilly congratulations
on that really that's a good one
cracking turds that's a good one brother
we should invite the good health into
happiness boy I was like do we want to
go into town and find out what's what's
happening with the Pirates and I managed
to rally everyone together so even after
a month I'm not drinking I can still
rally the homies and we're going out for
some drinks in town it's so humid
character - two British boys a bit
sweaty I feel like I'm lactose like I'm
lactating it's not where I expected that
steamer to go I can definitely say this
is not how I expected tonight to go
we're cruising on by listening to music
out loud like and cruise it off to a bar
this is amazing totally didn't really
crash into you but a man you know what
if we get arrested for this at least I'm
not getting arrested for not a
flamethrower in the UK you know things
could be better in life just saying he's
so American everything don't laugh at me
Yankee you mean the brita having a
moment of this is look at the roads
this is amazing okay so this is some
culture as to where we are and why is it
pirate place so 300 years ago the pirate
came and took over the whole town
praying he just turned up with his man
and like basically beat up the mare and
was like this is my place now really
yeah
so he took over the place and eventually
he got fought by the British really no
way yeah don't worry Luke not in the
middle of the road or anything from
walls so what became kami took over the
town and then the British came over took
it back the British came over to kill
him yep they did say that they had a big
they had a big battle right out there
really cannon fire for the reenacting
tomorrow yep cannon fire all that stuff
they sank his ship and they killed him
they brought those body back in really
there's a museum ship oh my god this
pirate camp it out there and tents and
stuff these houses
it was BB&T Bank that's a that's their
bank no it's not Bank of the vicita
malai this place is amazing this is
everything I could have asked for and
more when I said ride into town I didn't
know it was gonna be this cool this is
amazing
dude oh my gosh this is the first piracy
yes hey I'll be Robby get as well yo
this is amazing
this feels magical this is real this
feel but this is real but it it feels
like it should be fake this waterfront
is all the peoples like expensive ass
boats just pulled over so they can come
in have a drink and a meal or whatever
and you've got like people just getting
around on golf buggies like you can rent
out and stuff steak place it
I think that's someone's home look at it
a general store and they've actually got
a general store of a general store got
karaoke in there oh look at these bows a
pimped-out gene that is dope is that the
police station that's actually the
police station
oh why don't you just go with it whose
cups outside this used to be a bakery
now it's a pub what's it called fights
or backstreet pop the uber driver told
me to come in after you yeah Charles
Barrington bakery yes oh this is epic oh
yes okay so welcome to the world's most
graffitied on bathroom in the world this
is hot
that looks like a few people went for
this a chicken can make a nice pet yeah
okay
your mother earth is a dirty spot but
I'd still go G was here you dig I like
that one
Ghost Walk let's do it I want to do
yours is this where we going now wait
where's the over going here
I'm so inspired
tell me Ken Ken did this is what I love
you look so me lives were talking and he
threw me lived I'm gobsmacked about him
saying that boats with Wow and then
meanwhile it's just like I have no idea
what I'm doing my life do you forget
about what up dog decide that's a small
boat nice can a good boat big boat
bigger boat ah big-ass boat I am saying
this right now I am disappointed by the
fact that we're all locking our bikes
and they haven't been stolen for one but
more importantly we're locking our bikes
and we're going home and not go for
another drink this pirate invasion I
heard this is pirate we can not expect
these bikes to be stolen by now back to
this to be out drunk of artists and me
to wake up the next day that work
knowing I can ride this bicycle home I
am NOT drunk off any tits your Oreo now
don't put me on the Internet
wow what a power statement off the
husband she is the Internet it's only
115 that doesn't make a difference it
might as well be in the PM for all I
care mate 115 and we're only just going
home I thought we were gonna be out
drinking like pirates to like look that
bars full of pirates me the bank's made
out some two before could knock that
down with a pebble
oh yeah yeah as if you can catch me you
bastard none yeah he tried I like to
ride my bicycle I write to ride it now
eh I like to ride my bicycle
okay Luke what you doing I can't ride
with Lucas the weight but maybe Luke can
ride with me the way ya go Luke
yep oh man you just make my bite stop
stop wait wait wait keep going keep
going keep going
queuing okay may be the bike shouldn't
sit there then if we're gonna do this
because then one of the guys sisters
lives then and you should jump off this
dock as a kid so we're gonna pack the
bikes off and I really want to jump in
the water
wait question how deep is it way over
your head oh yeah it's you know the
naked guy right now that's a rip in ass
time like you said holy shit I'm just
not gonna put any clothes on I'm just
gonna put all my clothes the bus the bus
get the bike I want to ride my bicycle I
want to ride it now I want to ride my
bicycle I want to ride it now oh yeah
deadly deadly hey girl I go get your
number kinda has it got treat you why
did I come to North Carolina to waken
ham and have fun why we can actually
address this pirate oh yeah yeah I'm
actually really disappointed that nobody
was dressed as a pirate in our group so
I'm gonna make sure that everyone in our
group is dressed as pirates so I'm gonna
go to bed with a bottle of water
seriously if we have so much water but
more importantly
I'm gonna drinking weekend okay leave me
alone Luke he's drinking alcohol okay oh
yeah okay yeah cuz you didn't get the
water you're not even a part teamwork
makes dream life I'm gonna leave you
guys say I love you I'll leave you make
sure you leave a like written subscribe
us.you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next
day blog until then he's doing sumo
wrestling so I love you all bye no
seriously I have to go now because it's
3 o'clock in the morning we jumped in
the sea and it was a great out of steam
so much love goodbye understand d-ohh
oh my god you haven't subscribed to
channel yet please subscribe 1 do you
run or casual I'll see you tomorrow 6
p.m. it's all yours bye
