mm last night was a tough one
I was up till 4:00 a.m. uploading a
video and before you say then it wasn't
my super faster than this fault
it took YouTube two-and-a-half hours to
process it WTF mate voice dude on its
new day for replaces on YouTube comments
for a bit and then you better know your
boy it's going out yes welcome to the
home of the best caves in Manchester
even though I think I mean old hahaha oh
my goodness me 665 quite frank 1195
goddamn I am so hungry right now that is
definitely the most random ice cream
I've ever seen in my wife unicorn
vanilla this is literally the worst
place in the world for me to be all of
this is just temptation you can make
your own chocolate bar look at
everything you can put in it everything
you see there can go in your own
chocolate bar okay that's incredible
walk away growing weed in the roof of
that house it's set on fire oh oh the
police ready to get them it's set on
fire and all the houses on the road burn
down good no please keep going please
keep going please keep going it went
past the old people's home no one no one
croaked it today well I got you guys
good I got you really good come on let's
see some booty moves come on that's a
very Drizzy
hey go on oh that's like a fault know it
dance do you know what he fought do you
know any 4/9 dances
come on what you know do the jubilee
jubilee orange run
make up what you think the Orangemen
dance is it fails his arms a lot okay
how'd you dance like that
no that's black you play ball of Cuban
you think that's orange face orange man
down okay well this is going to cringe
complication hello a peace lily
we come in peace way off you gotta show
me she's got some to show me on one sec
what's Bucky start oh my god when the
sun's out ladies and gentlemen the guns
are out it's good to see you short sweet
but you guys are doing good everyone Lee
I want you to leave a very nice comment
firma mom and Alice in the comment of
this video show him some love and
support for our you know what's in the
Bucky a camera it's a flip flop all
these two flip flops I may indeed be
going all the way yeah it looks like I
became a postman personally delivering
and what's it called right love you
leave yeah yeah I know it pops you just
pull my finger out you crank
nice office mate why don't you upgrade
okay story time with ton so I got
invited to go to ages ago and I was like
yep talk down it's tomorrow but I
thought I could maybe fly out tomorrow
I'll get there by the nighttime and
everything will be set no it turns out
that's not the case we can start today
not tomorrow so I'm looking at right now
is I'm trying to get myself out of here
by tonight even though it's nearly 5:00
p.m. and if we take off the only flight
to get me where I want to go is that
8:35 it's a 24-hour fly and there's a
layover and so I was having polls open
in doubling for 12 hours the normal
person might not take this but I love
running adventure and to I know people
around the world so if we do go to
Dublin I may have a friend that I can
meet up with ladies and gentlemen it's
happening no messing about in the
slightest right now it is currently like
nine minutes to six the flight is at
8:20 okay the flight is 8:20 I have to
rush down to the coverage you know I've
got a science of documentation I've
gotta get a taxi ray
the airport on account missus like so
pray for me right now but you guys said
you wanted some trouble we've got a
massive hype on like the gaming channel
and all that sort of stuff so it's time
for a massive hype on the vlog channel
we are going on a random adventure
starting start in wait for it now Todd
black stressful I've I've done and I've
done what you need it I found what you
need saddening are we good mom Alice yes
I got your chocolate you're happy are
you happy
wait wait wait wait do you watch know
you've got the office I do we really I
thought you're a diet I didn't have a
cheat day last Sunday so this chocolate
piece is gonna classes excite always
wanted to try with a chocolate bottom I
love you love you love you love you love
you love you I hope I've been Church
they works and I get there on time and
everything's great another cool okay I'm
going okay I'm going I'm going
I love you I love you finish out tonight
tell dad I'm sorry I couldn't join him
sad to leave the country love you a
little bit I haven't started this
adventure and we're already in gridlock
mint uber helicopter please uber
helicopter oh it's coming it's coming
I think my flight is at 8:20 so I think
we're making good time right now Boop
alright the taxi driver got me here so
damn quick okay
that's what I mean I need the double fly
gates 29 to 30 which I think is this one
Eldin this that's a big ask you uh I
think I have priority check-in so let's
ignore all these prove it I only just
ordered this ticket like an hour ago and
we have a ticket
we're going to Dublin your boy is going
on an adventure
this is how exactly I want to do my life
of Tom travelling which is like live
streaming gaming this is this and that
and then also in just being like boom
we're going somewhere
cuz I'm that way you guys don't know
where I'm going I don't know where I'm
going I don't know what I'm doing I
don't know if I'm gonna make it book
but Herschel my bag got searched and you
know what they didn't even slow me down
there was that many people that it was
quicker for me to get my bag searched
for once then it was for me to just go
through the normal security so that was
a win that was an actual winner tell you
something it is currently only seven
o'clock
I'm not flight he's not until we're as
doubling so 8:35 I've got 40 minutes of
the gate opens blue I've got enough time
for a star books I've never wondered
around I actually just made the new
voyage of the deep episode go live on
YouTube so I'm gonna sit down approve
some comments for that and just kick it
for a like an hour until I have to go so
that's one look how reflective that is
I've just polished it yesterday I could
use a glass cleaner to clean the screen
and look at it it's like a body mirror
anyway I've got myself a coffee gamma by
describes in started I can see the time
for the planes I'm a respond to comments
for the next 30 minutes and then a
warning to the way the temptation to get
on that Dubai fight instead is real but
we're going to Dublin gets it this is
Tommy who I just met and also that your
whole bobbing crank get myself to Island
spend 12 hours at a friend's house and
then set up on my next adventure
so goodbye England
all right 30 minute flight late night
right your boy has made it to doublet
now time to find my friend yeah I can
understand how everything I'm gonna say
about Irish be a different language this
racism so sorry about that
I love thought the first thing you see
is in Ireland drive on the left okay
listen oh it's everywhere do people
really not know how to drive in
different good resolutely everywhere
what currency do they use here is it
like golden coins or super sorry again
racism it's only like half past 9:00 at
night and this air pours like abandoned
time to get myself a taxi I think he's
gonna take me about half an hour to get
ready to go so I'm really really pushing
it we getting the vlog uploaded but I'm
feeling confident how long do you think
it will take to get there oh really
oh sweet perfect thank you very much sir
I've made it to my destination the
laptop is rendering the vlog out as fast
as possible and let me say this right
now I am so sorry for yesterday's vlog
yesterday's vlog was 60 seconds of
yesterday and then five minutes of today
of me explaining why yesterday's war was
almost 60 seconds of that day that said
I didn't even manage to render the video
out in 1080p like an AMA dude I had to
render in 720p because I've only got 14
minutes to try and get it uploaded and
if it looks like I'm not gonna be able
to get it uploaded before midnight I'm
gonna have to try and borrow my guests
computer which is oh my god right I owe
this guy so much right now I've got a 12
hour layover from here like I couldn't
fall I couldn't fall out tomorrow
morning
I couldn't phone out at any other time
or anything like that this trip of going
to go on the orbit route is only made
possible thanks to this guy I have a 12
hour layover in Dublin and he's letting
me stay you rang me today
I don't know it Brian Brian I need a
place to stay I got 12 hour layover over
I've ever had yeah basically
what good do tonight we're gonna do
tonight oh yeah yeah yeah we'll show you
did yeah I am so I am an amazing game oh
yeah seriously wait wait until you see
this I've got to get this done
today might be my cheat day this will be
my first non Sunday cheat day to day so
we're having some food will show you
what's going on in a minute I need to
get this vlog up and if it doesn't got
LA I might have to live stream it from
his place too much my vlogging Channel
otherwise it's not going I'm in that so
rough talk about the cheat day right my
cheat day is like oh this is Machida
exert a piece of chocolate did anybody
know that the bottommost chocolate that
much chocolate you wrote your health guy
yeah yeah okay wait how I go to the gym
a lot how do you justify this thanks I
can't really justify this what's that
stop you got duck pancakes bro I said I
was cheated one meal you like the
pancakes I even for you man this is
gonna be pushing it it's 1151 this vlog
is gonna take four minutes to load and I
need it to process quicker than before
midnight
well I'll even make it go public in like
360p or whatever just so it goes live
before me now otherwise it doesn't
classed as a daily vlog and if it isn't
ready by 11:59 I'm gonna live show me to
the channel I think he's gonna do it I
think he's gonna do it simple with you
why do I have to be mission impossible
defusing the ball man don't know
I feel like the guy most favors I feel
like that guy fighting the bear this is
the bear right now did you actually have
sex with him how do you feel about the
dog I was gonna say does he have a voice
do you give him a voice I reckon he says
like ER he does oh my god
it does say processing one second
remaining as soon as pictures pop a pair
or it goes gray that means it's in 360
or whatever but what this is where it
gets stopped it
11:56 I have four minutes for this to go
to 100% your internet slow well you get
five hundred five to down a road episode
it purposely did that purposely did that
yeah when you go away when you're gonna
come stay with me now mmm you gonna come
with like nineteen videos to upload just
a bulk upload mmm
dude I'm a bit of mr. daily vlog I'm
telling you there's no way this video we
need these to stop spinning and turn
into grey squares before that hits 12
inning or do it oh wait wait am I like
usual link that's usually it make it boy
don't you can't be seen like 1p coy
did it I did it publicly why vlog vlog
in 60 seconds uploaded before midnight
gogog daily vlog yet okay that second
time he's not hype I'm a daily vlog
daily vlog did fail got open time yeah
oh yeah oh my god actually did it feels
about this is this is a what look look
at the video I don't know what I was
doing I was just talking and then all of
a sudden I started just doing this with
my eyes look how stressed it was I look
like mr. bean Wow longest vlog ever yeah
he understands appreciate it one minute
before midnight oh my goodness me didn't
think you're gonna do it Tom glad you
did the bus the hostel is real not fishy
gang you sexy beast much love and
blessed
Tom Ledyard best blog ever maybe not oh
this this right here was touching
cloth
11:57 boo good day and oh my god I
thought it would it it's a wrong channel
oh I accidentally clicked my gaming
channel then I myself
da da there it is such a weight off my
shoulder no don't worry less stressed
and more success today we're glad to be
trying the chicken of Ireland we look
like we're actually doing like a
youtuber proper Asian Kohaku channel
welcome hey guys welcome to my channel
Cindy keith's Cindy key indicators in
the Cui's Cindy Queens and tries to do
something smart with the name and a
 up bro I can smell the MSG from
here
msg it's soap bro my mouth is saliva is
salivating like absolutely mad so first
we got complimentary and salt and pepper
chickens it's good for veteran oh do we
have to do the dang what was it the
chicken connoisseur all those crepes
trap chat Crab Shack crap check check
you know what I'm saying ten ten ten
straight fire son now opened by a
Vietnamese charlet like two weeks ago
yeah you know I'm saying we destroy fire
straight fire okay bye Charlotte yeah we
don't support y'all a bit so okay so
wait they give it up so can we put
chicken wings
salt and pepper chicken style I have not
sown pepper chicken in a month
is this actually the best do you think
it's good what would you give out at ten
I'll give it a good eight point this
smells incredible eight point five but
the thing is the chicken over here just
a little bit chicken in Ireland that's
pretty goddamn amazing again for people
being like Thomas like reading healthy I
am I didn't have achieved a last Sunday
so today is being last Sunday she day
and I've noticed that doing like this is
my toad week away cute gay sort of thing
not gonna do that even though I'm gonna
be drinking alcohol this weekend where
I'm going I'll try and eat healthy as
well
okay so I've not added salt and pepper
chicken in the longest time right
texture
okay not gonna lie this but as kind of
soggy doesn't look too crispy you give
it a name okay first of all they taste
sweet
that doesn't taste nice out of that book
unless my temperature change
it tastes tastes more like like a Cajun
a chicken rather than salt and pepper
said let me go to the bottom find change
right yeah look
salt pepper chicken is usually quite
crispy hey well hey maybe it's cause
it's Irish because it's soft it's Irish
it's soft stuff because it's Irish
it smells good it tastes sweet maybe
that's the Emma's cheese this is
definitely a masseuse this looks like
some pepper chicken that I'm used to
sorry let me try this that's sweet as
well it's salt and pepper right then no
chicken taste anything but salt the
pepper chicken there's clearly something
else in this recipe there's salt and
pepper I'm chicken
I'm sweetener in it that's all I'm
saying someone spilled some sugar or
honey in this thing is something like
that my review of island salt pepper
chicken airs for saw and beverage
chicken not just as a dish this is a
five it's really good this food is some
of the best food I've had because it
tastes so good but but salt pepper
chicken
oh that's a bit crispier five-on-five
he's still disappointed he thought I was
gonna give it like an ape Brian just
came over dropped off a war and he was
like ah I've got I've got loads of days
but I know that's the one thing that
you've you know you've chopped off the
diet and I was like no I was doing a
month of no drinking alcohol is always
in the die and then that was actually
his next David after that so I'm in
Ireland come on you've got a lot of
Guinness have you got any drinks
Guinness seriously not full of
not there's not a leprechaun book in his
fridge
there's potatoes right there who just
has potatoes opening the fridge not just
that another bag of potatoes hmm murder
I sure do hey jokey in the street all
these draw are you kidding me there's a
potato in the oven yeah with me just
taking a look at the new Minecraft video
by the way link in description episode 2
is out already
and he says come opening it get blog it
oh great that looks like a sex toy this
is for Carl
oh it's like a sex toy yeah that looks
like it belongs to Austin Powers but
okay if you ever come visit my Google is
very good at something all right hey
Google man United Manchester United's
next game will be strong we'll take a
list of City wait wait take two Manion
eyes it the next matches today night
p.m. when they will be playing list to
see there is my Chester hey Google
Manchester United the next match will be
today I'm just gonna tickle hey Google
Red Devils
glory glory man United wait it changes
your lights changing 17 lights to white
wait wait hey Google turn the lights
blue alright changing 10 night saloon
1000 slows it what bro wait hey Google
turn the light pink hey Google make all
the lights purple Oh 15 she can't decide
how many she wants today's whoa yeah by
the way this is his obviously show
they'll face this awake we'll do this
like it's MTV Cribs wait wait take take
one welcome to my YouTube breathe hey
Turk so 3 2 1
oh ok take 3 go to the Auto sensational
penetration office where we make the
magic happen here's Terry how are you
Terry
wha good lad
so so first vice versa this is my homage
David Beckham oh really
he's my hero he was number seven he was
born and he was a gift sent from heaven
here's my man I'm a man Charlie one set
this light in he's really not doing you
any favors where there hey Google to the
lights white I don't know where it is
they're gonna do oh that's barbaric
oh my god this dope so this is my
manchild collection of all my emos that
I'd like with my community on Twitch so
they they go on to like my wish list and
they they've got me the most insane
paint amiibos this was sent to me by
vanoss because I love turbo man oh
that's actually super rare yeah that's
like your collectible thing really you
know before your old virgin when he has
all don't take them out of the box
that's lines that's what you don't take
out so it looks better right oh you've
only got to pop because that's shite I
got 350 Wow such a collection alright
sorry take it back yeah es3 oh that's
quite good it's in a case yeah it was
given to me by a fan oh very nice which
you're not going to this year thanks
mate let me go on my own dick wait this
is where that wait go in the chair and
then your turn around I'll do out with a
montage shots three two one and this is
where oh how often do your videos at
Sogeti monetized never mind ever either
everyone always one video one video gets
to monetize they make a big huge thing
about it but really you know how all the
other videos they have yeah I have a
question
yo this should be one of those things
where it's like you know 40 questions
with vogue when it's all like you want
taking your answer right what happened
to your this is the stuff I have a my
walls a minor all stuck there
professionally so I don't own this
property I rent it oh excuse the super
strong adhesive spray because it takes
the paint with it so what I use are
these kind of no more nails like sticky
pads that you can just peel these off
and they're gone so you'd see this here
so I could just follow the okay that's
actually incredible so I don't know
by easy I don't use normally when you
get these panels it comes with a very
strong adhesive spray that you spray on
that's exactly why did you have Emily do
you want the property I don't because if
I leave this property and I take off the
panel's all that pains is gonna be gone
Tom yeah what the hell was so I don't
know I just don't side now now good
while I was away in America there for a
better months we had a heat wave hey
Google turn the lights red so this lady
came okay what happened was these
adhesive sticky pads and you softened up
because the he's got so much thing began
to melt lost their stick and all of my
paw down ma'am
they fell in such a neat pile that's so
 convenience poor mother arrived
one day and thought I got robbed Oh came
in peeled oh you're so beautiful
imagine if it was actually a troll it
wasn't the heat when some dickhead just
broke it was like yes yes so this is
your beast of a shout though you've
usually does have sound pretty but he's
got his Beast a slight amazing mic sound
so this is this is the trick that
content creators do is we set up stuff
like if there's a bunch of rubbish and
dirty stuff we just moved out of the way
oh yeah look so in the background it
looks nice and clean but then to the
side you know this is actually not a bad
room the segment so when I'm streaming I
set up this here because that's all of
this oh the company go and sit up oh
wait so you don't see none of this part
of the wall you just see the one bit
that's on it
yeah oh he's pretty good if we could
have for the rest of the soundproofing
so this is the dopest sell them bro man
what you rocking right now what's this
this is the game peas not razor not
supposed by response by those I can't
show this what what's your cell phone
let's go laughs you got so this is at
the gaming PC rocking a 1080 TI Strix a
sous graphics card super-powerful 16
just give me five minutes just to follow
the cable because these cables that big
from your screen so I computer goes from
screen there to computer there watch how
far away is goes you ready and
dudududududud to the dirt to turn so
that is the view is there all the way to
that ain't so it's ma I've never seen it
that far away before these things get
warm when there's no I get it I get it
Brian it's why two PC's streaming PC
yeah I'm gonna let myself out right this
one just does the streaming recorded and
this one plays the game so this one's
training itself doing one job that's
ones training itself doing the other job
rather than both doing the same thing
how much is your lecture you see bill oh
why do you have this so whenever I'm
when you actually camera yeah so
whenever I'm chillin I don't be this
professional yeah I showed them to set
up they get a nice look at office so
like this is like an awesome view so
like it's a view an afk you can just
leave them watching them yes so I wait
load this up on the big screen
whoa look it up so this is a
professional cell I want to get the one
set up in my basement don't like this so
I can have like a a wide overview shot
of the entire thing so that would mean
Kyle playing for that and stuff you can
see you like this
where'd you get that from Brian
terrorize DeMarco oh go look at the
description I'll give you the ugly shell
but I I'm so damn happy right now
don't write go away oh this is City six
I'll get that sliver Alice goes all the
circles and sales money I don't think
you're supposed to read my mind
I'm so I love streaming them isn't the
streaming like the most fun thing yes
right this is why I love streaming I
know some people like you posting
gameplay musi streaming up to it's like
listen the streaming content is like
usually 10 times better than what an
actual recording piece of content is
like set like sit down record stream
content is so much better because you
can do things like this let me just show
you so this is Brian's like professional
set up ignore this this really doesn't
mind but like he's got the professional
Meyer the camera the other camera is got
this camera up here but when someone
donates to me right it just on mine it
just goes ding and then it pops up and
then it's like you know someone donate
some subscribe to someone
Brian had someone do his check what
happens when someone like does something
in his stream like look out professional
is that's so sick whoa no oh my god I
felt like a lion people thing is it
actually shows what kind of tier so the
golden Wow killed it after the game at
first force you're the man you're Dutch
you're an absolute legend always wizards
bro you're putting me to shame I'm chill
for them absolutely dude wait until
Black Ops what comes out my extreme
things will be better news happy
competition damage let's do Bryan's
loading intros first like loading but
it's plain his clips in the background
you really ugly affectionate and it's so
nice in it when you can be so proud of
like your crap
Oh sick is that that's a well good
drawback question so I highly sound
complaints a gun and really most recent
one
it was once and once ago why we
addressed as Harry Potter cuz they
wanted me to play this song but wait why
did you help us play I went to Harry
Potter world in Universal Studios sorry
why I said he was coming all the way to
Island for like twelve I was so Brian
was out shopping it was like okay and
I'll just go out and get one of these
them I got no you can't use the medicine
Tiki Bowl because that that's too
complicated for a purse tonight dude so
I got ups for foe with for night and I
got you some extra V box and I'm going
to say that jacksepticeye's house hey
why do seem a little island no fake fake
news a fake potato we're gonna set up
and play then dude I've got to be at the
airport in what do we say seven six
hours yeah six hours I got me there
you'll be fine
you're flying to American
before to America sleep on the plane I
feel like a kid for playing games your
sleeve this my house my rules
yeah yeah that's what yeah like as a kid
my house my realty and after you saw
that clip I immediately regret it well
actually to be fair I regret absolutely
nothing we played fallen out for like
maybe two hours or something like that
and it's now 518 in the morning I have
to leave in an hour and 20 minutes to
get to the airport to then get my next
flight but oh why could this be it's 20
minutes sleep until I have to get up for
my flight the flight is like eight hours
and I'm gonna be able to sleep on a
plane but oh my god I'm absolutely
exhausted I'm absolutely exhausted but
I'm just really happy I managed to get
yesterday's vlog out before midnight
that honestly made me so happy I'm
really sorry it was like you know what
you know what it's like I try and get my
vlogs ended every single day but by 6
p.m.
ish I just never seem to get it by 6
p.m. on the die just doesn't work I just
get either lazy or like comfortable
thinking I'll be able to get it rendered
so quick and uploaded so quick and all
this this this and than that so your
body stayed up till 20 plus 5 rather
than going to bed like an hour and a
half ago as some like that I'm feeling
more rested for the day I've stayed up
I've edited the vlog and I'm getting it
uploaded for you so if you're watching
this video right now
I stayed up got the video edited got the
video uploaded for you faces as my way
of crawling back she's being like I'm
sorry for yesterday's being late I love
you I tried to make it not happen again
however this weekend I'm going on a bit
of like booze cruise all things so all I
can say is I'm sorry
now try my best to go through this video
and remove any spoilers of what I'm up
to because I know it's nice for you guys
to kind of know what I'm up to and what
I'm doing and what the plan is but one
of my favorite things about watching
content is being like that element of
surprise of like what's next what's
gonna happen so it is a surprise I'm
gonna try and keep it under wraps you
may find out about it and if you do or I
accidentally set it somewhere don't
spoil it feel free to take guesses but
don't make it too obvious that you just
know but nonetheless you guys will find
out tomorrow what I'm up to depending on
whether or not I make the flight so wish
me luck if you are new around it make
sure you click that subscribe button
ding dong that notification Bell
you'll never miss a video you want to
leave a light grating smack it with your
face that may hurt so I recommend not
doing that give it a gentle tap with
your finger or with your mouse button I
don't see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next day or vlog as always don't
forget to follow me on Twitter at Pro
syndicate it's the best place to be
updated as to where the vlog is when I'm
live-streaming when the next gaming
video is anything so make sure you
follow to a pro syndicate the links down
below you'll see it and it's like now
follow me and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for the next day blog so much love to
your face is a massive thank you to
Brian I'll put your twit shell down
below if you want go check you out each
stream is an absolute crap so he's super
funny dude and you can tell the quality
enough that he puts into it is so damn
high so if you won't go give him a fall
is like a be down below
oh I'm sure some lover when he's next
streaming tell him Tom sent yes I'm
gonna go I'm gonna get this rendered I'm
gonna hopefully maybe get half an hour's
sleep and then I'm gonna go to the
airport I love you I'll leave you this
house Oh
