aware that there is a laundrette in the
village we live in right and it's not my
house
it's literally next to your wives office
okay sir bye now
welcome to another day where cast in
Reverse sign my house - he's laundry so
it's a new dawn it's a new day but more
importantly it's a Monday and because
it's on Monday it's a fresh week we
can't get enough of it we've got to get
shit done
wanna play all night yeah it's a good
morning - fishes Scotch pancake for
breakfast and I'm paying my first ever
internet bill to my superfast internet
eight thousand two hundred pounds oh hey
I tell you something as much I love a
virgin Internet they made me regret
every single move I bid to pay that bill
you know what it's like a band-aid you
just want to rip it off and get it done
I was on the phone for 23 minutes paying
that bill then every minute that went by
I was like oh my god this is a lot of
money I can what is he doing having my
house Act I've been spotted boys I've
been made he literally is fattening you
have no neck even though you've been
pooing and Sikkim you know that you've
lost no weight you fat bastard took it
flip flop foot for good luck okay wow
that's a lot of orders are listed that
subset of code Damond work there huh
it's kind of awkward that we only have
one cat back at the moment but but if
you buy a sticker you can put a sticker
over Luna and then never see her I don't
just see Gadsby but I'm signing in a few
of these so if you get one it may be
signed may not be like bouncing oh if
you buy one behind I just got told
mm-hmm
making this up now you ready she's gonna
hate me Alice anyone who orders within
the next 24 hours anyone who orders
within this next period of 24 hours
we're gonna pick one person to win
Odie an extra t-shirt a poster and a
wristband you go pick someone to run him
okay
I don't you film eclipse tomorrow let me
know anyone okay boom and if you didn't
know there's still apparently when this
is live there's still a 10% discount
code for cynic original everything
we'll be temp sent off if you use the
code and if you want to know what the
code is you have to go to the minecraft
for your that voted the other day to
find out what it is so if you know you
know don't spoil it in the comments
otherwise I'll just remove your comment
but you want temp sent off and you know
you know Oh what's the Alice 15 pounds
and then if they use a temp sent off
code they're even cheaper
Wow 13 pound 50 for a kids t-shirt man
if you're small you fit into one of
those god damn if you know you know I
know I know listen I don't ever suit a
normal tank top more I said I won't be
working on some new stops in the
conversion of a summer so I've always
liked these kind of vests and work on
some mock-ups we'll get you some tags on
it and print on it which designs should
report on a tank tank top a vest it's
not vest is it a vest top or a
sleeveless t-shirt what man's gonna
start to get a ton on these arms because
looking at farmers line okay look at
that barn is like overtime vet joking
I'm joking
thanks for sowing that out of your life
I've done so much thanks have I've okay
sweet good that office roof I would say
man's gonna go get a ton of what me and
Kylie's just gonna sit inside and pay
for that for us today and it blew its
MLK and Tommy okay it's time to look em
up don't you worry you'll calm down whoa
stay in the cat stick okay okay yeah
that was the whole point of getting
these cats is because I didn't want the
hair everywhere like their cat does but
their cat hairs manageable thick clumps
together whereas his just goes up
everywhere but we all need to thank Kyle
because you just stream you've got to
w.zahn fall right in it lads yeah ro
chill no brakes on to the key right come
on pretty straight right now you can see
Uncle Kyle driving okay cool alright so
we need to thank Carl because I can't
drive the Land Rover at the moment not
drunk or anything like that my mom's
just dealing with my insurance at the
moment so if like the next few hours I
can't drive it Cal is coming clutched
and driving me to the vets with god
speed so just make you get get a final
checkup
he's eating he's period he's not like
throwing up or anything at the moment so
I think Gadsby's okay so we're all gonna
hood so thank you cow if you wanna go
full car hopeful on Twitter Instagram
I'll put him down below I don't know
it's my wife in jail cool oh don't
follow coughs where's it cats okay
that's
I'm late again sorry about that but I
bring a cat which I think he's okay yeah
okay I brought Gadsby into the vet I
took him out the bag just so that that
could look at him
are you serious are you actually even
that's a joke brah whoever invented this
thing is a genius look at that
completely yawn Oh worth the weight in
gold we have to pound and so the basic
would cost gold but worth it oh my gosh
I'm so white right now Kyle look in the
sewer
I am your chosen one yo sabe if you like
a golden Scout coming out of a chest
thanks Uncle Joe oh why don't you just
be quiet you know you're not gonna get
out of it it's an impenetrable fortress
okay you're not getting out until you're
vulnerable so just chill your tips chill
yo cat titties those titty nips those
nipa tits those catnip titties titty
cart nips yeah no you told him I was
like a five-year-old like playground in
Seoul yeah yeah you pet we do not look
like gypsies I think we look fast don't
solve this mess we're about to release
this is a thing to wear in the summer
oh yeah I got the cat him out of it
you're the one limping around karl has
only got one ball the other is in my
sisters No
is it my sister's hand because she's got
a bot we've got you by the balls me you
will I love gammon I love gamma the
state that is a pretty weird-looking gum
at stake not sure if I should be buying
this idiot because the only cost one
pound 50 it's making me feel kind of
sketch to victory Orioles today we're
gonna get to victories on these scratch
cards
number that's mine that's Carl's fuck
there hi and welcome to willed me and
Carl be millionaires delivered under
there I first gave me as I've got fine I
tend to win I'm 15 didn't win all right
next bonus game got to find a 22 win
didn't win find a 50 to win
under 75 all right didn't win anything
what's this one find a pound symbol to
win found a ring found a necklace found
a piece of gold and finest champagne
gentlemen I don't mean anything but you
Rin sounding quiet and confident you got
five is that win find them enough women
face I'd say we're nothing yeah it's
wonderful
what's wrong with you what's wrong we
got final quit giving it large a lot of
f-words guys my gosh she got me top lip
a ah sing this papaya I've been sparked
by ginger chicken that was yet that was
truly like an hour in 10 minutes so we
pretty good that was pretty good that
was pretty goddamn good get me out of
here you get out of it you filthy animal
guess what I believe tonight while you
nothing tonight
ah you should just get the boss out
there cooler would be hmm
oh it's easier is for the record I love
my sister and Kyle's relationship thing
a great title never see that bro look
I'm still m2 Dimitri thank you very much
this being the first subscriber of the
night legend we just rolled a 1 1 5
giveaway and the winner was named salt
and pepper chicken
what right now on stream we run like a
785 sub train right I just rolled the
train so this is like how we give away
free t-shirt
oh my god it's Aaron zero one numbers in
your name great wall just would the
ruffle and this guy only just subscribed
like that second oh my god dude that is
mental 998 subscribers in a row on
switch oh my goodness me the chart is
going me 999 Rick's extensity just what
that I finally got ha ha ha one thousand
three
oh my goodness me everyone sale and
support every single person in it right
now
sailors have like 1000
sub train a shout out to all these
people have just pushed it to a thousand
sub train and you may have seen in a
previous one what does this mean what
does this mean this B's robots they were
the biggest city original giveaways
you've ever seen episode Abril nearly
eleven thousand people in your water
clock in the morning what the hell
that's actually a thing 1,100 oh my god
oh my god I'm more hype than you guys
I'll tell you that right now
three two one the winner of a poster a
respond a snapback
a t-shirt Idaho D is boom are you
serious ah this person has been
supporting me for so damn long but are
you even serious the winners name is a
wrecked penguin nipples wrecked penguin
a cat a penguin the winner of the
ultimate giveaway is erect penguin
nipples seriously are you actually
sitting right now guys 1270 subscribers
oh my god and I have to shout out Henry
J bTW on runescape this guy's just
hooked me up with some items I haven't
won in this entire game that's I can't
thank you it off this guy's look oh my
god massive shards are these too holy
for the train subscribers ended at
twelve hundred and ninety which was
insane and here we go all those
gentlemen are you ready for it
open your chest in three two one boom
worth a whopping three thousand coins
Wow
a bucket helmet and just like that I've
ended the stream I don't know if you can
hear this in the background but there's
a cat absolutely meowing let me see if I
can open this door and you hear it can
you hear that
why are you meowing oh I could hear even
with headphones on a cat just meowing a
meowing meowing and meowing meowing 22:6
in the morning
finally finally then with a live stream
one epic night can you hear this cat's
beat Jesus me
bro what are you doing you smells in it
I'm really open you just don't apparent
you've not paid on the better somewhat
up what are you whining get you
attention seeking that oh my lord
you've eaten your food you've taken a
poo I think I'm a little but do you want
it with some attention I like I always
try to turn off the camera
don't say it don't say it little cutie
if she goes away again you're more than
welcome to stay at my house even though
you're annoying little booger all you do
is whine and whine and whine why don't
why don't why don't one you just put
hair everywhere like a bastard and poo
and pee everywhere
welcome show me some love
well was it love come on
is that your way of showing me love
that's it I get a head rub on my arm
Wow so much love cat well appreciate
that thanks for nothing you kiss what
it's just a goodbye goodbye kitty mom
cooties off kitty little ball of I don't
know the words okay see me I'm sorry
here edit in the blog about how the cats
lap yeah meow meow meow meow
I'm sorry reading it I've got my
headphones on and all I can hear is the
cat meowing and that could tell you why
is me out and I could tell you eyes
meowing is because I was just on the
phone with Lydia because she's flying
back from Greece today so the cats gonna
be going back and when she rang me
yesterday to see how the cats were doing
that's when he started meowing so I
think he knows that his mom was gonna be
like home and he's gonna be going home
so he's like oh my god
freighter if you were watching the live
stream yesterday we had an incredible
stream to anyone who was in there it was
like 3 o'clock him on it and we had like
13,000 300 people in there
it was absolutely next-level insanity I
live streamed to a total of 121 thousand
people before but the hype was just so
real with this amount of it like this
amount of people I thought I don't know
why it was so like much better and so
much more like like personal but I think
it's because the audience what the
vlogging of Light
moved over to you know watching some of
my game and in my stream and stuff like
that and I feel like it's just a really
personal like community and I've always
said that about this channel like it's a
real community vibe like a family and
when we're all on Twitch like now that
I've finally fixed that saying I can't
believe for the longest time I had it
set up and when I was like hey guys I'm
streaming come watch if you came to come
watch me try to talk you won't I'll have
to talk for a month if you just click
follow for the first time I had no idea
but now I've changed it so like once you
gonna make it switch calculate the fall
bottle and talk in the chat I can see
what you say and after ten minutes is to
stop spam and stuff like that but oh my
goodness I can't believe that cuz all
this time I was like you know there's
quite a few thousand people it's not
really a lot of people talking that's
all changed now yesterday it was just
really flooded the chat it was so cool
though exact it's like speed to everyone
just get everyone's reactions and still
so if you guys are looking for the next
episode of the minecraft voyage to the
deep or voyage of the deep named it
there'll be coming out soon maybe not
tonight but maybe tomorrow I've got to
try and get a new video of today I
really don't wanna get into thing where
it's like I just post minecraft
minecraft' minecraft I know I kind of do
zombie zombie zombies but I'm really
building up light to the hype for black
ops 4 and I'm looking forward to that
but I may have a special omegle video
and you might be like Omega um eagle
it's like the website where you like
bump into random strangers and stuff
like that but I did that the other night
and I had really really I had a lot of
fun on there it was really really random
bumps into a lot of different people I
got a load of random funny clips so I'm
gonna try and edit it together see if I
can make a video out of what I've got it
gets a bit emotional to be quite honest
and it's quite it's quite awesome but if
that does come out tonight keep your
eyes peeled if you don't subscribe to
the main show go and subscribe to it but
there may be an Omega video tonight and
then tomorrow next minecraft episode so
guys if you've watched this video thank
you very much for watching you know you
could do anything with your time and you
chose to spend the time watching a day
in the life of Tom so I appreciate you a
lot make sure you leave a like rating
click that subscribe button ding dong
that notification Bell make sure you
follow me on Twitch so the link will be
down below that way you'll never miss a
live stream and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. - for the next daily
vlog so until then
much love to your faces I saw Dios and
don't forget tempter sent off using the
code Dimond he's only working for a few
more hours if you want to get yourself
some discount on syndicate original I
think of down description use the code
save yourself some dollar holla
till then say us
