it's someone's knocking at my door
yeah it's my phone I get it bro
oh my good man I have only just woke up
its half to it in the afternoon what's
all about bro one dead inside alarm and
I woke up at half two in the afternoon
like three that makes no sense
story time with Tom these are big oak
doors right death Oh doors right and
because of what's going on this room
with life the washing machine the dryer
the boil is noise this door shrank so in
the actual doorframe it wouldn't shoot
probably some more dad's put an extended
piece on it he's gonna refit the door
handle I've never heard of a shrinking
door haircut good old boys look at that
dice is short dice and trim hey they
blazing music and vaping outside my
defender yeah I don't have to show you
so much I've actually caught my ass
defender adjunctive my defender and I
want to jump into like my chair like to
go somewhere quick and the watch on the
door ripped my ass other realize I have
the hold of boxes may I've never put my
house on camera before but oh oh no I
have a hold it but where can I get
another table I'll ice why are you
wearing terrorizes t-shirt where can I
get a t-shirt from always seriously this
is like my all-time favorite design as
well
I think this is my favorite shit
overdone seriously Evan you're outdid
yourself for this one bro the long
sleeve the long this is the first fungus
thing who's ever doing the first of a
long stick look at that look it up hold
it by a brand new oh yeah just like that
fixed okay mom put a sticker on my ass
come to help me why you just do that you
sweet bash it admits she did she didn't
make me so just cuz we didn't get with
him for tonight does it take back the
fact that we are bros and I love you hey
look by the way look what we're both
wearing right now the only thing I'm
missing is believe you've lovelies but
okay yeah gone abandon me gonna have a
nice meal you family yes all right yes
all right don't worry about both my mom
see ya bud car cane rods place and
fortnight to the point where I had more
than enough time to edit my vlog my vlog
is now a whopping hour late because of
car so everyone blink out less Sun is
less sitting it's 8:30 at night and you
boys cooking in self a steak if someone
wants to tell me that this is bad what
I'm doing just constantly cooking up
stakes and please do cuz I'll stop doing
it but ever since I realized how easy it
is to cook a steak like three and a half
minutes each side putting some
vegetables which I'm eating right here
looking gorgeous which baby sweet corn
in it on to ignition I've got myself a
meal I don't know the real public asked
me about a fiber whereas you know like
eat in one of these cost you like maybe
30 P is similar which is obviously
ridiculously cheap but it's ridiculously
unhealthy so what do myself up a steak
dinner like this I think I'm doing good
y'all so ready for a weird fad a season
mistake with some of this I got some
pink Himalayan salt on that bye bye and
then put in a bit of sea salt black and
white pepper and then I've put a light
spring curse I sauce on it
what's the sort that isn't good with me
you've gotta have a flavoured seasoned
steak not sure how it's gonna turn out
the timer's done on one side let's go
for a 100 steak for Oh
Oh whatever sizzle mark going on there
got that crispy edge sweet book yeah
just like that
I got myself a steak some vegetables
some sauce Cuffy that's a team all right
randomly seasoned steak with a little
bit of soy sauce for one I have got a
sauce with it as well but I'm gonna try
it without the sauce first of all
whether or not the soy sauce is good
smells incredible I I'm not just saying
this because I cooked it but that's one
of the best flavored steaks I've ever
had lordy hell that is good
Wow a my food without really really
happy with that I've cooked it medium
medium-well No oh my god the juice it's
soft its flavorful oh my god that's a
win finally got my wife
it's like nearly 9 o'clock at night I've
literally been doing nothing apart from
playing for tonight cooking food I
uploaded it forgot to make it live
all-stars cooking my meal and it's just
gone live so sorry about yesterday and
so those who keep coming in like what's
going on with your finger if you didn't
see a few vlogs back basically bert
bert-- myself on some burning plastic
metal totally not playing with a
flamethrower or anything laptop and yes
I've got hiccups by the way so I'm sorry
I keep going but it's annoying I was
like I apologize I am sorry so I said
this just get this this addiction like
literally we sat there for two hours
Kyle had a meeting that it was supposed
to go to in with his mom that you run
late to and I was supposed to blow the
vlog and all we would do was sat there
playing for at night so all I'm going to
say right now to pay for the penalty of
it being late is given away on seizure
if you want to win one we're gonna give
away this one right here all you gotta
do is be following Carl on Twitter so
make sure you follow him for a civic
original and retweet this tweet if you
want to win the t-shirt this one right
here whenever you are in the world
retweet this make sure you're following
cow we're gonna check and I was gonna
pick a winner so it's not about that
till you hit that correctly if you guys
want to win a free t-shirt because
yesterday's vlog was like go and retweet
not one and tomorrow
Alice is gonna be picking a winner for a
free giveaway and so people asking no
we're not maybe giving away the t-shirt
Cal's actually wearing is in the sweaty
one as in a brand new t-shirt whatever
size wherever you are in the world will
ship it to you I've got a quick errand I
need to run something you'll get that
done real quick and then once it's
finished I'm gonna be streaming pretty
much all damn night I woke up at like 2
3 o'clock in the afternoon today so yeah
it's gonna be a late stream just saying
that right now so you've been one but
more importantly I know this is like a
really cellie out of thing you know
where people just like plug merch all
the time I don't know I do promote my
merchandise but can I just say this
right now i honest to god put my phone
down I think I'm with oh my god this is
such about it I'm trying to put you on
my defenders backlights okay stay there
I honestly think this is the nicest
design that we've ever done at syndicate
original like Evan you crush this body
it's amazing and all you ever want to do
is where I always wear like short
sleeves but we released a long sleeve
quads coat of arms dude absolutely love
this you've crushed it if you guys want
to get one syndicate regional calm I'll
put the link in the tweet but this thing
is so damn fresh I love it absolutely a
little bit absolutely killing the game
well done Evan hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog it basically ends now I'm
actually joking I say that because there
I'm diving straight in streaming and
when I stream you guys suffer but if
some cool shit happens on the stream I
will roll it in the vlog so a must-have
shout out to hawkwood platypus for being
the first subscriber of the day for
seven months in row and I wasn't I
wasn't gonna read the rest of all this
book vics subscribe for 52 months and
look at everyone everyone's like oh my
god log oh look at my cha they're all
bible-thumping they're all the but look
it bother I'll crying all the rips all
the emotion I'm not gonna tell you what
I just told my stream it's quite sad
it's quite emotional could be sad for
you guys but you don't know you don't
know if you were in the stream you'll
never know until August 19th look at the
chat I'm about to let everyone talk at
the chat so it's gonna go from all
freedoms to wait for it subscribers off
all the points are free they're all
showing freedom
wait let's see if I shot notices cha
I've done it I've done it where is it it
should know is the difference well if I
don't see like a viewer after all this
time everyone moaning you can play yes
Kyle I've activated window
you'll never see again oh my god I found
the code I've been streaming for nearly
eight hours
I've just finished playing runescape on
stream and all of a sudden I go over to
Russell stream and he's painting me look
how good that looks oh dude you are one
of the most talented man met man men
I've ever seen on this platform why oh
my god that is absolutely dope
why was it a healing what was I doing
wrong I got three of the tanks sort of a
bit of context here so what I was dude
in that game is runescape you can level
play skills and I know you might be like
I don't play video games but you're
Tommy you talking about what because I
love it so much I'm just gonna share a
passion you can level up your character
to get to a point where you can fight
this boss if you defeat this boss you
get a special cape you're right nope oh
but I can say so you can anyway so in
this game you can basically prove your
worth of how good of a player you are by
completing beat in that bus and you get
cape now the Kate's got like loads of
defense abilities that you're really
good but more than anything shows people
I can't defeat one of the biggest bosses
in the game which is awesome so I
managed to make it on my first ever
attempt to the final boss which took me
like half an hour maybe 45 minutes of
someone that got to the final boss I'm
halfway through getting killed and then
got absolutely demolished or everyone in
there it was there on switch supported
me ride my back and stuff I appreciate
it uploading thank you for lending me
the gear dude it was absolutely epic
this guy lent me like 1.3 billions worth
of items in that game which is a lot so
honestly thank you so much as somebody
who doesn't understand the game that's
like him lending me like a Ferrari to
try and win a car race so I really
appreciate it man I'm gonna try and get
it be he'll take me maybe a few more
attempts but nonetheless I had an epic
stream last night like I said I needed
up streaming for like eight hours I
played zombies I played some old school
runescape I chilled around Twitch for a
bit and then I finished it on fourtner
and got
for W but I'd love to show you the W but
unfortunately I wasn't recording so I
was about to like walk off and go get
off the stream and I just like I played
one game of foreigner and managed to get
myself a W but in tomorrow's vlog
you can't even playing a bit far tonight
so I'm gonna roll the clip in there if
we get a win but if not thank you very
much for watching guys
when we get when we get where we get a
win but thank you for watching guys I've
completely messed up my schedule with
like streaming and stuff like that but
and you know you know what it's like
when I get this passion back into
streaming I'm loving it and Mike last
night we had absolutely amazing yeah
exactly so if you guys haven't yet made
a twitch account go and make one cuz
then when I go live you'll get an email
notification you're letting you know if
you haven't downloaded the mobile app
even do that basil I get a text
notification but I stream it random
points throughout the day and I'm loving
you guys in there I've got it set up so
anyone can talk in the chat so it's like
a massive conversation you guys so she
won't ask a question or anything laughs
we could all just chat so thank you very
much for only tuned in last night it was
absolutely amazing I'm gonna love you
leave you I'll see you tomorrow for the
next day LaVon leave a like crane and I
saw Dee
