talk about rude awakening me
I've passed nine it's a pretty normal
time for most people that's not a normal
time for me bill every guy would not
stop ringing my bell ringing my bell
ringing my bell ringing my bell
hi mate I'm gonna pay you to go away oh
you care about the package bought it
happened to be crazy timing cuz my dad's
just turned up at the exact same time
and it collected the package right you
know what I hope I haven't just put it
in mine I've put it no yes
oh my god Activision sent me to college
in Zombie poster it's somehow been
through our packaging no that was not my
doing at all like it was inside that
inside ah it still writes defend but
they sent me a call of duty zombie
poster the voyage of despair oh there's
no even a no internation thank you for
accepting Ken appreciate that my friend
this thing is epic it's so so good I was
actually really disappointed that I
would be able to not get one I would
love to be signed by the zombies guys
were through at comic-con boy look at
this this is so doable zombies burning
look at that whoa it's unique I know
it's probably supposed to be like a
woman in a dress you know cause like
she's on the Titanic all classy but kind
of looks like a pirate
it looks like someone with a life jacket
on a sailor and jumping out the burning
building above I'm really happy that the
delivery man walking up at 9:30 in the
morning now if you're wondering why I'm
so upset about it being Ben this is I'm
that in love with zombies that this is
something that I would 100% frame but
what could the crease in it Wow you
wondering how I got the crease in the
back of it yeah the delivery people
clearly did not care about in this light
so just saying dad that when we shipped
when we shipped all the posters these
ones right here the 1996 nano posters no
one's came Ben no one's came creased you
know why cuz we send them in like super
tips solid tubes mm-hmm hey y'all we
care not that oxygen don't I'm just
saying that right now activation thank
you very much but okay I really
appreciate it but I will literally fly
out to LA trade that one for new one I
can come back and frame it Oh finally
doing it our way most people would just
put it up on the wall but not ken
professional affordable classy
how's your back calm calm calm calm calm
how to know when your dad's a builder if
you asked any other dad in the world to
put this up they just go yeah it looks
like the middle bang put it off my dad's
marked and out lied on the wall apart
from know I may have pencil marks on the
wall okay that's pretty sick right that
looks pretty good my dad looks pretty
good damn good hold on
good job your present yeah I got you a
present I got it you know it runs really
like it sorry it came like three hours
late what yeah there you go take into
over there again if you want to go and
get it there's stuff there for your
faces hey Jess law that we're done Matt
Garrett the guy who manages the place
but he's just like folks to bring it in
the other stuff apparently be sold out
of everything apart from that one random
t-shirt like families were coming down
to come and get the stuff I dropped off
so you want a little bit of random stuff
go and take a look these Pokemon cards
alarm clocks DVDs games all sorts so if
you want to donate to charity get it
done I quickly pulled up because I
wanted to go and see one of the
Manchester bees the gay-pride because
this is like Canal Street where I like
the bars are in sapphire and it's go
take a picture of it for loading only
and these guys have just got two parking
tickets for wait in there so as much as
I want to take a photo I'm not risking
it it's my kind of shop what is this
Harry Potter was oh yes this is a shop
called Oklahoma that walks
- it's very hipstery as you can tell by
whatever the hell that is relatable
cockfighting I have questions I got
something in my beard
I've got you one even better high five
it's just really creepy used to have one
of these they were the best thing ever I
would spend in a necessary amount of
money in this shop because it's filled
with ridiculously awesome stuff what is
this gardening grenades it decomposes
into plants hey I'd be driving around my
local villagers throwing grenades at
people's houses and in two weeks people
if I were there I won't wonder who boy I
would literally do anything for one of
these choices this has to be a football
is car number 16 the welcome to starters
okay these were individual chairs but
they're all like connected mate 10 grand
what is so special about this chair was
it dude
light weight unlock it light okay open
oh oh wait I'm using the wrong one
unlock light open oh it's got built-in
Massa Oh built-in oh that's nice oh
that's nice built-in cool whoa yo the
cool cools down you drink it's got a
sandal in there let's say something
that's actually really cold
Wow at 10,000 pounds cinema chair oh my
gosh this should be so nice down in my
basement pot for 10 grand oh thanks
I said I've just been trying my best to
look for a sofa for my basement
downstairs and I just began buying one a
thing is where my house is everything
that I've ever had in a furniture
anything has always taken forever to
find but I'm gonna find it it's perfect
I never want to change it I'm really
happy with it bought I just cannot get
my basement furnished I tried for I've
come into this shop so many times and
other shops and looks online I just
can't find what I want and what do I
want
I don't know I just want to see it and
go that's what I want I will say I
definitely like that that is mega cool -
hi dad don't phone with him the hunt
continues
I was looking for a mirror and I
couldn't find one not bad I've still got
it I managed to get his trying I'm not
too sure what's going on boys whether it
not exactly a fun man's gone and got the
good-good got myself some steaks for
some food okay and as a yesterday's vlog
toilet roll very much needed in all my
brain I know there's a lot of posters
but done whoa congratulate
way so we buck at the actual office now
yay this is my first ever car that's my
first ever motorbike and that's my first
at the pedal bike I've still got my very
first ones that I've always had and I
don't want to get rid of it I feel like
we need to I know it sounds silly but we
deck this one out as it is my first one
that makes sense and then hold on to it
like a collector's car but I don't
really know what you could do to just a
normal TT TT like 2.3 liter engine and
yeah it's a new shape and all that but
exactly a cuatro and it's not an RS Oh
something else I was gonna say is if
you've got important documents that you
need to get rid of best way to do it
and that ladies and gentlemen is how I
incinerate my paperwork no need to
recycle it'll just found its way into
the world as dust like that restaurant
in the night I could get a piece of
cucumber roll it in it and taste it and
apparently that would be just as good PS
it wasn't I don't know how this happened
but that paper definitely took that elf
I have been waiting so long to watch the
new Pacific Rim and I've just watched it
I rent it on Amazon and it's absolutely
a bag of I had to pop back to Tesco
man forgot his vegetables sound in the
wasteman That's not me
man's got veg hope to eat no no that was
my attempt at rapping exactly I would
take no wife I'm excited well my
supposed to new gaming zombie video
because you know what
just the mines that I have of like just
getting it done is one of the most
important mindsets for YouTube you might
like why now like when you cover a
certain topic or something like I say
for a night for example say if you're
like ali-a and something new comes out
and you're like oh do you need to make a
video on it and you're like well put it
off a link some food first I'll go do
this first
I'll go do that first and go to this
first no get it done
get your video done because if you're
not the first person on it then you miss
out on the hype if you're not the second
person oh you've definitely missed out
on the hype but more importantly the
hype is gone if you don't just get it
immediately don't because it's that
urgent that Roshan that ah feels so good
so Treyarch just dropped like a new
trailer for blackout and inside there's
some zombie information so I was like
boom on it finished Pacific Rim run
straight upstairs edited the video got
it posted and boy do I feel good about
it I'm gonna cook myself a steak give
ourselves some veg going and let's see
if my dad's fix this apparently all four
lights should work tada
oh wow can wow wow wow hold one welcome
to food with mr. soil it's called fry
light is powering the bathroom but it
leaves a bit of a weird light layer on
your steak not too fun on that but
apparently is healthy for yourself sweet
I'm gonna be seasoning my rib eye that
was a loud noise Costco salt my secret
tasty ingredient which is garlic a black
pepper grind it on and get that flavor
flav four pound 50 for one or two for
seven quid and these
the nicest ribeye steaks I've ever had
it's not even from England is from
Ireland so that good good Irish oh but I
might season my steak a bit too much but
I'd really like it in season well
because my boy Angela in America oh my
god he cooks together so mean our steaks
well he'll go through like an entire top
of this or part of this just to season
his state good which to me is obviously
too much I just did a few few turns but
oh my gosh you can't go wrong with a
good old season and then rub it in get
it in there we get to settle for five
minutes like it's soaked in it on the
grill all this mess like I'm done yeah
that's evidence I've been watching of
Ireland I'm sorry to disappoint you if
you didn't think I was watching it but
for some reason I got hooked into it
like the rest of the country did and I
thought it was a pile of turns but if
you're wondering Tom why are you
speaking with your hand over the map
it's simple you see this actually you
really can't see it that much on camera
but I have a plastic little thing over
my lip because I do indeed as my sleep
schedule as we mess it up I've not been
drinking enough water all that sort of
stuff I've run my body down by just
sitting inside streaming all day I've
got myself a cold soil I know it sucks
is awful I've always had them yeah haha
bring the Commerce of haha Tom's got
herpes Tom's got herpes it is correctly
indeed a type of herpes but it's type 2
not type 1 so and that's all you need to
know in life as long as you have the
type 2 of something I'm pretty sure
you're better off baby the way I know
it's on the plastic with all circle
thing on my lip for the next few days to
try and ease down the growth of it it
just sounds disgusting
no I'm sorted for this won't be late but
me and Carol would just set in for the
last two hours playing part night he
came round I had some stuff that he
needed to do we were playing for tonight
I should have got the ball get it but
instead we both got addicted yes I
should have streamed it I'm sorry I
didn't bought that leads me on to what
I'm doing now I'm gonna be streaming for
the rest of the night I can playing for
not even fighting zombies who knows what
else I'm gonna be played but I'm gonna
be streaming it all damn night and to be
honest I'd probably be streaming so like
3 o'clock in the morning so you guys
want to tune in CB stream so 3 o'clock
in morning like a description I'll just
go to twitch TV photo session occur
again to every single person who made a
twitch account to be able to talk in the
chat and was unable to do so because I
had it on follow up only mode for a
month I
sincerely sincerely apologize I had no
idea that setting was on I think twitch
made that thing not me so if you want to
go to twitch make a twitch account login
click that file put it on my account you
will be able to talk in chat I will be
let's talk to you guys and hopefully we
can get some giveaways going so thank
you very much for watching Monday I did
realize that it seemed very skipped all
over the place cuz I just forgot to vlog
like I forgot to vlog going like this
what I'm gonna do now oh hey we're gonna
go here and hey we're gonna go do that I
kind of just did it I don't whether I
like I said one really thought like well
just do it and see how it goes
but I really didn't like the way it
turned out I like the story of the day
like today we're gonna go do this and
now I'm gonna go do that now we're going
here I think it helps add a flow but so
I'm not gonna do a day like that again
snakes it was just a bit too like jump
off the put all over the place so I
won't do that again sorry about that I
just thought I'd try something a little
bit different but either way thank you
very much for watching guys I hope to
see you guys in somebody if you haven't
done so already make sure you get you
tickets code I 63 syndicate
get yourself some percent off and I'll
see you in the large treatment where
it's absolutely free to watch so much
love adios I'll see you guys there
