here we see a world can hmm I don't know
whether he's falling over in Canada or
para you okay oh nice bro wait state
don't move that bird just shot with its
ass hanging off the edge nearly ate my
dad look how close it was me that was a
big poo oh yeah proper nice and wet
splat may touch it Widow a few more
inches over and dad what about a
mouthful of assholes
Oh oh hi you very nice to see you you
know that I'm not YouTube guy called
Tommy films every day of his life
well before I did vlog you know I used
to make gaming videos on youtubes I
don't have a YouTube channel like nine
point nine million subscribers in
declining but apart from the downfall
I've made an absolutely epic brand-new
video I am inviting you guys to check
out it is a hundred and ten percent
inspired by mr. beast which is donating
money to twitch streamers but it's a
zombie edition so if you've ever liked
ecology zombies or anything like that or
high rounds or anything like that
I did a video donates a zombie streamers
to see if they would give up where they
were out whatever round they were on for
a little bit of cash if you guys want to
see what the outcome here was the look
could be down description again a
hundred and ten percent respect for mr.
beast like so many youtubers doing this
idea and don't like giving credit for it
but nonetheless there's been so much
love shown on this video like it's
absolutely ridiculous like 12000 like
ratings already on it it's just
absolutely insane to go check it out
I'll put a link down below and
nonetheless enjoy so this is gonna be a
bit random here because you give you
like Oh Tom don't do what your daily
vlog I don't like 10:00 a.m. right and I
went off to a school and I went to go
and do an enterprise day now I thought I
was only gonna be at this school for
like an hour doing the enterprise which
is where the kids set themselves off
different businesses some kids had like
ice cream stands because it was a super
sweet day it was super nice super
awesome it everything was just great and
I got invited along to be like a judge
like almost like Dragons Den to like
decide who was the best not to invest in
their companies or anything like that
but just to give them like advice and
just overlook what they were doing it
was the people doing that ice creams he
was people doing like cookie decorations
that you can feel like candy on it and
stuff ah who's penalty shootouts that
people absolutely love him they were
throwing like wet sponges at people and
he was all for like you know like 20p
here or 20 PB it was it was really
really awesome like the families came
all the rest of the school came and just
like what should enjoyed it but I was so
so happy to be invited to this like
experience so I was walking on a little
notepad being like oh yeah this is good
how much you charging for this 20p like
an ice cream it was like super super
adorable it was like 20p for an ice
cream their little toppings and stuff
like this and you know a peddle issue
out old 50p propel tissue okay awesome
I'm just taking down
notes to like take into consideration
how well they've done things and like
what they were working on and they use
their initiative you know that sauce
defeat was it was actually really really
awesome and before I knew it I wasn't
there for only an hour so I could film
the rest of my day or anything
I was definitely for hours now because I
was at school I couldn't film me being
at the actual school because it was all
the different years of the school kids
being around now I have permission to
film the school year that was actually
doing the enterprise day but there was
so many other kids around that I didn't
want to get any complications you know
like parents freaking out so he agreed
that I wasn't gonna film but because he
was for hours it took like my entire day
that's why did the enterprise thing I
came home and I worked on that zombie
video all night so unfortunately there
literally isn't anything else for my
days to show you okay now because I've
done absolutely nothing with my day it
sucks that I couldn't record the
enterprise thing and it really sucks up
because I did the enterprise thing
instead I couldn't then go me or Wes
cause he'd started work to do the
cooking thing so we'd have to put it off
for another day because I'd say I'm
doing it in tomorrow's vlog when
tomorrow vlog was busy because he's not
working that day he's got other plans
instead so it's like pushing back the
flamethrower meal again and again and
again and again and I feel terrible I do
feel really bad but I'm gonna pay the
price I am going to pay the price and
I'm saying that right now and you might
be like what's the penalty term what's
the penalty I'm gonna burn myself and no
it's not quick like there's a
flamethrower I'm gonna reload it with
some ammunition off your I'm gonna do it
oh yeah that's right ladies and
gentlemen the little LG Ising figure
that I got on top of my cake is what I'm
gonna burn down so it's not clickbait
because it's actually technically me but
in icing form so thank you once again to
LG for this bad boy
I don't know why it was on my birthday
all of a sudden a random guy walked up
with the cake it was like happy birthday
I was like who the hell are you
turns out LG knew it was my birthday
they sent me a birthday cake and this
little bad boy was sat on top of it I'm
not too sure what happened to his arm
but we'll just deal with it okay but
enough is enough I really think this one
through because I've placed this around
it to catch the icing when it melts but
I'm most likely gonna set all this on
fire
so yeah either way let's just get to it
okay so again this is a pretty simple
procedure a small child could do it but
again do not play with laying flowers
they're very dangerous piece of
equipment but I do is put my camera
stick in like this just knock it on down
you get the top section you plug it into
it and then just twist it on just do
first better and keep er going
here we it right we tightly sealed on
that's a win again this should be a
pretty simple thing all you gonna do is
turn the caster I can hear the gas going
through thank God I use that outside
anybody roof on fire it's that easy to
use a child could do it
that's why I managed to do it so because
I'm gonna concentrate on using said
flamethrower on said me I'm going to
need an assistant
please can I have camera woman please I
know it's so done for okay this is yours
don't not good record you're gonna bet
the problem there we never have much of
a chance today shameful what's the blue
roll doing so when the ice melts it kind
of contains it but I think it might sell
fire it's done yeah of course he'll sell
fire it paper just paper bricks and well
okay you any last words a little top the
credible job is just what song gets up
to you on a country road
I got this baka way uh I've just wasted
so much gas
ah
you're crazy
oh my gosh I like how we've all just
come inside and he's just out there
still it's okay little Tom it's okay
this might have to be my new series of
like getting the cake shop to make
youtubers and then just set them on fire
with a flamethrower
sounds like a great channel I did but
the reason why don't tell you about this
enterprise thing is because it was so
good and I would love to go into another
school and do it again because these
kids you'd think like alright there are
10 years old the dew net price daily
might make a little bit of money off the
rest of school you know if they're
coming in and like buying ice creams or
you know like orange juices and stuff
ice in penile tissue guys you might
think oh they make a little bit money
here a little bit money there they
absolutely but these kids absolutely
smashed it some of the initiative they
had was absolutely insane some of the
stands I'd like you know cookies with
like chocolate toppings and all that
sort of stuff and it was a super sunny
day and the chocolate was Mel in and
then we're getting upset about it cuz he
couldn't use something like the product
on there like cookies everything like
that and then it came through another
stand he were doing a tomboy and you
might Blair oh great they were just dude
it's a bowler but these kids were giving
away chocolate for the winning prizes on
the tombola and they used through guard
down brains and you know they did they
went and got ice packs and put the
chocolate in the ice packs to keep them
cool so that they could keep the prizes
and keep the businesses going now this
wasn't a teacher advising them to do
this these were just ten year old kids
using their brains to create a business
and make something successful for the
day and they absolutely smashed it some
kids you were selling like apple juices
and cardial and stuff like that they
managed to make like say you know twelve
pounds of something for other day there
was other teams that made like you know
throw in sponges and they managed to be
like 25 pounds for the day which in
itself is ABS
we crazy but the tombola kids who I have
to say this right now they won the
enterprise day the initiative amusing
the ice packs is absolutely incredible
the actual tumble in itself they were
the busiest one they didn't run out of
any product we just did such a good job
it was so inspiring to see like the next
generation just being like such hustlers
and I had so much respect for them oh
and by the way you know I'm saying this
was my new iPad well this is just a
wireless charger so I'm just gonna put
us down but it was absolutely incredible
and these guys made like I think 49
pounds for nine pounds from a tombola a
children's primary school on enterprise
day and they won hands down but one of
the most impressive things as well from
the day was the fact that day nearly
made 50 pound for tombola the kids doing
the penile tissue out and these are ten
year olds no advice from teachers
running like to set it up they managed
to do a penile tissue out where the
prize was you won a one P penny too
sweet that was it they were the busiest
line all day and they managed to make 79
pounds 79 pounds from a children's
enterprise day this is like a school
fair where you know no one spends a lot
of money at school fair anything like
that yet these kids manage to make 79
pounds it was the busiest an if I could
have filmed the honest that it would
have been like so inspiring to so many
people at every Park you went to on a
hot summer's day you would see people
setting up nets allowing Palin issue
outs for a 50 P to winner one penny to
nearly every kid who went to that school
wanted to go on that game and they
absolutely raked it in but the reason
why they didn't when the enterprise day
if they won the most money was simply
because the maximum they were only
allowed to charge was 20 P so you know
the kids in the school who could come
here 20 be here 20 be there 24 there and
if it was like anything more than they
wouldn't be able to run like mortal ones
but the hustler inside these kids they
charged 50 P ago and just absolutely
raked in so they took money away from
the competition which you could say is
an enterprise is a business but the
rules were the rules so we had to
counter stick to its unfortunately you
could say in a sense they were
disqualified but it was a really good
idea it was really simple and the
absolutely smashed if bought other kids
who were doing the the tombola they also
had a water balloon section like rather
than just doing one business they made
two businesses a tombola and be enough
to throw a water balloon at someone for
like 20 P and they were raking it in off
that as well honestly mine boy and I'm
so inspired just to say that if you are
out there in the world
you are younger your school high school
anything like that it may be pretty
controversial to say like go out there
and hustle because I go to school every
single day we before it bothers a
lucozade in my backpack I'd be carrying
a crate of lucozade and I would go into
school every single day and absolutely
sell out before like lunchtime I would
go to a whole sale at Costco and buy
them for 23 people and then I'd go to
school and sell them for 70 P probably
could've got away be selling him for a
pound what the thing was I didn't need
to charge that much more I made so much
money that if you check out this clip
now so guys here's my game so hope you
like it okay so here we are rockin boy
two inch plasma Samsung it's really nice
nice full HD okay guys so here I'm
rockin D I think Xbox wheat Xbox which
is pretty sexy nice and shiny
here is my laptop there my statistics
guys I have amazing amount of
subscribers all that stuff there the
Xbox is the Playstations the television
I managed to afford all of that through
selling lucozade to high school I
usually get pulled out of class by the
front desk staff to be like Tom some
teacher need you you need to go to their
room right now and I'd go to room
bailout oh my god what I don't if I
forgot the homework and I got detention
like what the hell is going on I'd get
there and be like yo Tom if you got any
Lucas AIDS I buy one I'm like what so it
literally had like a full business going
everyone knew about ends to find that
and it was frowned upon you weren't
really supposed to do it but at the same
time I don't understand why yeah I don't
think this should be going out and
encouraging it otherwise everyone be
selling stuff to school you know could
be filled with unhealthy snacks and all
that sort of stuff yeah I get it because
it isn't exactly the best for you but at
the end of the day if they ride one they
just bring one in to school with them
and just drink it at lunchtime or is if
it didn't I'd be there supply-demand
and it was epic and some people would
get in trouble for it and get all their
stuff confiscated but I saw that of my
stuff so quick that I used to bring it
even more stocked and just sell it out
anyway no matter how many I brought it I
always sold out that when the teachers
did like come to me black are you
selling stuff at school I'd be like yeah
it'd be like hand it over and obliged to
it sorry hun so as much as this I'm
hoping isn't gonna cause drama if you
ever want to get your horse so on and
earn yourself a bit of extra cash keep
it on the down low do it do it smart do
it right and you can learn a lot of
business girls from just going into your
school supply and around and selling
something to make it all better cash it
may work out for you it may not do be
smart about it don't be stupid don't
take the piss out your teachers if they
really tell you not to do it then try
and have a conversation with them if
they tell you like it's done it's just
did you're never doing it then listen to
what they have to say but if they're
cool about it they understand like
you're a little entrepreneur you've got
your hustle on then get it done get
someone in your back
and you're absolutely Smasher so that
was my little story about what I
actually did today share the teamwork
wait if you nearly set all the posters
out yeah but I wait for people wondering
where you're down I six foot nine
posters are we're getting them all sign
everything so rather than sending smile
and people be that's not fair I've not
got mine i order my like within one
minute of the moon on the website we're
sending them all out at the exact same
time so should all get them at the same
time so here a lot of posters out door
we've got all these ones what we're
working on and as you can tell we've
moved the office to my house just to the
time beam because I'll run out of space
and she dinner oh no sure about space
she ran out of internet so welcome Alice
to the office
hi I'm aware that this isn't the
long-sleeve version of it bought this is
the coat of arms sure guys you've got
back on sale you won't get a long-sleeve
version of it which you can see me
wearing
I liked the link medellín description
silky original comm make sure you get
one support the fun your basic you
basically keep it you basically keep it
Alice in a job and this is Lara our new
employee hey Laura she hates her job
she's like the boss just keeps walking
around with flamethrowers so after that
guy but yeah guys honestly if you want
to get one really appreciate you support
like the family not like like not even
in a oh yeah like the fam you right so
yeah cuz it's my mum and my sister's job
to run the clothing line so if you've
ever got anything else in original would
appreciate so much if you do end up
getting the clothing or anything that
tweet is a picture of it I always like
thanking people for like supporting the
clothing line and stuff so if you did I
appreciate so much I love you I'm gonna
have to actually do the end today's vlog
I know it was a short one bought a I
thought it was a quite a like a funny
thing you know just burning miniature
Tom I did not expect it to turn out that
epic luckily I bought another gas
canister so it was just like fresh epic
flame to burn him with so that works out
at read and to Elon Musk I just need to
thank you yet again for creating one of
the most amazing products of all time
and for everyone being like is it legal
is it illegal I'm pretty sure hmmm
it is legal simply because the flame
could only go a certain amount and it's
not throwing the flame like you know
it's not throwing like fuel fold it's
just burning a continuous flame so I
think it's like a legal loophole to have
a glorified light or something like that
but yet don't play with fire you see
that blister on my finger Calbert the
board the other day
plastic dripped down onto my finger when
I tried to move
and hurt myself so technically wasn't my
fault it was Kyle's but either either
way guys I have something epic coming up
by the way oh my god please forgot to
tell you guys I got a message of Alfie
deyes saying yo what are you up to are
you in the UK are you free on Wednesday
I was like first of all I'm in the UK
second of all I'm free on Wednesday
Alfie is inviting me on a super-secret
adventure going down Wednesday so you
guys will see it Thursday and when I see
I say super secret adventure I've got a
little bit of goosebumps actually
thinking about seriously like goosebumps
thinking about it I'm gonna go down to
London and I'm gonna be doing something
with the day for him I'm gonna vlog it
show you guys it's gonna be absolutely
epically scary
apparently I think so I don't really
know how to respond to that but I'm
really looking forward to it and if you
guys are excited for it make sure you
subscribed
turn on your notifications share with
your friends you guys are fun of Alfie
than your absolutely love the video that
we're gonna do because the dope-ass idea
I hope it all pans out there well but
it's gonna be absolutely epic so as long
as everything goes smoothly as long as I
wake up get down to London on time on
Wednesday me up with Alfie everything
should go ahead as creepily planned
again thank you so much for watching
guys leave a like rating subscribe I'll
see you tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish for the
next daily vlog and until then much love
and a setting us
oh by the way I hope you guys are
enjoying the new outro it's got a little
bit of a new song on there from rinks
I'm more importantly if you don't got
your tickets for insomnia link will be
down below and not just even that check
out the discount code
