well wake it up today as a man on a
mission it's been like five days since
I've received the one and only
flamethrower off illegal reasons I
should say not a flamethrower it's
actually technically not but it throws
flames slightly so no more messing
around today would take in this to go
and get a gas canister for it get the
gas for the flame thrower
I need this documentation not because it
gives me like permission to get gas
canisters for a non flamethrower because
it has the 10-pound attached that Elon
Musk himself sent no joke if you're only
just tuning in right now and you only
just found out I don't have a
flamethrower mmm they sent this letter
along with it because they couldn't ship
the gas canisters like overseas so
instead they sent you ten pounds it said
go buy one yourself
so it says common brands include birds
atomic worthington Rother burger and go
system so I'm gonna try and go to a shop
in the UK we have called B and Q and we
ought to being cute I'm gonna try and
see if they have a gas canister there
and I'm gonna walk in the shop with the
flamethrower upside down backwards in
the hopes that they're not like this
guy's got a flamethrower I'm like no
don't worry it's not flamethrower it's a
thrower of fire not flames oh yeah and
you may be noticing that a cute wearing
my hat like this the past couple of days
I usually don't sue a house but you know
what I'm just saying I think this is
original ones pretty good link in the
description but more importantly I lost
my hair gel not too sure it is so I've
been wearing a cap backwards this entire
time so hopefully whilst route we can
get some new hair gel and it'd be nice
to find out where my car keys are
because can't leave without just another
day in the life of Tom loading in my non
flamethrower to my defendant Amy before
I get pulled by the police they ask me
I've got a flamethrower in the back of
my car and then have to be like well
trying to get to know the flamethrower
it throws a flame but it's not
flamethrower and then I'll put in of
getting arrested so wish me luck
I have a tire to show you I feel like
you'd appreciate this time more than
anyone I was thinking about doing it to
my house actually how cool-looking is
that I like how you just put down a
broom and picked up a flamethrower
a man with multi-purpose if this one guy
I've grown up with my entire life loving
guns and all sorts of cool gadgets it's
me and him I used to make guns out of
pieces of wood and pipe we used to like
tape light is together didn't we and try
make fire bombs don't do that yeah there
now have a real one
it's actually technically not a
flamethrower in case I get pulled over
by the police it's not a flamethrower
it's a thrower of a flame thank you no
we're not do drink out of it I'm gonna
find a gas canister then we're gonna
burn down the building be right back
oh yeah oh yeah great parking there make
great parking all right let's not try
and freak people out by walking inside
with this but I quite literally have to
take it inside to be able to fit the gas
canister so I'm gonna hold it under my
arm like this you have made it to my
destination B&Q I don't actually know
what B and Q stands for after all these
years I actually don't allow them so
either way time to gas up this non flame
for I don't really know where to begin
with the this investigation so I'm just
gonna ask a member of staff hi where can
i buy gas
okay I owe for plumbing
I'm not too sure that there's gas
canisters on aisle four mmm nonchalantly
walks with being key with the
flamethrowers oh sweet I think I might
have found the right canister
okay this gas is actually what they
actually recommend for using for this
thing but I don't know to get this one
off to get that one mmm also the member
of staff was like I'm gonna laugh that's
pretty cool and from videos I've seen of
other people the gas runs out really
really quick so whew okay that's quite
funny which gas would you like it's got
all these fittings all these or
everything and I don't see this on here
anywhere it's gonna win taking these two
what's the worst that could happen the
guy who made Tesla is a rich billionaire
was like I'm gonna close it solemn
successful shop was successful I'm
saying that but I don't even know if
this is the right gas yet so I guess
we'll soon find out I got a coffee today
it's a latte hmm but with coconut milk
cuz apparently that's better for you so
taste like the most watered-down coffee
I've ever had in my life but oh no there
it is there's the coconut aftertaste but
care about no caffeine which care about
flamethrowers and gasoline oh yeah
now if there's ever been anything in my
entire life that you're supposed to go
Tom read the instructions first it would
be setting this up but to be fair I
think all I've got to do is put this
into there take this cap off put this
into the back end yep okay now I'll
believe I've got to do is turn this oh
yeah I heard the gas go in pull the
trigger and the oh my
oh my god that's the most epic thing
I've ever done in my life don't you like
that I didn't even have to read the
instruction all you do is plug it in
turn the gas so it's flowing I think so
it's spray now
for safety purposes this is not
flamethrower
that was worth every penny I spent on it
so Tom what are you gonna use your
flamethrower on now tomorrow I'm gonna
go down to Wes's at the restaurant I'm
gonna try and cook me over the
flamethrower so tomorrow's vlog make
sure you subscribe turn on your
notifications leave a like rating we're
gonna be cooking food with that thing
but for today you guys know that
whenever I get like an air rifle or a
weapon with spikes on it or something
I throw it a particular thing now just
to put this out right now this is my
mountain biking downhill Idol that my
dad managed to get this statuette of him
or whatever like it's a cutout of him
but I just use him for target practice
so ladies and gentlemen this is Steve
peat is an amazing guy is actually
incredibly talented at mountain biking
is about is the best but he's my target
practice and he's also the only target
that I have so let's try and see what a
flamethrower will do to Steven Pete I
don't even know if Steve peat knows that
are thrown shuriken xur him fight air
rifles at him you know all of your books
I don't think ever in his life when he
got that creative for whatever stand it
was that someone would be using not a
flamethrower at it Steve versus
flamethrower okay turn it on I like how
it actually has a direction of honor off
instant first singe let's take a look
made sure the gas is turned off nice and
safely and let's take a look at Steve
all right Steve um well it looks like
he's got boxes is he turned into like
cauliflower ears let me just put that
out real quick he's grown a few warts on
his chin that looks really really
disgusting time to conduct Steve peat
versus flamethrower not flamethrower
take two
okay okay okay okay
for the plastic smell it probably should
wear a gas mask timidness you know full
safety and all huh it's a flavor it's
not playing promise no matter the boring
company flamethrower versus Steve peat
successful test - oh my gosh he's grown
Wells he's legitimately grown welts he
should probably go get this checked out
he's got a few little watts of such down
in his nether regions he's taking a
beating to be fair he's taken a
legitimate beating oh no I have leaves
around my house
I feel completed in life I feel
absolutely complete in life and you
better know I'm gonna get this mounted
on my wall like a Call of Duty Zambian
I'm gonna get it stenciled in to the
wall like a sick-out line on it so I can
just hook it onto the wall and it just
sits there because that is the coolest
thing in the goddamn world and then is
your boy better know I've been posted on
the gaming channel again I posted a
video yesterday I've give it away a
mystery box edition so if you want to
get hands more then link to the
description and then I posted a reaction
to a zombies Easter egg song which I did
not know existed which was the entire
zombie community coming together
including Noah Jay doing a rap called
it's killing time bro based on the Jay
Paul song so to the people asking me
tell me you're gonna get back posting
gaming videos zombie videos and all that
sort of stuff and gentleman I am back I
am posting I've come three videos this
week alone and I've got a pretty epic on
going up tonight and I'm just gonna give
you a spoiler right now you see I like
mr. B star that trend of like donating
to twitch streamers and stuff like that
and I see like Simon's donut rice comes
doing it all these people are all
copying the idea I decided to take the
inspiration of mr. beast and donate to a
certain type of streamer to see if they
would give up their passion for the cash
so you don't have to find out what that
is
today I'm gonna try and get it uploaded
tonight so if you're watching this right
now on life of Tom if you go to the
gaming channel youtube.com forward slash
syndicate I've posted a pretty
interesting video for you that they
panned out the most random way probably
because I was filming at like 3 o'clock
in the morning and I went to bed at like
5 a.m. but I think it's a pretty dope
video so I hope you guys enjoy it I'll
put a link down in description to that
when it comes out but I do indeed need
to end this vlog I know you might blow
it wait a minute tom you only just got
up when I've got a flame throw and fired
it but that's literally all I did all
day seriously gotta use the flamethrower
made videos all day and went to bed so I
hope you'd enjoyed the day the life of
Tom no no go away wasp sorry there's a
watch trying to get in more than
anything if you guys have got
suggestions of what I can do with a
flamethrower then please by all means
let me know me and Wes tomorrow are
gonna try and cook a steak dinner with
the flamethrower so make sure you tune
in for that I'm very much looking
forward to seeing what you guys have to
say I love you I'll leave you and I
sorry us
