subscriber
subscriber I am ridiculously tired this
morning good morning Trevor how are you
doing on this fine day well no pay this
is drone on right penis face oh here we
go
listen I've got food today so let's make
this happen okay come on boys yes I'm
ill oh is it time yes oh that's why I
attacked out of nowhere oh shit you're
filming upside down oh damn we look at
so professional no show him the dirty
one let's see that one yeah we went
through a series of events of Durfee
that'd be great me and Trevor are
escaping through the wilderness of the
future space oh we have found the exit I
don't whiteness money
it is a oh wait we're gonna run wait
sorry high five nope Rico Rico watch oh
come on what you gonna chase play gonna
chase look at the chase I'm a fast
runner I can call that it would be
really difficult to know if someone was
hiding inside a fucking foot or big one
it best hiding spot ever oh my god what
food have you got yesterday everyone
scattered everywhere man you know make
me a plate make it meters I hate
potatoes so that's your plate oh my god
I look petrifying
I have no eyebrows eyebrows no eyebrows
Oh try factor of vlogging that's three
but Weaver did yeah trouble you're not
walking
camera quality because I care about my
pan Wow I don't why is there so many
behind-the-scenes people on the scene
what's going on well if you guys done
what did you broke why you guys all out
here
I am totally supposed to be hosting
right now put instead wait for cat hole
cameras dust oh my god this is easy mode
this is easy mode
oh my god why would they trust me oh my
god I'm gonna put them all on video mode
how do I do this
video mode video mode video mode video
mode right I'm gonna show my bollocks
this is what I like to the CounterSpy
people this is what happens when you
leave your camera's oh my god it's a
four-way vlog I'm gonna teabag their
camera really that how's that for a shot
take that leaving your camera's out you
stupid people yeah it's round two
Oh seriously and there you go that's how
you get shit slips out your hands face
face did you look like an action figures
don't you I'm taking over syndicate
central oh yeah the Audi TT is back
bought we're still at YouTube at like 20
plus 7 we were supposed to be finished
by like half 5 today but we have to film
a bunch more stuff and I've still got to
do my lines not that I delayed them or
anything it's just we do my lines at the
end of the day for speed and efficiency
so I'm gonna try and get the lines done
within 20 minutes and then go eat some
Tuesday ugh
I don't you like cheesecake let's do it
yeah well this is embarrassing
after what three days of filming boys
three days of filming you finally turn
around to me and say I need a box I'm
gonna fucking laugh fuck your box
day three sound guy how we doing
potentially see you know the license no
stick so well with this shirt yeah
everybody does how is that we do that
fast oh you can check the times yeah
everyone quick look at all that shit no
no as almost well we're leaving now and
apparently we're missing out on a
fucking awesome pie over there got beers
no drinks they got fires and shit like
that I'm gonna steal this car and then
look at that they've got projected onto
the road yeah I mean he'll there's a
big-ass projector somewhere that it's
beaming on YouTube to the side of the
hill that is fucking cool I'm gonna say
this right now I'm not a fan of G wagons
even though Nate got one I'm just I like
the Jeep Wrangler too much chase
pleasure drink sorry okay let the real
begin this is the many voices of gassy
mexican are you doing the Cheesecake
Factory gonna get some
yeah dude we roll up to a Cheesecake
Factory right now I'm Rita Dell right
I'm not taking care of us or
reorganizing all the tables so we can
fit all of us in right Obie's the entire
restaurant is even gonna think one will
voice actors or two we're just drunk and
fucking giddy up our tents I just got so
NIC I thought they're gonna bail on us I
thought I was gonna see you guys in the
morning and call you out now we can all
get drunk and not feel bad in the
morning for doing a bad job oh damn what
do you say about that everybody what if
you were to take a shot what would you
take no Jameson
no let me see them all let me see them
that is not what I want to be found
right now I'm generously I know they are
not small shots
Trevor ordered fourteen shots of James
don't want to do this oh wait you don't
Cassie you're not helping all right boys
and girls didn't even have to say
anything you start if you did start on
the show to be twice yes what a one
right now always make me show for them
and in order pull out the people who are
basically not have to pay the mosque
outstanding has to pay me let's go bitch
all right thanks person who doesn't have
to pay is gonna be no
what he's like this is my college money
going down right now
MC Sports Hawk so we're gonna do this
the director is gonna take left hand or
right hand and I'm gonna tell you when I
pull this out as a dresser when I pull
this out this is the person who's gonna
pay that the count that I show is gonna
be the cat that's gonna pay okay left
hand or right hand Oh
okay so what
alright hunters the person who has to
take up all this food who's it between
it's between killstreak oh that's a nice
toupee you chose that one this is sound
guy today this is you what hope you 21
24 25 Gary and what were you filming
here that's amazing
legend is it totally casual for me to
saw your testicle smart yeah oh my gosh
look who I just found we're also aiming
to raise the angle become a self Arabic
vision
it's just streaming I might look
currently off listen I'm gonna put
Diesel's twitch in the description go
and follow that shit but why we gettin
picked something don't pull your string
no because yours nope
they fall myself on Ustream more than me
therefore they should stop follow me and
go for this good game have fun
fuck off
it's just paper it's just paper hello
good sir how are you doing tonight
are you enforcing parking by any chance
how long does it take for your mustache
to grow on a five to ten day basis
on a scale of 7 to 5 is your mustache a
banana I do dude we're not even given
out tickets officer Ferguson what are
you doing at this time of night in this
neighborhood we can't hear you your
window seems to be no is this person
parked illegally
can I please for the love of everything
being British put the ticket on that
with speak please officer Ferguson
please give me that ticket I swear to
the little might like to see the Queen
I'll put that ticket on her windscreen
ok I'll just give us officer Ferguson
will film you establishing it for the
Queen herself go off a central focus
go on officer you got this this is your
moment
this is not our car this is your moment
to shine guys drive off give it here
open Oh
how much is that ticket how much does
that take
drive away immediately oh shit officer
Ferguson who have you called it right
now officer focus and you seem like a
cool guy
you just get in parking tickets for the
night yeah is that them guys chasing a
murder officer Ferguson you might want
to watch out with someone tailgating you
is that a ticket get in the car and
drive away this is what's happening you
might not be able to see shit right now
but me and my brother
and then we're going to zombie - oh is
that secure in the meal oh brother in
zombie unicorn and can't see shit we
were there tea mine are you here
tomorrow night
yes absolutely we're gonna drink in 100%
mustache she's not even here to be in
fucking Oster a mustache competition yes
mate you know it's we're not drinking
some because it's more drinking yep Nick
you out some are drinking no I want to
cut it off immediately no this is my
show we don't do cuts no we're gonna
rise too late okay fuck yourself
tomorrow tomorrow
100% fuck yeah
