to start the day by the side of a canal
I'm going to an ice cream van so
picturesque
this is gorgeous welcome to Grandpa
greenies luxury ice cream oh yeah oh
yeah it's cheap day so you better know
I'm having all of this best cheat day
it's International Ice Cream day okay I
have to have it it just feels so British
right now I'm in the countryside with an
ice cream like almost Cornetto and I'm
walking by the locks I'll say
responsibility for this trend these are
not parking spot support I park there
and everyone else did the same it's all
right
right I could be wrong here but I could
be right I'm almost confident in saying
that this is cars cricket team playing
against Woodley but it could be wrong
yeah see the sign yeah that says bribery
okay so this time I did actually find
the right cricket ground I found cloud
Bob sorry to say what comes out the ref
made a bad decision Karl will win anyway
it's okay
I know I could support the rest of the
team I've got a Goldmann edit my vlog
anyway but that's gonna stay a little
bit longer there's no real need for me
anymore
Chris my boy Carl is out chose the right
time to watch the game France just
scored you see this was the view I was
expecting to be looking over tonight and
be sat in a hot tub on the top of the
building watching a sunset but erm yeah
I mean the rug see so my plan was
suspending that in my Chester tonight in
a really nice hotel did you go up some
food have a nice time in her in
Manchester it was gonna be it's gonna be
a great night on the way down to
Manchester type it in the hotel turns
out booked a hotel for Southport not
Manchester and the hotel is really nice
of non-refundable so guess where I'm
going tonight
you guessed it Southport take two for
Australasia last time I tried to come
here it wasn't successful because they
said I didn't have a booking what I did
so very nice bar and that is the coolest
DJ deck
ever seen is a touchscreen data deck
this place is so it's definitely glad I
came here
seedings amazing place looks amazing I
bet you I asked for some water they
offer me infused I said yes what is that
hell yes the sushi was not enough it
didn't film in the slightest everything
in this meal was nice apart from the
skewers the chicken skewer was plain as
anything and this is the beef skewer it
tastes just like food but the smell it
smells like genuine dog food this is a
video summary of my life right now it's
all fired apart
what a very very dope kitchen I tell you
what this restaurant has been amazing
and I'm very glad I came
no no okay time to emerge from
Australasia and try and make it to
Southport before sunset I have high
hopes one hour later I made it to the
Vincent in Southport not Manchester if I
would have made it in time for the
sunset it would have been absolutely
perfection kinda missed it but
nonetheless the hotel room is very nice
you enter here you have a nice lounge
over here this is the penthouse with we
have a little bar section
I don't know if there's alcohol don't
really care you hear that boom check out
the bedroom this by the way is the exact
design I want to pour above my new
extension so this might just look like a
bed in the wall boy that's a I want to
show you a bit more depth to it but this
the Wardrobe hidden it behind the
bedroom so yeah a little place to get
ready obviously a bit more space because
like whoa really a lot much room place
this out sections get ready wardrobe on
this side wardrobe on that side
absolutely perfect such a super awesome
design because it's like you can just
rotate around the back of your bed and
everything is hitting her away so if
even if there's any mess you just scary
it round a corner and no one sees it and
then here nice big bathtub TV on the
wall nice sink toilet boom
and then over here you have a sauna mmm
and a big what okay okay you win
that might be the first time I've ever
seen a showerhead bigger than mine I'll
say this right now I'm liking the style
I'm not I'm not a fan of dark wood like
I've got in my house at the moment right
now but this dark wood and this this
sort of light in you know honk light
around the wall I in I'm a fan yeah this
is really nice not too sure what's going
on with this hot tub book it's
completely phoned up with bubbles but
I'm not joking
look how many there is it's flooded off
the edge with with bubbles quite smelly
bubbles though as well so if we should
be in it this is ridiculous
we've definitely been pregnant but
either way strawberries welcome to the
sink Barty area oh what's a little
cupboard look at this awesome bottles of
water what's in the next cupboard Oh
lucozade oh my god dairy milk chocolate
bars I don't know if these are included
I have to pay for them but oh as much as
I wish that was orange lucozade I'm
gonna take a water and what a lovely
nice leaf it was as well I check this me
I've already got my vlog into edit mode
like a professional only captures it's
currently 9 p.m. at night yeah so maybe
today's vlog with this much late because
that took the entire day off I don't
know how I managed to bail so bad young
Chris who recommended this place you
Chris being the person I went mountain
biking out in France with said to me
Tommy you need to go to this hotel it's
super nice you can overlook the city
gets what sunset eh it's perfect you'll
love it I didn't even check the address
of the hotel because he said it was in
Manchester so I believed him it wasn't
until like you know checking the address
and finding out it wasn't in Manchester
that I've made a very big mistake I even
rang Chris it was like Chris whereabouts
is the Vincent hotel and he even said
when I rang him on the phone as soon as
I realized the mistake Manchester so to
be fair it's not entirely my fault that
I went all the way to Southport
yesterday it's Kerry Chris's as well so
I will take a little bit responsibility
but he can take the majority of it we
had an awesome time at the hotel I do
have to say this right now
you'll find out in tomorrow's vlog the
hotel was absolutely lovely I don't
think I mentioned it but the hotel smelt
like kind of like stagnant water the
entire time and I was a bit like this is
nasty you're like drained smell like
they were open salty no like poo just
like dirty water so I said something to
the hotel staff I was like I was very
wise but I just need to let you know
like that it's a disgusting smell when
you check into such a nice hotel and
they were really lovely and gave me a
afternoon tea included in this day so
appreciate that but does it take away
from the experience it was a lovely
place the hot tub was super nice you're
out there till midnight something loved
it to pieces and then I slept for the
rest of than that because it took us an
hour to get there and I was exhausted
but at the end today's vodka tomorrow
you're gonna see me in Southport where I
may head to a super famous Tower where
this roller coaster rides and all that
sort of stuff but you have to fight our
bubble of that tomorrow well thank you
very much for watching guys I know
you've seen a lot on Twitter about Alice
and Cal saying about like they're
signing all the posters and everyone's
been like well I just hope not sorry it
was Tomlin signing it don't worry I'm
back from Southport not Manchester so I
can start getting the signatures done
massive thank you to every single person
you managed to get themselves one
honestly it means a lot to me but more
importantly like it means so much to Cal
because you put in so much time and so
much effort with those posters that the
amount of woman support that was shown
free people ordering them like literally
worldwide people from all over the world
are ordering them absolutely bonkers so
to you I say thank you very much for
supporting it we are a family on this
channel and like the fact I get to get
Carl involved we like what we're up to
and like streaming and I'm gonna get
like a series going with them and
hopefully making a YouTube channel and
you'll start putting these over videos I
can't wait for the day where I'm just
like SATA home and I get a notification
on my phone be like coral started
streaming and I just like tuned in
he's playing for tonight who's playing
minecraft I'll call it Julie or whatever
he wants you know he just does his own
little things so I'm really excited I'm
super happy for him and I hope you guys
looking forward to it Susan Oh like he's
official YouTube channel and he's
official twitch I'll let you guys know
that but I think with the way me and
Kyle are gonna do we're gonna make sure
we're like a Jew Oh in the sense of I've
always wanted to have like my partner in
crime because I know this is gonna sound
kind of set now being like mom but you
should never do with me but like you
know Tom McCallum Chris wears like all
the lads from like the vlogs that you
see you hang out with
they like the video games and stuff like
that and even when I was getting into my
YouTube they created channels like to
try and become YouTube as well but
always gave up on it and
gave it their all and give it some for
brought anything to the table like
passion wise whereas like you know Karl
is just full of energy full of life and
he really just wants to absolutely smash
it and have fun with it so I feel like
we're really gonna vibe well off each
other
Black Ops is coming out blackouts coming
out and I think we can have a really
good time with it so if you guys are
really excited for for the the team team
massive dose of mean Karl then make sure
you leave a like rate subscribe and I'll
see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. well I will
be in Southport for the next daily vlog
I just happened to be home today already
so sorry about the vlog being late I
just didn't take my laptop with me cuz I
didn't think I'd be in Southport I'm
sure you can understand that much love
adios I'll see you guys tomorrow
ma
