oh my gosh I just had a mini heart
attack walked into my garage one of my
bikes is missing you know that feeling
like when you lose your mobile phone you
like where is it
well then luckily I remembered I loved
it analysis garage oh my god that is not
the way I want to start a date with a
miniature heart attack no no this
saddens out there's a few clouds in a
scar I'm taking this bike to go down to
the shop and get some food and for fall
attire
I either choose these which you know
pretty normal trainers
all right use these mmm yeah of the
record I don't record I don't we talk
about very normal clothes attire for
riding a mountain bike if you disagree
come at me okay because I'm blocking out
the haters time for a breakfast of
champions from hot and cold food is that
what it's called pretty sure it's called
the village bakery but there's no sign
so we're just gonna call it hot and cold
food hate riding around on this bike and
there's a throwback to the day in the
life of Tom dude so yeah we just let's
go right now
Oh dry day I can check whether or not
there is an alum before um and that
seems to be the same patch from the
other day
no more seems to have leaked apart from
all that's there so that's a little bit
random can I got me a bit spooked oh-ho
boy it is cut in this defender they see
on please Wow don't worry This Is It
this is actually it this is the last
ever time you're gonna hear this in a
vlog I know I know
you're fed up with it you're sick of it
but I have to tell you that it's the
last chance now to buy the 9 1969 poster
trust me I know we've been buying it out
about this all week put so many people
have been saying like chocolate I'll get
picks a Friday I'll go back to Saturday
Sunday or whatever so just letting you
guys all know that if you do want the 99
is 69 a poster a thought night themed
gift Cal got me as opposed to hand
signed by me and Cal this is your last
chance to get it this vlog goes live at
6 p.m. and by midnight they'll be
completely taken off sale so this is
your last ever chance to get one you've
got 6 hours from now that is if you're
watching this at 6 p.m. for the vlog
even went live at 6 p.m. chances are it
didn't Sam Jones absolutely killed it
and I'm so happy so many people are
getting on board of the t99 and 69er
because I'll tell you something I'm
improving it for tonight and more
importantly Carly's you saw his victory
the other day it was absolutely buzzing
off his tits the fact that he won I'm
gonna be doing more streams together and
I'm really really happy that so many
people love the GOP I said that we did
yesterday if you didn't know like Gio
guess is a game where you run them we
get throwing somewhere in the world on
Google Maps and you've got a guess where
it is I mean Carly did that on stream
yesterday and I put it in the vlog and
people seem to love that so I want to
start doing more IRL stuff and all that
I don't we be able to do that without
banging on it you guys about the poster
so if you do want to get one this is
your last chance behind signing all of
them and you guys know the team at
syndicate original will really
appreciate it it's an absolute stunning
day but these guys have got
I've gotten the belief outings yes the
Trafford Centre nothing quite like a
little bit of titty hanging out uh-oh
Wagga Mama's is busy decided to go for a
healthy smoothie not quite sure how this
is gonna turn out but wish me look okay
well here is like my cocktail it's got
Kiwi apple I don't think I Mikado in it
whatever why it's actually gorgeous it's
so so nice it's a bit spicy though I
think it's ginger in it Oh foods out the
way time for some new trainers she works
so damn sunburned
these are my new shoes definitely you
stuck that on the front of it which is
part of the design what me I'd buy those
shoes because I like them and I like
off-white but I'd rip that off bro a
standard green t-shirt with the word
Gucci printed in the worst one ever
literally Comic Sans 320 pounds why I
have several questions definitely
definitely gets a ten out of ten I don't
know why I come to the truffle Center
and do this to myself just to look at
like the most expensive stupid things
and if I break this I'm gonna regret it
but you see the shoe look at that shoe
Jimmy Choo I'm gonna let you guess how
much that shoe is in the comment I'm not
gonna tell you till the end of the vlog
normal shoe with the heel what this is
this is a piece of art or is that
actually something someone would wear
because that's ridiculous
you have been preparing for this meeting
for six months you've got this may I ask
you guys a question what do you think of
the building gross
so today daddy loves to bacon exactly
the hell do I know anyway so you know
it's nice honestly thought I was gonna
come out of that movie being like it's
absolutely terrible don't go watch but
it was a good film the rock did a really
good job really good acting out of ten
I'm gonna have to say they I'm going
with an eight I'm giving it a out of ten
I thought it was entertaining would I go
and see it again probably knock down I
know what happens I've seen it and all
that but was it good and recommend it to
others
yeah so Nate yes I did have like a
mumbles for dinner however that was it
like seven o'clock so chicken dies how
you lookin baby oh my god you look tan
that you about to get dumped out and you
see that bed well that bed right that is
where I spent the rest of my night after
going watching skyscraper I was like
really good Phil really enjoyed it I was
like you know what I really want to go
home and watch the equalizer if you've
never seen the equine its proper all
care this is a strong word it's possibly
better than John wick I'm gonna start
the debate now the equalizer with Denzel
Washington or John wick you don't have
to decide because I know the two good
films but I tell you what the equalizer
was just so damn good I had a bit of a
weird thing one last night though at
like two o'clock in the morning when I
was up til all of a sudden I heard like
a massive bang outside mouth and then
like a car wheel spin away like a rush
to my window to see like what the hell
was going on but didn't see anything did
find anything looked on CCTV nothing
looked suspicious
I was just like that's a bit strange
because all my neighbor's area lights
were on so I text them all being likes
everything okay and Strom's aware
everything's fine guess it just turns
out add some people talk your drifted
outside so
so yeah guys I'm sat in my fro and I'm
just absolutely kickin back chillin in
the Sun cuz it's been a gorgeous day
Tanglin today can't complain in the
slightest
Chirag well that's what happens when I
get out of bed Lee and I go watch two
movies for the day so sorry about that
one but if I would have filmed in the
cinema I probably would have got sued
I'd probably have the rock calling me
out on Instagram I don't really want
that however if I can somehow find out
how to do a day in a life with the rock
that would be amazing so guys thank you
very much for watching make sure to
leave that like rating subscribe and
tomorrow don't worry we're gonna be how
we're gonna be doing some stuff or going
on it if it is in Manchester and all
that it's just where those I'm getting
pent up of being in the UK like I've
been
too long I've been here too long and you
need to get out and travel an adventure
and on that note I did indeed get a text
off my good friend Matthew who I met
when I was in the Cayman Islands and he
was like yeah want to come by let me
know we'll get together and do some cool
stuff so and maybe it's time for another
10 day trip to the Cayman Islands if you
guys want me to go there leave a like
rating I think I've got a few free days
coming up and we'll make it happen
so much love to your faces see you
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next year
blog don't forget about that poster I'll
see you guys tomorrow and hopefully
it'll be on time oh and Anjali's bonus
clips it's a deal oh that's everything I
love you all what we're gonna leave on a
good note like I always said never let
anyone put you down in life and you know
if you want to do something actually do
it and try out who cares if someone is
there look what he's doing trying and
not doing it like it's not writing about
you know if you don't if you don't keep
practicing you'll never learn how to do
it so you know you've got a lot to do
stuffing eventually life and hopefully
I'm gonna do some really adventurous
Sports adrenaline sports so stay tuned
on shelf and we'll always up gaming but
hopefully at the Adrenaline's boss and
there's always have a nice day my
friends
you remember this shoe 3,000 pounds
what
