so we out here in LA found a billboard
vo gonna try to get some drone shots
our hope is the a security doesn't get
called and B we don't crash the drone on
the freeway right up sir I feel it
I was telling them about your YouTube
can relax
Oh be shellfish oh yeah yeah I was like
that's his son up there you're like
hallway shout out for right here talking
he states or president is trying to make
over for the finish hip-hop
it doesn't matter how good you meet you
like how your father
to get popular social
all
I don't know you have to give more value
it's not about buying armies young I
will show you the mechanism on an exam
show you how to Bob you know the same
because we put that out and make a copy
there and stuff like that maybe trust I
can save that man sir
pay up your name
we got to get to this interview we're
running late minutes radio so look we're
listening on the updated applicants
right now it's us against and rebuilding
it I dunno they kill me yeah what up
y'all always late hey guys
I believe tell me what the first thing
that comes to mind is what I'd say you
can start how do you feel about that -
you know my mind is being blown right
now you know understand because I see
how big you two days like I never knew
it was this big and so it's almost like
YouTube is the new rock stars I went to
play this lives as here's my first time
there and the people were trippin like
they would see like a you know with a
twelve-year-old waiking or just chase
after like a flock of like 100 people
chasing after lesson was Justin Bieber
and it was like created these things
words like you actually don't have to
blow up and everyone has to know you
just need a core following you know and
so I don't know it's very subjective you
know being a being a star so yeah it
makes me uncomfortable
why do you ask that oh you think okay
okay okay all right all right cool thank
you yeah yeah 30,000 subscribers
question yeah yes yes thank you so much
yeah it's been cool like today I
actually hit 30k today and I was like
what is going on yeah yeah so these
waves happen you know you got to pay
attention to like what's really going on
and it's that people are catching a
message you not expand the numbers
numbers are cold you know they're good
to show your validity as a
the creators and sponsors but you know
you know like I know that I'm not a star
you know what I'm saying like I just
know that you know and so what I have to
do is if people call me it's our than
anything that will continue like telling
people the message you notice any
because the message is what is where the
gold is not so much new year or any of
my children you know because what's been
happening people you want me to my son's
like oh you're the famous on you know
what I'm saying and so you say that to a
floor or three year old that's like what
do you talk about they don't even know
what that means same you know and so we
put a lot of pressure on our kids when
we tell them like that so I'm very
protective over that and you got to be
careful man and even for me because it's
like people say like are you exposing
your kids for your own glory looks like
mom and like no one knows what it's like
to really be married like that's why you
have all these failed marriages because
they're nobody who keeps it real with
you you know what I'm saying it's so
much secrets and family and stuff like
that so I like you know I'm just going
to expose myself and people don't like
it they don't like it yeah yeah and you
don't do that so my partisan thing is
yeah what can that they dress to them
because you know what your son to think
that you know they're celebrities right
right we should ever think it would get
to that point where it's like you know
people are just coming up to me like oh
snap your son you know sort of famous
