you
I have an announcement to make
so both of urias uncle's have birthdays
today
Travis is turning 30 whoa Anthony's
turning 33 Oh attorney if anyone noticed
anything
yeah but this birthday song goes out to
uncle Travis Uriah and couple Anthony so
one two three
hey my name is giel make it a hakama
timeshare or sgt toy from oh yes and a
fisherwoman yes to get the two robots
one saw a llama never get their bubble
me in the I'm gonna store okay but
they're not mine oh okay so you're gonna
get the brothers get them in together
after this one you're number one
that's my bladder as you may know a few
days ago was your eyes birthday and we
haven't opened up gifts yet now the
reason why we even kind of post calling
opening up the gifts is because we have
to explain to Co that these aren't his
gifts that your eyes kiss now right it
has to share what Co I think it's going
to be a hard time for it but we'll see
do you share your toys with hribal give
me a hug give me a hug
just give me hug yeah which one you want
first nice
oh my gosh is bubblegum would you say
that - hi oh that is so nice of you that
you want to share with you you can color
this buddy or write about move this is
Ryan oh now you're getting it oh my gosh
what is that transformer oh-oh-oh is a
transformer card let's see what it says
back up okay this is the toy your
brother wants you to play with then he
got do you want to play with this no
okay well then I guess you're not
playing with anything
oh no this is the toy your brother out
of all the toys that he got for his
birthday he's gonna let you play with
this one do you want to play with this
one Alan Fraser I know what maybe he'll
let you play with while we're playing
with it but you get to play with this
aren't you so happy why I'm Claire
aren't you so happy in the face good God
please please faster him in the face
okay
today's beat I'm going to be sampling
sample
longtime fan of belief in fatherhood and
I decide to send him some beasts for his
videos and this beat was actually part
of the pact that I sent him and he
actually used it for one of his most
recent videos
