hey what's going on guys it's belief
from belief and fatherhood here to bring
you another episode of crap for parents
this is a way for me to take an in-depth
look at different products from the
perspective of a parent you know face
you could trust this is a sponsored
video okay boom seven first things first
I want to discuss the obvious elephant
in the room I really appreciate you guys
for not being penny talking about the
fact that I wear the same clothes all
the time you see my work ethic in my
clothing budget are at different levels
you know what I'm saying
I saw I appreciate you for always seeing
me wear the same clothes and not
lighting the on fire in a comment
section I appreciate your lack of
pettiness cats out of the bag way to
send clothes all the time
let's get open it okay so today I'm here
to discuss the best nanny cam on the
market possibly which is the Arlo baby
right here this is our low baby we use
this for our low baby
so anyway up this right here is the
nanny cam that we've been using lately
and I love it
the reason why I love it is because it
has so many different options with it
this is like the fourth child I have
this is the ultimate snitch okay it's
like the Big Brother that's always
telling you with snitch that's why I
mess with you because you will
snitch-uation itching I appreciate that
you know say me telling all the secrets
I get notifications if the baby's crying
if there's movement in the room real
quick because I forgot to say this if
there's a movement in the room this
thing will record before and after the
movement has passed it's really amazing
I mean you shouldn't notifications
that's why I mess with you and that's
why you that's mine that's why me and
you tight I mean this thing has night
vision it got night vision I mean and it
even tells you if the humidity in the
room is different like if it's getting
too hot in the room it'll tell me to let
me know that the temperature has changed
I can watch my child from all over the
country you like the fourth chocolate
baby straight up yeah you like the
fourth chocolate baby I'm saying you're
not really chocolate though you know you
got away that's corny this past weekend
I was in Atlanta of course you know that
and I can actually log into my account
and actually watch the children through
the Arlo baby Kim so it sends you
notifications when things are happening
and also it's into emails if you want
and got a we're waiting I'm saying just
be you it's beautiful
but this is more than just any camera it
has a nightlight in it that allows you
to change the colors it has a speaker in
it it's a pretty decent speaker that
allows you to play music or white noise
you can even upload your own tracks on
here my favorite thing about this camera
though is that it actually acts like
walkie talkie so if I see the kids doing
anything inappropriate you know for the
chocolate babies the older boys I can
actually just say something to them and
of course you know I had to test this
thing out so I decided to put the kids
in the room down for the naptime I
placed the Arlo baby in the room just to
check out and make sure the kids were
doing that thing and this thing did its
job it told me when the kids were moving
and allowed me to talk to them and well
just see for yourself down
and I can say whatever I want that's
what I love about this thing is that I
can spy on the kids I can i kid me
watch the baby be with the baby and have
my eye on them it just means so much to
me and I can say stuff to him like this
protect your life and that's how we do
it so if you're about to have a kid of
course you're looking for a nanny cam I
know you are ready okay every first-time
parent is looking for a nanny cam and
when you're at the second a third kid
you know if they cry and they breathe it
you know what I'm saying but if you're a
first-time parent this is probably
something you want to get a sense this
thing retails for about 250 bucks and
I'll put the link in my description to
go ahead and pick it up at any local
Best Buy so once a week when I'm doing
episode of crap of parents I'm gonna be
doing giveaways okay so if you want to
enter in your chance to win a Best Buy
gift certificate for 25 bucks just use
this hashtag last week our winner was
eyeing Gardner on Twitter also I really
want to create a space for this for me
to be doing this more often so I'm
starting up a new YouTube page it's a
spinoff from belief in fatherhood the
title of the page is called crap for
parents and it's not saying that the
items are crap but it's just saying this
is some crap that we probably need so if
you're looking for a great way to spy on
your kids or just to make sure your kids
are doing well while they're sleeping a
nanny cam a naptime cam whatever the
Arlo baby is the way to go pick it up at
your local Best Buy or click the link on
my bio to copy one of these I really do
believe that this is the best camera on
the market for any parent looking for a
nanny camp so yeah I hope you guys enjoy
keep your network popping and protect
your life peace
