they're like a kit is ba ba bi bi you
know what
hey I you know what I just hold on the
elysee told us and I should aim to you
lo great on you lady the data CD holder
I'll be knocking off the edit all this
because now I know I know I have an
iPhone you're running up on your side
like if I fall in love with you and I'll
never come again I'm looking at an
elephant in the room I think she got
something wrong but she's mostly such a
modulo she used to have a song coming
don't used to get high in her trees like
a monkey Danny benign talked about rum
that's what is this
and
so you were down can you give them
thoughts on now
honestly I don't listen to it like one
and a half times and I know I still
didn't absorb everything else and it was
just so like versatile in my 50s style
because like a whole bunch of such
things and if you throw an ice cream
like valid separate
like that the first thing I know is I
get the production in the instruments
whirring I I think you know for me like
would challenge me I had to in the
middle of making this record I had to
figure out like why that I even want to
do music you know and say like my
initial reason Tom and I couldn't move
any further like everything came back to
a level of banding in some way
Oh pride you know what I mean like I
feel like I needed to prove myself to
the people who are listening and other
artists and you know like being slept on
us up you know I mean can you know your
potential but people just don't want to
give you the shot that they look down on
I had like this huge chip on my
shoulders you know and so for this album
is like you know what it's kind of a
pride in is trying to be all done with
this relationship that's kind of almost
like entrapment because there's no
retirement planning upon like what is
your plan you know what I mean like
what's the next step and so um I
realized that talent and character are
two different things each character is
way more important you know and so as I
kind of bow out from the box a little
bit and just give my piece
I know that I could do it knowing that
still have a lot more on Jamie I feel
like I could have did better on this
record for sure you know understand and
so I know my shortcomings but I'd like
to help other artists get to that point
so really it was just more about proving
to myself to my peers that I can make a
really good record yeah I think that I
guess you mean
photophobia ha ha you can't really leave
you're still you're still creating your
own personal music that you make on your
own time I think that it's almost like
an anyway it's hard to say little psycho
stuff you know let us go kill party oh
yeah look at the same time you know like
sometimes when people die like that when
happen things are getting going
they were like when Michael Jackson when
he died like just
is uh like breakfast went straight out
yeah yeah but you know some people just
don't get the credit and so there's a
lot of painters and artists I don't want
to have to die to be great
you love me
