Dana's crooked today I want to talk
about updates that package I want to be
more mindful about opening packages on
camera you guys send them to us and we
appreciate it I want to do like a really
cool mail time intro so if you are
producer and you want to produce for
beliefs fatherhood or sample blues
clothes no time boy like you've got mail
from AOL you've got mail sample that you
ask a lot of questions about parenting
videos this book deals with a lot of
issues believing what the Bible says
about child training parenting with
confidence thank you so much for this
book I would definitely look through
this oh yes there is a name there is far
ie 4i e4 e 4i e thank you so much for
the book we are definitely going to read
this and at least skim through it and
look at the chapters that I applied to
over dinner with and read those no car
still car has not been found we're still
looking for it the criminal is still at
large
Easter was amazing I'll show you some
clips of that right now
I didn't really film a lot doing Easter
because I just felt like if so many
people there I know how people talk
about me on camera so I just want to be
very cautious I do that a lot of my life
or whatever that's all I would like to
are like in like that like room life
before anything like that
also last night I went live
it was insane I was having a hard time I
talked about you know basically getting
a vasectomy I want to give a second very
bad obeisances we're now the children I
just wanted to tell you guys that I'm
getting the vasectomy
I've decided tonight that can't dentists
I'm having real problems nobody I can't
do this all of them all of them crazy
eyes
hey yo hush up they've been touching me
in a sticky in their smelly and I have
to bathe them and everybody who is
hungry is my problem this is what we did
with wish you know got our head
I just can't guys I just can't I just
can't continue to populate the world
how many loving - I just don't want any
more kids I just come to this conclusion
I can't
well you're here you're not going
anywhere they just always look at how
they're grabbing on ends like always
latch - you stink
the worst and then this one is this one
is the one we have the most issues with
and then this one no better is just so
much going on hey hush up so someone
asked about advice being a dad just have
one kid but before you before you become
a dad go as far away as possible with
your wife and the spend as much time
with her alone because you'll never
never get this time spanked and it you
won't like even when you leave in
someone watches the kids you'll still be
thinking about the kids you know what
I'm saying so it's best for you to leave
and just be away for as long as possible
and like enjoy look at each other's eyes
because this is what I'm looking at
right now this is what I see the back of
my wife's head huddled in a daggone
cloak she looks like a freaking magician
she's just chilling
if you don't not yeah yeah she's been
like a Bugaboo all day shut up
come here okay and then look at that
boogie I just pull out of this kid's
nose look how big that is this is my
life if this if I was a somewhat
Parenthood for you it would just be this
boogie right now I'm just having a rough
day on a semi-hard spirit
it's my hands too I like I like this
sorry my phone died real quick I just
wanted to kind of finish up the
discussion I'm at the Lynch's house for
dinner tonight and um we really am
hoping that they would start a YouTube
page or something like that because I
think there are awesome family and so
showing them was just kind of a part of
something I want to do like my heart is
to do more things like show other
families on how they operate and I'm not
you know I don't really care about you
know race or anything like that I just
care about sharing like powerful stories
about families and so I'm glad that
those of you in the comment section who
noticed what I was doing and seeing what
I was trying to do with the production
value there I'm glad you guys paid
attention to that
know that I shot that with this Sony
rx100 and an iPhone so that's the only
two cameras I had and I use the iPhone
microphone the voice memo as a
microphone to get the kind of the sound
of them and so um good news as far as
the cars concerned we still haven't
found the car we haven't found the perp
but you guys raised ten thousand dollars
in one week and that's amazing so thank
you guys so much everyone who supported
the GoFundMe everyone who has just been
a part of our lives and supported us
through that also I just have to shout
out some people a buddy of mine Tom he
owns a garage door company came through
and of course we lost our car so that
means we lost our garage door clicker
and so he came through and gave us a new
garage door clicker and in a keypad for
our house and that was courtesy of his
company so shout out to his company
that's crazy ah and the dad blogger
community came through and just
supported us immensely with their
connections so you guys know that we
lost three car seats our car seats for
all Graco they were fairly new car seats
and collect a car seat company from
Toronto came through like superheroes
they gave us three brand new car seats
Julie a technician and the lady who runs
all the social media came down and she
hooked us up with the car seat she
showed us how to use I'm sure inside the
fit
okay so a Saturday morning and we were
you laughing at me as you guys know our
car got stolen not too long ago which is
actually last Monday and there's a
company that offered through my dad
Network has offered to kind of help us
with car seats you need help with that
so the company that is helping us out is
called collec and some brands just get
it you know what I'm saying like life
happens and they come to your rescue and
so I don't know I'm just very fortunate
and glad that people are seeing the
value of what we do coming alongside of
us to help in our time of need so
alright we got all our collect car seats
installed thank you so much Julie for
coming through and being the greatest
technician ever make sure our kids will
be safe on the road here
they're actually the heaviest most
durable car seats I've ever seen they
have so much mechanical engineering that
goes inside of them and they're so safe
and I love the company I love the
support and thank you guys so much for
supporting us there my wife is telling
Andy to come inside so that's what I'm
going to do so I'm hanging out with the
lynches tonight
if you did not follow Pat and shangela
on Instagram you should do that
they're awesome family and I'm going to
have dinner with my friends so I'll talk
to you guys so yo
