what's going on guys there's another
installment of belief in fatherhood
behind the snaps if you don't follow me
on snapchat please follow me now be ele
AF Andy l so what I want to tell you is
why I love snapchat over every other
social media platform the reason is
because snapchat released me it allowed
me to see that I am weird and I didn't
know I was as squared as I am
until snapchat Thank You snapchat thank
you snapchat has the characters you
can't get past the characters the
characters are amazing and see what
happens is when I put on two characters
and I put like mask over my face
I actually become the characters I
become the people it's a made like they
have a personality of their own let me
introduce you to a couple of my
characters the first character is more
of experiment his name is Julius you so
Lonnie who goes to comic-con totally not
like me I've never been to comic-con
don't watch comics but Julius is an
expert hey guys it's Julius I went to
comic-con and everybody had on the
costume then there's the unfortunate
gangster West Side Wesley he's the type
of guy who all his friends got into
trouble but he never got in trouble so
he has bunch of war stories there aren't
at all you may know a guy like this I
know plenty meet Wes high risk young
shout-out to my new files on toaster
Graham you know saying y'all coming out
of nowhere who I know that who so to
come on it's almost like a marathon and
then one of my favorites Tyrone oh sorry
bro I got a canker sore go on Tyrone is
how do they do that never should have
made it out of the projects but he did
he got adopted by a nice family outlet
suburbs and he became like a camp
counselor he just has the most positive
attitude ever hey guys you Scarborough
and I just want you to all like I'll be
focused in the digital thing and I'll
make sure you chase after your dreams no
matter what okay so I signing off Tyrone
Tyrone is basically the guy that works
at chick-fil-a
that that's what I want is an estimate
and it turns out that a really really
good with kids
let evolve be this group of kids but uh
turns out you just focus in that
positive thinking keep repeating thing
you were okay finding all Tyrone and
then there's Eddie Eddie is just the
most reaction to whatever he's County
oblivious to his ratchet I love Eddie
Eddie is Eddie's just himself and you
can't hate on that he just had to be it
you know nothing he don't care now
notches it was sucked all and steady
that you always have my uncle house
right and his name is frightening
tripping all the time because I like to
smoke a little weed you know said I
think I think we just come from the
earth and then last but not least and
brings me to my favorite character of
all Frank
my nephew Edward smokes reefer and every
year the cops get called by me Frank is
the most annoying neighbor ever he is
Eddie's uncle and he's just nosy I
believe I heard the kids was sick so
what I want you to do in the woods you
to take some moose go and put it behind
it he's always got some advice he's
always telling what he what to do is
always telling what things you never
asked him but he's just always given his
advice and it kind of reminds me of
people in your family that have like
expertise on like remedies can't believe
it's Frank I have the United Negro
superstitions of remedies books here
that was passed down from generation so
one thing it says is that you can
diffuse horse piss you can also take
some pineapple hair and sprinkle it into
their top round
I just exaggerate everything with good
Frank
see what else they got here I getting a
flat sand cockroach antlers and put it
on sounder window he's the most
unfortunate character of all he's
currently deported to Antarctica
I believe his Frank a friend of a skill
in my house and it reminded me that one
of the remedy said taking mosquitos back
and put it under your eyebrows so I'm
gonna go ahead and kill this mesquite on
that and if you want to back let me know
it's very Goregaon serious the only
problem with snapchat is that the
filters go away some of the filters I
really love like Frank he's gone I can't
see him I can't talk to him it's weird I
know I kind of feel like I'm a god
walking personality use for imaginary
friends like my kids maybe I am I don't
care I'm childish yeah so that's my only
problem with snapchat is that I can't
keep the filter so snapchat if you're
watching it someone is watching from
snapchat please allow me to buy the
filters I will buy I will buy frame
see snapchat is basically behind the
scenes to believe in quality if you want
to know why I'm running late with the
video you want to know what's happening
in my life or if you want to know
something you probably just need to
follow me on snapchat so here it is
again vele afm email follow me there now
or if you're looking at this on the
desktop just go ahead and take a picture
of this little code and it should bring
you to my snapchat profiling you just
probably did thank you guys for watching
another episode of behind the snaps in
the comment section below just go ahead
and type in your favorite person to
follow on snapchat or Instagram all
right I see you guys tomorrow
pace will do pretty great
hey belief is Frank today I listen to
your album and I think I will sound real
good
