my so yesterday I left I told you that
when I left that you were to listen to
mommy
yeah I had to work I know okay so but
this one I'm saying after I left I said
you listen to mommy
all right and you told me you were gonna
listen to mommy right you said okay I
will listen do you remember going huh
and so what happened after that because
you mom you said that you weren't
listening to mommy so why won't you
listen to the money what happened you
don't know okay so you were being
disobedient mommy would say don't touch
that or don't do that what would you do
you go is that what you did huh
okay mommy told you to go on timeout and
did you go but what did you say back to
her you didn't grab it mommy
because you weren't listening so what
happened you told me you were gonna
listen about me what happened what why
didn't you listen you told me you were
gonna listen number one I left you said
I will listen to him so what happened I
have a question
so because you lied to me you were
disobedient and you didn't listen to
mommy I have to discipline you how does
that make you feel irritated yeah so I
guess you know anything you want to eat
your cereal okay now do you want your
pop before or after you say you want to
pop me now okay go pull that anything
cuz I have to pop you you didn't you
didn't listen I'll kick it you know okay
I've decided that I wanted to pop the
Austin I'm upstairs he's about to get a
pop but he then disagrees with me she
thinks that he should not get a pop
right now and he's a reason why I just
feel like it's an issue of the heart and
I don't think he should like if we pop
him yeah he gets a pop and so he's going
to be I don't know he gets a pop but
does that mean he's not going to do it
again I don't think we're expected
speaking to the issue of the heart
I think we're speaking to this is what
happened so I'm gonna pop you don't do
it again but it's gonna happen again
and I don't think we're changing of
behavior I think we're just creating an
element of fear rather than creating a
desire in him okay so is the issue of
the heart but he made a promise to me
before I left here say I asked him to
live you know to listen to you you know
so then I would I think what's
appropriate is to have a conversation
with him about how dude you made me a
promise and not my finger because you
didn't stick here and then appeal in his
I know he understands what a deal is
yeah he knows what it deal is but I know
you don't care about my feelings that's
for damn sure
I'm gonna listen to you
you might get a pop so I'm just saying
like you didn't discipline me yesterday
for what he did I did I put him in time
out and I went upstairs and we had a
really good time well I had a really
good explanation as to why you don't do
that and then you kept doing but it so
what is he learning I don't know but you
just have to like the disciplining I
just feel like we're not changing the
behavior which is creating an element of
fear and so when he goes over grandma's
house or if he's out with some other
adult is he going to stop that behavior
because he knows it's inappropriate or
is the only the man might do it with you
because he knows you're gonna pop him
Your Honor I'm saying yeah so how do we
change is I don't know because it's you
know it's sin so we have to understand
understand why sin is bad you know yeah
and that's the harder part mm-hmm so I
know it sounds like whatever but in that
book it says that it's a lot of work
like it takes time or anything with
Hartman I'm excited yeah who is this
who is that that's me okay this is dead
okay who is this right here who's that
that's mine who is that
that's right oh very good this is this a
steal and a little baby right here is
Anaya Papa stays home listen I work at
home and I take care of you guys right
sometimes mommy works you like mommy in
the classroom you like mommy being home
you don't want to go to work no if you
want mommy to stay home
that means Papa has to go to work okay
listen this okay well that's talking
about it okay so I go to work and I go
away and I do a show people yeah people
are there right I leave and I leave
mommy with all of you mommy takes care
of you she gives you love someone I
leave I trust that you are going to
listen to mommy because she gives you
love okay when you when you were mean to
mommy and you don't listen that hurts me
that makes me feel like I can't leave
and go to work because you don't listen
when I'm not here and then I have to
come home and talk to you because you're
not being nice to money now I want to
pop you I don't have to spank you I
really want you to understand what's
going on here do you understand what's
going on my job as daddy is to protect
mommy Raible VOP and Ania
okay and that even means protecting you
guys from each other when Riya is mean
to you do I tell him to stop
yes okay so that's me protecting you
from Riya okay so you can't be mean to
mommy because that's my wife that's my
wife we have love okay I have love for
you Riya and Naya mommy
well you mean to mommy it shows that
you're not acting
love it shows that you don't have any
love and that is called sin
that's called disobedience right but
disobedience right
equals discipline so you have to be
obedient you can't be disobedient or you
get disciplined okay so listen so this
will be in you get this now our
discipline isn't bad sometimes when you
get disciplined it's good for you
because then you know not to do it again
this right here me talking to you is a
form of discipline I'm not gonna pop you
I want you to understand what's going on
here so if I do pop you again you
understand why okay
