that a game no it's not peanut butter
jelly time what happened to you ah
you're running around he drew up I don't
know again look I do
I very would way I'm dead down Eric I
know but you were running and you threw
up
are you okay oh okay yeah yeah that
wasn't even good oh I have a wicked
what's the look hey guys you guys know
where we're going we're going to the zoo
she got the salt bagel alone
how do you really feel about the kid
being on social media I'm still about
sitting around I don't feel like I'm
just putting her out there by herself I
feel like I'm telling the story of
fatherhood and the experiences between
us and in front of your silly way in
comedic way and all of that but I feel
like it's kind of our story and I'm able
to a say how I want the story to be told
so I don't feel like I'm just kind of
out of control the teachers out there
and just being interpreted however
people think I feel like I'm there still
it's a safety net there because I'm
controlling the way the stories the time
you know I think it's important to you
and I mean same thing like same kind of
discussion we've we've had from your
content to my content where people have
said the importance of it seeing with a
black father who looks like that being
was the same as fatherhood of so many
different forms and so being able to be
an example and show that kind of
overrides my fear of putting her out
there by herself she's on this yeah but
what do you have to tell like other
people who want to do what we're doing
you know Sam and like they have this
invested biggest fucking act right
digress right people that are looking to
do the same thing if you don't feel
comfortable doing a buck don't do it I
had no hesitation at the beginning you
know it's stuff that people brought up
later on but it wasn't a concern it
didn't stop me or slow me down from
starting character action up in the
background so my mother damn who they'll
do their stuff but they do not increase
their kids they don't show their kids so
you got to do what you feel comfortable
with and to me I feel like
so what her is an important part is
showing what the stories of fatherhood
is even though I'm poking fun at it and
making comedy for the most part you know
everybody
so any wrong like event my wife was like
yo you know at first she's very private
person like yeah and she doesn't like to
put us up out there we're not so much
the example as much as we are the proof
right that's being uncomfortable
providing other people freedom it's
really giving them proof in but I do I
can do that too like ah I can get
married like you're not a fan like you
got to listen to workers well I made 50
mothers
wait what can you started ooh bad guys
you can hear people like us say how
important it is but it's you if you
still feel has it tasted about doing it
do not live yeah because it has to be if
you hesitate you're not going to be
authentic just I'm from field right and
so it's still kind of one of those
things you know what is right for you
but I know familiar for people like us
but it's really been been fine and I am
people clear that's a breakfast press
press there they're tired of seeing the
plane stuff they see in the news and to
see an example that yes this can be a
positive experience I can do that
there's people that look like me doing
things that I want to do with the future
that's inspiring so that's why we do it
the immense appreciation here kickin it
with a little bit of court not making it
weird alright alright so my name is
LaGuardia crock my daughter Amaya and I
have a series called we father Chronicle
you could find out on YouTube I started
dad the week that she was born and I
continued that for two years and three
months and it's been an incredible
experience and our kids are trying to
jump to their deaths in the background
and so that's why I do the series to
keep my kid alive
