baby names take one you can either write
mother theme I know I'm gonna put it in
the text
all right you write your first name
don't let me see it I'll write my first
name and first we'll show the camera and
then we'll show each other okay good all
ready mm-hmm
show the camera Edda
I don't like Marvel I don't know you
don't like Marvel but I love the new
Marvel what's Etta I got a James
you don't like edit Marvel can I explain
Marvel yeah go ahead so Marvel is just a
pretty name but hold on really quick let
me just tell you something that's the
problem when you guys are marble it
looks up the comic book series exactly
but listen Marvel needs to be filled
with Wonder or astonishment but for me
Marvel has two meanings because the boys
are into Avengers like crazy and the
baby's coming during the time that
they're into Marvel I mean Avengers you
know what I mean and so I think that
Marvel has a dual little like perfect
the boys would love that name
a beautiful name but I hate it so that's
not what we go with and if your name is
Marvel and you're out there I'm sorry I
don't know what to tell you all right
next next name yes you okay everything
is really pretty illness ready Thanks
what are you coming near yourself no
yours I think
I'm Nadia which means God answered my
prayer for a daughter enzyme means River
I like I like zai I like sighing - I'm
not gonna Frank right and that was the
name we originally came up with but it's
too close to Kai we have a godson his
name is Kai hi next third name Oh
Justine mm-hmm a lot I know I wore if
your name is Justine but I don't like
why I don't have any explanation as to
why oh you want joy to be our daughter's
name
joy is beautiful I know but this is very
simple it's still beautiful
uh all right let's do this did you see
no I did shave me Glen net
I think Lindsey no but why did you write
Lynette because you like putting Glen
and Yvette together no I just you like
this was actually a joke I don't know
nobody ever they oh yeah that's funny
Lynn bet okay I really don't like that
name but the real name that we should
have hold on hold on hold on well is it
Evelyn like Yvette and Glen Evelyn did
you write that name down
no offense there's a lot of Evelyn's are
very immature name so it's kind of like
it's very mature name I know a lot of
you can call her Eddie or then I know a
lot of I know my girls from Lego fast
from previous we recently just had a
discussion and now you're gonna go talk
about the Evelyn's I know but I didn't
have anything doing them I'm just saying
I knew a lot of them they're all were
names there's a lot of named Evelyn okay
I think we're done okay yeah we'll
clapping brilliant daddy you remember
hey sister Joe I need your help
humid let your name below you'll be
paper gonna get a baby if you didn't
understand what I was saying basically
we need help figuring out a name for the
child if you have any names or
suggestions of names all you have to do
is in the comment section below
suggest your name and we will consider
it as one of the names that we name our
first chocolate baby girl which we are
really excited we are really excited to
meet her you should subscribe
