all right ninjas we have a dentist
appointment today
we're gonna go in there we're gonna get
it done okay all right no we're gonna
get it done say ok say ok say ok
did you do it whoa whoa good job
how about you brother good job guys you
guys both did it say thank you you guys
have fun yo you guys did a great job you
guys did a great job at the dentist I'm
really proud of you and really impressed
I'm just really impressed and proud of
you guys been now usually I won't do
this but uh I think we gotta go get a
toy because you guys did such a great
job right do you want to go get a toy
and it's gonna be my gift to you because
I know how awkward and scary the dentist
can be and you guys were very brave and
courageous and strong and I like that
tribe oh how you gonna go to sleep
knowing that we're going to the store to
get a toy you know why we're gonna get a
toy right now why but you did a great
job at the dentist you don't care you
want to go to sleep Riya
okay good eight of sections pie graph so
let me play it straight and complexions
what she liked
yes you with your toys just gonna play
with no no I want you to go to sleep
just sleep with your toys if you promise
not to play with toys okay if you sleep
with your toys just don't play with them
okay you can put them under the covers
and they can go to sleep but you're not
gonna play the dumb okay
right yeah you're gonna blame the toys
no I didn't drop it you dropped it you
broke it oh yeah what's up man should
children be rewarded for doing something
they're expected to do this is out of
character even for me at the dentist
today I was shocked
see I prepared them for what we were
about to do but I wasn't expecting
things to go this well they did exactly
what I told them to do does their
obedience not deserve a reward no it
doesn't but when I think about
everything that I've done and how
disobedient I have been and how much God
has given me I feel like that's the type
of father I should be more grace
unexpected blessings celebrating the
small wins because at any moment it
could all turn back around
protect your life get in the bed now go
to sleep you know to do a lot of holding
to freak yeah
