your job here let's let's put this stuff
together we're gonna put it in our
envelope in envelope open them up
envelope on envelope envelope it what's
up y'all thank you guys for watching
believed for fatherhood a month and a
half ago in August I started dealing
uriah on this Financial Peace University
like journey just to see what if they
would even get the concept of work and
chores and working for money and uh it
caught on it wasn't easy but it caught
on so I want you guys to check out this
episode because in this episode I feel
like it's it's the most important piece
that we're gonna great job cleaning up
your room clearing the table wiping up
spills and now we're gonna do is count
the dollars so hopefully we have
nineteen I don't care buddy I think you
got enough to go get inner fun when
should we take him to go get his done
Theophilus I'm so proud of you reliable
I'm so proud of you you guys worked so
hard to get this money guys are you guys
ready to go I think
taking that first and then when we wake
up from our nap we can go to anti
rattles and then we'll be leave anti
rattle we can go get our blue gun come
here
did you get some candy
you bet if you give them some candy
buddy so enter your thumbs alone amen
sunday is trying to stop talking you're
like oh you're supposed to be sleeping
you know that right go to sleep
no more games be all done okay it's
target here we are
my good you desktop shopping for
yourself come on now you know we're here
for
who wants want me to be Cookie Monster
shoot that one you want to shoot that
one mommy
okay that's only 12 bucks it you still
have more money you could buy something
else later you can save it okay he's
gonna tell you how much it cost we're
gonna do separate transactions every
race yeah yeah okay sorry
yeah financial question how does it feel
that you saved up for your gun hey I
think my gun and I call my back because
I good so you know you what you had to
do to get the gun what did you have to
do oh very good buddy give a high-five I
clean up downstairs
listen listen listen I just wanna let
you know that I'm very proud of you for
working getting some money take that out
of your life you got enough and now that
you have your gun you could play with it
and guess what I don't play with it no
and I said why are you saying thank you
me who did it thank you once again thank
you guys for watching believed for
fatherhood I just want to let you know
that I really appreciate you if you're a
subscriber and you comment this Thursday
I don't want to do this alone I feel
like it would be bad at me just to be
the only one doing this with our kids so
if you're a subscriber to this YouTube
page I want to give you a gift five
family is gonna receive FPU jr. and all
they have to do is just be a subscriber
ramsey solutions donated five full FPU
junior kids you get the bank you get the
games you get the books you get a chore
chart everything that we got you get and
I just want to do that as a giveaway
just because why not
royal family we doing this together so
whether you're for or against it you
know somebody who may benefit from it
you have a niece or cousin or nephew or
your child or anybody who knows they can
to learn more about financial literacy
working hard to get things they want
saving and giving thank you guys for
subscribing and I see you guys on
Thursday
