hey what's going on guys is belief in
belief or fatherhood
today we're going to be talking about
the top three reasons I think it's
important to talk to kids about finances
at a young age reason number one we're
fighting against entitlement when I walk
through the store with my kids they see
something they want they go I want that
I want that I want that I want that
and when I say buddy we're not gonna get
that right now they freaked out they cry
because they feel like they want it so
they should have it and so what I'm
fighting against is the fact that when
you see something that you want you
deserve it
um like for instance when I first
started this YouTube page I thought that
as soon as I put out my content I was I
should get you know a hundred thousand
subscribers like I thought that was the
thing like that was what I felt entitled
to because I feel like the content was
good I don't think I put enough work in
to deserve a hundred thousand
subscribers you know what I mean I don't
even think I put enough work into the
eleven thousand subscribers but I'm very
grateful
the point is I'm fighting against
entitlement because I have entitlement
issues you know we all have entitlement
issues as a culture and if we could
teach our kids that at a young age to
fight off that entitlement and work for
everything you get I just think that's a
plus reason number two work ethic we
believe it's important for our kids to
know how to work hard vo and you're
right are cleaning or they're picking up
their toys they don't feel like doing it
I remember just last week I was trying
to get the O motivate field to do his
chores and you kept saying maybe another
day hey buddy you want to clean up your
room now maybe another day I'm like look
man if you want to get the blue gun that
you want so bad you got to clean up the
room because I'm not going to get it
it's important to teach our kids that
hard work pays off when you work hard
for something you get results whether
it's in the gym or if it's at work over
just cleaning or doing something or
polishing any craft hard work is gonna
be the best payoff for anything and it's
not it doesn't just go for money reason
number three we want to teach our kids
responsibility when you get
thing that you work for we treat it
differently you know what it took to get
it you know how hard you had to bust
your butt to get that thing whatever
that thing is whether it's hardwood
floors or it's a blue gun or it's a
house you know how hard you had to work
to get that so you treat it different
you treat it with care you take care of
it and that's what I'm hoping to instill
with our children and just to let you
know this is not a paid advertisement
Dave Ramsey and those guys did not give
me money to endorse this product
my brother-in-law brought him here
bought this for his nephews because he
works for Dave Ramsey he knows the value
I'm a huge fan a financial piece I think
it's an amazing program and the reason
why I think this program is so important
is because it took me forever to learn
about finances I've never learned about
this stuff in high school I never
learned about in the middle school or
college a little bit of college a
vehicle - I never learned about it and
learning work ethic learning
responsibility you learn how to take
care of your finances early it's nothing
wrong with that now I'm not trying to
produce money hungry children that's not
the goal the goal is to teach kids
responsibility what I do like about this
program is that it's it's very open so
when you order the full kit you don't
just get the spinning envelope in the
chore charts you get like little
achievement stickers and also you can
order like this the savings bank that
has like a section for giving a section
for saving in a section for spending and
you can teach the kids how to
appropriately like proportion all of
their money so that they can also be
giving and saving for other things - I
just can't wait to see if deal because
he still hasn't saved up all the money
if he is going to like what it feels
like to give money to a cashier pay for
your own toy like that I feel like that
moment is gonna be great
so if you're wondering why I took Theo
to the store with 75 cents to get a nerf
gun when I knew he couldn't afford it is
because I know that but he didn't know
so he has to learn a lesson he has to
get it in his mind that oh just because
I do a couple chores doesn't mean I'm
going to get what I want I still have to
work harder for that and so that lesson
is important it's for him that that's
his lesson and I can't tell him that but
he actually got a chance to see what he
wanted he put it in his hands and he
knew that he was only hard work away
that's all we are sometimes we have to
remember there were just a couple days
of hard work away sometimes months of
hard work away and it took him a while
to save up this money so he's almost
there but I shot that episode the
beginning of September you know what I
mean so he's been working hard this
whole time and saving up his money so
yeah I could have took him to the dollar
store and been like hey yeah spend 75
cents and get yourself a piece of candy
and this is a good way to start but I
don't want my kids spending money on
candy I want them to have big goals big
dreams something that's out of reach
something they actually have to work for
so that's just my take on why it's
important to start kids on finances
early if you're interested in getting
anything else from Dave Ramsey I'll put
the link below to the kit from our
amazon page I'll link the Dave Ramsey
website below that has the full
financial piece jr. packet and if you're
also if you're interested in taking this
class financial piece it's amazing you
will really enjoy it too my wife and I
actually paid off twelve thousand
dollars in debt in six months we first
took the class then we started having
babies and freaked out so I'm hoping
that we can get back on the right track
paying off all our debt that's pretty
much it and I will see you on Monday
I actually have to apologize to everyone
who's been sending me things I opened up
a bunch of packages and then Mariah
broke my hard drive and so now I don't
have the footage of the opening their
product but thank you so much - um smadi
potty and gillian and uh justice ponder
oh this is uh Mel time
how cool is that
she's gonna love it thank you keep up
the greatness
all we ask isn't we're mostly well thank
you guys so much and I will wear host
