okay once you go get your money feel
okay are you talking about listen this
right here is called Shore chart you
know what it sure is wha what's it sure
me chores are work that you have to do
to get money let's bow okay so listen
how do you get money you have to work
exactly Financial Peace University this
is from Dave Ramsey oh yeah
FMLA right okay you gonna work right you
so here what I'm trying to do is we're
gonna try to figure out what Shores you
should do okay yeah I'm gonna get some
money okay okay so every time you do a
chore you're gonna get 25 cents 30 point
okay so this starts tomorrow
what okay so tomorrow you can make some
money are you happy what are you ready
to work yeah yeah give me high five high
five right
okay goodnight
what choice did you just do what did you
do
clear the table clear the table
and that's how much you get for 25 cents
oh this is your money no money so here
we're help put it right here
what else did you do pick up toys you
didn't pick up any toys you didn't clean
up your toys so you don't get money for
that you get money for you picked up
your clothes you put your bib away and
you wiped up spills watch out
mommy did that yesterday here so this is
wiping up spills you did that today oh
I'm sorry sorry right right turn right
turn baba so I I don't know why I was -
captain Rick a mess and then only me but
I'm asking to be a bad guy gun right do
PU you can only get one toy right now
you need more money okay so you have to
work and get more money okay you gonna
get it done is that what you want to get
is a gun oh I like okay you want that
one oh you want that one okay look look
how much it costs
you got to see if you have enough money
that's a lot of money though you finna
be so heartbroken come on let's go ask
somebody if you have enough money okay
take that grab it let's walk excuse me
sir can you help me out real quick okay
um this is steel key uh you say hi to
you okay
so feel just started chore chart and
he's working for money okay
so this is how much money he made can
you show him what toy you want showing
which one you want
point which one is it if you can't talk
to him you can't get it okay you can't
talk okay nevermind thank you say bye
okay let's sit back in our seat we're
gonna go bye-bye happen oh wait wait
wait why are you crying baby wait a
minute what happened you were supposed
to talk to him and ask her how much it
costs
well you have to ask him tell him which
one you want okay it's up to you
we're gonna leave now okay let's ask
them here you gonna point to it huh over
there where oh this one so this on
$79.99 and you have 75 cents so you're
gonna need 79 24 yeah so you got to work
harder so you can get more money is that
the one you want deal maybe we should
pick a smaller one you can really hold
okay let's find another one that's
cheaper that we could probably get
sooner here let's look let's look but
you gotta put it back you don't have
enough money for
why because you didn't work hard enough
buddy you only got you didn't want to do
the chores remember so you got to work
in order to do you get your money how
does that feel
do you want to work huh you want to go
home and do more work so you can make
more money yeah okay if you get if you
get twenty dollars then you can probably
come back here and get something okay
let's take a picture of the one we want
okay today um y'all did chores and so he
said he was a little too stoned by a gun
so a nerf gun uh-huh he asked the guy
how much the gun cause the guy said of
this gun right here this gun called out
$79.99 and you have 75 cents if you're
so messed up I knew he didn't have that
much money Flynn you're teasing him how
much easy I don't know I get it I get it
I get what you're trying to do you took
him there was 75 cents I was wondering
what kind of chores you do because I
walked in the house of the mess hey guys
thank you for watching bleed for fun all
right hey guys thank you for watching
belief in fatherhood
tune in next Monday to see if Theo saves
up enough money to get his blue gun also
if you want to know more about Financial
Peace University Dave Ramsey please
click the link below financial piece of
financial piece junior are great ways
for you to get out of debt save money
and do all those things my wife and I
are currently working on getting out of
debt saving up for a couple things that
we need right now and to that point I
like to go in and offer you an
opportunity if you find this content
valuable or if you find it something you
want to invest in please go ahead and
click the donate button or our tip jar
it's right here and give as much as you
want give as little as you want
everything helps we're coming up on a
year's worth of episodes so October 19th
marks a year the first week of November
I'm gonna open up our patreon I was
gonna give people early access to our
videos
Internet that's when that's starting and
I'll have a link to that soon anyway
have a great week
protect your life peace
