all right your eyes falling asleep today
we are headed down to San Diego Food
Festival
at Waterfront Park right at nap time
right at nap time
so your eyes falling asleep but I wanted
to check in with you because last week
we put out the videos for us finding out
we were pregnant as you know
I was calculating everything that was
going to happen and everything that had
to prepare myself for
really I kind of want to organize it
tell you the five most important things
you're supposed to do you find out your
wife's pregnant first thing you do go to
the doctor go to the doctor you confirm
I don't trust the test I need to make
sure the baby's really in there before
she starts slacking off so we are
running late for our ultrasound
appointment
we're supposed to be there at 7:15 7:29
relate regardless and all because he
then decides that she wants to be photos
so she only charged a $75 and I just
think this is that the back of the baby
Ryan you want to go get on a train
yeah you want to get on the train to the
oh yeah does that sound like something
fun to do okay we're gonna go get on the
train so unfortunately the train is not
running today
come on San Diego this is ridiculous you
have the worst public transportation
system if any city I've ever been to
now you made our kids cry come on Theo
let's get back in the car we got to
drive down we're gonna sit in traffic
that's how fun we need to file a
complaint something we're gonna try to
make it down to this place yeah I want
to give something what I want to see
some freaking exotic food so rule number
two
when you first find out your wife's
pregnant I think you go to the store and
get all of her favorite snacks the
rookie mistake is going and like say she
likes sour patch kids going and getting
like one big old thing of sour patch
kids I wouldn't do that it's not like
she wants to get full on this snack she
just wants a little bit of this and did
you say that's their first pregnancy I
made a mistake and she's like they don't
really want apple pie and so I go to the
store and I buy big apple pie I make the
apple pie and see to have like a slither
and ice cream and then I'm sitting there
I'm not gonna waste any apple pie you
just talk eyes well buddy when I get an
ice cream right now maybe we guys cream
it's a mall room night
okay so when you find out you're
pregnant it's a really joyous time or it
can be a little shocking but what you
want to do is you want to tell people
who you know are going to be happy for
you you know what I'm saying hey granny
we're pregnant
all right so you finally made it to our
destination number four the rule is this
accept the fact that you're about to
become a slave so prepare yourself
make a schedule be strict to your
schedule if you have other kids
basically you're responsible for taking
care of the kids while your wife is
growing another one inside of her
okay so the last thing you want to do
when you find out your wife's pregnant
number five it's really the first thing
you do you allow her to get some rest
she's thrown a baby inside of her and
that just takes a lot energy and she's
exhausted especially for the first three
months you're supposed to let her relax
let her rest let her get enough sleep
and prepare yourself because there's a
lot of work to be done
okay is everyone good right you good
we got catchphrase in the trunk or
something keeps hitting it so
I'm a slave bonus bonus bonus bonus
expand expand your library make sure
that you understand that you don't
understand anything and you probably
won't but books will help you get to a
place where you feel more comfortable
for both of you but basically get ready
because your life is about to change for
the better
eventually life immediately is gonna get
really intense
while I'm up to tell the story of why we
have to pull over right now you look at
the higher
oh wow that'll be cool time lapse so do
we have to stop right now because Theo
has to go potty you have the potty in
the trunk so we're gonna pull over and
you guys can watch these hot-air
balloons what Theo takes fish what a
piss because that's what it is I'm
sitting here why did you just throw it
in the dirt the cards you're gonna feet
way she she she took the peat and threw
it underneath the car but I was putting
a deal in the seat and the pee got all
over my bag off foot
