oh I feel loved okay
if you marry you can relate to what I'm
about to say um last night
Glen confronted me about issues we had
with me when he was talking about it it
was hard to hear but after the fact once
I got over my pride I could understand
what he was saying and I knew what he
was saying I kind just let him say what
he said and I was like I hear you and
that was that and then there's warning
he woke up and we haven't really been
talking and it's probably mostly a me
issue but I'm sure there's just you know
that natural tension after truth is
spoken at a marriage today has been a
rough day in the midst of the day I
experienced Aspen earlier pain that I
experienced during both of my
pregnancies so on my way home from my
day I went to CVS and I purchased some
tests and because my husband is a
videographer I decided that I should
document this experience I went cheap I
didn't go 99 cents or Dollar Tree cheap
but I went cheap okay I'm recording this
the wrong way so I have to say all about
war again so as a woman there are just
some things that you know I knew that I
was pregnant mind you I should add that
we've been trying to get pregnant for a
while actually I haven't been that long
this happened
pretty bad
just in case you didn't catch it I can't
even focus on it if I gotta do it this
one hook the plus sign I just hope it's
a girl like right now I don't even know
how I feel I'm bummed because I know
that Glenn and I are beefing and I don't
want to be with you I want to be able to
hang this and I really want to find a
really cool way to tell her this and of
course I can capture it on camera but
then the question is like who do I tell
right now I'm literally the only person
that knows and I don't want to tell
anyone else before I tell Glenn this is
a really hard secret to keep and I'm
literally been keeping you for maybe an
hour I don't know
but do you want to know something my
husband just of course I told you guys
we're having issues right now we're
actually we've actually talked about him
a little bit in the conversation Glenn
said something he said I'm even really
know if I want to have another child
right now a lot off and Here I am having
just found out that I think so I know
that he doesn't all I mean that but I
know that he some delay needs that and
is totally fine I understand I had felt
that way as well but I wanted to be
happy the boys room right now is the
best mostly because all of their toys
but I'm already in here looking like
okay you gotta get a bun fit then we're
gonna put a crib over here maybe we can
turn the closet into a mini room because
it's kind of spacious I don't know but
babbling you gonna fit in this house
because I'm going to be probably doing
random videos over the course of the
next few days because I'm trying to
figure out how I'm going to toggle
all right we're about to go get Raya buh
a new car seat these guys have no idea
being in a baby store right now when I'm
pregnant
I'm seriously having a hard time walking
through the store
there's so much cute baby girl stuff I
just got so your nav virus right now
because we're about to get a new car
secret right and when we pull up there's
an expectant mothers parking space and I
was like oh babe you can go ahead park
there okay shut up
I don't know
anywho we're about to buy this car seat
Mariah so look out for it and believe
you Potter had episode so I've never
been good at keeping secrets from my
husband I can't keep the secret longer I
literally known that I'm pregnant
I'm struggling I'm gonna have your right
where they shirt and give on the
pregnancy test
I'm finally dressed and ready to go and
do everything I get right a dress he's
dressed too with his Big Brother shirt
huh
and he loses the stick I gave it to him
so that he could give it to his papa oh
I found it look at where I'm finding
this thing right now gosh it blended in
so well all right here right with that
well I was trying to get it to work
scripture talks about loving patient
kind humble honorable selfless
mild-tempered honest protective hopeful
and persevering it's crazy because when
I think about how the Lord defines love
and I reflect on the person he has
blessed me to spend the rest of my life
with they are one in the same the truth
is as we ventured into Parenthood my
husband has excelled and waved I didn't
even think to dream of in the future
father of my children he has filled gaps
in places where I couldn't and can't as
a mother and it's been remarkable to
witness my no means do I wish to
describe it myself as a mother however I
will say that we as parents complement
each other well good is not perfect I
don't say this is my him at all I say it
to say that while he is killing it as a
husband and a father we all have areas
of improvement so this expression that
you see on his face does not surprise me
at all
my husband has a desire to have it
figured out before he moves forward
sometimes while I like to just jump
right in and figure it out as I go at
times these two ideals don't always mesh
however I have an overwhelming
confidence that we are cut out to be
parents
and what the Lord wouldn't continue to
bless his fun in my eggs which he didn't
believe as well
so Glenn David Henry I believe in you I
believe in us I believe in this unborn
child and I'm grateful to get to
populate the world with you so I'll take
this goofy look on your face over you
springing away in the opposite direction
any day thank you for your patience your
kindness your humility your selflessness
your perseverance and your love my wife
the boy is like this unborn child's life
is better because you're leading us so
as your stomach if that's even a word
turns into excitement let's be about our
father's business taking care of his
family while glorifying I love you so
the secret is out I can't really keep
secrets from Glenn anyway so he knows
and I don't know how he feels but he
knows yay
you
