13 years ago I moved out to California
and I was very nervous scared it was
culture shock
I didn't know if I would be accepted by
the people here or if my interest would
change but it's something freeing about
being able to relocate and survive but
one thing about being in a different
environment is that you have no idea
what is gonna happen or who you wanna
meet
what is it about chess I know at first
when I started playing it just seemed
like all the older individuals inside
the building they just played it like
they like this on the line I remember
they used to play they used to play for
booty scoops you know I'm saying
Beyonce's yeah like what's that you know
how people be sagging so you have to
pull your pants down to a sag to wear
your underwear you still got your
underwear on but you got a scoop you got
to pull your your heels in school you
plan for like 250 push-ups or like 15
booty scoops some people just like man
I'll just do the booty scoop picking at
it ain't it ain't nothing and then on
your booty all scabbed up you came you
can't sit on the boob like you want at
night mr. bathroom or like people play
for Beyonce's which is like you know
that you know that dance is huge that
she did in that one video she put her
hands on the wall and she lived back and
she kind of like be bouncing her booty
they may do this play for that made
themselves play for that anybody make
nobody do nothing they just say if you
want to play me if you lose you got to
do 15 Beyonce
you don't send do be right but they want
to play you know I'm saying like it when
I started beating an individual and so
that's what at this table that's what's
on the line at every chess game there's
something on the line bragging rights
push-ups money in this game with chess
is no different I've known Timothy for
18 months and four days the reason why I
know that is because Timothy keeps track
of time differently now I mentioned we
had something on the line in this game
we're both playing for the same reasons
I already knew I wasn't gonna win this
game but I wasn't sure
when we first all right I actually
didn't think we were gonna be this close
and how close is that like actual real
friends I thought this was like an
acquaintance thing I didn't really
expect it to manifest into anything
legitimate and I say that because not
that I I had anything against you but
well you know when I heard that you were
in prison for years I definitely wanted
to keep you at a safe distance but still
help you don't I'm saying because you
know that seems like the good the good
thing to do you think you would have
been keeping yourself safe from I don't
know why it was more my family yes you
know what I'm saying like my kids like I
have three children and yeah I didn't
know I didn't know like you know what
was gonna manifest when you you know you
I was already coming over for the life
group but then you know I'm saying like
you started like you were trusting me
with throwing your kids up in the air
you know I'm saying like we didn't come
up to me and be like hey bro
you don't seem like you just let me be
me around them you know saying so that's
like I think I just don't think that
you're it was a selfish judgment but
since we're speaking on prison in
I kind of wanted to know what was your
like how did you end up there
I live the life of crime both in my mind
and in real time and it seems sublime
but that was my reality and that give
his life of mine for three times the
color blue this recert of Ali is is true
trapped in an active battle no way Gabi
Timothy took me back to the house he
grew up in we walked the streets where
he played as a child and we passed a
park he got put on it as I discovered
more about him and his upbringing I'm
realizing that we are only a choice of
two away from one another I started to
wonder do we really have much control
over how we turn out or are we mostly
products of our environment
but the one how does it feel being right
here
oh man it's crazy I remember I took a
picture the police got an arrow I mean I
took a picture right there when I was
young man like maybe seven six years old
I didn't realize till I was younger I
mean till I was older but I was standing
right where it said DBC spray painted on
the ground it had no it had no clue you
know I'm saying that I would end up
affiliated with that to such a degree
that I would but yeah I was looking
through some flicks one time and I seen
it on the ground like what the heck I
was a little bitty puppy man yeah this
is where I learn how to shoot my first
fool I got into my first fight I kissed
my first girl this one got my first rock
bite
god bless upside my head with a big ol
rock a white boy he just nota threw
rocks I didn't know how to throw rocks
like that I thought I knew what I was
doing gonna know how to throw a football
as you got to a rock a different way
it's a real-life sandbox right here bro
it's one of 1967 boxes man
this looked like the yard if I can
imagine this looks like a prison that's
how they had us man young ladies didn't
even realize it
it was almost like it was training yeah
that's how they was all developed stray
monkey bars and it we already call them
that it is monkey bars
you know this was you were the leader of
a gang in Oceanside right like something
put you there like more more than one
thing it was a series of events I think
I would have to go all the way back to
where I was like first introduced to
like fear and probably when I went out
first and I was very first experience
and type of trauma and that's one my
pops that no poor I'm not gonna bang
while I'm gonna blame my whole gangbang
career on that one trauma because there
was several there were things that
happen Nevermore
you know hideous the net you know I'm
saying but my dad leaving and saying
he'll be back the way he said it in a
way that it all happened kind of like
introduced me to you know a feeling I
had never felt before like I felt
uncomfortable with that because he had
never pretty much said you know hey I'm
not to go to the store tell me what you
want like it was always me just going
with him because I had something in it
something in me like told me like he
wasn't coming back and I think that was
just sick here the father was I didn't
fear did though I felt that feeling and
I've identified it as fear now like just
the fear of unknowing what was gonna
take place I didn't want to feel that
feeling no more you don't say anything
you know I began to look for him in
other ways amongst other things that
happen within my own like
you know my mom and her addiction you
know my grandparents and them trying to
adapt life started changing inside my
household so I started kind of like and
it was always always great always joyful
always at least from what I can see as a
child you know once my sister and I
began to really really like we were
receiving what we once were in the house
outside of the home
we just we both in one way or another
really beginning to grab ahold of
anything that gave us attention and
anything that made us feel loved
anything that made us feel a sense of
purpose what I had to do to keep myself
from feeling that way it was had to do
with hurting other people unfortunately
I had like when I met you I was like
okay here are the rules
I'm not finished do it over my house you
know what I'm saying like but you would
talk about he wanted to come record and
I'm like dang and it wasn't like I'm
just thinking about like I had to see it
from my wife's perspective yeah and so I
think in a real sense I had a fear of
the threat of your past you know saying
like everything that you've been you
went through I wore it like how am I
gonna get past this hurdle because I
know it's a I know some human being here
you know what I'm saying when I look at
my son's eyes it's different when I look
at my daughter and you know saying we'll
be fresh in having a baby and all this
stuff and so yeah man I guess I
I kind of have to apologize because of
how I judged you in the beginning and
put up this wall that immediately was
taken down because of like what God has
allowed me to but do you believe your
judgment was selfish though like I mean
cuz that was the righteous judgment like
you have a family man
I just don't think that it was a selfish
judgment I mean I think anybody in their
right mind would you know would we just
want to be careful check with what's
being allowed around around their family
especially like your family yeah yeah
but it was like just by just the fact
that you're a black man mm-hmm and I'm
having this like internal dilemma why do
you think that is the whole - why do you
think we have to it that's like common
do you get nervous when you see another
black minute real talk I'm gonna be
honest it's like it's not like a nervous
like I'm scared of you you know it's so
weird it's like this weird especially
like when I came home after being gone
for so long and I knew that I was coming
home to a different type of Oceanside it
kind of you know it makes me nervous to
interact in some senses because it's
like I look like I look and you can say
some you can see sometimes it's like say
what's up to somebody and they just look
at you
and they don't say what's up back and it
you don't know why you nee and you begin
to entertain insecurities like him like
well I think I was talking about one
time I was running in the park and I ran
past you know you know I ran past a
bunch of people but I ran past these two
brothers and I went over past one
and he just I said what's up he just
looked at me and look right back down in
his book I was like okay so approach in
the next one I was like apprehensive of
even saying what's up but right before I
could even entertain the thought of
saying like don't say what's up just
keep pushing bro cuz you gonna throw
your run off he was like what's up homie
you know I'm saying like and I was like
aw what's up you know I'm saying threw
my hand out there pound him and kept
pushing you know I'm saying didn't know
each other nothing but it's interesting
is that you ran past him one dude said
he didn't say anything and he made you
reluctant to say what's up to the next
ball to me that you occurred the next
the next guy you ran into to be more
excited to see the next brother who
probably was still ignorant you know I
mean so the answer is the answer is uh
the answer is yes then you do you do
feel some type of way sometimes when you
run into other black men I feel like
fear is a choice and it's funny because
the same way I thought about Timothy
after hearing about his past people feel
the same way about me just because of
what I look like I often wonder after my
oldest son was seen on Billboard's all
across the world he's adorable now but
sooner or later he's gonna fit the
description of someone who you're used
to fearing so what is a solution
everyone has a right to be known to be
seen and to be heard before they're
judged because walking under depressions
of other people's assumptions makes you
feel so alone
after being out of prison for a little
over a year Timothy's life dramatically
changed we used the skills the American
prison to start his high-level training
pilot in touch with a fight bacteria
he's a part of a local community that
supported he has mentors and mentees and
he's expecting his first child by his
fiancee now I will call him a success
but the people in the community have
really ones because not only have they
earned a friend and a brother they know
the power of their community and by you
being the change in someone else's life
that someone can turn around and change
yours be the change
ha
yes his first day out of the
penitentiary or four quarter of a
century in the giving them ours you just
wanna make it out uh so we split there's
no virus in the site for the showi got
bars
