if you don't follow me on snapchat
that's fine you're here and I'm gonna
explain to you why I'm so upset today
why why I'm not worried okay so it's
time to get up now
what today started out great good
morning chocolate babies normal
breakfast was normal I want to go see my
dad he works pretty close to my house at
high school so today we came to see my
dad he works very close to my house
at high school which was cool for me
because the kids got to run around a
little bit our next stop was the park
riot be careful if you climbed all the
way up there by yourself buddy good job
you did it do peed on himself Hey
you peed on yourself yes did all this is
urine but that's like pee is light I can
do pee pees easy poop is what I hate
hung out with my buddy Cornell and his
son Ellis Ellis our kids had a mandate
Uriah felt like four times what did you
just fall how far did you fall from okay
did you fall you fell on your face
around two o'clock the kids got tired
and so I know it was time to get them
ready for that guy right so I'd do the
same thing I do every time we're about
to go to bed I sing the bedtime song hey
buddies buddies it's bedtime now
hey Neal starts crying well that's the
interesting face
he continues crying he doesn't really
stop crying
I gotta wipe your butt and you're crying
why but I successfully put both kids
down to sleep okay and a hug now while
the kids were sleeping we had a life
insurance appointment you don't have
life insurance please get life insurance
if you die die well okay like leave
something behind don't leave your family
with a bunch of dead dead I just want to
die well so in this appointment you know
they do usual procedure and it'll focus
they ask you a bunch of questions about
your medical history they check your
height you're doing yeah I did but I
went to the blood fill out some
paperwork up of these pop right out pee
in the cup it's got a little spout port
into tubes
whatever you have for half one and half
in the other but be careful they fill up
real quick they check your weights and
this is where everything kind of turned
for me see it turns out that when I
stepped on the scale the scale read but
before I pee in this Cup
I got bad news all right Donuts like the
shorts thing you know saying I want to
die well it turns out I'm a hundred
ninety four pounds
that's crazy
190 190 190 your husband is 194 pills
that's 200 pounds I'm only five seven
that's a lot of weight I didn't know I
was that heavy and so that's kind of
where my date would sell maybe if I get
a bunch of grapes you track a bunch of
water
lettuce I don't know
you see nobody talking about words and I
what we hit trying to figure out I knew
I was tripping when I did this that's
how I knew I was really in my feelings
hey was this in your mouth
excited to freak out a little bit I went
outside old man I'm trying to figure
this out
so look figure this out
someone described me I don't even know
what that was about
they were trying to say who I was and my
homey said that they said Oh black
doodleball you know glasses but he
heavyset and heavyset is one of those
terms that people use to say that you're
fat heavy said so what I think that
means is that I'm set in heaviness I
don't want to be heavy oh when I want to
blame my wife - I want to blame my
children blame the life of a rapper I
this is just what I get I can't blame my
wife or my children or the life of a
rapper I'm just got to blame me because
I'm a freaking glutton most irritating
part is that I used to be I used to be
like when you become again
your moobs start to like hang and you
get like a little crevice and then your
bellybutton get deeper and so my wife
has been lying to me telling me she
loves the way I look I just rather her
just say dude your fact what a good
German
it will hurt my feelings but the hardest
part is that like I have no one to roll
with to the gym but I'll need none of
y'all cuz I'm gonna do this myself oh my
get a little vulgar I think I'm gonna
start cursing out every food that I
don't like and I shouldn't be eating
what the heck's going on in here what
are you guys doing
Theophilus go downstairs need a little
me time
just a little time to focus you know 180
wasn't that big of a deal I knew that I
could do something about being 180
really close to 200 and I don't really
know I just I guess I'm just surprised
and that's the hard part is I didn't
know if and I knew I was getting fat in
the face because when I take the picture
like this my ears disappeared you
wouldn't even know I had here I don't
know so these are the ears that should
exist I guess what I'm really trying to
say is that I don't want moves and I
don't want moves and I don't want to
look like Rick Ross in that picture
where he's chilling oh I want to see my
ears I don't want my ears to be
non-existent when I'm looking at
somebody in his face I don't know what
my bellybutton to be are deep but I
don't want a really deep bellybutton
that people think is an abyss
I think what I want to say is that I
need accountability from you snappers I
need I'm gonna be stepping on a scale
and I just want you to see the progress
actually yeah I don't know if I really
want to do that little dusty o JN moment
of truth part in the hem of time 194 do
you feel that any way responsible for
what you've done to me know anyone who
blames their wife for their weight gain
is a buster
and they should be beat up that's fine
that's why I like my wife and you want
to fight
i'ma lose cuz I'm fat okay you know I
have a video due tomorrow
oh shoot your breath smells interesting
beets carrots apples into
I don't know what it tastes like and you
know what I don't care I've already
tasted enough good stuff in my life how
someone describes you is important the
big question for me is what are they
gonna say about you when you're gone
when you're not around and when someone
describes the me is heavy sect I don't
want to be heavy say and I just kind of
like have this epiphany that like I
don't really know if I am who I want to
be described as that was a lot I don't
really know what that I don't really
know what I accomplished today except
for like kind of stress myself out
I'm us right now so stop and get a nice
thing I get claustrophobic in this
