yeah okay you can play as soon as we're
done okay what's your favorite why do
you love playing in the toilet so much I
don't know yeah okay so why do you guys
like playing in the toilet okay
what Ellen wait and you're charting okay
but why but I like getting the pinch
okay
I'm acting quick okay patient ah okay so
do you guys want a sister so you don't
want a sister well I wouldn't affect
their you want a sister oh my family why
do you guys like playing with powder so
much I want it okay but why why do you
want to touch it
feel okay enough feel it's already in
your face Oh mommy you pooped did you
pull you did did you poop this residue
that that's weird
okay what's it like being a stay-at-home
dad
it's fun it's rewarding and it's really
challenging and it's a little
overwhelming um just because mostly
because I work too you know and so you
know being a dad is my job I still have
to do something else you know I still
have to work after that so it's very
like challenging I'm tired like but it's
definitely fun and so like that Shin why
aren't you staying home um how did we
come to that decision okay so when would
come home pretty much every day and I'd
ask him how do you day cuz I was you ask
your husband or your spouse when you
come home and he he would basically tell
me stop asking me how you made my day
way it was awful rough it was obvious
that he did not enjoy his job and it
actually became jobs because it was kind
of one job after he other but nothing
actually quite settled or was fulfilling
for him and so uh given his lack of
happiness or
those jobs and then just not trusting
the daycare provider and the fact that
we actually became pregnant with your
AIA it was like we can't afford child
care for or we could but it will be good
income pretty much solely going toward
child care so we decide you know it'll
be best if our children were raised by
one of us and I'm working a career that
I actually like and enjoy and I have
benefits and so um we decided that I'll
be vested Glenn were the one to stay at
home you have to continually refer kids
you don't have to call me belief but
it's gonna be weird
Willie no one knows Glynnis it's not
that I was like complaining about my job
I just didn't want anything to do with
it you know as he left it was like I'm
gone yeah like please don't remind me
that I worked there like the whore money
would have to be at tomorrow morning
like don't mind me would have to be in
on Monday and I just felt and just kind
of I was doing working so now I feel
like my work has a purpose you know
washing the dishes means something
cooking dinner means something changing
diapers mean something teaching my
children driving to the park oh that is
valuable you know and I didn't really
feel very valued at any other job
because anybody else can come in and do
that
and you know I asked him how his day is
now like when I come home he'll actually
tell me how his day was sometimes I get
to catch it on snapchat guys yeah yeah
snapchat behind snaps and so the music
what I'm gonna try to do actually what
I'm going to do I'm gonna put out a song
every Friday on my soundcloud page and
here is the link right here and also
below in the description I'm just trying
to make some good music for you guys so
I hope you guys appreciate it
also if you can tell we are fitted in
belief of fatherhood merch I also have a
link below so you can cop that if you
want to support if you want to support
what we do like the the production value
of this vlog everything is done very
grassroots all iPhones I just got this
little ring light that helps if you're
denied look beautiful
yes know there's dancing whatever okay
yes mobile what
nothing I haven't brushed my teeth so I
hadn't brush my teeth but I won't move
it like rolling your face
