grapes bananas but unfortunately I smell
powder where is the powder no well where
did you put it with white wit where did
it stand still stand here stand oh is
this it
you guys emptied this out you did all
that damage to yourself remember the
last time you guys play with powder and
you got a spanking when I spank you this
time dust is going to fly everywhere
they get into mischief together they
dance do what do you say they share they
play fight they real fight
they do everything together they are
inseparable what is their closeness
preventing Raya from being an individual
oh I have a philosophy about the
second-born oh come on right you don't
get enough alone time with mama or Papa
little popper yeah yeah yeah listen you
begin to mimic everything your brother
does what by box yeah so you're actually
becoming like a spinoff of Theo oh right
right but I don't want you to be a
spinoff I want you to be you yeah yes
I've been kind of struggling with how to
get to know you better and the only way
I can figure that out is to spend more
time with you but the only thing is you
and your brother are always around each
other and sometimes like right now where
he's sleeping he hasn't even gotten up
from the bay yet it helps me get to know
you
yeah you really want to use ah go get me
a diaper that time is becoming more of a
sacred time for myself instead of an
opportunity to get to know each child
individually and so I've been watching
Ryan become a spinoff of Theo instead of
becoming Uriah and whatever way that is
and they're almost inseparable so it's
difficult yeah life's right there buddy
on the floor thank you you just drop the
phone yeah anyway I've been watching
your eye you become a spinoff
instead of becoming himself and for me
that isn't really working I want to get
to know him better but I also don't want
to jeopardize naptime
so I think a couple times a week I'm
just going to put them to bed at
different times so that I can get to
know you Riya specifically because deal
has already had time alone with us he's
already been an only child but Raya
hasn't felt like what it's like to live
without Thiel and his whole life isn't
going to be with thee o so does that
make any sense Linda turtle why
the finest ingredients are right in the
mix when Theo was born everything
stopped we slowed everything down we got
scared we got excited but we took a halt
to adjust and change our focus when
Rodger was born everything sped up we
just kind of shifted our focus we didn't
stop we just adapted and so did he
see he's never had a time where he was
the only child and he could be the
center of attention and so to get
attention he mimics we noticed it and we
were kinda at a loss of what to do next
until I realized that giving him
one-on-one attention will be beneficial
for his identity
we definitely have hopes that our
children will be a team they'd work
together but not at the risk of losing
themselves or their independence however
being the second born does come with its
benefits
you see Araya is way more generous to do
is because he's never known life without
him
overall we're glad that they're friends
but our heart for each child is to know
themselves but it's hard to get to know
yourself when you don't have any time to
hey thankfully there thank you guys so
much for the shirts and hooking it up
with the kid sizes
