see as a stay-at-home parent you wake up
tired okay let's go ready to seize the
day sometimes things happen to try to
rob you of your joy you know how did you
drop down on the floor I know that but
now it's no more yogurt so what are you
gonna eat steal your sense of peace no I
don't stink well I do stink I'm on the
toilet I just want some privacy but you
just keep on singing girl the fetch a
pail of water Jack fell down and broke
his crown and Jill came tumbling after
believing that you can actually
accomplish the things you put your minds
that's a lie because the day actually
belongs to them fall you do what they
want you're feeding the Ducks goldfish
ducks went bye-bye you do what you need
I just realized almost out of gas and I
hope I don't run out of gas because
deals gonna have to push and hopefully
they cooperate pump pumps you guys gonna
help hobbit pick out some groceries
thanks boss
no that's called bok choy but you get
ambitious sometimes and think that you
can actually do what you want to do we
just left the grocery store now we're
going to get movie tickets for date
night it's a family day as soon as you
devise a plan you get tired you run out
of patience
okay well you don't have to go I'll get
you want somebody to come watch you you
want babysitter do you want to come to
the movies well mommy and Papa okay
might get a little out of character have
so much to do why not just get it done
okay I gotta need another energy drink
make it get the dishes done because I
still have to shoot the food for thought
either tomorrow or two no you
accomplished your goal thank you keep
packing up as small as possible because
we're sneaking it into the movies you
always learned a valuable lesson
Oh as for the burger mover Wolcott I'd
say movies I don't want to get caught
with the food and you kicked out we're
not breaking the law we're just breaking
the rules I took the kids to see Captain
America Civil War we had a couple
success stories we saw his utopia we saw
a jungle book we saw Kung Fu Panda 3
thank you
let's go but this was different
see this is moving me and my wife wanted
to see so of course we're excited I
wonder if we're on time I mean did we
miss a lot is what I'm asking and I
think the kids won't be excited to all
the blowing up and fighting and all that
stuff we get to the movie theater our
food isn't my night bag late of course
the old doesn't want to take a picture
but the Ninja Turtle we're gonna go see
that when it comes out okay you guys
want to take a picture with the Ninja
Turtles but as soon as we got in the
movie theater kept lying about how bad
he had to go to the bathroom so he
didn't take a picture with the Ninja
Turtles now don't get it twisted he did
go to the bathroom four times we were at
the movie next time I want to go to the
movies to see something I'm gonna see
remind me not to take my children don't
touch I like the best parts of the movie
we have been there for like 40 minutes
and I'm still trying to figure out who
the black guy now as far as your ire
goes
see he's never quiet everything he says
sounds like declaration from the top of
a mountain so can you imagine him in the
movie theater it really wants to enjoy
himself like he wants you to know that
he's participating so all he's doing is
shouting out things that he recognized
papa
it's a car Papa look pop on there
fighting Papa Papa he fell papa
it's a tree Papa Papa Papa if there's no
sitter there's no hope
yeah what ninja turtles Ninja Turtles
all right I'm coming believe in
fatherhood behind it snaps I'm gonna be
coming to you every Monday with a vlog
Thursday with the summary of a snapchat
story and I hope you enjoy it and new
music coming soon I know I'm late please
forgive me but it's on the way I promise
probably just in my soundcloud but you
know just stay tuned follow me on these
media sites
please finally no snaps
and uh yeah I see you guys later
