okay welcome back to belief in
fatherhood
we have been on the road now I'm home
now me being home means a lot that means
I get to jump back in the routine I get
to start working on my album again I
could get the start making these videos
with you but the most important thing is
that I get to spend time with my family
which is everything a friend of ours
just watching our babies I haven't seen
my wife and so long so I feel like I
have to brush my teeth go get some
flowers
and go seeking that because I love her
hi looking for roses we just have so the
hard question I asked myself and I try
to ask myself a hard question like every
week how much money does it take to make
my wife with single mom for any period
like how much is that worth it to me and
we make money on tour but as a father
and as a husband I feel like a hypocrite
I'm going around the country trying to
inspire people but I have my own people
to inspire at my own home
there's no amount of money that lessens
the blow of me not being around with my
wife Marissa
I'm nervous to even see my family like
I'm nervous to see my children wondering
if they're gonna think how they're gonna
respond to me you know what I'm saying
like if they don't miss me that's gonna
hurt my feelings
train chugs record is a song called on
the road and that's what that song is
about it's about the hard part of being
away from family we just saw the movie
The Jungle Book I loved it Yvette it was
good
did you like the movie tell me
everything that happened what happened
button did you see a tiger
what did the tiger do movie did you like
it okay did you see other figs ah and
what else did you see what other animals
and hee hee
you're not gonna do like some surprise
or something like that right cool cuz
you said you wanted to drive and I
didn't understand that I just wanted to
try I don't feel like I've seen it I
just said if you're trying to surprise
me I'm not trying to see anybody really
I'm gonna be really upset if we go over
somebody's house in this a party babe
why would I do a party for your 31st
birthday could you do that you do that
type of stuff
dirty was significant was that last year
are you 32 the other boyfriends there
chef why I'm sorry
you spoil in a movie
