everybody's coming to a party okay oh
they're coming to your party because
they want to play with you and they want
to celebrate the fact that you're
turning three years old yeah you got to
give hugs that's right you got to give
everybody hugs and give everybody kisses
and say thank you for coming to my party
okay you're gonna be taking a lot of
pictures oh but you will be getting some
cake oh okay you want some cake
this is where we live okay
you live here this is called California
now you know Papa goes out of town
sometimes right what do I go yeah
sometimes I go on a bus and sometimes we
go to Tampa so this right here is Tampa
one time we went to Tampa we went to
Tampa for a show the show went okay
while out there we had a photo shoot
which turned into a jumping contest
between John myself let it be known that
I am the shortest by like 4 inches 5
inches almost you know what I'm said but
I'm up there hey y'all I'm talking hole
try to touch my camera a melanin melanin
is melanin is up there you know it's the
African bin bottom dig what I'm saying
quand on Deedle
magic wand on this space right there is
where I live hold on what I'm saying is
it's the magic wand on Dido why not be
white guy white guy bum me overweight
and I still get higher than all these
guys sometimes we go to Vegas which is
like right here this is in Nevada ok
the Las Vegas the turnout wasn't so
great but the imagery was real I got to
hang out with my cousin Curtis we caught
up on old times and after that the show
with the Pullman Washington and Pullman
Washington opal John and I played a
friendly game of basketball he won but
only bought one point this my vlog how
did this whole thing make it look like I
want experiences so could be the best
thing we do all day we went to Portland
Oregon this is my favorite place just
outside of Portland Oregon is the Nike
employee store
shout out to Bryce Butler who got us in
I bought you some shoes there being
Little John Minister side the store and
we ran into our buddy Graham okay then
we went to San Francisco so I want to
give a big shout out to San Francisco
Santa Maria's tomorrow but I don't think
I'm gonna perform so yes this was wrong
I know but you're so has to pee so yes
John to do another song let's go we went
all the way to Toronto
you'll be in Toronto goodbye gene hi
guys can you get chairs that are all on
the same level
well I'm not sitting in that chair okay
right now I'm gonna go on the airplane
okay so I'm gonna go bye-bye okay I'll
see you later okay guys no bye love you
okay I'll see you later right
okay bye bye Levi happy birthday bye
okay I'm already on tour and I'll be on
tour for about two months so here it is
see what it says yo what's up everybody
greetings sorry I'm actually recording
hi how are you Maya Maya what's going on
all right sorry
yes so this won't be as awkward at home
you can sit on the bed that's fine so um
okay so we're gonna start the blog back
up again just a random date let's just
say
my baby
thank you for watching believe your
father in the first season hope you
enjoyed the first season I really put a
lot into these vlogs so I'm glad that
you guys like it and glad that you guys
are watching it I hope you spread the
word share like comment follow me on
instagram follow me on twitter so
basically i said a couple of things i
didn't want to leave like with nothing
so i did was the link below in the
description you can download the diaper
bag song my debut a couple obstacle so
check that out also if you have anything
you want to like send like a letter or
just dots or something you can send it
to my PA box main reason we're not
continuing the vlog throughout this next
season is because we're gonna be on tour
for the next two months we're gonna be
pretty much gone a lot and i don't wanna
have to contend my focus with this vlog
i'm gonna focus on being with my family
my wife knew that the two boys do and
you're right and probably were all
having another baby
yes the next episode is going to air on
May 9th I think I'm gonna go to episodes
will be worse than just one I can't wait
once a week I have to do
two episodes a week yeah about that I
thank you man I thank you for rocking
with us I thank you for just being a
part of our little family and enjoying
what we've been doing I'm happy I can
not get this stuff and I'm glad that
people were changing their mind and
wanting to have kids and stuff like that
so yes I think that's it I think that's
all I got from you okay go ahead close
it
