how long has Dubin oldest poop come
abeer why are you recording yeah look or
you walk here with me turn the corner oh
and did you get it big yeah stop hey
okay but it's me don't play with me okay
watch your step
babe I'm gone both the baby's got
spankings dead cats out of the bag do I
give spankings yes - pops with the hand
what happened to you did you get a
spanking yeah it was so bad I'm good you
you think I deserve a pop dear Ryan
Bogut is faking
why did you get a spanking rival huh
okay so this is why the boys got a
spanking I did something stupid of
course but just because I did something
stupid that doesn't mean they get to
this will happen
I left the carpet freshener right here
Ryan picks it up and he spills it all
you guys know how you got a spanking one
why you got a spanking because you
pulled this box and you spilled it all
over the place if you do it again you're
gonna get another spanking I don't want
you to get a spanking anyone is faking
okay don't do that again I don't want to
thank you okay I love you see if if I
was here then he wouldn't a did that he
knew better when I came inside of the
room Theo was trying to clean up and so
both of them got a spanking because I
caught Ryder red-handed and deal cuz he
knew better
he knew Oh coming sorry I am on in the
middle of something this is none of our
life that makes me want to spanking kids
respecting your kids builds camaraderie
it builds a special bond that kids
really don't have see the children
compete for the parents affection and
attention but when one kid is getting a
spanking the other kid usually wants to
watch or sometimes laugh or something
like that when you get a spanking
together it just feels like a special
like it just gives you someone to cry
with instead of feeling like you're all
alone
see I'm trying to produce a bond between
my children and so that way my wife and
I can stay a team and the boys the
brothers can grow up together and stay a
team
oh I don't get it what's going on I'm
not Philly y'all yo huh look at me I'm
happy why did you guys do that in the
finest ingredients are right in the mix
I have a feeling that my disciplinary
technique may not be as effective as I'd
hope even though they know the right
thing to do they don't really understand
the ripple effect of their actions see
our kids are pretty well trained they
know how to take an order but they don't
yet understand how to make a decision so
when no one is around to help them
process an action they explore today I
spanked my kids because they were
unattended and curious I blew it
even though I didn't spank him out of
anger and we hugged that the words and I
explained to them why they were getting
a spanking I still forget that we're not
raising children we're raising men and
men aren't well behaved they're
self-controlled they can think for
themselves and make the right decision
as parents we are responsible for
teaching our children how to think not
how to take orders in the comments
section this is for parents only if you
don't have any kids
you are read or not a writer you are not
allowed to participate parents spankings
are no spankings comment with the number
of kids you have and their ages
okay watch your step
bye don't play with me ah babe I'm gone
I do this all day I love you
