watching your kids grow up is hard even
though they haven't really grown up that
much seems like just yesterday they were
I broke up but nothing really million
esporte it's been it's being in the
webpack with the homies and I saw enough
that's all about what it was whenever I
was in it
sit down wait please when I say sit down
why standing up right about listen to me
first
thank you guys they can't get touched so
as a parent it's okay sit down
a parent it's okay to remind your kids
that up you can get touched up say bye
bye part by part wait a minute you just
said you peed in the vent you peed in
the bed you did it
does anyone know where children learn to
fear I mean who tells them what they're
afraid of a deal first learn how to walk
he would run headfirst into the ocean
and when he turned one all of a sudden
water was scared now every time we take
a bath it's a huge ordeal so I've been
racking my brain trying to figure out
where he learned this behavior but what
if this isn't something that he learned
but if this is something he chose what
if he decided that since water is bigger
than him and seems uncontrollable that
it was okay to be scared of is it
possible that we as humans choose and
hand-picked exactly what we want to be
scared and if so can you talk ourselves
out of it put your head back put your
head back
ah deal listen to me listen to me listen
listen I know you don't like the water
in your face which you're okay say I'm
okay say I'm okay
say I say I'm not scared I'm not scared
very good all right say I am strong say
God loves me okay nothing's gonna happen
to you okay listen to Papa
you're doing such a good job keep your
head back okay yeah yeah you're doing a
great job
you know guess what
you did it you did it buddy yeah yeah
high-five
oh good job you got to do your hair okay
well no we gonna do your hair almost
okay almost bedtime
come here please don't make me come and
get you oh you ready to me back to me
back now I always still stuck in my
night to me back to me right now baby
that was just stuff to me back to me
back to me
come out like brah
let's pop Escobar oh boy Escobar is like
like a football anything you like ladies
like oh but you see that like white 24
lat time for a football game okay you
guys ready to go yeah see oh do you know
where we're going
we're know when I'm going to leave this
house we're going to ante rads house to
see Kayla and MC you want to go see your
cousin's you want to go play with Hayley
it's crazy almost everything I learned
about being a father I can apply to my
own life see we don't want our children
to fear anything but if I'm honest
there's a few things in my life that I
find fearful she fears the perfect
distraction because it implies that what
you are feeling will keep you safe
sometimes what we think as being
cautious is actually paralyzing us
because if it was up to us we would
never move forward you know after
performing for 10 years I still get
stage fright and that fear robs me of my
joy when I'm in the moment every time I
do something amazing I wish I could do
it again without the fear attached next
time there will be no fear only
excitement for what's to come
do that's your shadow do you that's your
shadow
