somebody woke up whenever somebody who
was I mean juice that juice is not the
choice I got the juice
yeah I know but this is not a ball okay
it's a ball shape but it's not as like a
circle but it's not I can't explain it I
just can't explain is that okay
oh that for you I'll open it yet okay
good how are you I got the just do this
real quick it's mail time yes no time
did you uh guys want some apple cider
vinegar
I've decided to start investing in this
vlog um unfortunately this is episode
number 13 and what that means is that
it's only four episodes left in this
season in this season and so can you let
me finish talking we have ah no don't
touch that um basically what's happening
is we have four episodes left we're
going 17 episodes this season I don't
know what I'm gonna start back up you
want some juice I talked to my brother
can I just talk for a second this for a
sec you want juice wait wait wait wait I
talked to my buddy LaGuardia um I'll
link his page right here you just kind
of give me some feedback about this
thing I'm doing it I wanted to do a
couple of things I wanted to take some
time to invest in them and what I'm
doing in this series hearing back from
you guys in the comments section really
inspires me I get really inspired by
hearing the stories and seeing what you
guys are doing and saying you guys are
talking about and it just enhance the
quality of what I'm doing look around
but to get caught
ah I'm curious to know what you like
about this channel the next season is
gonna be different and I want to make
sure I change it based on your opinion
because I feel like you're just as much
of a part of this thing as I am so if
you have any feedback or any things that
you would like to see more of please
leave that in the comment section below
all right back to the episode
today we have visitors coming to the
studio and I have an event I have two
events tomorrow and have visitors coming
today so I have a lot of work to do
tonight tonight is today it's gonna be a
long couple days oh good Eve I'm gonna
do one thing I'm gonna go grab my phone
charger sounds great yeah hello hi can
you go downstairs please
will mommy okay say bye bye say bye bye
come on stairs mommy kay so you don't
have to and I am I am trying to bribe
you I know you are but you are shy don't
take it I don't take a personal don't be
not will take a person I can see the
look in your eyes now please there was a
shimmer
oh okay I cry if I don't get what I want
right now but again we had to be
heartbroken if I don't do this and that
is not going to waver in my decision I
have no desire to do that song even if
you say no and it's all part of growing
up in this aspect to like it is what it
is and I'm gonna hear no well this is
this is what I'm saying I this isn't a
shot down it will be a bonus for you
right it will be helping you right which
I'm not opposed to but it doesn't help
me in any way but we'll meet when I step
on that stage with you and I say Alex
the other that I'm co-signing you so
everything you do is now you're a
product of who I am I see and I don't
know if you're ready for that I've never
seen you perform Alex you haven't I've
never seen you on stage before
do you know that you've never seen me
perform I've never seen you perform what
but Polly don't you live right near
great thanks Polly come to you're
backing up or down your street boy
Gallup it's okay nobody will listen
nobody stop wait sorry you two awesome
round two game face on work is in the
house no no no are you eating bubbles
yeah
alright let's wash up do your first okay
come on rainbow you scared yeah my
friends are here why they here so we can
work why because we have to work buddy
yeah and I'm gonna go work too and I
need you to go to sleep okay no you
can't work - I'm sorry no it's not ray
it's James yeah James is going to work
with Papa so I need you to go to bed
okay go to sleep kay
good night I love you okay
what up yo what's up apparently this guy
Hans wrote a parody
shrim junkies almost I was sold believe
I was coming so believe your fatherhood
out my model given up but it's gonna be
good huh all right bro hurry up man is
coke no it's teased off I think the hook
could be more laid-back you know saying
is in your right eye you'll probably
listen to her drive around to it yeah
and see where I can write that's I bro
your you let's we'll come to buy yeah
Angie yeah see we're done um next next
week right yeah okay yes cool bro
I just wanted to take a couple moments
to talk about tomorrow tomorrow is an
extremely busy day for me I have two
events in the morning of deejaying a pep
rally and then at the put on a tuxedo
J a friend's wedding the entertainment
I'm responsible as a VJ for making sure
everyone has a good time I have to play
the right joints just make sure it's a
good DJ okay that's all that's all I
have to say God bless the beach
see there he probably oh wait okay that
was fun uh hmm now I gotta go home grab
my tux and then go to my second event
the wedding so I'm really excited about
that but I am tired very tired when I
get tired I use 5-hour energy drinks I
can't hide it any longer this is this is
what I this is what I use my thing
took me 20 minutes to drop off and now I
gotta set up what up bro
chillin man good to see you bro so then
you looks dope have a good time
so cheer
love like a hurricane I am a tree
bending beneath the weight of his wind
and mercy ah and all of a sudden I
