oh yeah did you touch your poop - okay
well then get the heck up out of here
ornaments are gonna hail on the tree and
then maybe this day
so everybody's got the Christmas tree
most people have a real Christmas tree I
am anti real Christmas tree why because
little things get on the floor you step
on them to here at your feet
Araya will eat them Theo will throw them
they will be everywhere so I am anti
real Christmas tree ain't not run with
this Christmas tree I don't mean it
looks a little fragile in the middle it
looks like it's missing some meat but we
wanna make this Christmas tree look
pretty darn good do it yourself
this tree is bawling it's getting there
anyway I know what don't deserve it but
I can't believe my pills what just
happened here
stainer what just happened tell me what
happened what did you just do
deal don't touch me what did you just do
you pooped and then what happened to the
poop I know but it was on your hand
why why was it on your hand to turn it
did you touch a butthole don't touch
your butthole okay that's the moral
little story
I smell something yes mo poo
I've been bathing in poop all day all
week I've been just looking at the
butthole of an infant toddler butthole
butthole mail time mail time
yeah mail time yeah so mail time is when
someone sends us something and be
opening
you want to help pop open it and in the
meantime I'll take my shadows apple
cider vinegar stinks do it what's that
what is that it's a shirt oh just a dope
shirt it's it's literally a dope shirt
look at the camera say thank you thank
you for the shirt what about my size
stop this yeah in every sense of the
word you rose I think we got a note
congratulations yes baby coming
someone's gonna have a baby
sugar don't touch this man keep the
belief of fatherhood videos coming I'll
do that for you that's what I'm doing
right now
no touch please what I'll do is I'll put
a Instagram link inside of the
description very nice note and I love
handwritten letters thank you so much
hey Pete now I know I already talked
about poop this morning do tells me he
has to pee taken to the bathroom but
look at his underwear say this already
man piane what do I go from here
now we're gonna sing ABCs okay whoa
think of the coolest person you know
subtract what makes them cool by a
million and you'll find me in some
sweatpants with Elmo on my right hand
and a diaper on my head making a fool
out of myself to make my children feel
comfortable when I was a kid my closest
friends were three brothers Patrick
P
and precious we call precious Sydney so
I might just call them Sydney for the
story sake my dad lived in California my
mom was a single mother to me and my
brother beliefs she worked hard to give
us things and make sure we had what we
needed but I always found myself jealous
of Sydney see his dad wasn't a normal
dad the kind of true feared he was the
kind that would make a fool of himself
we lived in the same building I lived on
the top floor they lived on the bottom
floor whenever I would come over to
visit all three kids would be wrestling
their dad he's wearing nothing but
tighty whities and the kids get
embarrassed but I just feel jealous see
they didn't have much money their dad
was a pastor of about a church of maybe
15 people on a good day and every time I
came over there I was always welcomed
with open arms I felt like the fourth
son he would always tell me he loved me
and he called me dr. Glenn he would say
I love you dr. Glenn for once I didn't
have to feel jealous anymore I told him
I wanted to be a doctor but I really
wanted to be him just rolling around on
the floor hanging out with my kids this
was the first cool person I met totally
uncool if you asked the average man but
to me he's like a hero and the dudes on
the block seemed like peons compared to
him at Christmastime always had the
illest gifts under the tree I mean I
didn't really want for anything and I'm
not trying to seem ungrateful but though
I had the illest gifts Patrick Pierre
and precious always had his presence so
this episode is dedicated to anybody who
rather be themselves over being
quote/unquote cool
and mr. Hale wherever you are thank you
subscribe like and share
