hey so today's episode of belief
apotheca is gonna be a little bit
different there is no theme
there's no food for thought I did not go
shopping so there's nothing to eat this
is literally just my day that night took
the kids to the Wild Animal Park and
then I had a radio interview in LA so
this is that hopefully you enjoy it
I apologize it was a little bit boring
next episode would not be boring at all
I promise I don't know how but I'll make
sure that it's not boring and let me
know if you like these hats or thinking
about doing hats bibs and shirts so if
you're interested in that leave it in
the comment section actually hey don't
do that guy don't do that I'll push your
brother like that Co P don't do that
please
I understand that but you're trying to
push him off - all trying to push him
off of the chair when he was sitting
there first no no you want to get a book
but you have a book already please read
that book and then okay you said okay
we'll get off me I don't look down what
you owe me please that could be a theme
anyway here's the water Animal Park and
the radio interview in LA at the layover
show you can't walk with monkey ok walk
through
ladies I'm gonna walk get them I don't
wanna walk
then there's everyone who walked that
zone top of bed didn't we ride with them
but the buoy ride the spirit you know
Birds tiger right
fufu - it's a far far away by that's I
know a wire if I know why you like my
Phoebe's idea go statement about tonight
okay in Kentucky and watching miss
Tucker is it back again
what happened the balloons gonna fall
over here
Theo where's the music a lot of the way
over there that's to point out the
different animals we see them about
stead of their adaptations how they
survive some of the challenges they face
in a while we can help them out along
the way
you
I so we're at the layover show in a
little track life radio I'm very tired
from the Wild Animal Park
leave
and 19 go front light I'm not a junkie
in real life you know no disrespect but
I noticed that a smoke right now we have
our next special guest MC poet and
father believe what's going on sir
what's up y'all so good to be here man
speaking of which I mean you wear many
hats and you know last time you were
here we were focus focusing on the music
but now we can actually focus on belief
and fatherhood yeah yes so belief in
fatherhood is a project that I needed a
way to kind of stay in front of people
and my manager gave me the idea to start
up a YouTube page and I was kind of
pushing it off for a long time because
it was a lot of work you know but
everything is a lot of work no matter
what you do if you're gonna be dope at
it you know the man so I'm just hanging
out with my boys all day I'm a
stay-at-home dad and then I rap at night
and I rap on the weekends and so that's
it's kind of awkward to merge those two
lives together where you know you put a
baby down to sleep and then you go spit
some hard bars it's a microphone you
know um I think in the pilot episode of
belief and fatherhood you said that's
the most important thing about being a
father is to be present yeah so I think
for you to actually put it out there
that you know that it is important and
it is doable
to be a very busy entrepreneur performer
and still be there completely free
children I mean I think that that sends
like the greatest example out there it's
a difference between being there and
then being like actually they're engaged
and active you know and so um I want to
just be active in my kids lives by any
means necessary absolutely as far as
like you know doing a web series or
editing videos is this your first
go-round my first this is like my fifth
video I've done so you know if you guys
have never watched a belief and
fatherhood please tune in as soon as the
show's over because I I remember a long
time ago on your Instagram you were
actually lip-synching Theo saying more
fossils yeah
and I was like what is a father how
often do you put out videos like you
have a set every week every every Monday
every Monday videos should drop and so I
don't know how long it's going to go for
I'm thinking about doing like a series
and maybe cutting it off at a certain
point and then once I get to a certain
amount of subscribers starting up again
I've got a shuttle my wife
Theo Uriah event three Theo your eyes
out to the dreams like these Oh Jackie
is Ruslan and my manager he came one
shut up I must become least respected
here
stay at home
