alright they just came back from the
beach and
do-right his hair real quick or cut his
hair you guys gonna do it today we
dropped the podcast on how merry are you
and we talked about chocolate baby story
time so what we do on the podcast is we
do a little segment that talks about the
chocolate babies normally but this
podcast was pretty much dedicated to a
whole story time in which I talked about
a conversation that Theo and I had now a
lot of times in the videos people ask me
why wasn't feel reprimanded for talking
to me a certain way or talking to his
mom a certain way or whatever and those
are really good questions however I
think like there's a shift happening
especially in our parenting where I
wasn't really allowed to say anything
when I was a kid you know like the motto
was you're a child you were to be seen
and not heard or you don't speak unless
you're spoken to those are very I feel
like degrading terms to give someone
who's trying to understand you know
their life and why things react a
certain way so the question why is often
responded to as because I said so now we
do say that sometimes because sometimes
it's like yo I don't have time to go
into particulars right now just know
this is the best thing I'm saying to you
but I need you to just listen other
times it's like yo the reason why I'm
doing this is because data that are done
it up you know what I mean I think it's
okay for kids to have those type of
questions and for parents to give those
type of answers now I know that's you
know some people don't roll like that
and I'm cool with that
but this particular conversation between
Theo and I was very very interesting he
came to me in a very like adult mature
way on behalf of the family telling them
me that I wasn't spending enough time
with the family you know what I mean he
he's used to me being around playing and
play fighting and stuff like that and
lately I've been working a lot that's
just been my life and so I felt some
type of way about that because like I'm
the be present and let your presence be
a gift type of father and if my son is
telling me that I'm not present then
that kind of hurts you know what I mean
so it was a pride shake and so he could
tell that I was irritated and annoyed
but ultimately he has something to say
and he got to get off his chest and
that's exactly what he did so here's
that conversation with heal or a couple
weeks ago that we had I post about it
and we actually did a full podcast
episode about it here's a snippet of the
conversation if you want to get the full
conversation and Yvette and I had I
suggest you click the link in the bio
and listen to the podcast we're on
anchor one Apple wrong Apple podcast
we're on Google podcast on stitcher
Spotify so wherever you want to listen
you can listen but it's a very
interesting conversation so check that
out because I did record it and actually
let's play some of that audio right now
that camera while you're holding RAM
it's eating you distracting and and
Frank he's getting you to shock you to
all your self or getting used to
something
um differently
and then this is how you want this ,
loses camera without camera so this is
how you get disrupted so what do I need
to be doing more that's it what should I
do
I should not work but you only can work
to get some money you always work to get
some money for kids and for no you go in
the garage you always work tickets money
the way I take care of the family is by
working there are certain things that
we're working toward you don't I'm done
alright ok so you got what did you think
yeah from the takeaway that I got from
it is that he misses the dad that you
were before when mommy was working
basically yeah and that he desires to
have the best of both worlds
like we're both here at the house so why
not both of us be you know downstairs or
like cuz even he's even recently said
something about um his friends don't
know who you are like the new friends
that he's made you mean the people he
doesn't know their names
he doesn't know their names but you know
what I mean like the friends that he's
making like he's always meeting new
people and you don't you've never met
them or they've never seen you or
whatever and so he finds that to be
strange I don't know I thought it was it
was very enlightening on how much how
aware he is of what's happening though
mm-hmm because I mean I know Theo's
already a sharp kid but I just feel like
he's just so like he's so people smart
yeah I think he's a people smart person
yeah and I just I feel
like you know I don't like I understand
like man you want me to do all that same
old stuff but I'm trying to explain him
like Oh mommy like somebody has to work
like either you do or I do mommy or or
daddy like you got to figure out you
know who you want it to be do you want
mommy to go back to work he's like
really adamant about no like he was
asked him that yeah you know he's very
adamant about you staying home that's
big on that's big fat and I agree you
know I want you to stay home too but
like this is how it is and so I'm trying
to explain to him in the video that yo
I'm not working for these awards you see
on the wall or like the money like it's
really so that we can be okay and I've
been feeling I keep talking about this
this is like my this is my season of
life and until I change it get better
but I've been feeling like I'm always
I'm like I'm never around you're always
busy and never around you don't spend
any time I'm always feeling like I'm not
doing as good as I should be
now I have an issue with that when it
comes to my friends like I think a
person I'm like yo like like if you work
a job that's different than like owning
a business and like having to be
everything the editor the shooter all
that stuff you know saying so don't
compare like your days off - my days off
they look they just look different in
this season but I don't want to hear my
son say that he's you know what I'm
saying like as this bullcrap I don't
want my son to tell me like he did that
I'm like he he came to me like he was
speaking on behalf of his of the family
of the family which I applauded and I'm
very proud of him for like coming to me
and holding me accountable like and
caring about the rest of us and it's
it's so me though cuz it's so much like
yo we got a talk you know I'm very much
like
you have a problem that we need to talk
about and I don't even know how this
conversation Allen if there's gonna be a
good conversation but I'm just gonna say
what I have to say yeah I just hope he
keeps that I appreciate the way you
responded to him I appreciate the fact
that you stopped what you were doing and
you turned to him and you let him know
that your attention was fully his
because I think as parents is important
for us to know that for them to know for
us to allow them to feel like they have
a voice mm-hmm you know I mean because
if you would have responded in a way
that was like whatever he might not come
back to you the next time he has an
issue with something yeah and so I just
want him to always feel comfortable kind
of like what miss Rogers was saying the
other day like you there's always a seat
for you at the table that talked to me
about whatever and so uh yeah I
appreciate the way you responded to him
I also feel like we didn't grow up yeah
how he's growing up when I was a kid if
I would have come to my if I would have
had the Gus don't come to my parents say
I have this problem then my parrot obses
stay in a child's place you ought to be
seen and not heard speak when you're
spoken to I don't want to hear like you
don't understand what I'm dealing with
as a grown-up and so why would you even
sit how could you have the audacity you
know what I mean like it's more of this
kind of like I'm up here you're down
here but that's not always the case
because he's still human he still has
feelings he's still a equal part of this
family
he still you know has the ability to
voice his concerns in his opinion and I
as a father have the responsibility to
listen to the people that I'm around the
reason why I feel like this is one of
those things where I wanted to talk
about it because it was one it was a
shifting
moment in the-- no deals a nice
relationship it's a moment where I got
to see how much he cares about me and he
got to address it and so after the
conversation was done it was just kind
of like and it was just like this he's
like I'm gonna tell the family about the
conversation yeah yeah like I want to
talk to everybody about what you said it
like he like I don't have a relationship
with all of it it was very sweet and it
was very it was pretty mature for a
five-year-old very mature I'm gonna tell
about I might know about ma'am allow
conversation who family okay thanks for
talking to me yeah so that conversation
continues on our podcast platform if you
want to watch it you have to speak up a
trend supporter or a anchor supporter
and we'll send you the videos on either
on patreon the private Facebook group or
we'll e-mail it to if your anchor
supporter I think it's important for our
children to have voices like it just
says what it is like I don't see
anything wrong with my son asking why
for like on one of the videos last week
he said you know I'm gonna beat you up
when he was supposed to be paying
attention in school and I know my son
and I know that when deal said I'm gonna
beat you up he was looking for told you
that
he was looking for a way out of doing
work you know what I'm saying he was
looking for distractions and so that
wasn't a violent I'm really gonna beat
you up that was just a way for him to
kind of try to distract himself and say
hey I want to play instead of learn I
know but that's my best is my thoughts
I'd like to know what you think do you
think it is okay for a five-year-old to
address his father and tell him that he
is not spanked it's been it enough time
with him you think that's okay w you
think like are a generation before us
stinks or even our current generation a
child should stay in a child's place do
you believe that some things to think
about
I'm so sorry yeah I like that
you're all right say God loves me say
Black is ten you have to turn our other
way
ah
