that in this unaware that is what looks
very good where no it's not underwear
you see your face did you know your full
rainbow okay I can you go welcome
everyone
it's another Ashley morning here okay
this is Raja okay do you guys want to
talk alright hey you can see Ryan my
brother hello everyone good morning I
gotta sit here okay so is everyone
saying hi all these people right here
talking to you guys
they say hi the other side hi chocolate
babies all night nice hang hi to you
guys as well
good morning anyone does anyone have any
questions how do you for the chocolate
babies well they're gonna ask you
questions but what is your question
baby do they have a baby is anyone out
there
mother's or Father's
I can't be seen you see yourself knives
I yeah yeah now are you ready to go to
sleep you ready my grandkids in love you
all especially the letters songs that
save my date many days oh you're talking
about I know all my letters you don't
like that South you know how was your
first day of Learning Academy but you
went to school do how was it yeah that
was asked by Alexis press it was good
yes
did you make any friends yeah yeah how
ask you do you feel today today is an
extremely Ashi morning Oh God alright so
event I left the house this morning and
she's the one that prepares us to leave
and lotion was put on but it wasn't like
lathered in so it doesn't have much
staying power on all that is chocolate
that I got so I don't know I'm not anti
lotion I just
and this is why I believe the Fatherhood
is so great because you get the
authentic crest in the eyes ass on the
fingers nice talking you know what I'm
saying so thank you so much pearl for
asking very Ashley today how do you guys
like being home school how do you guys
like going you don't like me in home
school mm-hmm okay do you like what
Mommy teaches you yeah okay but you
don't like home school you rather be
allowed to kids right how did you
about your brother leaving for
homeschool watch out yeah you were
pretty sad huh yes what are you guys
birthdays
okay so deals birthday is February 9
your eyes birthday is June 27 right and
a nice birthday is st. Patrick's Day
which is March 17 someone says they do
have a daughter huh someone says they
have a daughter a teen daughter um are
you a US stay-at-home dad yes I am
technically I work from home
oh you're gonna work with Frank puppet
again yeah so you guys want to talk
about Frank yeah no you can't take his
suit like that that isn't that nice okay
hey hey that's not nice okay so I want
to talk to you guys about Frank if you
want to hear about him Frank is so I
didn't know how much work it was gonna
take for me to do like puppeteering do
like a channel that it's actually a lot
more work than I thought it would be and
so I've kind of been like I need help so
I think I'm gonna do a fundraiser to get
money and support for hiring people who
can help me bring it I'd be into life
because it's a really good idea yeah yes
it's a really good idea and it's really
great content as a matter of fact I can
play you a song that's Frank puppets of
Frank's over here here's a song Frank
puppet song I'm gonna play like halfway
through cuz my voice sounds terrible on
it but the kids really liked this song
you guys ready yeah
are you okay so it's about it's a song
you sing when you lose his shoes
very good
relax
give me the phone you can play with it
by yourself okay
sorry guys my bed anyway
yeah the Franks I've been writing a
letter I've been writing a lot of songs
for free
yes I've been writing a lot of records
for Frank somebody good stuff that
parents will enjoy as well just for like
another 10 minutes over okay and so on
oh please
and so I've also been working on merch
for Frank and so this is like kind of
like the design stuff we have can you
can see that super-bright this might be
better
you know what I'm saying
so this is like Frank Murch yeah I think
we're all gonna start wearing what oh
this shirt I have on is like a childish
shirt yes right here is childish as well
nice I'm all done
okay okay go away go listen to over
there yeah
anyway anyway yeah that's pretty much
what's happening he'll come back cuz I
want to hang out with you with this I
want these people to be able to talk to
you asking questions it's actually nice
unnhhh apps on she's trippin right now I
shouldn't sit on that song sorry guys so
I'm sorry so you look all your toys are
over here and all your toys are over
there look on that table and I don't
have anywhere to sue my stuff thank you
I'm so sorry guys sorry yes so anyway
that's what we have coming along with
with the Frank merch I'm glad some of
you guys are liking it I'm glad some of
you guys are liking it I'm glad you know
you guys support the channel but it
takes a lot of work to make be a
puppeteer shoot edit and also like add
animation and stuff like that to the
videos it's really like a lot of work
and so uh I just came to the point where
I was like man I really can't do this by
myself and so I'm gonna need to support
and help cause I'm gonna have to raise a
sufficient amount of money to kind of
kickstart the channel like I want to and
then what it'll probably be like an
IndieGoGo or like a patreon specific
thing and then for like two months I'll
just focus on patreon supporting Frank
Booker and um you know people will get
shirts and songs
or their donations and stuff that sound
good yeah yes I'm the one that's singing
all the parts of that song unfortunately
I have to find a little kid to sing that
voice and also the first part you choose
where are you yeah I need can you sing
me feel you want to sing it because I
need your help so maybe the chocolate
babies were singing hello from Germany
my wife is my wife's name is Yvette she
is at a women's group and so she goes to
like in our church and hangs out with
other women and they talk about I don't
know whatever they talk about and I hang
out with the kids
well Wednesday morning so that's why I'm
doing Wednesday mornings going live with
you guys soon it'll be her naptime and
then we're gonna start homeschool I'm
gonna start a homeschool lesson I'm
reading about today's lesson I think
with it
learn peanut and jelly sandwiches don't
like that the boys are right behind me
where you a tribal what do you play well
come here use interns to help you win
for both yes indeed yeah but I getting
interns to do plant information for you
that animation is so high I'm consuming
and so I don't I can't like assume that
and then illustrator is going to be able
to like animate something I really want
to do a good job on the content
I totally be entering but I'm all the
way in London I love London man we have
so many good supporters and London with
a huge huge portion of our fan bases in
the UK so we thank you all of our London
and Germany and our supporters from
overseas and our supporters here I
totally been intern what time is it
where we are
well generally I think it's 1015 that's
what I like that it's in 20 and every
now you got to sit up here yeah she's
getting really big
her face is clearing up no she had
eczema for a long time and so her arms
are still affected her legs still affect
me it's a dietary thing and like a
seasoned opinion so we're still trying
to figure that stuff out her face is
like so much better than it was we were
just looking out old pictures the other
day and it was like crazy how swollen
her face was because Oakland Baltimore
County what's up Angela I'm from
Baltimore County as well currently we
live in San Diego California how do you
balance homeschooling and other personal
passions okay so my wife is the primary
homeschool I was just listening to a
sermon this morning I got like a nose
hair like poking me in the nose making
my nose itches I was just listening to a
sermon this morning I was like balance
the definition of balance means to like
remain stable Wow not moving you know
and so we don't really balance anything
we often search for stability in
whatever we're moving toward us
stability is to be able to manage your
weight while moving you know what I'm
saying so well as we're moving forward
we find stability and a lot of things
but balancing the act of balancing in
return
it doesn't really some fish doesn't
sufficiently define what it is to be a
father or mother or homeschool I think
what we try to do is focus on times
where we can teach and then I don't know
it's just a way it's just that it's just
a rough season right now you know we're
both new in our careers
it's transition to mothering I'm going
to like my business space Pio the other
day told me that I wasn't focused enough
on my family you know I remember that
conversation
yeah but you said that I need to spend
more time my family because I was
distracted by work yeah he told me that
the other day I see don't talk about
that internal podcast no come over here
talk always and he's not spinning the
time and that's why if he gets always in
time that's been time you should say
anything that is going is every water he
just a nickel we watch second that thing
we watch what they can let me watch if
you guys want to listen to the podcast
is called how married are you it's
everywhere except SoundCloud so it's on
Spotify it's on Apple podcast it's on
Google podcasts on that so how married
are you
and it's for single people really it's
it's really person giving me my life
talking well go ahead be on oh goodness
so if it's one is my dad doesn't
he doesn't need he always get distracted
at work he doesn't need to get the word
all the time but he just thinks he does
needs didn't work because you so he can
make money he makes money a lot and in
every time I see money I just grab it
and then what do you do with the money
when you get it I didn't act in that
work no you know you put it under your
pillow
is that true Theo that's not true you
don't put your money under your pillow
because I'm praying chef a I know
so she chef a just said I'm married and
I still find the podcast enlightening I
think she used it is for people who are
married to but I just don't want because
it's called how married are you
it's not just from married people so
sleepy sleepy she gets really cuddly and
if I ask for a kiss me kiss me kiss that
makes you seriously you like give them a
kiss - you guys got kisses from Ania and
no one gets that you guys are so blessed
are you saying you another one okay
alright yeah Theo is Theo is five years
old the kids mostly look like I bet one
more all thinking in the world then okay
okay you're making out okay
nyah what yeah I know I know she is look
taking that yeah anyway I'm sorry I
missed some of your questions
no thanks no so I I'm pretty sure that
Theo is gonna have his own channel at
some point because he's just so
entertaining I'm kind of nervous for
that honestly um I'm pretty sure that
he's gonna want to have his own
challenge because he's so would you say
look at the cameras ahead again
I said he so and would you say huh
say it loud was it loud you may say it
seems interesting yeah he said instance
yeah interesting I come here Theo look
at the camera
so look someone just asked you what's
your greatest fear you have a big fear
what's on the other side of fear
wait what freedom watching from the
muted so play me off I'm gonna be a
mother but when really when we ask you
that's right did you say yeah that's
right and then yes my geekiness again
you can rehearse them when you get right
with me be it you can leave a person you
get life and then you get mad then you
just say yeah okay when you we're not
talking on our fighters yeah but I mean
after school we have to do homeschool
lesson first
because people are watching them I want
them to call CPS when I didn't it
the Chin Music that's a booth the grill
that's a creep right to the face who's
your favorite superhero the Red Power
Ranger but I don't I need all right all
right so let me go and try to answer
some more of these questions here before
we dip off do they watch you - no no
Carnac don't have any watch on youtubers
like Elmo like they don't they don't
have like a channel except for like it
we're all watching it together as a
family like oh my gosh thank you so much
right it's really good thank you
what is know it is something what is
this right a present
thank you so much I love the present can
you can you go keep it safe so a knight
doesn't destroy it but I need you to
give her some of those please
hey don't lick my head man stay annoying
for you take them about H with how we
talking about HBCUs early particularly
Southern University of Baton Rouge
Louisiana I don't know I don't know much
about that University I did attend I did
attend you and me yes universal melodies
to show which is a HBCU form at the
beginning of my college career and I
didn't graduate I will be talking to
them about the importance of their skin
color you recently had a conversation I
was very shocking that I'll put up in a
blog later on but I kind of overreacted
to Pio's thoughts about his own skin you
know I didn't handle it well you know
but yeah like that's been having a lot
of notion to keep them around to bring
them around more kids who look like them
because identity in seeing yourself in
the people that are around you are you
know it's really important and I didn't
really realize that because everybody
that look like in addition to that
though yeah we just been paying more
attention to this stuff and so I'm
excited to get them around so there's
another question here any improvement
with Amaya's hair someone like her bald
spot her bald spot
her hair is great I'm from Rams town
will you have them participate in any
correct extracurricular activities yes
so right now they're doing parkour on
there on Tuesdays and then they do
karate on Thursdays and they do have a
lot of extracurricular activities that
we do here or they draw a lot they learn
by like drawing and stuff like that I
think and by a drunk watch it's adaptive
like there are turtles yes sir they
learn how to draw different things and
stuff like that evenings I was cool
about being what's cool about being a
homeschooling family is that everything
really is a lesson you don't I mean so
like today on my plans to make them
peanut butter and jelly sandwich I have
them make their own jelly sandwiches
okay yeah by Counting and doing stuff
like that how many scoops of painted
butter do I need how many scoops of
jelly then how to spell each word and
stuff like that and so that's what's
cool about you know home school home
schooling from home I have they
expressed what they want to do or be
when they grow up the solder big shout
out to the side about amazing MC yes my
cake is ready
my cake y'all this is uh this is called
black cake yeah so what do you guys want
to be when you grow up
you also what do you want to be when you
grow up not what do you want to have
okay well what do you want to do for
work no not blue that's not nice feel
kake's you want to be a baker you want
to when you grow up ice cream you want
to make ice cream when you want to be a
dessert pastry chef Wow okay Roy wants
to be a pastry chef do what do you want
to be when you grow up what do you where
you want to work oh you would be a
karate instructor okay that makes total
sense
um someone just said be safe North
Carolina word so anybody who is in North
Carolina or the area it's about to be
affected by this that is being affected
by this hair can you please be safe
please just be safe out there
we're praying for you like I literally
said a prayer for North Carolina area
and I just know it's like that's only
there's so much but if somebody out
there who's like in dire need of
something and you guys are being
affected by the hurricane please let me
know and I can put the word out for you
and try to assist you in whatever way we
can try both can you stop Riya he stops
Riya okay so someone asked about the
peanut butter cup video right come here
what do you say to me
what to me where you say what okay what
happened when you were going to eat the
candy you told me where you stand on the
voice yes finally the voice was coming
from funny yeah what did you learn you
didn't learn nothing no no what did you
learn when the candy was trying to tell
you yeah what did you what did you learn
buddy can you get off me please
you didn't learn anything Theo what did
you don't anybody learn about peer
pressure you what spew pleasure and that
that means you can't
is right you don't listen to what other
people say absolutely dad this is well I
don't want you to tell your story yet
because your story hasn't come out yet
okay you did do a good job in that
situation I'm very proud of the riot for
that yes sure okay guys any more
questions out there before we start this
homeschool lesson up with this baby down
to sleep
that's right here's fried plantain it's
coconut flour and brown sugar dipped in
egg substitute because she's allergic to
eggs so this has little plantain like
the steel get upset in this associate
himself yes do so on Vanessa I see you
asking about Frank I'll talk about that
a little bit early in the video so I'm
gonna post this as soon as we're done it
you can watch that part do does get
upset and tries to disassociate this
associate himself but he's not really a
boy that's a plantain fried plantain you
want taste alright so he doesn't just
associate himself
cuz he's really upset he dissociate
himself cuz he doesn't get his way
you know I think it's okay you don't
want it even though it's good that's
fine yeah you don't want it either okay
forget Johnny um he gets he's associate
son when he's upset and I think it's
really important to allow kids to leave
don't force them to stay when they feel
like they need a break when and that one
the event was giving birth and she was
screaming because of contractions
Theo felt that he had to go which is
really important for him to understand
that about himself and that takes a lot
of wisdom uriah decided that he wanted
to stay and that was powerful for me to
see see how Uriah feels was souls trauma
or whatever you know I mean this
associate so this associate means to
leave to exclude yourself from you know
other people you know what I'm saying
leave the crew feel also like someone is
a so he'll he'll be like hanging out or
we'll all be hanging out and then I'll
sit on the couch you better sit next to
me
Ania will come sit in your I'll sit and
do see us and hope you like also I'm not
in the family you know I'm saying walk
away and we're like bro like we love you
we're not excluding you but you couldn't
come along you know I'm saying but he
likes to like you know make us feel bad
you know and it's like a form of
manipulation not in like you like tight
that you or whatever anything like that
it's just what kids do kids are like
hello from Spain these two nice are you
ready to go sleep I'm gonna get her to
sleep you I promise
steel steel steel steel encase over um
you know he has not stolen or taking
anything that wasn't his in some time
rice no snitching
but that was a wallet but I wasn't
running same time he went to his
friend's house and took his name he took
another friend's phone so go down please
don't kick that stuff I just got it for
you please all right
what hi Jay do you guys have you
recommend okay this is important so we
have the juubi high chair check this out
put the link in this person so you can
go ahead and buy that through my Amazon
affiliate link which helps me get paid
have you have you gotten Jackie's book
yet no we have not gotten Jackie here
and I do plan on getting it because I
love anything Preston and Jackie Eric
they are amazing okay nice pass gas yeah
when are you going to legal in again I
don't know I don't like legal and unless
they summertime if I read Jackie's book
what I share my thoughts on it I don't
really know if that's appropriate for
this channel and so that's another thing
this channel has gotten away from the
original intent which was to display
my relationship or our relationship with
our children
so we even father the concept of it is
very much a parent to child relationship
if I start going on and on and on about
things that don't interest the original
fans of the channel it's gonna be hard
for me to continue so I decided to go
back into the direct relationship
between myself the children Yvette and
the children and the family as a whole
there will be points in time graph apply
some of the concepts and themes behind
the videos into how it can affect you
it's kind of like a motivational type
situation like I'm planning on doing a
breakdown of why I decided to do that
Reese's challenge but yeah do you listen
to me I don't know if it was asking I
don't know what you're asking
there's oh can you say that Paris is the
best - my daughter's Paris you're the
best
you play for tonight no I do not play
for and I don't play in the video games
I am as you can tell from feel I work
too much I don't have any time for video
games I don't do much leisure activity
for recreation I like to hang on my
family hang out with my buddies play
pool I like to work on videos and like
discover new things buy equipment and I
love this call I don't get to play it
very often but I just love being outside
and throwing it discs around it's it's
really cool believe do you still watch
Casey and I said yes I still watch Casey
nice animal just I'm just a fan i watch
him accreting a Kenan McKinnon all the
time
I think you stayed true to your purpose
it's always about your family and how
you all function yeah but I think I got
a little bit away from that when I
started doing a bunch of Randall's that
didn't really apply to the family so I'm
gonna keep doing bran deals that
specifically focused on the family and
help bring add value to the people who
watch this channel that's most important
for me I'm definitely playing a long
game
I'm very petty when it comes to the
comments section and stuff like that
like if someone says something negative
about
like me or my wife or about my kids like
I'm really easy to just hide you from
the channel mostly because like you
would never say that to my face one to
this like some people are like yo watch
my channel watch my channel watch my
channel trying to get everyone to watch
and I feel like this is kind of like an
exclusive anything like this is very
like this is my home like I'm allowing
you into my home you know what I mean
and so I take it personal when people
come in like you know I mean like say
something negative or my wife like
that's not gonna fly
you mean you know say something about me
it's not gonna work um I just don't
really I don't think that uh so I'd
rather have the people who are all the
way down and just like you know love the
channel rock with us then people who
just kind of like and you know watch you
know we made you start this channel I
was a stay-at-home dad working I'm sorry
I missed some question where it feels
Reese's silence can't wait it's on this
computer I just have to edit eight I
gotta get somebody to help me with these
subtitles someone asked about Oh will
you do another collaboration with
LaGuardia cause each speaks of made men
I don't know who made many each speaks
on the word I'm aware of him
LaGuardia it just kind of depends you
know on you know I don't know you know
I'm saying like if we can do it you know
if we can if it works that's I said I
would love to work with anybody but it
has to make sense like actually real you
know miss Lewis I will put Theo's
Reese's challenge on patron summer I
know your patron supporter so thank you
thank you to all the preacher supporters
out there to belief in marriage series
maybe so Patricia asked about belief in
marriage that's not a thing
the way you keep in touch with belief in
marriage is or like marriage with us is
all about how married are you the
podcast that is where we show our love
to the married folks and on events
Instagram page are how married are you
Instagram page 12
yes I'll follow that about I think we're
good here I use Final Cut Pro to edit my
videos someone asked your daughter is
moderating the channel um
me and my dad enjoy your channel because
the only Ryan and I remind me of me and
my brothers that's so sweet
yo shout-out to everybody who's showing
up in this this little live thing I'm
coming live every Wednesday at 10 a.m.
come back in here come here
I should have seen his face you just
gave me you want more
okay you need some more please everyone
who's here every Wednesday at 10 a.m.
anywhere everyone's and we're in town at
10 a.m. like I'm gonna kind of course
but I'll be going live man I love more
alive I love being able to talk to you
guys on some real you know just candid
conversation do you try and parent feel
differently how do you deal with his
emotions um yeah each child we parent
differently Theo is a very different
case but I don't know he's the one were
probably most focused on as far as
parenting because he's the oldest
he's always conquering different things
he was the first to you know this is so
he was the first for everything you know
basically when it comes to our
relationship with him and we care a lot
about his success as a human but I don't
think we like I don't know what that
question really means about like how do
we deal with his emotions you know you
know he doesn't get spanked anymore it's
been like you know forever since that
has happened we just kind of like let
him go like if he needs
throw a tantrum and it does that and we
just said hey man like when you're ready
come back you know he has to know that
he can't destroy the bottle of the house
hey hey keep it down please
musically yeah he can't like destroy the
back of the house because he's
emotionally distraught oh did the Sign
Language state with an ayah yeah so sign
language is the best way for us to get
the kids to understand or get us to
understand them Wow we're arm while
we're trying to figure out what they're
talking about you know what I mean so
she wants water should say water think
it's like this water right and so like
yeah it's the best way for us to start
doing that process I don't know what to
do with you guys I just wanted to let
you know what if equality about
interview uh Wow my favorite quality
about each of my children come APO Raya
so come here so Ania is I'm still
getting to notice one she's very very
special because she's our first girl she
the only girl why she she wanted a lot
of feel she's like Linda hookup brothers
I don't know about this one yet
well I love everything about her okay
okay let me get one what are you one of
you alright my favorite thing about
Uriah is his light so he is joyful and
adventurous you guys not care about
anything who does we want and then
thinks later which is awful for
to experience sometimes because
yesterday what did you do yesterday you
hurt yourself you jumped off the couch
and you landed on what the basket hit
your face you hurt yourself
really bad you cried yourself to sleep
he's adventurous to like no end and that
is frightening for a parent cuz you're
like yo what were you thinking then you
he wasn't sometimes he just wants to do
what he wants to do I love that about
because he has a fearless joy to him he
lights up every someone he comes into
the all-comers underlay
Charlie's I think it's like 10:00 10:15
come here buddy okay my favorite thing
about Theophilus is how considerate he
is and how much of a leader he is and
he's very he's very cautious and
forgiving he always went like you mess
up and you make a mistake you say sorry
he says that it's okay I forgive you
like he's very patient and understanding
with us and even when like his brother
will go I don't like my dad he'll be
like Raya
you're not listening that's why bad put
you in timeout or something you know
what I'm saying daddy you know I don't
want to know no eating what honey
he says that a lot I know that like he
talked to me like this rather I don't
like this
he's yeah he says that a lot ryo says
that i'm nice real dad sometimes and I
hate that I can't stand Riya come here
buddy
that's so sad it hurts did you tell your
brother that I'm not your real dad
what what did I do to hurt your feelings
I didn't say I wasn't you really bad
what are you talking about stop that oh
no you said it you said I'm not to wrote
there because you jumped off the couch
get yourself on the face so did a little
bit yeah but why do you who's your real
dad if I'm not that is not nice oh my
can you say that it's not true okay yes
yeah sometimes being appearance is like
and you say you know he's planned he's
not playing like he really be getting
upset you know but it's just like your
deal is very like forgiving and like
patient your eye is like different he's
just different kid and it's like you
can't parent them both the same cuz your
eye oh it's like yo like you're dead to
me you know what I'm saying like you're
dead to me you didn't let me you made me
eat that broccoli hey like that's what
it is with Mariah but
as parents like I can't get a motion to
me like attached to like his Tantrums
you know nummies but it is something
that's kind of like yo like why would
you say something like that I even
taught you to say that like I'm not your
real dad like that's crazy
you know but this this is kind of like
to sum this all up basically so I have
no like you know people say oh man you
know eat your carrots people say like oh
man you're doing a great job as a father
you're doing this innocent this I'm like
that's all good and well but when I'm 8
well my kids at 18 and they tell me like
bro you really blew it at this one I
like hey they may say that they may be
like yo like I don't think you did a
good job as a father you know I'm gonna
have to deal with that but it kind of
gives me grace on my own parents MEA
like thing like you really were just
trying to do what you were trying to do
and even though I felt like you could
have done better
you'd really did try you know what I'm
saying and so I know that I'm putting my
all into the parenting but sometimes
it's like yo I have to make the decision
to be like yo I'm done with you right
now before yesterday when you riot
jumped off the couch and landed on one
of these baskets as super hard he hit
his face right before that he was eating
a fig bar and wiped fig bar crumb in his
eye so we're driving around and he's
getting crumb in his eye
screaming and then earlier that day he
jumped off the desk in his room and
jumped onto the chair and I every time
I'm consoling on this like bro you're
gonna be fun you gonna be fine but I
keep telling that because I'm off the
couch you know what I mean um and that's
just Uriah you know that's it is what it
is but I do love and be adventurous and
it's about him I know that is a that's a
superpower it's his ability to be able
to just do stuff and have like that
courage and that brave means believe
that he's gonna he's gonna land on his
feet
that's a superpower and I'm gonna play
myself if I try to stop him from doing
that because it makes me uncomfortable
you know what I mean
so that's just some insight for you guys
and I where are you going
where thank you guys so sweet
but right now it is 11:05 and we have
spent enough time doing this live here
and so we're gonna end this pocket this
live YouTube experience with the belief
of fatherhood family and tribe and I'm
gonna go ahead and start this homeschool
lesson I think I'm gonna do peanut and
jelly sandwiches but I'm really excited
to continue meeting with you guys every
Wednesday at 10:00 a.m. you guys can
meet us that'd be great come with your
questions the earlier you get the
questions in the more likely they are to
get asked the more the fastest for
hometown more like get answered you're
more likely to get answered so yeah
sorry I miss you named me maybe I think
that's your name not on me maybe yeah so
we'll see you next time next Wednesday
it'll just be me and the kids
that will be at woman's group but I hope
you guys have a blessed day if you're in
North Carolina area please be safe
please evacuate if you can if you
haven't yet be safe
Oh praying for you guys out there and
protect you like TV network popping
thank you guys so much for watching
peace
