okay finally what's up okay committee
you want to step inside yeah that's you
what's up guys hello hello hello I just
want to put a comment in here no we're
not watching Elmo okay good morning
everyone
Wow yeah it's just me Anna now you're
here today alright guys so I wanted to
talk a little bit about our new schedule
so we are going to be producing videos
four times a week
for the month of September the schedule
is Monday please don't do that Monday at
6 p.m. Tuesday at 6 p.m. Wednesday at 10
a.m. I want to go live every thank you
so much Sarah that's very sweet of you
we're gonna go live every single
Wednesday at 10 a.m. and the reason why
it's Wednesday mornings is because
Yvette goes to her movie that goes to
her women's group at 10:00 a.m.
let me I'm sorry she goes at 8 a.m. and
just going live and having fun with you
guys I'm talking to you guys helps me
get through that time
along with all the kids so shout out to
varus guy and what do you want to talk
about what's up what do you want to talk
about so what we're doing right now is e
Yvette and the boys are downstairs doing
home school and I'll take you guys down
there in a second but if you need lotion
on them elbows I just got out of the gym
and the shower so I appreciate the the
chocolate I'm Julia
but I'm Anna - I know who you are and I
appreciate your existence but anyway and
I'm Ashley I'ma be Ashley that's what
this channel is about
it's the about living through the ash
you know what I'm saying it's not about
pretending to be perfect or having your
shirt off iron or smudges off your
glasses
it's about being a she sometimes this
life ain't all notion anybody yeah so
and then so Monday 6 p.m. Tuesday 6 p.m.
Wednesday 10 a.m. Thursday no videos
will probably drop but the podcast is
coming out on Thursdays on anchor
Spotify Apple podcast Google all that
stuff so it's consistently coming out
every Thursday and then Friday will be
another video I'm doing this because
finally I want to take you know time
just to focus on the group you want more
okay well you say more you say more
please
yeah I'm gonna take time to focus on the
growth of the channel
loop through the ash alright anybody
guys anything where I've been been
what's coming up song I'm down to answer
any questions to you downstairs in this
that say when we get about probably like
200 people in here
then I'll go downstairs or if we don't
you know or the next three minutes or
something like that what are you doing
yeah did you have a good rest this
morning yeah did you poop when you woke
up you didn't poop you did yeah a nice
learning sign language because babies
it's just a better way to get babies to
start talking early and it helped start
community so it's really frustrating
when you're when your parent and you
can't talk to your child and they can't
express what's wrong with them
you know what I mean like you just kind
of got to rely on no way differently
it's good when she says I want to eat or
whatever you know it definitely helps
for her to be able to communicate that
North County neighbors without anybody
in North County what up y'all I'm
actually gonna be at this event
on September 14th I think it is follow
me on Instagram believe Mel to know the
specifics on that someone just asked a
question what's the future of the
childhood come like what the Russian
will you be taking okay so the channel
is hopefully hopefully I'm trying to go
back to of the basics to where it's just
me reflecting on the relationship with
the kids a lot more videos with the
children and it really just focusing on
you know showing the development of the
children and how I'm processing through
the lens of father
this is belief in fatherhood now my wife
has become a huge part of the channel so
it's gonna be more family focused
but I'm not gonna do as much married
stuff and um you know not not a lot of
stuff about myself per se there will be
motivational content a little bit there
will be you know content expressing what
it's like to be a black father and a
black man but mostly it's gonna be
focused on the children does that sound
good okay yes I hope that answers your
question let's see we have more question
Oh
my grandson picture was on how much do I
have to give to become a page remember
okay so if you want to be on patreon you
can only give a dollar give a dollar
give a hundred dollars give as much as
you want or as little as you want it
really doesn't matter I just kind of
wanted to keep it open some people
really need the content some people are
depressed and they go through a lot and
um you know I don't want to like keep
the content for myself or for people who
can afford it to a certain extent it's
like if you have more give more if you
think it's worth more get more you know
some people can only give a little bit
and that's okay but some people really
need the content consistently because
sometimes it's almost like a it's almost
like they've Haven or something like
that so yeah this needs questions do you
think you vet would ever do belief in
motherhood no no not at this point I
don't think so if that really likes
being a part of what I'm doing
Sheila he kind of like a sidekick and
this and this type of thing she is
really in love with the podcast she
loves the podcast she loves talking and
communicating with married couples and
people married at all yet and other
women and strengthening and building up
other women and so yeah she loves that
so nobly for motherhood probably for a
bit at all with the next Meetup yeah the
next meetup is going to be in San Diego
on September 14th my homie BJ promote is
gonna be I think in the North Park and
so it's gonna be like a DJ spin session
and so I'm gonna go there and the kids
will probably be with me and so you can
meet and hang out with us if you're in
San Diego but I really do want to start
doing events so that it's are you
pushing me away
um I start doing event so it's like I
you know I'm communicating with
everybody who is a part of our tribe and
more of like a Q&A type of situation and
you get to ask the kids questions I'd
like to be able to like do like throw
events like you can eat in and I can
charge for something like that let me
mount this real quick because I want to
hold this anymore sorry it's gonna be
annoying for like three seconds when do
we get more merch merch is actually
gonna be dropping on patreon really soon
toddler tier mugs which I'm kind of like
I'm kind of like I kind of like show
those a little bit but they're gonna be
on patreon I'm getting the patreon
supporters first dibs
and then I'll order more and figure out
what type of style to do mugs are coming
next and the next style of merch is
definitely gonna be Frank of stuff so as
far as Frank is concerned you like Frank
like that yeah
so Frank merch is gonna be so Frank
smirk is gonna be coming merch is gonna
be coming out next and I'm starting a
different brand protect your life I'd
never really like the design of that we
still have a couple of shirts left I
gotta figure out a way to get rid of
them but yeah okay fine I get more it's
more
gaby says I'm three months pregnant and
I'm so happy I get to look dang it Ania
and I actually don't know who asked the
question what is what see that dawn for
work now she is a stay-at-home mom which
is as much of a job as any job it's it's
super challenging difficult trying she
does an amazing job at being a
stay-at-home mother she is now
homeschooling both you Ryan and Theo and
doing amazing job at that and so yeah
that's what she's doing for work and
she's also helping me with the channel
and the podcast so the podcast is doing
really well
I think we're averaging about 3 to 4,000
listens / / perla episode I'll link that
in the description so that you can get
that it's really dope
can I buy one of the old shirts no I
don't I don't think I guess we could put
those back up on the site but I'm just I
just hate them so I don't think we're
gonna be selling those anymore
let's see believe got bars thank you can
you come to Virginia I can come to
Virginia I probably won't though for a
while eventually what we'd like to do is
be a traveling family for a season where
we travel around I go and speak and the
family gets to kind of go on this you
know pill trip around the country and I
speak and we make videos and we tell
stories and all that type of stuff
that's all fun tonight yeah she was
do you make music my husband swears he's
seen you somewhere
as a rapper yes I've made music for
about 12 years before this I've only
been doing what's up you want to watch
something yeah we're not gonna do that
right now we're talking to these people
look these people right here yeah these
people right here they looking at you
say hi oh yeah those are those are our
friends right yeah so yeah I am you see
I've been robbing most of this most of
the time if you hear somebody rapping on
the channel is me like I'm spinning my
own rhymes and I wrote for a video or
something like that so yes what does it
say on the wall behind you that's person
that's supposed to say first day but
Riya pop the a out of out of the day so
it's supposed to say first day for first
day of school you been to like a little
mini photo shoot with the kids yesterday
so stay home parents are so slept on we
do so much constant work we don't get
there's no light at the end of the
tunnel there's no you don't sound like
you just don't really know what's
happening with your kids you don't know
if any of the things you teach trying to
teach your kids a sinking sinking in and
so that's the pretty part about like
sometime is that I actually get to see
the kids apply the next couple videos we
have coming out are gonna be really dope
the next one that's about home school is
about the first day at home school the
kids that normally take that so well
I've got a really dull video coming out
next week if you're on patreon you see
this already it's with the um you know
what up Samantha like if you if you're
on patreon already it's a Reese's Cup
challenge and it's crazy because I give
this the kids a lesson on peer pressure
it's really really really dope when you
continue to make bids as a night rose
and begins to talk yes yes I don't know
like I know that channels like YouTube
channels family vlog channels have a
very short lifespan like it's like the
five years and you start to plateau and
you kind of just hit this plateau and so
for me the hope is that we were
transitioned into more of thank you so
much from Africa South Africa telling us
to have a blessed day thank you
yeah and so you see kind of like this
kind of this plateau and they don't
really grow anymore and so I know that I
don't know how many years I have left
doing what we're doing but I believe I
believe that for the next few years
we're gonna give it all we got and see
how oh you know we can grow from that
point I've been doing this for about
it'll be three years in October would
you guys say that's about right like
five years the other family of all
channels do you guys think that's about
consistent like after five years they
kind of plateau let me know what your
thoughts on
now you know please and make so much
noise yeah she's just trying to
entertain herself
what up Vanessa oh yeah that's Vanessa
say hi Vanessa
yeah where can I listen to your music
okay so if you look up believe or
anywhere Spotify app and music I'll put
out an album called
in no we're not watching them all we put
out an album called in fatherhood and in
fatherhood you want you want Frank yeah
no we're not gonna play with Frank right
now baby okay okay
you'd be patient no I need you to wait
look yeah we um you said John and ate
Jon and Kate Plus 8 did the oldest
things well they had a TV show I think
it's different there tell us about your
life when you were a teenager what kind
of person where you had a teen could you
see yourself in kids okay
that's a really really really good point
and so here you want to go see brothers
yeah well let's go see brothers real
quick let's go uh so what type of person
was IA teen I'm gonna tell you guys in a
second when we get back to the garage
come on baby
all right everybody say hi to the
Internet
what are you guys learning today Turtles
learning how to draw right now we're
doing drawing actively they're drawing
your turtle that's pretty cool yeah
buddy
painted his Turtles angry and your
Turtles nice well how do you know
really good job
come on baby let's go back upstairs
let's go meet you
all right say bye say love you all right
what type of person was I as a kid it's
simply good question because that it's
kind of deep you know I was not a teen I
was like kind of like a rough kid you
know like I what okay I didn't have very
many like more rules or like guidelines
or like you know like I was kind of like
self-righteous definitely took advantage
of you know a lot of women I was what's
up
are we back sorry guys this thing is
moving why is this moving okay sorry
guys I'm back can you guys see me now
hit me now yes hi Helen so yeah what
type of kid was I so I'm gonna move this
raid right here we got like crickets and
stuff cuz this is a garage let me just
move this real quick alright so um so
yeah come here
can you sit right here in the frame so
people can be entertained so yeah so
like I was the type of kid that was lazy
very low work ethic didn't like school
didn't have very much talent I was very
lost and like my thinking depressed I
had a really light for some reason I had
like a kind of like a dark youth like my
adolescence just was kind of sloppy and
I never wanted to have kids because
actually I didn't wanna have kids but I
didn't want to be a parent I mean I
didn't wanna be married I didn't want to
be married so I just thought like I've
never seen relationships work out you
know I'm saying and so it wasn't until I
came to California after like going
through a stand of like being super
suicidal and depressed that I saw proof
that I could be a husband like I met I
met Pat so Pat as you guys know I did a
video about whom like becoming an
Ironman he's the kids god Godfather and
I met Pat and Shannon and they were like
the first evidence that I could be like
a husband you know he had you know five
girls at the time five daughters and I
just was like man like I've never seen
someone be so intentional about being a
husband and a father but being a husband
first and so it's interesting when you
lack proof when you lack proof it's hard
to dream but once you see someone do it
it's easier and that's when Mike that's
why belief in fatherhood is like so
deep-rooted my why is real big like I
got plans
four years from now you know what I'm
saying as far as this goes
Lord willing um but my why my why is so
big because I know that I am I know that
I improve for you I know that I improve
for this child right here and the boys
downstairs you know what I mean like I
improve and that is super important
so at 18 very sloppy there a very sloppy
kid so I hope that answers your question
Samantha just said the Glen you're
describing is very is differently so
much than what I remember I do remember
you being quiet so me and Samantha were
we kind of grew up in high school
together so she was a little older than
me and we were in like this program
together and so she knew me as a youth
but like you know I was very mischievous
you know this is just crazy like to
think about who I was then in who I am
now I was different but like it wasn't
just to prove like it really goes
relationship with the Lord that like
really like affected me big-time you
know in having community that you know
kind of supported me through my process
so yeah do you need that spend time
alone for going on dates will there ever
be a fourth chocolate with it do you
want a sister no no look right here look
right here do you want a sister yeah do
you want a brother no no you don't want
a brother okay so if you let an eye you
tell it we're gonna have a girl but um I
personally don't want any more children
we had a rough weekend it was kind of
wild I was like man you know what I
could be cool without having another kid
for a long time offer for for whatever
you know saying like I don't wanna have
any more children
and then you know we bring up adoption
and then I'm like yo like that's a hard
concept for me too because as much as I
love kids like I like my kids you know I
mean like it I don't know how easy it
would be for me to like have someone
else's child but I guess you had asked
to be like per situation you know what I
mean but I know people were like crazy
about adoption but it's really hard to
like mold a child and at the same time
allowed them to blossom into what
they're supposed to be
I saw your comment earlier Gaby about
you being three months pregnant
thank you thank you so much Gabby for
your words there's so many good comments
here I wish I could just like read them
all all right Samantha so Samantha said
you're so much the proof that it makes
people like me except the fairies and
poor decisions that we've made
you are now focused on doing better I'm
so proud of you thank you so much
Samantha you always tell me that and I
appreciate that and that's kind of weird
to like even being on the other side
like seeing like people I know like look
at me now it's weird because I honestly
don't know how does this happen like
it's only God for real you know
okay that's fine can i buy Thanks can
they have iPhone okay so here's a
question I have for you guys you guys
haven't asked me questions this is what
I want to know from you what is the best
time for me to go live on a day like
this this Wednesday morning work would
you rather be earlier I have about from
8 a.m. to about 11:30 p.m.
I mean 11:30 a.m. to go live what time
works for you
uh jeremiah shelton just asked about
working with the people from the pi/8 or
do i get any tips from them as far as a
relationship with God or raising kids
not really we are you know me and Chris
Webber tight like we're all cool like me
and all the people from the pi/8 or now
if you don't know what the PIAA tour is
Jackie hope Harry Preston Perry shout
out to Jackie Hill just put out a book
called gay girl good god it's amazing as
far as I hear has anybody yet well I
know her story and I know she's
incredible so the pi/8 tour the people
from the pi/8 or ezq I'm close with
Chris Webb I'm super close with Joseph
Solomon like I'm all cool with everybody
but we don't like communicate like that
you know I have a like a really
connected core group of men that I hang
around with I worked out with them this
morning
Jimmy Figueroa and pretty much
non-existent on social media Timothy
Jackson pretty much non-existent I'm
actually documenting a story on him
right now for my creators for Change
project which is due this week and we've
been documenting his story and I'm gonna
talk about how black men are feared and
so that's kind of my community and my
crew okay so here I'm getting some
answers now
whenever is preferable for you this time
works for me I just out of my office
this time is good now or after a p.m.
earlier for the East Coast I think the
time is perfect 10 PST or 4 PST is good
11 is cool
3 p.m. 12 p.m. PST okay nya don't go
outside you come over here come here
please when you guys go live will you
save it for later yes Anais I come back
do you want me to come and get you
anytime there works best for you hello
from Oakland hello
so why do you think black men are feared
referring to the topic you just stated
come on you know I really want to
discuss that in there any critters for
change project I really want to discuss
that when we're talking when I'm talking
about Timothy because Timothy is someone
who just got out of a nine-year bid he
was in jail for nine years you know and
so a big question for me was why should
I let this dude who's been around
because he was like y'all wanna come to
your house and record and work and I'm
just like oh I don't know if I feel safe
with this dude just got out of jail
being around my children I just had a
baby you know and it was kind of those
things were like man it just was it was
this very interesting conversation that
I had with myself and my wife and after
getting to know him I ultimately was
better off you know and so was he
I love I love you do you love me okay
oh thank you so much I love you oh yeah
okay guys we're gonna wrap it up it's
been about 13 1 yeah can you say bye bye
Wow I say we'll see you later okay so
real quick real quick real quick all
right
real quick I wanted to talk to you guys
about the schedule so the schedule again
is Monday 6:00 p.m. Tuesday 6 p.m.
Wednesday 10:00 a.m. live and Friday
podcasts on Thursday Friday at 6 p.m.
okay that's the new schedule trying to
be consistent in this thing and so yeah
let me go let me know anything you guys
any other questions I didn't respond to
leave them in the comment section or hit
me up on social follow me on Instagram
see you later Samantha believe female
follow my wife on Instagram she needs it
so bad she needs about 500 more
followers to be able to do the swipe up
thing I mean so she's trying to get like
10,000 followers so follow her if you
have not followed her yet her name is
mrs. Mellon and on Instagram thank you
guys so much for your well wishes and
thank you for the donations and we
appreciate you guys protect your life
keeping that work poppin thank you guys
so much for watching
you
