this video is sponsored by renews it do
you guys do it it stinks in here
for me when things smell bad everything
is annoying here's proof why are all
these shoes over the place and why don't
you guys leave these dirty diapers in
here smells like pee in your closet the
shoes are everywhere now you did go pick
up your shoes please
maybe you should put them in a trash
just right here's a Renuzit
since world I bought this at Walmart for
less than a dollar now the room is smell
like vanilla apricot blossom and almond
instead of P tears and sweat I know I
can over exaggerate but when things
smell bad it really does get on my
nerves but that's no excuse especially
since I have these renews since whorls I
mean they're only 96 cents and they last
for 30 days they're perfect for small
spaces and you can twist it off more if
you want more fragrance to come out of
it and so if you're out and about and
you have the same problem I got make
sure you pick somebody's up now today is
my day to cook so I have on the menu
some fire chicken and some vegetables
let's get it okay so I never was really
taught efficiently how to grill but I
have grilled in public and then been
corrected while I was grilling so that's
kind of the yes yeah one of those are
the mingles four that's more nyeh yeah
what'd you give her another one you
could have one two one yeah you gotta
have one of hers okay so no one ever
actually sat down and told me how to
grill anything I've just been
grilling in public and I made mistakes
and so this video is how I grill on this
dirty grill I got and if you kind of
want the steps to learn how to grow this
is it for me this was supposed to be a
tutorial and let's just say I ruined
everything I don't even know if this is
right but this is just what I do see I
started off right dousing the charcoals
with lighter fluid it's a sure way to
get the coals nice and hot for your meal
clean the grill with some lemon and I
took my brine chicken placed it on the
grill you can hear it sizzling which is
excellent had to flip it then check that
it was cooked thoroughly clean the grill
with lemon and add all my vegetables all
I needed to do was cook the vegetables
for a moment but somehow I forgot Bob
aren't everything forgot look at this
look at this I can't get jiggy with this
we can't consume this here I ruined it
this is supposed to be a tutorial let's
try not to be a nightmare this was a
rookie mistake indeed I played myself
how could I forgive something so simple
I mean I know it's not a big deal
because accidents happen but I'm always
on my kids case whenever they forget to
do something like leaving a diaper in
the closet it annoys me it annoys me
because I have to smell the stench of
their dirty diapers but now look who
smells
me I fucked up the whole house
all because I forgot me and my children
have more common than not see I have to
do with the smell but they have to
consume my mistake someone recently
asked me how do I control my temper when
dealing with my kids and I guess my
answer would be to remember that I'm
just as capable of making mistakes just
like they are why would you put a grill
anyway I like to try different things
okay be back to clothe the burn part off
I've eaten your burnt fool before
