on days like today I really needed a win
so I'm thankful for hellofresh for
sponsoring this video what's cool about
it is that is convenient you get to
choose the day that works best for you
and your schedule for the box to show up
and it's no grocery shopping the time
consuming meal planning or anything like
that but it's a wide variety of chef's
curated recipes that change weekly and
it's cool because I get to try things
that I usually wouldn't cook on my own
so it's eating outside of my comfort
zone and since you're trying to get
alone time with my wife is always a
challenge it only takes me 30 minutes to
cook grace and peace every species I've
been on a quest and I've been trying to
write my roles until today none of them
left there's nothing new the Sun of the
Sun and some of them seem a mess so when
you see a set of a tundish we don't need
the stress I ran on a mission even if
you don't know it going never thought in
my life I'd end up back in California I
thought it was Baltimore until I di he I
see how he had a plan for me someone
cool but that was found at Kona and
whatever was around the corner trust me
just gonna make me stronger oh it's
gonna make the travel around me pulling
on the other armor all this is gonna
make the community thinking food for
thought and teacher breads behind the
fish so he no longer sits in hunger and
how we sit and hunger when we got the
bread of life
his favorite hunger for the true go
ahead and take
I know I probably said a lot of things
that you're like but they don't matter
to me as long as when you see me you say
hello hello
IVA Fred I've been walking with my
Savior yes I'm trying to do my best
guess I'm just a backup on trying to
shake your bottom flat when you see me
you say look uncle Paul's trying to
shake up our club when you see me nuts
brother will you see me see me see me
you say
I love
so when I think about somebody like
Anaya the baby she is in an exploring
mode you know what I'm saying so she's
trying to figure out what she likes what
she doesn't like she's learning how to
sit her first words and she's
communicating in the best way she knows
how
you know I really love the curiosity in
her age right now is one of my favorite
parts of the toddler experience you know
what I'm saying it to watch and enjoy
you know so when I snap yet an eye
always comes feel and you're right
always snapping is the way I trained
them okay so I trained them to pay
attention to the things that I need you
know I'm saying so more please please
people thinks training children is a bad
thing like they think of it like oh I
snap my finger or my child looks that
I'm treating them like a dog or
something you don't say and that's just
when you train your children it's not
like disrespectful it's not something
that we look at it that way we look at
it like if I snap my fingers right now
he's gonna look at me because I have
trained him to know that when I snap my
fingers I want your attention you know
if for me it's better to do that than to
go riah you know what I'm saying and a
roomful of people and stuff like that
everything that we do requires training
if we think about people in the military
they go through basic training like
driving you train yourself on how to
drive you're teaching for a certain
amount of time you're you're being
you're training them on basic things and
fundamentals of life okay so I need you
to listen to me and be aware that I'm
here so I make myself present and I make
you realize I help you realize that I'm
watching what's going on and I need you
to understand that I need your attention
so very early on even before an ice age
and l1 I was training Theo and Uriah to
listen to me now who you were maybe a
class it may be a clearing of the throat
it may be whatever that thing is for me
it was
snap because I snapped loud you know I'm
saying it's very loud and distinct and
the kids really you know they understand
it so a lot of people when they see me
and they're like oh you snap at your
children like you're not mean like yeah
I snap at my children and you should see
them when we're out in public then
stopping their tracks and when I snap
I'm like yo first of all I see you or
you're not supposed to be doing that or
stop or pay attention because I want
your attention right now know what you
say please no you say please
we cut a nice hair because it was
looking pretty unruly you know and so
now she's got it even for the most part
anyway and if you want to see that video
it's on patreon right now so go ahead
and hit the link right here and you can
sign up a patreon and become a part of
the extended family and see a little bit
more of what happens behind the scenes
hard today I caught your eye you drawing
on the desk like full-on Circle Circle
Circle drawing it with a crayon on the
best and I'm like dude what are you
doing you know what I'm saying
and he just kept drawing because s who
he is he's just authentic you know and I
asked him why he was doing it he said
the craziest response doesn't make any
sense how are you trying to love us by
drawing on the table I think he's from
sau saunas his picture or something but
you can't ask for that type of
authenticity like that it's just
ingrained inside of him and so I don't
know where he gets that from me I
appreciate it
your name is promise now promise you I
never let you down
you know I'll stick around later cuz I
lay down I love ya hey hey don't do it
don't do it oh my gosh I didn't know you
know how to get down I did not know you
knew how to get down
we'll see okay
No
not
why
you can't even stand up straight that's
how I know you're extremely tired you're
not listening alright you gotta go I'm
gonna leave the leader of the chocolate
babies he is very much a genius trying
to figure out the system you know he's
working the system and he's trying to
figure out all the rules and so he's a
fire like he's gonna fight for where he
once is gonna fight for what he believes
in and it's my responsibility with all
our children is to those things that are
true and those things that are fighters
and curious about him to pull those
things out and help them become
beautiful you know so if they want to
fight for something that's a great just
fight for the right thing you know sin
instead of arguing with me about whether
or not you're gonna eat your broccoli
fight for injustice in this way you know
don't try to change them you know so I'm
learning this as a parent
for $30 off your first weekend
hellofresh visit hellofresh comm and
insert believe from the 30 in the promo
code as you can see my wife definitely
loves a nice dinner thank you guys for
watching protect your life and keep your
network popping okay I got to tell you
something that happen today
so today feel sneezed oh this fool
sneezes right downstairs and you hear
him freak all the way out scream and cry
walks upstairs the bathroom light is on
and I hear Theo close the door right so
then I open up the door and this is what
I see why what's going on I know but why
is it still on your face because because
what look at me
what wipe your face off you look crazy
if you don't have kids yet just take
some time you know I'm saying you don't
want those type of issues on the regular
imagine what we don't catch on camera
you
