four plus three equals something so this
symbol right here it because it seems
like we didn't talk about this one
this one means equals so what is this
symbol me you have to figure out how
much of equals so show me for and show
me three as an artifact you'll need
three with the different colors you know
yes thank you baby
now how much is your quest
alright alright let's do more can you
please go brush your teeth it tastes
funny
Oh cuz your breath smells yeah you gotta
brush your tongue and your teeth k huh
go do it you got a good job okay yeah
thank you buddy leave that down here
what happened
you got to pacing I how we talked about
don't put it on your eye wait a minute
did you put the what happened listen did
you put it on your eye on purpose what
happened
spit cohosh you spit all over my mirror
face down
I believe put this away for a minute
seven how many would I have to take off
can you explain this lesson the goals of
today's lesson was four has a genetic
addition the addition symbol and to have
a different tool so like I thought even
if you know this would be good because
you can visually count out each value
put them together what happened coffee
all my goodness I was just trying to
record for you doing your Vita Becca
Becca Becca
you know me huh yeah you know me me I'll
be strolling you guys strolling guys
Carly yes Carly
I'll be walking around with my double
stroller stroller naptime my falling
into a coma story
stay home dad I got no I can't pee it on
my neck my sitting on my shoulders I
probably save some money if I move the
 loaded first nor throw my
babysitter's live in California there so
we stay right there to beat and you know
we got the land kids face paddled ashore
I got a mouthful of sand I'm just
whipping up that peanut water telling
dirty diaper baby always smelly if you
knew you had to take it to gigs and tell
me then why you pee on me I didn't name
you Robert Kelley my keys in my mouth my
dad wanted us to shuck a baby right foot
now
turn each down dollars
