my name is Dale yeah you're watching
belief and fatherhood a digit every day
I don't want to wake up so it's back to
sleep back up your cell I'll be laying
in a bed like this kind of like
embracing the warmth of your coverage
it's like today's like speaking day it's
just like the day that I procrastinate
the most in history so because I'm so
tired you need to activate my body
I'm trying to work out all the tightness
my hips
actually no I'm doing but I know it's
better than nothing so because I spent
most of my time on the plane yesterday I
know that today before I even start
working on what I have to speaking on
tonight I have to work out like I have
to exercise it's really important
oh I peed my bed
pull up okay can you do you know when
you have to pee did you know your pain
when you peed you did
so why didn't you get up and go pee in
the potty well I can it will you kill me
goodnight hello buddy
if it's a choice between King in the bed
and waking up Ania I want you to go pee
in the toilet okay
will you please wake up to go pee no no
I'm trippin I should have been working
on what I wanted to say fly out of that
trap for a second I was working on like
videos I can't go I'm really excited to
share tonight I feel like God has been
doing a lot in my heart
but I absolutely don't actually don't
want to talk about I'm excited to get a
workout in
oh here's the thing I've been using
deodorant since since the hold of Fiasco
I've been trying not to use them and
I've been switching over to like a more
like natural deodorant what kind of
deodorant to y'all use because this the
owner right here last it no it does last
long but it doesn't like leave slowly it
just disappears so you know understand
like the funk immediately
come back stronger than it did before I
even had the odorant on you know saying
so if I wake up I'm smelling myself I'm
cool I should probably put you know cuz
that's the safe thing to do but because
I don't want to get cancer you know so I
don't use the one that has aluminum
use this there's natural stuff but then
I put it on and it lasts a good Wow
but then when it leaves it like abruptly
jumps out of the armpit you know what
I'm saying like it doesn't like kind of
slide out it goes like it just leaves
you know what I'm saying so I'm a little
caught off guard by the commitment
issues of this deodorant this deodorant
doesn't have any commitment to me you
know I'm saying it has very little
staying power
no longevity it doesn't go through like
a probationary period it just it comes
and then it goes and it leaves a stench
after it's gone so I feel even more
insecure and it's not one of them
deodorants you could put on over the
funk you don't I'm saying that you got
to do a fresh wash and like soak your
armpit hair and conditioner and then put
deodorant on and then you're good to go
so I'm gonna I'm not gonna put this on
for the workout i'ma just like this one
I'm gonna do my baby powder this name
and then trap it and trap it I'll try to
keep it in there don't sing later on
when I go to it when I go to school I'm
gonna come back to this guy I need let's
go work out
okay this will do so hopefully we got
some oatmeal I need some light I need
that oatmeal so rich don't kill me okay
Yomi yeah is anything is there enough Oh
looks great everything's great thank you
no no bad
I've been eating struggle over the over
like a little while let's have a break
no back like us the only things safe
that I'm always like that make me like
super big
no brown sugar
can now have to go up in my room take a
shower get inspired and prepare for this
up o speech you know what I can't seem
to like really get in the room now I'm
just trying to make wise decisions I
know that there's not a lot I can eat
because of Rach but there's a vending
machine in here
there's only ice machine in here okay
I just knew like I just need like some
I'm hungry like I'm I'm not bored but
I'm like I can't think
yeah there we go
all right
welcome to mana mony
okay can't have none of these
see
there's a problem
they look fresh
are you spreche
it's not your real food thing let's just
go with this I cannot buy this Thanks
are you the youtuber I am we were we saw
you in the lobby earlier so what's your
name so you can look you up yeah I
really wanted to get a cookie
those those cookies got sugar in it
right okay
I really wanted a cookie and I know you
guys think I'm probably still ate a
cookie but I didn't even eat the cookie
I just smelled the cookie and I might
have probably got my two calories from
just the smell of the sugar solarii
gosh it's not that you guys yelling this
is my life in turn on my children my
wife
I gotta get ready to go so this right is
my task and Mike this Mike is like a
lapel mic that I use when I have to
speak and I'm gonna just stay miked up
just in case just so I don't miss
anything really wait before emelita
calls so mafia people say sure I know
what I'm talking about
whoa it's cold out here Wow I thought it
was like getting warmer
yeah because of the ice melting on the
ceiling
I can see the roof somewhere on Devil's
Punchbowl it's actually pretty warm out
here
why is that maybe because of some chant
so we're going on an adventure
do you have a lot of black friends
because black people usually don't do
stuff like this just I'm just saying oh
that's pretty huh Gabby wouldn't do it
all right see me and Gabby of the same
culture but it's cool see them before if
you're gonna fall I'm definitely off
fall because these are Tom's if you're
gonna fall make sure I got the camera on
so we can go viral
deal oh man this is really dope though
all those icicles over there man I feel
like shooting a music video system down
here and check it off low now look I
happen to be I'm heading for Baltimore
we're looking at mono mission I had to
go from the video to finding the video
on the road now roll up on a little
homie told him that Isola so why show no
mercy make rappers by down that's not
the courtesy to leave a hearse to the
water but you can't make him thirsty why
bother with rappers who ain't got really
nothing to offer they up the creek
without a paddle well I guess they
oughta
oh I'm gonna sit up
stop drinking her water no I don't care
what your brother did you saw her get in
trouble for it
why would you do it you have please
don't - that's me and wavelength excuse
me
that is why you cannot take your sisters
ones look at the gross mess of your
water that's what your water should look
like look what your water looks like
it's cloudy
why is your water cloudy it should just
be clear and now eat your sisters water
it's all cloudy probably because of you
when I think about who I am before I'm a
black man from Baltimore who grew up
abused that's no longer Who I am like
that's of the world like because I have
a relationship with Jesus my identity
has literally changed so I forget I'm
black except when I'm like in rooms like
this I'd be like oh shoot
like I'm outnumbered somebody but the
fact that I'm black and then I'm a man
and that I was abused and I'm from
Baltimore it's like a VIP pass it's like
a backstage pass what people identify in
me that light is what they connect to so
the fact that I am black gives me favor
with black people the fact that I'm a
man gives me favor with fathers the fact
that I'm from Baltimore that gives me
favor with impoverished neighborhoods
the fact I was abused
it gives me favor with people who were
grew up in some type of trauma and so
these backstage passes are what we walk
around with so the problem is what
people who have the light is that we
think that the light is supposed to be
shined on the people that we wanted to
shine on in Luke 11 33 no one after
lighting a lamp puts it in a cellar or
under a basket but they put it on the
stand
so those who may enter may see the light
when I first started doing this YouTube
channel my wife didn't want anybody to
know she doesn't like to be like exposed
he doesn't like people to know or like
to be an example the problem is when you
got the light you can't hide you have to
shine
that's it
do you think that's a sick miss Madison
no more all day do you know where she do
of course you do come on Ryan go to bed
feel hurry up so you can go to bed that
was stopped back to sit stop good night
okay we've already said our good night
snuggle hey I urge you okay go to bed
yeah okay
just go up the stairs and go today my
dad want this book it's about us the
shock of baby right but now turn it down
I mean throwing dollars
