what's going on guys believe here from
belief and fatherhood please don't mind
the slobber on my shirt and I he was
sleeping on my chest
this shirt is clean I promise that life
can't get in getting down laughs gang
gang gang down like that laughs listen
today we're gonna break down some notes
parenting notes from the last video okay
we all know that Theo had his best
friend Levi's toy for about a month he
was playing with it in secret and then
our special informant broke it down to
us that he had taken it from his friends
house and snitched on them yes little
whoo your riot beau is a snitch and I
congratulate my little man because just
always need a snitch around you me
somebody around and just kind of tell
you what really happened Uriah is such a
snitch that he'll tell on himself you
know I'm saying so what I'm gonna do is
gonna go through the video again and I'm
gonna break down some of the concepts on
the heart behind why I pursued some of
the language I pursued where I feel
where I succeed him and now what I hope
to do from here on out and so let's
break down what happened after that the
next day we found this what is this this
is OPP okay this is someone else's
property this is again Levi's property
and when I approached the boy when he
was sleeping I woke him up morning Brett
hit me in the face I said eh bruh why is
it in my house deed did you take other
things from Levi's house is there more
no that's all he had you cleaned him up
and so we know that he didn't only take
that one thing he took several things
and then after we had that whore deal
and all that stuff went down yesterday
he went over his friends house came back
home I was talking to him and then he
pulls this out of his pocket this is
more OPP okay
so now what we have here is a habit you
know we have an issue that we really
need to nip in the bud so I'm gonna kind
of break down a lot of these things in
this is cool because it's like we're
learning and you're learning with us so
I hope you guys enjoyed this video
okay this video is brought to you by the
good people of patreon so actually gonna
look at the patron version of this video
which is a little bit longer than a
Youtube version
I don't cut as much I let scenes kind of
linger you get to see everything a
little bit more in real time and you get
to hear a little bit more explanations
and a little bit more banter with the
family so those are for people who are
invested they contribute on monthly
income and they get more out of it so if
you want to be a patreon member just go
ahead and hit the link right here and we
can get you signed up for that that's
kind of break down what my
responsibility is here okay as a father
I have the opportunity to teach train
our children to prepare them for life
like as a dad my responsibility is to
train and to teach them for life okay so
these lessons are like it's not oh it's
okay he's just a kid he's only five it's
not that big of a deal you're
overreacting
it's not man you know what he deserves a
spanking and he should never do that
again
like this is a training opportunity and
I have the honor and privilege as a
father to train my children okay that is
a privilege there's so many people who
are deployed or may not be around for
whatever reasons you know what I'm
saying they can't take the time to do
this or they may be working all the time
but I get to attack this head-on and
that is a great opportunity and a
privilege for me as a father
what I want him to take away from this
overall I believe is that he's loved and
that i'ma just steal some language from
my church that he belongs and that
family makes you better okay
it is my belief that life is better as
family that's something that my homie
pero he says I'm life is better as
family so this opportunity it's not like
feels not feel Uriah and I are not here
for the benefit in the glory of me okay
they when they make mistakes it's not uh
why do you make it so hard for me to be
a parent it's not man oh man I just wish
you would just do the right thing it's
not like that it's frustrating for me
and that's my initial thought but the
whole thing is this is gonna make me a
more patient man this is gonna give me
the ability to give more grace to people
this is a learning opportunity for field
he's only five years old he's only been
alive for five years he really doesn't
have a lot of practice making these
decisions now stealing yes it's wrong
you know I mean there's no doubt about
that however I'm glad I have the
opportunity to nip it in the bud at five
and at 6 and at seven and eight so if
I've never had to deal with this and all
of a sudden he's 15 and he's still in a
car then you know I get to deal with it
now instead of dealing with it then and
I might have to deal with it then as
well you know but I'm grateful for the
opportunity that I have right here okay
this is a learning opportunity it's
better that me as a father gets to teach
my kid instead of the world teaching him
you know what I'm saying he learns this
lesson and the police have to intervene
he learned this lesson as somebody
else's parents have to do with it I am
here to Train that's what I'm here for
so this is my chief responsibility
thank you but you sir are a snitch and I
will never trust you now this was a joke
me telling riot he's a snitch was a joke
okay I didn't mean that like I'm never
trusting him ever again however there is
something going on here with you Riya
okay he has a habit of being like my
brother my brother my brother kind of
telling on him if he'll does the same
thing you know I'm saying a sibling
rivalry it's kind of what happens with
siblings it's just just what happens but
Uriah goes from informing me and telling
me what happened
it's a making sure that everybody knows
his brother did something wrong and that
he did you know what I mean like so many
times we'll be hanging out he's like
I'll be like Theo stop whining you have
no reason to cry stop it knock it off
hey there I go go I'm not crying
like I know you're not crying you don't
sin like or he'll be like um how did I
feel you have to be a good listener
you're not listening well right now and
then Ryan go but I'm listening
you know what I'm saying so he's trying
to make sure that I know that he's not
in trouble
and every he wants everybody else to
know that his brothers in trouble that's
what happens so we'll see this again
later on in the video when I'm talking
to Monette on the phone and you're right
he goes can we call him back cuz I gotta
tell him something
rious learning his own lesson about solo
Ryan's loaning his own lesson about what
is appropriate for him to say you know
and I know this is hard for him because
all he wants to do he wants to make
himself look better than his brother
okay he wants to make sure that his
brother is in trouble and he's not
he just wants to that's what he wants to
happen you know and that's childish
you know what I mean it is what it is
and this is something that he's gonna
have to continue to learn over and over
and over again you see what he said
there I don't think I take those
powerful dollars away from him my
brother did like he's trying to remind
me that his brother made a mistake and
he is not guilty but he doesn't
understand is that you and your brother
on the same team you know what I'm
saying like you're gonna have to learn
the same things your brother's learning
it would have been better for him as a
brother to be like yo you better get
those things back to Levi's house next
time you go there because dad's not
gonna like that I mean I notice a very
mature thoughtful three-year-old but
that would have been the better way than
saying hey dad look he does it again
when mom comes downstairs he says wait I
gotta tell my mom something I wanna tell
my mom to say they don't like that's it
he told me man wants to tell his mom and
then he wanted to go to Mona's house and
tell monnet exactly what happened until
Levi and it's like he's bursting at the
seams and it's like he's bursting at the
seams he's spilling all the tea now Theo
I don't know if he's like remorseful as
much as he is like dang I got caught I
don't really understand what's going on
the field but I know he's upstairs at
the moment he's upset you know what I
mean and so I'm trying to deal with okay
how can I like let him calm down and
then embrace you know your ayah but at
the same time let Ryan know that he's
not really in the clear too you know
what I mean but he does know that what
his brother did is worse than what he's
doing at the moment so he doesn't really
care
and so yelling yelling for me is it like
what are those things most like I never
yell I yell a lot actually you know what
I mean
I don't scream but I do yell to get
better attention you know I'm saying so
when I talk to them this way it's not
like oh man you're such a horrible dad
because you yell at your kid like this
is my usual tone with so this is usual
fun this is usual for me to talk to them
and talk to them in this way now a deal
comes downstairs he's obviously upset I
want him to know the weight of what he's
doing so I start talking about the
repercussions of this I talked to him
about what did I say okay you've taken
things from Levi's house before and then
it's not okay
every wills other people's house and
that is not okay you need to be a
responsible young man I'm sorry can I
finish what I'll be an interrupt do you
need to be responsible and not take
things that do not belong to you I'd say
you are the time not to touch my stuff
you touch it anyway and I tell you not
to take you for stuff that's why I check
your pocket sometimes when we need
people's house but you can't go to jail
for taking people's things do you want
the police to come again yeah do you
want me to take you to the jail no do
you want to live here and live nice and
have your own things do you like the
toys that you have okay well I need you
to play with those toys and keep those
you understand okay all right I'm gonna
give these to you okay
okay so now we get to this point where
I'm telling him the repercussions of
things do you know that you can go to
jail for taking other people's stuff do
you want me to take you to jail do you
not like like why I'm trying to get him
to get in his mind like why you know
another thing I should have brought up
that I didn't bring up was that you lose
trust with people when you when you
steal from them that's the real thing
and the thing isn't like oh I don't want
him to steal because it's bad like duh
but I really don't
him to steal because it leads to other
things you know I was just watching
Lavar ball in the ball family and I
watched the whole series on Facebook and
I saw when the Angelo ball stole that
stuff from the Louis Vuitton store it
was because I don't know why he did it
but he had the money like it wasn't like
he didn't like feel lack to something
Theo has enough toys he actually already
had those an injured power stars it came
with the sword he just lost it you know
what I'm saying so he's only thinking
about himself in that way and so I need
him to understand the weight of what
he's doing and so then I was trying to
make him understand this and then Yvette
interrupted
now event in her mom role I believe is
feeling the weight of what I'm saying
it's feeling the weight of what I'm
saying to her son and she's like just
telling me you love him so he's you know
that's her thing I don't feel like I had
to do that I feel like I'm showing him I
love him by giving him the opportunity
to take these things back and teaching
him this is a form of love okay she
I feel like needed to let him know a
little bit more but as soon as I like
heard that from her and I took her
advice things kind of derailed okay and
this is this is basically what happened
in this moment okay so now I tell him I
love him and he's like oh I'm in the
clear cool you know I mean like awesome
nah I didn't want him to think that it
was over I still wanted him to sit in
that wait because my love isn't what you
should be desiring you know what I'm
saying my trust is what you should be
desiring like I'm never gonna stop
loving in I feel like you know this
worried that and I are different when
him and her are going through something
or she's talking to him he goes mom but
you still love me right
and she goes yes I still love you you
know that's something that they got
going on you know what I mean I don't
have that same thing going on the fact
that I talked to you a certain way or
I'm telling you I'm that doesn't mean I
don't love you I love you more because
I'm doing this thing you know what I
mean
and so that's just where me and her
differ and that's where things kind of
went away because I noticed he was
starting to celebrate the fact that I
loved him and not sitting the weight of
him doing something wrong you know what
I mean so I kind of overreacted listen
listen and then she goes give him a hug
again he thinks he's in the clear
there's a point when there's a time for
hugs
and there's a time for stern talking-to
there's a time for discipline is a time
for all that at that moment that wasn't
the time for hugs he should have gotten
a hug
garlis but I think Theo sees the
affection as a way to celebrate and
that's what that wasn't really what I
was trying to get across now I wanted
him to understand the weight of what he
was doing okay so that tone I take right
there I do not like when you'd like to
steal I do not like that about you you
know said when I say that I speak to
them like that a lot you know that's not
new
tones or anything like that that's not
anything that would set them off
normally but because he was in the
company of other people mainly Yvette he
was like ah I can't take this this is
embarrassing I don't like it the only
thing I can do now is a search for the
sympathy that I need and I want you know
what I mean if she wasn't there if I
wasn't sitting in front of Yvette I
believe that whole thing would have went
totally different now as I'm saying this
to him if you look closely you're gonna
see I say I do not like that you like
this steel he's paying attention to me
then he looks over at his mom and he
starts to look for the sympathy that he
wants pay attention to his eyes looks
back at me
and so I met him where he needed to be
met I gave him a hug when he started
crying he wasn't crying because he felt
bad he was crying because he wanted
sympathy and he doesn't get any sympathy
for taking people stuff you know what I
mean
I know sin is the issue but there's
still a responsibility that we have to
wear with that I messed up I gotta do
the right thing I'm sorry you know he
never apologized forgetting he never he
never said sorry to me I had to tell him
to say sorry he's more upset that he had
to go head-to-head with his own problem
oh when I tell them now I need you to
stand up I need you to stand in what
you're sitting in okay I need you to
take responsibility for what you did
stand up stop crying this is you bruh so
at this point I can't communicate with
him anymore you know saying like he's
not even hearing me
he's just sympathy sympathy sympathy
sympathy like I'm saying I'm sad I'm
upset I I don't care anything about what
you're saying I just want to feel better
someone help me feel better like that's
what he's crying that's what I believe
he's saying when he's crying so because
I can't communicate with him I can't
talk to him you gotta go you know so I
sent him away
for him to calm down and this and this
happens all the time you know what I'm
saying like I say Amen you can't do that
you can't do this he gets upset
Sep throws a fit he still has tantrums
this doesn't mean he has an anger
problem this doesn't mean he has anger
issues this is just childishness this is
what happens when you're a child you
know you you throw tantrums sometimes
this is not an anger issue he's just
upset he doesn't know how to formulate
his words he doesn't know how to stand
on his own he doesn't know how to deal
with this this is awkward behavior and
most of us as humans at this point don't
know how to apologize don't know how to
meet when we wrong don't know how to
deal with a lot of the issues that we
have so we avoid we avoid we avoid you
know what I'm saying we avoid so that we
don't have to come to those Tantrums
because we might lash out
and I just think this is part of growing
up so on our car ride we actually had a
lot more conversations that I I kept
telling them like you know how would you
feel if I went to Grandma's house and
took her TV you know I mean how would
you feel that this and I kept trying to
get him to get it but he didn't get it
you know I'm saying and so this lesson
is gonna take a lot longer to learn and
that's okay I'm gonna be here when he
does it again and again and again and
again and um that's my responsibility as
a father to train him when he does step
out of line you know what I mean like
this is a training opportunity now we're
gonna talk about this little segment
right here when Thiele says I'm having a
hard life he wasn't having our life when
he took those things he wasn't having a
hard life when he had him I was playing
with him for a month he wasn't having a
hard life at all until he came
face-to-face with his issue that's hard
you know I understand that
and it's very mature of him to even say
like I don't want to be in this position
at that point is when I felt like he had
the most remorse is when he said I'm
having a hard life like I just can't be
right
and a lot of us in that same way we just
can't get right you know
would you say you have a hard life well
that's definitely true go ahead knock at
door here he had every right I mean like
I didn't want to do anything for him I
if I could have made him Drive I would
have you know what I mean
if he had to knock on the door he had to
say everything he had to say
that's responsibility you know get used
to saying I'm sorry
get used to confessing your sins cuz you
gonna be doing it for the rest of your
life and if you don't someone will rat
you out hopefully is not your brother
okay now look pay attention to deals
face here I wish I could zoom in pay
attention to deals face he's upset he's
mad he's finally face-to-face with his
issue like he look at his whole like he
didn't even want to say it like you can
see like the pride in him at five I
stole that from me like he didn't want
to say it you know normal totally normal
we do this as grown-ups what we have
here is pride issues he doesn't have an
anger issue he doesn't have he doesn't
have an anger issue or love issues he
has pride issues like we all have you
know that's what you get when you see
the fronting of his face when he has to
say something apologize that's what you
get when you you see them stomping away
into the corner and standing in the
corner and crying like that's a pride
thing it's not an anger thing and so as
a father I have the opportunity to help
mold him and help
in this way this is a great privilege
and if you're a father you're a mother
you're a parent you have a great
privilege in front of you these little
obstacles are training opportunities for
our kids when they get into a real world
they can make the right decisions I am
training my children to leave the house
and go on to be better people okay I
believe that great people make great
families produce great children go on to
do great things okay and those of us who
don't come from great families we still
have that grace to do great things as
well but I do believe that I want to
train my child to do the right thing
make the right decisions confess his
sins and just be apologetic if he needs
to be
these are awesome things that we have in
front of us
so the theme behind what I'm doing is
that I want feel to know he's loved that
he belongs in this family I want him to
know that family to make you better I
want him to know that it's okay to mess
up but it's best to be trusting in Here
I am of another opportunity to show him
these things because just the other day
he went over his friend's house and came
home and pulled this out of his pocket
I've got to cut these pockets out so I
want him to know all these things but
he's gonna need a little motivation you
know he's gonna need maybe not threats
he's gonna need a lot of follow-through
he's probably gonna need a reminder they
definitely ain't gonna be needing these
pockets though you know I'm saying so
well I guess what I hope you guys take
away from this is that you know how
valuable you are as a parent you know as
a father I feel extremely invaluable
when these type of things happen and
then I get to be kind of the first
person who gets to deal with these
things and as a parent like that's how
important your position is you see if it
works yeah so it's gonna go right
through we get to turn kids into like
amazing citizens and world changers but
that doesn't come easy like it comes
with a lot of work and because we know
and I know I'm doing this all wrong if
you saw out there then I apologize you
know and I know a lot of us have a lot
on our plate we're dealing with work and
attitudes and all types of other stuff
you may have six kids and a teenager and
you know you've got a child who steals
something that can kind of feel like the
end of the world or like the world is
beating you up but I just want to remind
you how important you are and how much
you're gonna teach you know and how much
your kids are gonna grow from these
experiences and how much this gonna make
you a better parent as well thank you
guys so much for watching I appreciate
your viewership we are almost out of
Honey ki
super excited for that but if you're
looking for more opportunities to spend
quality time with your children make
sure that you find those times a good
way to do that is bedtime stories I grew
up on dr. Seuss and there's tons of
bedtime stories and books out there but
if you want to support us and what we're
doing you can always check out my book I
just put it up for pre-order on my
website it's called it's bedtime now it
looks back on some of the hard times of
putting kids to bed if you guys watch
the show you know this is a theme over
and over and over in the show you can
pre-order that right here I really
appreciate your support particularly I
could keep in network popping and
remember that life is better as family
