last week we put a video out of us
working out at the YMCA in one of our
neighbors is actually a personal trainer
he saw the video and asked us if he
could trade his services for help with
social media
bro you guys are in a little bit of a
30-year rhythm off so that it's nothing
I'm gonna make it inconvenient so that
the transformation is so yeah I get
those meals I get those dropped off yeah
right here 7:40 at the bottom and I
should be able to go through each page
on your journal go boom boom boom boom
you're down two bounces let me get you
all ready go just right there by whoa
yeah
before how many years ago that set em in
but I wasn't eating out my best there my
arms were I always all right here we go
see now that's my success and
immediately after that at our first
workout session is mommy gonna throw up
who's gonna throw up first
I'll work that with this guy before
don't watch Ninja Turtles Power Rangers
you go watch whatever you want I didn't
told you I got way too much on my plate
I can't have a little movie I can't take
no more hey I don't want no more saw I
know how with chase I'm ready to eat so
let me save my grace
let me save monk grace let me save my
grace let me say monk grace let me say
gee I'm okay let's look at Betelgeuse
government give us boys and go to sleep
on my boots I be ready for war all the
reducing troops I'm a ready for tour all
I need is a food journal okay I choose
Metallica bitter truth cops right behind
me I'm chopping attended to I'll be
ready to die at least on my tennis shoes
I'm I'm gonna don't you cry they put it
up on the news
instead a necktie but noise is he
running for his life or is that an ape
on the loose
come on son if I die I believe clothes
but I not find where they come for you I
am black I can't help it
the truth hurts and I felt it the fuck
like that I'm selfish if I thought that
I'm selling Brady don't you know that
I'm dedicated honk if I'll never make it
now kids y'all never said I'm worth
morning your intimidation during
learning some assimilation I don't trust
your administration I wanna talk about
this but I can't erase everything
let me go lie down do you know how many
calories are in 3600 oh so 3600 calories
if there's one coming okay so if I said
okay you gotta lose one pound of fat
that means we've got to create a 3600
calorie deficit to lose that power a lot
of people when they go okay I'm gonna go
on a fast crash diet or something
the majority with it loses water works I
feel like it's gonna be a lot of milk I
feel like I just need to get out of my
shit like I don't want a meal that I'm
doing that's what's gonna be like key to
my success you want to buy more
Tupperware yeah I feel like the exercise
is going to be difficult
yeah I am
I mean I just like beans like I was
doing today that was even a hard workout
but it was like
the funny thing is is like when I go to
the gym when I go to the gym I do my
favorite things yeah you know I'm saying
the things I like to do we he's like
yeah you gonna do this and I'm like why
are we doing this I would never have to
make this movement but I think it's
gonna be good yeah the finest
ingredients are right in the mix last
year I had a goal to hit 100,000
subscribers and I didn't hit that goal
but we showed it hit close and I wasn't
actively paying attention to the numbers
I just knew if I worked hard enough it
can happen but writing it down there's
something about writing it down so not
only you but other people can see it
don't be embarrassed by your goals or
shame when you don't reach them be
embarrassed when you have nothing to
accomplish be embarrassed for the people
that don't believe in you let them know
what you're headed so they can decide to
pick up the pace
tell them that you're coming and so they
can move over when you get there and
when you write down your goals don't be
ashamed to hold them all in your head
high not because it rules over you but
when your body protests against you you
can protest back and say I made these
commitments to myself
and I will not let you in only writing
it down won't get you there but it makes
what I was brewing in your heart a
physical thing it makes it personal so
if by chance you accomplish that goal
you inspire others when they see you do
it the first cut on this record has been
cross format
hello hello hello look at me
I've been fresh I've been walking with
my Savior yes I'm trying to do my best I
guess I'm just a bag of balls trying to
shake up by the flesh when you see me
never stretch when you see me see me see
me you say hello hello hello
lucky me I'll bet friends I've been
walking with my Savior yes I'm trying to
do my best guess I'm just a backup on
trying to shake your bottom when you see
me Grayson please every species I've
been on a quest and not been trying to
write my roles until today none of them
left there's nothing new the Sun of the
Sun and some of them still a mess so
when you see a son of a gun and you
don't need the stress your big shout out
the hellofresh for feeding us then it's
a night they believe that we tonight
should not be stressful with just 30
minutes of cook time you can enjoy a
nutritious meals that even the kids
enjoy if you have it yet signed up for
hello fresh and put $30 off your first
border a hello fresh make sure you use
my promo code believe
so of course this song is available on
patreon if you want any of the music
that I do on this channel you can always
go on patreon in and get that music you
don't intend that's the only way you'll
really get it is if you go on patreon
and you sign up and you'll get a link to
so hi baby
so yeah this joint is produced by my
homie Jay Rutgers follow him on
Instagram and it's written by me yeah
man grace peace secular Cuban Network
pop in peace
