Raya pick up the spider-man and put it
away that's okay yeah I want to we've
partnered with the Ad Council on behalf
of understood org understood org is a
free resource and community to help
parents of kids with learning and
attention issues like dyslexia and ADHD
one in five children have learning and
attention issues they affect how a
children learns not what they can learn
or what they're capable of as a kid who
had trouble focusing in school I often
wonder what my children will be like and
if eventually they do go to school how
their teachers were interact with them
I believe it's parents and future
parents we need more resources to teach
us about the things that our kids may be
dealing with
oh okay listen so we're gonna do a
simulation yeah
excuse me sir you we're gonna do a
simulation so we need you guys okay okay
Rahil blow riah bow look how much steel
has left student through your child's
eyes reading issues kids with reading
issues often mixed up the letters and
words they're trying to identify they
have to work hard to sort out the
confusion play a game to see how this
feels
we've switched some letters click to
swap them back ready yes
you're gonna go first okay what is it my
young sign he's bad he's been right
smack that meeting
oh it tells you right here yeah
I'm 18 did I miss something oh really
whaling waiting oh you've made us you
you did it
that was kind of stressful especially
the time away I feel like that's what
kids like are gonna have issues with too
because they have to do this stuff they
have to do things that they're not used
to doing for the same spy at the same
speed as people who can't get it with no
problem you don't have sand so if I was
so if I'm Dyslexic which I believe I am
I still have to read the same books in
the same time how and no it's just one
straight here no stop
you listen to me I am this thing I feel
like I would have to read the same books
in the same amount of time as you who
may not have the same reading issue
you don't understand so the time is
actually giving more anxiousness to
that's what kids with I mean is it
reading issues experience every day
imagine how frustrating this must feel
but there is good news while kids want
outgrown reading issues you can work
with your child to develop strategies
that will help
thank you for experiencing through your
child's eyes let's do it again okay to
doing it what grade is your child
currently in let's go tween school okay
well who's the kid were thinking about
you're right
we love your idea we do what we did but
we know that he's his attention just
isn't he you know he focuses differently
you know so it could be a genius yeah
yeah I think he is a genius I definitely
think he's a genius I feel like I'm a
genius you know saying you know that I
have learning and attention issues
kids who have trouble staying focused
and paying attention can have a tough
time
pleading even give you a sense of what
those charges might feel like for your
child
okay wait books we're gonna play a game
in this game we're gonna find homes for
the animals listen to me carefully
in front of you are some animal cards
and a grid I'm going to tell you where
to move each animal card so every animal
ends up in the right place on the grid
are you ready
everyone take the snake now take the
blue and put it on the kangaroo it's
Dylan are you okay now take the monkey
put it on here is that yours on the
floor Mady pay attention look at the
octave yeah weird now looks at the
elephant Jacob and Sophia please stop
put the elephant on the bird
my game is missing a piece already now
flip your cards what do you see so close
yes I do see you know but barely I like
this it's a really good teacher because
like so many like I don't know if the
teacher like some of those noises that
the kids were making or some of the
comments that they were making oh she
was trying to give instruction I don't
even know if the teacher fully knew that
the kids were saying that like if she
was aware that that was an extra layer
of noise you know because she could
probably hear the truck outside and the
kids playing on the playground but she
probably doesn't know what else was
being said conversation well I mean like
if you just think about it - like Mariah
would like when he's when I asked him to
do something it's like riot can you
please put the topic that it's
pie-der-man up and put him in it and
then you got her doing that you know
what I'm saying riot can u please plus
the TV's on right can you please pick up
the spider-man and put it away
riah pick up the spider-man and put it
away that's okay dad
yeah I want to and then sometimes feel
would do it before he does it because
he's like he's watching the whole thing
it's really bad I feel bad and most this
will do is is I feel like make us more
understanding
hopefully understood that I seriously am
going to be sentience in my teacher for
yeah geez we should have this is what's
happening right now
Nanaia has exactly so she has seen one
subscriber chin she likes the way my
beard feels on her chin so this is how
she gets its crassness she loves it
see now she's doing okay sees her
brother if your child struggles with
reading writing math focus or
organization visit understood.org for
free resources and tools
