is there anyone who knows what Christmas
is all about Charlie Brown I can tell
you what Christmas is all about lights
please he said all I want for Christmas
is some presents but I mean not the kind
of come in boxes but to come that come
with lessons II don't mean the part but
a cute way some dresses she just needs a
father figure gifted with some essence
that's enough I thought I needed so
first of all I want to thank grandma
grandpa for sponsoring this Christmas
okay because we don't get our kids any
gifts but they do
can I get your cell phone number let me
see whoa you got a bag a new bag oh my
goodness
hello who is this
let's try it on let's see if it works
get up the Phaedo whoa
oh my god excuse me excuse me bring your
butt down here now bring your foot down
you bring your butt here guess what we
open it up now son let's take this ball
and give it to somebody else
babe that was very bad and entitled that
was very horrible but he's four you know
saying but he cannot I think I thought
something has to happen though you know
saying you can't just act like that
didn't happen
Feliz Navidad came over early it's not
the same when you over 30 denies that
Bashar I see the problem with the fee
and talking with my Dreamgirl like I'm
Jimmy early today is Christmas right
what does that mean okay so let's see
this right here there's a present some
of the presents have a T on them for
Theo press are you on them for your Raya
this present you opened what was inside
of it the first president you opened
that is so awesome
all that came out of that box what is
the first present year I opened a phone
why you got
well feel look there are other presents
down there you didn't open this present
so you don't know if that was a phone
and you need to say what's this letter
okay what's this letter this is thank
you this right here which you did when
you got your doctor soup grandma got you
a doctor soup
listen be quiet okay well mommy grandma
got you her your doctor she inside of
that thing was a stethoscope like dr.
McStuffins has it was a thermometer in
there you got all this stuff in that
thing but all you did was look at your
rice phone grandma gave you something in
your eyes instead of looking at what you
got you look past that and you look at
your rice phone you didn't even see what
grandma gave you so you never said thank
you it doesn't matter what that is you
didn't even get to see it because you
didn't look in the box you were so rude
to grow mom and Grandpa do you
understand what you did what did you do
and you were looking at your ayahs stuff
instead of your stuff I want you to stop
and attention to your brother and what
he's doing okay you're always looking at
what he gets to do what he's not
that stuff I want you to focus on you
what this is when you do this and you go
and look look at this when you go and
you look at your ayahs stuff uh-huh
right and your brother is playing with
his toy and he's hanging out playing
with his toy listen listen while he's
doing this and play with his toy you
need to not be looking at him you need
to be focusing on your stuff and say
thank you this is called being grateful
all I'm saying is when you get a gift
you're grateful you get when you get a
gift you are grateful okay even if you
don't want it you are not to act like
that
so you're gonna go downstate and say
sorry and you gotta say thank you you
don't have to come down now if you don't
want you can come down now it doesn't
matter that's fine you I shall later
mother to tell you and I'm gonna kill
herself all right son yeah
good job Theo now open these presents I
really wanted to see change
I thought Theo was really gonna soak up
everything I was trying to explain to
him but all he wanted to do was get back
to the presence and even when he got
back downstairs I still had to remind
him to stop focusing on your I his gifts
and be content with his own I think as a
parent first I want him to understand
this because no one wants to raise
ungrateful children it kind of happens
by accident you look up after giving
your kids everything you didn't have and
think man you don't appreciate anything
but it's really not about being a parent
right now because God has shown me so
much more about myself as a son often I
find myself looking at the gifts that
other people have instead of focusing on
my own I am Theo I am the man that while
receiving a gift from God will look at
my brother's gift and say I want one of
those too
I thank God for revealing that to me
today the beautiful thing about God is
that he has so much more to give us so
even when we looking in our peripherals
at our brothers gifts he has something
much greater for us all to receive
Oh Lord my God
Christmas go hard this is no sarcasm I
can't fathom all them blessings I can't
add them
I can't even click on my god and drag
them why you not see you could be nice
why you salty spicy usually also cow I
never need ice and ugly spit a hell and
I never kiss and tell
and I'll need a rhyme or reason
cuz a cop bring to it to the world gonna
give in to the poison the guns to the
last lipids and a holiday or season it's
like a bike it a little Holy Ghost I
didn't limit on a holiday cheer like God
is a mess all year last month ain't no
bike here
Black Friday black guys we should
publicize it comes no surprise - Joyce
deep inside we can't even get a
Christmas tree - Charlotte day that's
alright I got my family so I'm ok
Christmas is only a couple days away
eggnog getting on your dog no come back
for no profit no soreness in the kitchen
it's our turn to do the dishes it I got
stuck in your furniture minute
