it was gonna guys believe here from
belief and fatherhood this video right
here picks up exactly where we left off
right after I got off the plane we had
some time to kill so we went to the
grand opening of the YMCA down in San
Diego it was really dope is Jackie
Robinson YMCA and it's right in
southeast San Diego and so a part of my
promotion I really wanted to kind of I
don't know show more love to the local
scene here and I feel like the YMCA is a
great place for us so we actually got a
membership so this is where this video
picks up right here this new YMCA will
allow us to touch even more on new
services that go terrible all of us
realize again welcome
tellers scriptures old come here and
essentially for two hours while the
periscope dirty work out they can come
here and we have certified people that
sit can actually watch them since it's
been around here for so long that it's
really evolved and evolved with the
community is as they evolved so we've
changed to keep pace with the times and
also to serve the needs of our
communities now about the exam page of
Kemeny is so deserving of
I think a lot about legacy and what
they'll say about me when I'm gone the
stories they'll tell and to be honest my
mind can not stop dreaming about how I
finished the race so much so that I
forget about today
I wonder if Jackie Robinson ever knew
how big his legacy big become when he
was at batting practice he was out in
the field when he faced all that
disrespect and ignorance I wonder if he
ever dreamed that people will be
improving their quality of life under
his name I guess it's kind of sad that
he only got to see a small portion of
the fruit of his labor but it's
interesting that he worked hard as if
you could see it anyway all right he's
gone I can actually wait ribose hair is
so gross-looking I can't take it anymore
I thought I was doing something super
super cool with it you know but it just
turns out it's not coming out the way I
expected it to come here level one
so he is so handsome in this hair it's
just not working so I think I'm gonna
have to cut at least the turn this way
I'm at least gonna have to cut the back
cuz it's just all shredded up and I
thought it was gonna be cute but it's
not cute wha do you like your hair I'm
gonna cut it okay first I gotta cut your
hair and then we're gonna wash you up so
what does that mean means you have to be
what good how are you doing baby
double box troll appear we keep it on
the move I'm not a dual sleep type of
writer I do sleep
you can blame Theophilus uriah or Ania
Papa did you retire
yeah when I was fire have some effects
yeah we go on free form how we taking
them naps keep on keep on instagramming
them snaps they'll be mad cuz I'm black
just mad cuz I snap every time that I've
wrapped around his presence best believe
I stayed gifted i ribbon in and say I
don't get high but stay lifted and oh
Lord
up there you might seek a bellboy
hey buddies hey buddies buddies hey
buddies Sam I am that Sam I am that Sam
I am I do not like that sam-i-am
do you like green eggs and ham are you
looking at the book I do not like them
Sam I like green eggs and ham I do I
like them sam-i-am
well eat them in a box I will eat them
with the box I will eat them in a house
I will eat them with a mouse I won't eat
them here there I don't eat them
anywhere I do so like green eggs and ham
Thank you Thank You sam-i-am alright so
cake you know
so thank you for Queen that's a game
back so you said step back so the camera
can see you thank you taking a barium so
that'll help now we need a good sweet
yeah that's why we saw yeah we just like
you know we did right you said like yeah
yeah angry else did we go to the did you
get a haircut yeah yeah I got a haircut
yeah
I was here to house again I say good
night good night today yeah yesterday
yeah with my haircut now Salah are you
wet mass because you can't talk thank
you guys so much for watching this is
Thanksgiving week if you celebrate
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving happy
holidays to you this Wednesday I have a
video coming out just talking about what
the holidays are like for us and also it
shows our love Thanksgiving menu and
also this week we do the trip turkey
trot we skip what couple years but we
usually do the ticket ride every year
and basically that's running a 5k on
Thanksgiving morning
you know try to like cut those pounds
off so is there anything Thanksgiving
tradition so you guys having any
Thanksgiving traditions let me know in
the comment section below and I see you
all Wednesday particular a few Network
pop turn it around so we can see no no
turn that turn it around so we can see
the red riding on there right bow bow
bow ronbo rifle you see the thing in
your hand show me the writing on there
yeah man okay
