you ready come on let's go enough all
done
come on now you can't take that up there
okay come here yes let's take two more
and then we're gonna go yeah here baby
yo what's up y'all sorry I'm late
we are at the sampling part and and is
hungry so you can't go jump right now
but we are at the altitude trampoline
park here's an eyes eye and I say hi say
hi okay you're gonna leave your baby
right here okay now let's go let's go
let's go you ready
yeah I'm ready let's go go go go go oh
my god
come on buddy
come on let's go this way this way this
way all right so we are we are at the
altitude trampoline part and Vista this
is a really dope place because it's just
so big and like there's not a lot of
people here and so we just get to run
around and have fun what's up baby yeah
you want to jump here the can I can I
hold this for you okay let's jump come
on come on
good turn do it do it do it do it baby
yeah man so I know that I missed
Monday's videos and let me see you okay
oh come on buddy you could do it I'm
looking I'm looking yeah yeah - Oh buddy
good job what you want you want to watch
so I know I missed Monday's episode yes
you want me to try it okay I'll try hold
on he wants me to try it let me flip
this around all right let's see if I
could good what do I supposed to do do
so anyway yeah Wow so I know I miss
Monday's episode and so I'm trying to
you know every year we have a Halloween
party percent reviews have a big
Halloween party I was having a hard time
put together the story for this one and
so I finally figured it out after
yesterday
Wow did y'all see me like bust my face
just now look at night go ahead baby go
go you can do it right don't push her
back up go now yeah go ahead
oh I want you guys to battle let's go
let's go ahead and battle then you gonna
battle you and your brother come on
right let's do it
what do you guys think you're gonna win
oh and also super big news my creators
for chains project comes out on the 12th
of November and so I'm ready for this
hold on field you got to back up look a
ride he's stuck come on buddy you need
help all right
here's the battle here's the battle all
right here we go hold on stop stop stop
all right who is team Raya whose team
Raya who's team do hash tag it hash tag
here we go
I did not do the YouTube black Oh deal
you so you punked out my turn my turn
so just so you guys know boom so just so
you guys know I did not go to the
YouTube black event I think it was I
think you had to have like 150,000
subscribers and I don't have that yet so
I wasn't invited but I was kind of like
yo like if you - black is a thing I feel
like we are one of the most black
channels on the platform but maybe we're
not but um but you know I've seen a
certain criteria that happens which each
with each thing and I totally understand
that if we go around to chocolate babies
wrong to do you can't jump off you
didn't hit him off
you did win good job buddy
look at night just over there living her
best life yeah I see you girl oh my
goodness oh my goodness all right it's
like my favorite thing to do is run
across these jumps yeah yeah I'm using a
stabilizer for this thing so it looks
all smooth hopefully that's not making
you guys nauseous Oh
flip flip there it is
Wow you're getting up there rideable Wow
didn't even realize the image wasn't
shaky that's dope
what's poppin with y'all man oh yeah if
you send us some nerf guns we're
definitely gonna have a nerf war it's
definitely gonna happen I'm gonna flip
them around so you guys can see me and
the kids yeah if you send us a nerf some
nerf guns it's definitely going down so
go ahead and send that there all the
kids now it feels right there they are
having the time of their life
they do have a you to date what's up you
want me to come with you guys all right
they do have YouTube events for family
they're just not put on by you to VidCon
is one of the events that has very like
family-friendly a lot of family friendly
friendly access I'm coming buddy I'm
coming so shout out the VidCon Pincott
is gonna be dope this year what's up
buddy I'm watching hold on let me flip
the camera go ahead okay
all right here he goes go now yeah oh
come on nice I do it again do it again
do it again
all right Stern nice turn I'm watching
right go ahead watch out for your sister
that's good over
go riot bowl
we got Naya she's so cute look how fast
he's going guys yeah so anyway we're
still raising money for the front
Channel
let it go let it go still raise the
money for the Frank Channel
we're almost at six thousand dollars so
I appreciate your support for that I
appreciate you guys support and it means
a lot no thank you yes go ahead get it
what what did I miss
oh you guys want to go play dodgeball
come on come on right
all right so I'm gonna try to hit two
guys and you get nyah come on baby come
on
okay let's do this
I see snooping around this one
what up y'all just gonna play dodgeball
with the kids
Anaya and me it gets rowdy and feel
the kids are being homeschooled Theo
attends a Learning Academy one day a
week and then on Thursdays he goes to
karate so yet his first day of school
was the first day of learning Academy
I am tired you guys having fun
alright well come on let's do this come
on you guys got to try to hit me and I
can't get up watch this
oh good throw Raya go ahead do try to
hit me
Oh what's wrong nyah
what's wrong I'm here I you this time
who which one should I hit with why I
may hit Riya
go go go go go go go go go Jerome boom
Oh nice dive Ryan as you can see I'm
super sweaty now alright I'll have any
balls your turn try to hit me oh you
missed try again
Oh miss y'all stand right here go ahead
try to hit me oh you got me
what's our buddy what's out
yeah but anyway I'll blow it up any any
questions or anything like that if you
guys have any questions
yeah riah like I was gonna turn stuff
into fighting yes okay
alright alright guys any questions you
guys may have the deal choose karate
over other options well yeah
Co keep trying
come on Maya come on out you shot it
good job Bo Riya hey you guys got to
take turns okay yeah
Ryan watch out so I can see your brother
Ryan watch out oh good job do you did
make it
all right now it's Ryan's turn come here
nya come here baby I'm watching buddy oh
good job right Bo all right so Theo
didn't have any other options
you bet signed him up for karate and I
was just like all right cool I'm
partially a little against the karate
because I feel like he's too broad and I
feel like they could be learning like
attack technical I never told you about
this stuff so it's not it's not her
fault but they could be learning more
tactical you know like ways to use their
body and their weight and different
grappling so I'd rather do jujitsu but
yeah would we ever lock a nice hair
probably not you got is totally anti
lock for the baby she has her daughter
and her daughter you know she won't
start to look a certain way and I think
that's a part of like the
mother-daughter experience is that we
can actually like they can bond just
like the old and Brian I bond through
cutting hair in like twisting locks Ania
and
that can bond through that you know I'm
saying when did you both decide to
invest in your family dreams and do the
unconventional would you say it was a
success any regrets you know to know if
it's a success or not is this kind of
it's kind of it's kind of hard to
determine at this point the way we truly
gonna like examine success is if you
know my kids grow up and they're not
like presenting their lives being
broadcasted you know what I mean so it's
hard for me to say it's a success right
now I think we both desired you betters
our desire me desire for me to do
something I love and she wanted to do
education but she realized that
education was taking a lot of time away
from her being a mother and so she
decided to invest time with her being a
mother and that was kind of the decision
at that point do I think I'm a good dad
I don't know you're not saying like it's
a difference between what happens on
camera and what happens off camera I
think I don't know if I'm a good dad I
mean who am i comparing that to you know
what I'm saying I don't know it's hard
to say I say I'm trying my hardest to
make the best decisions I can every day
when I mess up I apologize but I
wouldn't say I wouldn't go around
advertising yeah I'm a good dad you know
even though sometimes kind of like yeah
but that's only through pride you know
what I mean so I would never ever say
I'm a good dad or someone else's a bad
father it's hard for me to just say that
you know I'm saying are you guys the
only one there no oh cool man
go ahead oh nice Brian wants to show you
how high he's whooping right now no
we're not the only ones here there are
other people here altitude and Vista I
think I want to do a meet-up here one
day I think that'd be kind of dope if
anybody's in a Cali area and they want
to come down and meet us you want to
meet up here all our kids play together
I think it'll be pretty fun have you
ever thought about athletics they have
great running posture do ania
baby no no baby come this way Thanks um
yeah so yeah Sports for sure Yvette is
anti football I'm cool with everything
else I like tennis a lot for our babies
we love tennis event and I would bond to
play tennis together it was a way for us
to get together we love tennis the
definition of success subjective that's
a good topic you're right have you ever
hit your kids yeah spanking them several
times it's not something I advocate
doing I think I iced pink out of
frustration I have made it a habit not
to do it in a very long time although
just recently I walked in on them
fighting and it did not end well Maya
come here baby
bless you
is that too out for that hat this is
kind of my style I love beanies happy
happy blessing you want some water you
want to get some water some snacks
bless you an eye is 18 months I think
she might be 19 months now
why anti-football you gotta ask you bet
that if you want to jump you have to
keep it on Papa has his look look now
Papa hisses yeah we both have one let's
get some more questions and my plan on
coming to Paris I would like to come to
Paris one day I'd like to come with the
family I really want to travel with the
family and that's it is what it is or at
least my wife doing doing my music time
when I was M seeing and wrapping this
stuff
I I traveled alone I travel with a bunch
of guys and it just wasn't that wasn't
it for me so I do not want to do that at
all what do you find the hardest part
when trying to balance being a full-time
father concentrator just that you know
like my wife is full-time I'm full-time
as well I don't think I ever turned the
father hat off but like my desire being
a full-time content creator and father
is my desire to climb like that's the
hardest part I have a huge desire to win
in the YouTube space Nuys I she's
touching that lady don't do that come on
let's walk I have a huge desire to like
do well when make money for my family
make money for the community change the
community change people's perception I
have a huge desire to win in that way
and sometimes because it's so I put it
to you like this I just said this on a
recent how married are you podcast the
last one that came out when I was
younger I used to daydream and like
think of ideas and people would
encourage me to get my head out of the
clouds you know I'm saying like stop
dreaming stop doing all of this like you
know thoughts around like drawing or
music like that's all the facade that's
never gonna happen and so now I realize
that those things actually can make me
money so when I have I feel like I'm
dreaming too much so I have to get it my
head out of the clouds I'm reminded that
I am allowed to do that you know what
I'm saying and so it's actually one of
the things that's been most encouraging
throughout this whole process because
it's like yo like I get to dream and
like put my ideas into action for money
and so when my sometimes my dreams kind
of like trickle away all my ideas
trickled away and then I'm like oh shoot
I'm allowed to do this come back guys
come back
and so yeah that's part of it you ever
find yourself unconsciously falling into
habits of your parents that you were
criticized before of course yeah I mean
you don't really know the why behind
your parents reasons for doing things
until you become a parent you know and
now that I'm a parent I understand why
my parents just was like yo because I
said so
and that's all I really have time to
explain to you right now so yes and
anger - anger issues I think we all have
anger issues what's up buddy what's up
so what'd you say Oh No thank you
hey excuse me sir go ahead but he'd go
ahead and jump yes
no I can't do it back loose
now you be careful please
oh nice no cuz it says no climbing who I
don't know who right okay I understand
that but yeah is this not it that's a
different place okay yeah
nice that was pretty cool that was
awesome whoa watch out watch out baby
good job Theo alright so any more
questions I'm gonna cut this to end
eventually be showing up soon I actually
want to believe her father using welfare
money man I wish I worked for everything
I get everything what will you do if
your kids go to jail when they get older
I don't know what would you why why who
are you sir hi
boo-hoo-hoo-hoo hi what's your name
Johnny so nice to meet you Johnny do you
do you know my name do you know my name
okay do you do you do you have parents
here okay say hi to Grandma all right
yeah yeah that's mine
how old are you all right cool
I think your grandma's calling me I
think she yes she's she's looking over
yeah it's very nice to meet you sir
so I'll be getting nervous around other
people kids that I don't know you know
what I'm saying
like it just puts me into position kind
of like y'all come on bro
this ain't right bro you know I'm saying
like I don't know what your people
thinking but shout-out to Johnny though
he coming back
ah yo if trolls come in here don't don't
pay attention to those people you know
I'm saying like y'all know what we do
over here yeah I know what belief and
fatherhood is about so don't feel like
you know you guys got a UH you know you
guys gotta respond to him what do you
mean that's not nice house to to other
people kids first of all that kid should
know not to come up to a stranger talk
to a stranger that's one - he kept
telling me to put down my phone and he
kept asking me questions about my phone
you know saying one like if that was my
friend's child I would have told them to
go away you know saying while I was
talking to you guys unless their parents
were okay with them being on camera
you guys got to understand I could get
sued for putting someone's child on
camera like I don't have to be nice to
these kids out here I don't know these
kids I mean like I'm very nice and
cordial but at the same time it's like
yo if my kid would do that I would tell
them not to do that you know what I'm
saying like I don't got no problem with
nobody's complexion or color or not like
that but kids gotta know how to even a
four-year-old I guess that's
understandable but you got to know
people's personal space on how to stay
out of that you know what I'm saying
like so I don't care if kids to call me
mean or whatever like my kids know I'm
nice the other kids around all night
some of y'all know I'm nice well I'm not
here for everybody else's kids you know
what I'm saying like especially like if
they parents didn't give me permission
to put them on camera that's a violation
so yeah yeah man
what's up what up said said stay roasted
me man shoutout they said what do you
want no I'm not you can't have that you
want more eats you want some more chips
let's go let's go get some chips yeah
man
sorry guys I tried I was trying to be
nice but at the same time I didn't want
him to think that I was like yo come on
kid cuz people is crazy how many people
think because I'm doing what I'm doing
like I'm thirsty for attention or I want
to put them on camera you know what I'm
saying like they be thinking that like I
am after them like even my own family
members like sometimes would rather me
not come around because they think I'm
gonna have the camera and that's not how
I am
you know what I'm saying like I'll just
not like that and so that could that
could have been flipped and being like
yo well you put Mike Mike you put my kid
on camera or I didn't give you
permission for that you know what I'm
saying like you don't know how many
people are gonna see this and so I'm
very protective over my my stuff you
know I'm sayin so
alright y'all I'm gonna feed this baby
and continue to enjoy my beautiful black
life and my my beautiful black business
and I suggest you do the same how that
y'all peace come on baby let's get some
food
