I remember the exact moment when police
officers stopped being my hero it was
like all of a sudden I went from being
an innocent kid to someone who fit the
description historically the police and
I don't have a good relationship however
as a black father I have the extreme
responsibility to convey all the
potential dangers that comes along with
being polite to my children
the police is one of them but I met one
police officer that had a different
narrative than I'm used to are you doing
Shelly man good to see you everything's
great
it's all good it's all good miss my
homey Donnie's only recording we gonna
sit right here if you want
I got a mic you want real quick though
am i calling you in I appreciate you man
for making the time sure look it's not
every day you get the opportunity to do
something like this well you know a
couple things you know I have sons and a
daughter
and black kids and you know I wonder
what my truth is when it comes to the
police you know what I'm saying
my mom should tell me if you get in
handcuffs you know y'all whatever it is
you did you should have been doing it
don't you get locked up don't call me
you know what I'm saying that was like
the thing so I was like well if the cops
come to me I'm dipping you know what I'm
saying I already know what I'm ducking
into I'm always thinking like if they
come this way I'm going you know and
I've had to pull that a couple times you
know what I'm saying
you know in my youth but what are some
things you know if it was a couple of
things that you could tell youth about
you know police officers or how to
interact with the police officers what
would you say you know if it you know
and imagine you know it's thousands of
kids it's a lot of people who watch the
YouTube channel who are 14 15 16 you
know
eight-nine you know what I mean like
kids I mean they're like I want to be I
never wanted to be a dad you know what
I'm saying until I started watching this
and so maybe this is an opportunity to
say hey I never wanted to be a police
office until I saw this so you know what
would you say I think you know me too
used in the kids I think that they
should understand that I think the
biggest thing is bigger than law
enforcement that life you have to learn
how to handle adversities in life I've
got stopped
you know me 50 to 60 times sometime
multiple times in a day by law
enforcement officers because before I
became one and I and I understand how to
feel in film you know I mean but you
have an obligation to survive that
contact and be smart and we have to work
smarter not harder and I think the
overlying message is sometimes you have
to put your pride down and stand up and
be you don't be responsible for yourself
you're not a punk because officer asks
you to stop him to stop me not a pump
because he actually give me your ID and
you did it and you live and you got to
go home that night that doesn't make you
the punk or doesn't make you soft what
does it mean that the government is over
you you do that I'm saying my thing is
understand how life works so that you
don't get played by yeah I mean because
I think a lot of times we let our pride
and we let our friends and we let the
hecklers and the people in the stands go
oh how you let that happen and why you
let them do you like that oh and then
that that is ingrained in us and then
the next time and the next time we face
an officer we give him the wrath that we
that we were told we should have gave
the first one and now we just get better
better we let the system make us better
yeah and I think just you don't mean be
brave but be smart you think I'm saying
and it's the difference between there's
a difference between the two and there's
a time where you have to know when to
use each you don't I mean if an officer
asked me to stop and I have done nothing
then just stop it's not fair it's not
sometimes it's not even right your honor
me but just comply and go on with your
life you know I mean instead of fight
and potentially losing
over something that is minuscule in the
grand scheme of things yeah understand
so I know it seems like what I'm saying
is to come to the system or let them
take advantage of you and things like
that but I think the bigger overlying
messages you got along how to handle
adversity and you have to do it the way
I can't tell you if you don't if you've
been stopped six times in a day and you
feel like every one of them wasn't right
and they weren't right how can I tell
you what to do when you feel like you
don't mean the odds against you what can
I tell you but I think another I think
that's even more important why we have
to become the lawyers we have to become
the doctors we have to become the judges
we have to become the police we have to
be these entities that we see are
controlling us these pieces of the
government that we feel that we can't
beat we have to become yeah man
yeah cuz I'm the honest I've been
thought about getting pulled over since
I stopped since I started and I having
up I don't think about it I don't I see
them and I just going my way now people
may say well it's easy to say that
because you are that mean but I don't
say that because I could not have the
badge and be a lawyer and feel that same
way because now I know what I know you
know the law yeah you've heard him say
so it's not about it's not about the
uniform cuz everybody hates the uniform
and that's how I survive is I realized
that you don't hate me because you don't
know me you hate what I represent you
hate the bad you hate this uniform you
hate this gun belt you hate what you
seen on TV that looks like me but you
don't hate me is if I didn't have this
uniform on half the time you wouldn't
recognize because I don't even now I'm
not dressed like and secondly we'll
probably be good friends having a drink
chillin doing whatever yeah yeah so um
as far as knowing police officers and
stuff like that how do you know I was we
were in San Marcos and talking to after
all in Sterling finanical Steele thing
happened like you know days apart or
whatever the church was like freaking
out so a bunch of like couples and stuff
got together and we had like
conversations with police officers and I
realized that the police office didn't
have any black they didn't know anybody
who was black you know what I'm saying
and so how do we better bridge this this
gap I think
to be honest I think law enforcement has
to burst again I think there's been
enough bloodshed I think there's been
enough dishonesty I think there's been
enough people get taken advantage of
where the obligation is not on the urban
communities
I think the obligation is on and this is
why I say that I watched my lieutenants
I think it's like every Thursday or once
a month or every twice a month I watch
them get dressed up in their class a tie
almost tuffnut stuff and they go talk to
people in the community I happen to work
in one of them and one of the worst
areas but they go to the good areas to
talk what do the people if why do you
why are you talking to them right come
down to the gutter and ask them how can
we help you better yeah because the
crimes is happening on their doorstep
some of these places where they're going
to talk we never even get a call from
unless there's some homeless out there
or somebody doing something that they
ain't supposed to do in which we're
rushing up there to take care of it what
about the community that it's not
obscured you know I mean that doesn't
have million-dollar homes why can't my
do planks get the same type of patrol
that the mansions get yeah you do what
I'm saying so I think it's law
enforcement but I think it is gonna take
a collective effort it's gonna take
people of color and things even though
what we've gone through is gonna take us
to come and it's kind of open up our
hearts you know I mean I don't know if
you ever tried talking to a wall but you
don't really get nothing back
so we're gonna have to let our guard
down here what they gotta say you're
gonna say because we have things to say
but law enforcement gonna feel like they
want to hear it when all you want to do
is it's like it's like me trying to talk
trying to correct some of your actions
but I'm doing it with insults yeah
nobody wants to hear
well you're bad and you're this and
you're a killer you're a monster so we
got to find some way you know me and I
think the urban community black
community Latinos you know mean I think
we've always in this country's history
from his Genesis always had to take the
slap and then also have to talk about it
once again it's not fair but it is what
it is yeah and it's just like I told
like I'm trying to give my white friends
a place to ask really dumb question why
you don't know saying like this man that
was stupid
good thing you got this a safe place for
you don't ask that that's dumb you know
what I'm saying it's it's a difference
between racism and cultural ignorance
and a lot of stuff that is happening
that I feel like we kind of blow out of
proportion we can block abortion it's
cultural ignorance you don't have sin
but I think also when it happens so much
and people are pretending that it
doesn't it makes you feel like you're
crazed it's deliberate yeah because if
you if you're slapping me and I can feel
it and I can see you doing it and you're
telling me you're not now you either
saying I'm crazy or this is really not
happening but we know it's happening I
got one more question for you bro what
is the best resource for someone like me
kid watching this channel whatever
anybody listening to find out their
rights as a you know what I'm saying
like I think that if you have the
ability and you you're an adult you can
go to some type MiraCosta junior college
a community college or something like
that just take some classes you know I
mean I offer these things I had a great
I went to America and get my
administration of justice degree and I
had a great teacher that was teaching us
the laws and things like that
California's gonna be California based
because we're here but just a lot of the
statutes or civil rights as things that
goes
across the country you don't mean in
America so some scented classes yeah
take take take a class man
you know what going a ride-along going
to your local Barnes & Nobles or library
and get a penal code book it'll break
down what a bird a lot of people don't
know the difference between a burglary a
robbery and a theft those are three
different things you know there's
difference there's different statutes in
those and I see your smirky different
things you know I mean but go and seek
the knowledge the example that I use
when I first met you when we were
speaking is if I put a board off of
Jordans I'm here without the numbers
everybody get oh those are the 13s and
those are the twelves and if everybody
knows everything that don't matter but
when it comes down to knowing you're
full from memory right when when I can
I'm unreasonably searching you and you
don't know then now it's just like whoa
dang I just don't know what I didn't
look it up but you know you know the
newest lyrics you know how to decipher
young thug's lyrics when nobody else can
hear you you know all the Jordans and
all the drama has going on or love and
hip-hop but yeah you don't know your
your basic human rights you know and you
only need it when it's when you don't
have it and you only need them you don't
have and what you don't have will be
used against you
yeah there's a difference between a
searching there's difference between a
pat-down in a search you do that I'm Sam
yeah that's that's a big difference yeah
this is it when you're a fourth waver or
you're not a fourth waver we can do
different things and I'm when your fault
your Fourth Amendment right mean is
unreasonable search and seizure you give
that up you don't I mean so now let me
say every time I stop you officer if you
got a bag I can search your bag under
your pockets your hat your mouth
audience and so you have to know that if
you don't know that if you got a fourth
waiver in your car if you're bored one
of your homeboys oh that's my boy I love
him to death he's on probation or parole
he gives a fourth waiver and I stop your
car and he says I'm a four point I could
check
anywhere he has access to I can get him
out of the car get y'all out the car and
I could check anywhere in that car that
he has access to now I can't get the
trunk he has no access to the trunk you
know I mean but if he's in the front
compartment and he's in the passenger
seat I can check anywhere on your side
anywhere the yes reads had access to
under those seats yeah that's a big
difference man
and you're gonna feel like how you get
to search my car got a fourth wave in
your car it changes the game but if you
don't know that may be used against you
you gotta me so read the books man pick
up a book the word is that they always
hide all the secrets the real knowledge
in a book you know saying because some
people don't want to pick it up take
some classes yeah even though you may or
may not like law enforcement go on a
ride-along because it's all about
understanding ask what when you're in
that car you can apply it differently
when you see it evolve this is crazy I
didn't know this would happen either so
do that I appreciate it officer Davis
almost a Davis San Diego PD man you got
to come on a ride-along hey I don't know
today the conversation with officer
Davis brought a lot of perspective to me
I didn't know you know the mind of a
police officer and things like that and
I'm glad that you guys got to come along
and see a little bit of what the
conversation was that was only a snippet
of the conversation we actually had like
afford him in a conversation that you
can listen to if you hit the link below
that's where like the long podcast is on
Soundcloud
but he said one thing in the longer
version are that really caught up with
my mommy said you know I'm only blue
four times a week on the black every day
and it was interesting for me to have a
conversation with someone who was so
woke a lot of the things that are
happening
community for minorities and then also
has an extremely understanding of the
law but a bit motivate me to want to
know my rights
open up a book take a class and get more
information not so much for myself but
for my children as well yeah I just feel
like we ever was extreme responsibility
as a people as parents to kind of show
the way for our children it just is so
much broader than we think so if you
guys enjoyed this please let me know in
the comment section below subscribe like
and share and all that but make sure
that if anybody you know has a different
perspective than you it's kind of your
responsibility to ask something try to
understand it and it's also the
responsibility the person only receiving
and to be welcoming you know what I'm
saying to ask questions and answer
questions and stuff like that and so
this is very enlightening for me
so yeah man particular he never will
probably talk to you
