okay guys please come get in the car
it's our belief that in these younger
ages the children have to operate around
the parent us we are the ones that have
to make the house run smoothly we have
to provide
it's our sleep that matters it's our
time that matters the kids are just kind
of along for the ride it helps when the
kids know what to do before we ask them
thank you guys so much for having at
least a top buckle done we're gonna have
to work on getting their own other part
booked all right let's do this one he's
not gonna come but you can stay with him
if you want
I feel like every time I have a playdate
or something
I'm like maybe getting in a car at a
decent time but that extra time it takes
to like
and what
so I think that I'm gonna have to train
you guys on how to buckle yourself
grandpa why because if you guys could
buckle yourselves that would maybe save
me two to five minutes I don't know I
might be exaggerating a little bit but
all right so I change okay I'm talking
I'm talking I'm trying to tell the
people the believers out there that I
believe in you guys I believe that one
day my children will be able to get in
the car and buckle themselves completely
and I believe that it can happen at
three and four years old even in the
comments section how old are your kids
when they were able to
maybe my expectations are too high but I
really do feel like if we train these
kids do only one in the field and if it
takes more than a day to teach them the
basketball fine
I
there's a negative connotation when it
comes to the word training involving
kids as if the parents are some type of
drill sergeant and we're in a boot camp
but how can we expect our kids to know
what to do if we never train them train
them to think train them how to operate
sometimes we expect more than we're
willing to teach okay so you know how
mommy really likes for you guys to be
able to buckle yourself when you get in
the car hey guess what today is
today we're gonna call buckle up boot
camp yeah okay guys go sitting your car
seats okay first things first we put our
strap around ourselves very good perfect
very good yes now that needs to be
across your nipples so we have to lift
that buckle part up across your nipples
not that part so this part right here up
here well you know your nipples these
things need to be right there
so you guys are pros at buckling
yourself like that exactly that's too
that's too high just to cross your net
position nipple so right there okay now
right over you left exactly
so now Araya bow is pulling his little
insert Part B oh no no no not that part
he's pulling this to the front
so now pull back to the front pull the
other one to the front tier a
very video taking initiative so that one
goes on that side push it in okay that's
the part we come into trouble with so
here's what I would suggest hold this
with your left hand
and then push this and with your right
okay so angle it try so the point of
this is I don't want to have to help you
I want you to be able to do it on your
own so I am definitely gonna help you
right now
but eventually I want you to be able to
do it on your own okay okay so look
we're gonna hold this part right here
and then you're gonna push it in hold
this part it's not in yet and now push
this in
they're very good now try the other side
while I help write a book okay so you
are gonna hold this part right yeah good
job feel okay okay so if you hold this
part like that right hold it really
strong and then push it yeah okay now
try the other one
very good try the other one hold the
buckle and then yes keep going keep like
yep yeah very good job guys
so you have to hold that and then mommy
will come and tighten it a little bit
because it's not supposed to do so loose
and I'll tighten this a little bit okay
now so mommy's gonna unbuckle you
yeah we're definitely gonna keep doing
it because sometimes repeated reasoning
is good all right okay when I blow the
whistle where are you going
no yes okay ready okay step one stuck
get your arms through the buckles get
your arms through the straps slow down
slow down
step two buckle the top buckle very good
very good guys step three push in the
bottom buckle very good counting Raisa
all right you can do it you very good
Ryan bow okay whew hold it from the
bottom yes and then push yes
okay look you have to look where you're
entering see this is where you want this
part to go okay so look at it while you
do it
boogie I want you to focus a stop take a
break okay take a break
let's pause let's pause okay now focus
on what your goal is what's your goal
what do you want to do what do you want
to do right here
okay so focus on it slow down look at me
I don't want you to like think it's a
race or anything cuz it's really not a
race I just want you to be able to do it
on your own okay so I want you right now
I just want you to focus slow down hold
the bottom of this like that okay and
then I want you to push this in but you
have to hold this bottom part so that
your fish very good very good now do the
other side good job high five all right
yes high five
okay very good okay Phoenix all right
we're gonna do this again okay right
ready when I blow the whistle what
happens so teaching them how to buckle
himself win
saving time
so much I mean maybe if I hadn't I had
you saving a little bit more time but
you know can't blow up right boat right
right a bow right above your arms RC I
feel like parenting has like
helped me to develop a greater sense of
patience because sometimes it's not
necessarily in about like getting things
done it's more so about training China
we all need training training training
we all need training or training
training we all need training training
training we all need training we all
need training training training we all
need training short oh I need three
names of the two okay now each one teach
one that's how I was brought up I mean I
was out too but my cousin's caught me uh
I guess I was I let someone that one
that what would I become when under
stars with
