hello that was just me myself love it
was really cheery to you know I don't
know what you're you might feel like it
really bad mood interesting easy to be
like hi interested on your screen I'm
gonna play a song for you if you didn't
guess and this is it's called good
enough for now and it's on my new album
which is called nowhere left to hide and
even the piano has nowhere left to hide
Vegas completely exposed and yeah it's
like you can get it you know if you want
but don't worry don't let's not talk
about you can buy my album on blah blah
just listen to this song and if you like
it then you've had a nice few minutes
and so yeah let's let's play this
you
if I learned how to turn like a clock
could I snow all the days we waste and
proceed
this is long this is wrong but I found
way up if the store I work full to the
sea
when I feel I'm only living off a lot
when my hope is dying and nothing's
going right I just asked myself to try
five more minutes
and I'll be good enough for now to make
it through these next few moments even
if life has pulled me down even if
happiness feel stolen I'll try to be
good enough for now because the time was
hung regardless i will be good enough
for now to live this moment well and
make it count
I'm not break in this place nope it's
strong for so long lost my spot in the
dark of the void
but there's hope I have known
wall the one huh if I slot and switch
off or find joy
when I feel I'm only living half a life
when my hope is dying nothing's going
right I just asked myself to try for
five more minutes and i'll be good
enough for now to make it through these
next few words even if life is pulled me
down even if a penis feels stolen i'll
try to be good enough for now because
the time will turn regardless i will be
good enough for now to live this moment
well and make it
you
ah sometimes you still recording i'll
keep saying some words sometimes i'm
playing the piano and then let you go on
autopilot you're just like your eyes
like and it's like every other fingers
know where they're going and everything
and everything's going dandy and then
halfway through the song I just suddenly
go what's the next note and I'm playing
together it's like my fingers just
realize what they're doing and they
panic and they and and I'll get a
note wrong or something like at the end
I just I just got in a loop and just
just played just that for twice as long
because I just got caught it like like a
record skipping like oh god I'm playing
the piano and yeah but I think it all
went well I've been Alex day thank you
