hello hello I thought I'd showcase
another song to you from my album
because it's out on iTunes today so you
can buy it all over the world and you
can listen to the whole thing or more
insight for free but this is the title
track and this is Tom help us play it
yeah okay oh well just one do it yeah
my strings are broken and my heart is
out of tune once a cry but all I see is
you I don't know anything I stumbled
forward and you let me walk away
we both know I'll be running back to you
someday
I don't know anything the earth is
spinning but my feets are standing still
and the wind is bright and I'm fighting
off the chair I don't know anything so
let's pretend for just one minute the
world the world the world the world the
world is mine but you're not there and
the world the world the world the world
the world is mine we are not then they
say times I heal and but my watch can't
tell the time the left hand stalks six
months ago and I can't find the right I
don't know any
thing and the pen is stronger than any
sharpened sword but everything I write
to you makes me feel like a fool I don't
know anything the earth is spinning but
my feets are standing still and the wind
is biting but I'm fighting off the chill
words are not anything so let's pretend
for just one minute the world the world
the world the world the world is mine be
are not there the world the world the
world the world the world is mine B are
not there
I feel like I can do anything
whoo I don't you understand
I feel like I can do anything why don't
you understand
why don't you see what I could be why
don't you see what I can't be oh I don't
you see what I could be who I don't you
see what I could be so let's pretend for
just one minute
the wall the wall the wall the wall the
wall is mine beyond the there the world
the world all the world the world is
mine be all not there
the world is mine but you're not that
why can't you see I trade in the world
for you that's lovely thank you so much
thank you thank you so much
