if you've never seen lost but you'd like
to know what it was all about or you
have seen lost but you still don't know
what it was all about I'm going to
explain it to you with post-it notes
okay this is an island and in the centre
of the island is alight so we're told
that this is the source of a light that
exists inside everybody representing all
of human goodness and if the light goes
out on the island it goes out everywhere
people cease to be good more on that in
a bit but first I'd like to introduce
you to some men first is the guy with
the black shirt we'll call him the man
in black the man in black is evil
incarnate literally he can turn himself
into black smoke whenever he wants and
he can also take on the forms of the
dead the man in black is trapped on the
island think of it like a wine bottle
the island is the wine bottle and the
light at the center of the island is the
cork
if the cork was ever popped the man in
black would be able to escape the island
taking all of his evil with him so
that's the man in black the second guy
is a guy in a white shirt whose name is
Jacob Jacob is the islands protector he
makes sure that the light doesn't go out
so that the man in black stays where he
should be
so island with a light source of all
goodness man in black his evil trapped
on the island wants to put the light out
so he can leave Jacob protect your
behind in keeping the man in back there
and keeping the light on or you can
think about what that if you would
prefer good good man in black wants to
spread his evil throughout the world
Jacob will not let him thus Jacob put
the man in black kind of warn each other
dead problem is Jacob and the man in
black can't harm each other so they're
gonna have to find people who can do it
for him mainly the passengers of oceanic
flight 888 all as the protector of the
island and then you make sure all those
people are on oceanic flight 815 and
then he makes sure that oceanic flight
815 crashes onto his Island that's where
the six seasons of lost come in a lot of
stuff happens or showing brother going
into but the gist is that a lot of
people die the man in black kills a lot
of people who manipulate other people
into killing themselves or killing each
other and eventually he even finds
someone's killed later
and this brings us on to the Lost finale
there are only four candidates left and
nobody to protect the island anymore so
the man in black sets out to destroy it
by putting out the line he actually
manages to do this which means all of
the islands powers get broken he's
finally free to leave the island but
he's also not a smoke monster anymore
he's just been turned back into a man
unfortunately for the man in black he
didn't consider that being a man means
you can be a dead man before he has the
chance to leave the island the remaining
candidates are able to kill the man in
black and the hero of the show Jack
sacrifices himself to turn the light
back on candidate Hurley agrees to
become the new Jacob and take her
the job protecting the island and making
sure that nothing like this ever happens
again and the remaining candidates get
on a new plane taking off and leaving
the island forever in the final scene of
the show following Jack's death we see
him appearing in a church we see him
talking in the scene to his dead father
as well as everyone else that he's lost
on the island the show puts forward the
idea that you pass into the afterlife
with everyone you shared the most
important moments of your life with
people who died away in a kind of
purgatory state until everyone else is
ready to move on and then they all go
forward as one so Jack accepts his death
and he joins his friends who are
engulfed by a white light and that's how
the show ends if you thought that this
abridged version of the show is
particularly interesting I would really
recommend that you go back and watch the
whole six seasons because for me lost is
a show that isn't about the story it's
about how the story is told
