please
say so much
II
a mommy
okay in the universe but there's still
so much to say so much the same but I'll
be going on adventures as long as you
own energy that's here on energy my
chameleon circuit hasn't won since 1963
but the doctor will give up on me
I hope you like that song what you've
already heard it a year ago well that's
because it was a part of an album that I
released with a band who make music
about Doctor Who the band is called
chameleon circuit the album is called
chameleon circuit and the album is
available on iTunes or physically from
dftba.com
if you want to try before you buy you
can hear all of the Doctor Who music on
my website I like their music calm link
in the thing you can also hear mine on
Doctor Who music for free which is
obviously less fun but if you want to
hear it in real life I'm doing a gig to
Gig one in Southampton on the 14th of
May and one embarrassin Edmonds on the
22nd and 23rd because it's sort of like
a festival thing me Tom and Ed are
playing on the Saturday at like 7 p.m.
but we're going to be around all day to
hang out and stuff again all the
information is in the downbar I'm going
to enjoy this banana and I hope you
enjoyed the video I
