I remember when there were only 150 of
you
well technically 151 if you are counting
me but I digress
I guess I spent the best years of my
little life surfing Cinnabar Island to
get a hundred and twenty six revives and
I miss the pokemons Center
I missed its music too and the way that
Snorlax look like Lapras on water
Pokemon what happened to you
in the old days you only got one form of
every kind I could name all the gym
leaders didn't even have to try but now
you've shown me Team Galactic and dark
and steel and eggs oh I want my red and
blue back when did so wasn't used for
sex and I miss
cycling road don't you know I miss the
music too
and I can't believe you used to be in
black and white Pokemon what happened to
you
now legendry means nothing
creature
do you pronounce weekend suicide suicide
suicune I don't know I miss holding down
the truck
macho man
a 1 6 n charlie
to me yesterday I dreamt I was
surrounded by unknown they spelled the
words with sorry on behalf of Nintendo
we don't get puffins either and super
contests are so so and the Pokedex was
fine it didn't need a radio and I miss
the team rocket hideout and I miss the
music too
and why have shinies if they're so
impossible to find
come on what happened to you
Pokemon what happened to you and I'll
never again experience that joy oh
because you are incompatible with my
brand new D s
so that song is one of three that I
wrote about video games and I hope that
you liked it all three songs are now
available today on iTunes if you like
this song but you're not sure about the
other two you can go onto my website and
listen to all three songs for free and
that I hope you make your mind up
hopefully and if you want to get a
physical copy of the disc then you can
go to dftba.com and they ship anywhere
in the world we're also selling a
t-shirt and a set of buttons so that's
my website to listen to the songs for
free iTunes if you want to get them
digitally and dftba if you want the
physicals finally if you like the sound
of my actual voice and would like to
hear it live I'm going to be part of an
event called the upload tool in which
loads of youtubers play a big variety
show in various locations across the UK
we're going to be uploading videos to
our tour channel which is youtube.com
slash upload tool so feel free to go
there subscribe check out all the other
people that are on the tour thank you
again for everyone who's taken the time
to watch this to the end I've got a
hundred thousand subscribers now just so
we're clear in the hierarchy there's
Charlie with three hundred thousand
subscribers
vlogbrothers just passed two hundred
thousand subscribers and then me with
one hundred thousand subscribers so I'm
perfectly happy to accept the bronze
medal on that one cheers for sticking
around guys and I will make videos be
seen by Sonic doesn't need a story he
runs fast and gets rings and then two
loops is way into your heart and at this
so I remember hey Mario Carly because
you are incompatible with my
you D s
