so now we say goodbye to tight clothes
top man Alec and hello to South African
hippy Alex and Zambia literally just
finished packing and I'm now out the
door that is the quickest I've ever
packed for a long distance trip and it's
kind of scary not putting I feel like
I've forgotten everything that I need
that's important ultimately I'll have my
passport you know and I have my money
and I have my phone which has my a
ticket on it so I can at least get to
Zambia so now in Johannesburg waiting
for my layover to Zambia with everything
on heard about mosquitoes and malaria
and stuff I kind of figured that as soon
as we landed mosquitoes were just
descend and start battering the windows
of the plane like some scary bit of
Jumanji that I've forgotten from my
nightmare so I should properly introduce
you to Tom and Shana this is Tom's door
he's a lovely laid-back guy but he's
obsessed with lip balm Tom for a friend
and that's Shana
she's a 9 she's really warm and friendly
hi you should also meet roshanda who's
our world vision lady this is her in her
downtime
Lederman see princess-style you're a
youtuber so I just get to film that's
understandable
how was your your immigration experience
the fridge has a key on it it's like
hotel rooms just try and make all
appliances look like safes it's really
really confusing let's just him out of
the shower and when I was in the shower
Tom and Shawna were just in my room
chained Tom was laying on my bed Shawna
was sitting on the chair and now we love
Tom's clothes just as he was but there's
no Tom in them and if that was all their
wearing and now their clothes are just
there did they just leave I don't know
what if they do keep looking behind all
the curtains and stuff but maybe tom is
just hiding naked laughing perfection
Police Commissioner Gordon Ramsay Street
wise crack pot belly dancing queen be a
happy place this black box jellyfish
we're doing today Tom going on pika how
are we getting the Land Cruiser
Simba's baked
Simba's we can't understand why they
baked Simba check it out Lion King on
the mic out she says Simba the lion is
king of snacks so like they said we went
to an pika in the Land Cruiser we've
been on the road for five hours now I
tried to vlog while I was in the car but
it got pretty bumpy and just felt
frustrating as a way of proving the
puffiness
Thomas decide
this exchange so now you can see what
this actually like and see them although
I've just leaned the camera around
that's involuntary motion we arrived in
pika the village of hope and I settled
myself in for the night you'll see that
I am currently trapped in a mosquito net
literally 10 minutes getting the net in
place and tucking it away and I've left
the light on and I can't get to the
light boob in there it took me so long
like I was so meticulous and tucking in
each little bit under the bed I don't
want to undo all my own work okay I just
remembered that mosquitoes are attracted
to light nothing happened why did
anything happen all those two switches
that's so weird on every light switch
there's two switches and one of the
switches there's nothing and one of the
switches turns off the light it's 6:45
in the morning I'm awake because of
reasons I'll explain in a minute but I
thought I'd show you around my room this
is the main door looking out onto the
lodge and this is the first room that I
have here through this door is the
bedroom with a mosquito net of doom and
then there's bathrooms all your standard
stuff basically and there are no
appliances tricky means thinking they
are safe so I approve of this place
reason I'm up at 6:45 is because they
don't have running water here so the
staff have been heating buckets of water
over fires and then bringing a bucket to
each of our rooms for us to wash with
and they said they'd bring that water a
half sick so I had to be up and ready
that's why my hair is still wet from
using that we're at the district
commissioners office I mean physically
incapable of reading or hearing the word
Commissioner without mentally adding
Gordon after our meeting with
Commissioner Gordon we drove around and
pika and I was surprised by how many
shops were around there's an internet
cafe people think Africa is just huts
with children wasting away inside them
but there's communities and technologies
and shops and everything we have at home
really everything essential at least we
went to the youth center where students
are taught practical skills like baking
and sewing and carpentry and they even
have a computer tech class the kids make
dresses and chairs and they're even
using these wood blocks to make
workshops for other students to use this
is what they have of the workshop so far
and this is all the land they hope to
fill we headed off and then I remembered
I had to take my malaria tablet I'm
supposed to take my malaria tablets with
the middle
drink that's what it says in the
documentation the only drinking cup that
would fulfill this criteria is milk
except that now I found milky orange our
waterfall now having some downtime the
waterfall is called Louie tequila but I
didn't hear that right and I thought we
just had two key though and I was like
that's where they get two key the from
it's imported from Zambia but that was
again stupid but we tequila is actually
a mafia bus Louie tequila to give you
some shot so next we went to this farm
and met Joyce Joyce is sponsored so her
sponsor sends money every month and this
is Joyce's grandfather Joyce's
grandfather owns the farmland and
because Joyce is sponsored World Vision
trained him to run a cabbage farm
obviously this means Joyce gets more
cabbage to eat but also because there's
so much cabbage Joyce's family can sell
the extra cabbage to the locals which
improves the local economy and gives
Joyce and her grandfather more money to
spend on other people's goods I always
thought sponsoring a child was kind of
hopeless because Joyce is just one child
in a third-world country like Zambia the
story about the cabbage farm made me
realize that sponsoring a child is
actually about improving everything
about that child's life and everyone
that's close to her because that one
child in the community is being
sponsored Joyce gets more cabbage and
her family gets more cabbage and
everybody Joyce knows gets way more
cabbage so that one sponsor is helping
her whole society to thrive which is
amazing I just finished my dinner which
was t-bone steak and by the time I was
finished it looked like a Rorschach test
but I realized that the size only looks
like a Rorschach test completely misses
the point of what a Rorschach test is
when World Vision goes to help a place
they do that for 15 years what stuff we
saw yesterday was they're just starting
to help out but today we're going to a
village called Coppa which has finished
its 15 year cycle so we can see the
difference of how much world vision can
do in that time also there was a dead
bat outside Tom's room oh my god actual
real-life bats in Zambia ah but first
off we weren't here to meet the chief of
koper that's right we met an actual
chief and then we went to a school which
was amazing with World Vision helping
them for the last 15 years they now have
a library with books on world history
and maths and Zambian language and
geography and economics they know more
about economics than I do and then
through another door was a science lab
with actual Bunsen burners the same as
when I was at school they also had a
football field with golds at either end
and a water tank which used solar power
to run this is a typical Zambian
classroom remember to pray before you
eat cup umbrella spoon baby then we went
to the head teachers office and it was
identical to a head teachers office in
England they had inspirational quotes
and teachers rotors and timetables and
even graphs showing exam results almost
telling me this stuff the other day
about dinosaurs basically it's come
knowledge now that the brontosaurus
isn't real so all the land before time
stands a little foot fake impossible but
turns out that recently the scientists
wait-wait what can you explain what the
broadsword isn't real they found a bunch
of bones and like oh yeah this makes a
proper source it's great but turns out
that actually found the bones from two
different animals and just assumed they
were one animal but then yes Oh so
recently scientists discovered that the
the triceratops isn't real either so
that's half the leg before time cut just
cut chops wasn't real because these two
animals that they found the Triceratops
and the Protoceratops I'm pretty sure it
was but I realized they only had adult
Protoceratops bones and child
Triceratops bones the same way that a
duckling and a duck the same end of all
the Triceratops of the Protoceratops
that the same man or the Triceratops is
a baby Protoceratops for me that's what
education is just novelty information
about dinosaurs I realized I take
education so much for granted that it's
just amount into bits of trivia for pub
quizzes but for them if I walked over
and said hey kids did you know the
weight of all the ants on the earth is
the same as the weight of all the humans
on the earth they don't care about that
I guess it made me appreciate how
fortunate we are that we have education
for everybody a lot of people complain
about their walk to school and how
sometimes the bus is slow or well it
takes 15 whole minutes and my legs
really hurt enough to carry a heavy bag
the kids that go to this school have to
get on a boat and go across a lake and
then walk through these reeds
after we left the school we met the
chief of Chuuk Wanda that's him there
and this is his throne and this is his
Royal vizier who Tom nickname Jafar
because you know he's the Royal vizier
as you can see his house was really cool
we had these thin sheet curtains and his
corrugated tin roof and his HiFi system
with CDs and a television what
everything I thought I knew about Zambia
was a liar the chief has a hi-fi system
and the guy who was helping us is
wearing Crocs
this is Billy he works at World Vision
and right now he's explaining what they
do he's basically saying that when World
Vision into the community they don't
just sweep in and give them stuff they
asked the community what they need and
respond to their concerns and they give
them the tools to help themselves over
their 15 year cycle by setting up
self-sustaining things like schools and
health centers I thought that was cool
because to me that makes a lot more
sense than just making assumptions about
what communities need without asking
them all day we've been hearing people
talk about the challenges they have to
overcome in their communities and I just
thought that was such a great word to
use treating the problems in your life
as challenges to be overcoming such a
of way of looking at things I feel like
this is a useful life lesson to take
away if we could all approach the
problems in our lives as challenges to
overcome instead of running away from
the difficulties that we face maybe we
could be as happy as these Zambian
children this day wishing for my very
room
today we are heading back to the city of
Lusaka hotel manager says hi to
everybody at everyone's okay first order
of business was to see these guys drum
for us and then we met these guys who
were called the caregivers the
caregivers are a group completely
independent of World Vision they're
basically volunteers from their
communities who wanted to help those in
need
there are caregivers not just in Zambia
but all over Africa and each of them
looks after five different people ever
since World Vision came to Zambia
they've been helping the caregivers for
example every sponsored child now gets
their very own caregiver which is an
idea I just really liked because it
reminded me of the Watchers in Buffy and
also people can go on the World Vision
website and donate these caregiver kits
every caregiver kit contains gloves
Vaseline soap and towels for the
caregivers to look after the sick a
flashlight in case they need to be
called out at night a pen and a notebook
so they can keep a log of what they've
done basically like a medical record and
finally a note that's been personally
written by a sponsor one of these kits
will last about two months so for people
that can't afford long-term sponsorship
it's still quite a cool way you can
contribute then we headed into the slums
of the city to visit a nearby school and
again I was struck by how similar these
people are to us like they were doing
mock exams even in Zambia you can't
escape mock exams I didn't catch this on
camera but when we went into the
classroom all of these kids stood up to
greet us and then we had told them to
sit back down it's a thing I used to do
at school but I didn't know that was a
universal thing there are loads of other
things as well like it turns out Zambia
has a road called acacia Avenue and I
know a road called acacia Avenue in
London and Tom knows a road called
acacia Avenue which is in Australia and
these blue vans are the city's public
transport systems you saw them
everywhere just like how we have red
buses and after we left the school we
headed to this malls good to see
blockbusters is still in business here
it's a subway
Sarkar we're in super spa right now I'm
just learning more and more that
circumstances can be very different from
place to place but culture is universal
you know humans do things the way humans
do things and that doesn't change
whether those humans are in Zambia or
they're in England or they're in America
this is one of the desks that they have
it's pretty good if this was my desk for
school it's pretty set but I've seen a
lot of comments from people saying
they're now sponsoring children because
of these videos that we're making
I've start sponsoring a child as well
while I've been out here she lives in
Zambia and she's four years old on
visions sent me a Christmas card but I
can fill out and send back and then
they'll post it on to Esther who is a
child that I sponsor in Zambia well I
was thrown out to Zambia by World
Vision's Australian branch so I'm
sponsoring Esther through World Vision
Australia and they sent me this card
that says hey Esther merry Christmas
from Australia we've also included a
small gift Vesta a colourful eight is a
picture book of life in Australia she
will have great fun learning more about
the land that you call home I can't
exactly you know cross it out and say
actually I'm from England because that's
probably quite confusing for a
five-year-old child in poverty so I'm
probably just gonna have to go along
with it and just yeah hey Esther hey
from Down Under to the map of Australia
and it says your sponsor lives here and
I've got to put a little dot where I
live so maybe I should just draw the
rest of the world and just put a dot
there it's my last day in Zambia hi
Jonas oh yeah you've been a great driver
yeah thank you
yeah I'm giving the clothes that I
bought for this trip to World Vision so
they can donate to one of their
communities I've just found out what's
gonna happen to my clothes yes your
clothes we are going to have a football
game and we are going to have a team
that you win will Kuwait
Alex's team now the ones who are gonna
share these clothes boys they're like
so do that and then we shoot a pictures
for you so as you see oh thank you so
whichever team wins gets the clothes yes
and Alex do you mind I can prepare my
name what time is it - freaking early
you know you when you fly into a country
you have to feel that immigration form
well we just left Zambia like sort of
officially according to the law and we
had to fill out an exit form which is
something I've never done before and on
that form was a question that said
reason for leaving Zambia I just wrote
the trip is over
hey Shona hey Alex you know how there's
hot chocolate in places yeah I know that
we we've got white hot chocolate how's
it smell mmm that's how it smells
he's like cake batter do like
I have come to visit my Nana and
granddad I came straight from the plane
to here because I haven't seen him for a
while and my granddad is dying of some
sort of cancer a car remember which what
cancer is it you've got banking no
that's the one said they don't know that
I'm coming but I thought I'd say hello
this place smells of childhood phoning
my mum I like to don't Lee started a
family get-together to family party now
is that a church on there it's made of
matchsticks yeah how long did it take
him to make it though about three weeks
to do the matchstick Church what about
the boat yeah and then he painted the
elephant as well and then is this one
who's as well on the wall have you got a
favorite memory quite a few actually
four memories when we used to go down to
the boat do a lot of fishing hmm have
you got a favorite joke I wanted to my
Nana and granddad have lots of pictures
of me on their wall this is me when I
did an interview for my local newspaper
hold your mouse in your hand just so
that it's obvious sometimes just holding
one else in completely the wrong way and
also her fat face
so that's annoying as I stretch the
picture and watching one of my own
videos so it just makes me look so full
of myself because they lost me to keep
my YouTube page on the screen that was
your first in senior school so you'd
have been about 11 you would have been
about five or six seven that was nice so
go home now and give Charlie his present
from Zambia I don't know if you know but
Zimbabwe has a hyperinflation problem so
I was able to get a ten billion dollar
note from the Bank of Zimbabwe would you
think your 10 billion dollar no Charlie
I feel really wish the same time
hello to the people of YouTube YouTube
hello hello everybody
how many people would reckon that there
is on here guess if you say I'm on that
20 no 30 no oh don't mean to tell you
yeah
about two hundred thousand so I just
finished editing the footage you just
saw and when I went to import it from my
camera I found
