what could I do that I would do to make
life a little better Georgia did an
aqueduct today join your aqueduct
experience it's good
today George and I are going to Danny's
for the weekend I think it's the last
time we're gonna see him before we go to
Australia even cliff isn't is a dead
zone there's no phone signal there's no
Wi-Fi I'm getting a train now to Bristol
and I have no idea when the train's
coming so I just have to sit there like
a mug and hope one pulls in it's the
smallest most adorable little place
Haven clip it's so remote there's only
about 50 people that live here according
to this even cliff a hidden gem in the
Avon Valley and industrial heritage
board this is the train station though
you know when you're looking out the
train window sometimes and you go
through a tiny little station you think
I'll where's that it's here even cliff
basically is a pub while we were in the
pub there was this folk music playing
and we realized we'd joined just in time
for Tuesday folk sing along our train
time so it looks like there one every
our throat Western Railway has a habit
of being very late all the time George
was at the late Western Railway could
have got there by now couldn't you do
you know what I mean yeah you could have
walked it Great Western snail way that's
another one who's the country that
departed it 1224 that's now 27 minutes
late so far yeah
Danny and I entered this competition an
escape room company they had a new room
that was available they had teams to
play that to test the room before it was
officially available so we got to play
the room for free Jeff a team completed
the room and got out in the fastest time
would win a weekend in Budapest all paid
for and we get to do escape rooms in
Budapest for the weekend the team so Pio
entered this competition we go out of
the room with five minutes to spare and
then it it turns out that me and Georgia
can't go because we're going to
Australia so danny has to go without us
I'm sure he'll have a lovely time since
we all happen to be free this week in
any way because we put the time aside
I've come here to spend like fake
Budapest weekend roof and having
Budapest everybody it's been an evening
playing magic this is Pearce by the way
if you've noticed Pearson Bob in the
comments of my videos he's that Pearce
he's got this card where he draws the
top card of his day and whatever it
costs you just lose that much lives if
it cost five I just lose five like I
gained five as well and he's killed me
like that before and it's the most
embarrassing way to die if he draws like
a part that cost six next turn then I
just done great no it's like getting
taxed for today this didn't stay at
Benny's that night and the next morning
we were trying to make plans but he
wasn't picking up his phone we just have
to head off without him and hope that he
would wake up at some point during the
day breakfast we had to head off because
Maureen wanted to show us something in
London why are they advertising bananas
why are they advertising bananas no
one's not heard of bananas I don't pick
a brand of banana trying to go to the
body world's exhibit but all the tickets
were sold out what he wants I like the
guy the counter at reception yeah if
sure than I expected it more skin than I
expected
a very small confetti now yeah so what
we're doing in Maureen sold okay I mean
there doesn't have to be more to it than
that I'll come for dinosaur statues they
fossilized
would you like to get all of these
statues are based on what they thought
dinosaurs look like in 1854 to keep them
as a example of what people thought what
they look like and then how far science
is called that that doesn't look like
that from above but this one that one's
different dinosaur look that what tell
ya they didn't know what eyes look like
that's an eye nature eyes are pretty
similar
no look like that I'm glad that you said
at the start this is to show dinosaurs
but they're not accurate anymore
otherwise already been like what the
hell is this it's like you sphere in a
cast
he's like they forgot how animal was
loved this is it the dinosaur skull was
unknown when this model was built so the
sculpture was deliberately positioned in
a bashful pose hiding it's largely
imagined face escape the maze till there
I don't know I don't know how then he
did that I'm just wondering about
Joe everyone give thanks mate yeah
several minutes after you the mate the
middle who as if I said the maze on here
is that your main that was Moria so
called after the maze we found an
abandoned empathy adult is this oh
the floorboards were rotting away and
there was proof eating up everywhere but
it still had plugs in the floors and
stuff right onto the Sphinx's yeah which
is the thing I'm saying today yeah this
is gone
this has run off again yes always have
friends that are willing to run into
unknown spaces I just climbed a tree now
a little baboon I'm in a tree now hello
I guess so it's the story here then
what's this all about are you
translating we were finally done with
the part and we headed back to body
world's because they had tickets
available in the evening body rolls this
weekend there's something about being in
a museum sharing different parts how the
bodies work when their actual bodies and
if it had been like this is what the
size of a brain is like this is a brain
Maureen the way more input it was like
seeing all the parts of you just kind of
laid out like that it makes you realize
how fragile and vulnerable you are and
you have a lot of respect and
appreciation for your body and your
lifestyle and where you live your life
and then we went back to Danny's and he
made us a burger made of crisps good
idea let's dip on new glasses we I'll
just move another way for you
you're welcome thank you in the morning
goodbye what's your favorite emoji
yeah trophy one or the oh yeah any
forgive birthday cake and so I made my
own vegan cake because a few people that
will come at the party would be my
veggie and I took my cake out of the
oven and later the sponge not like I
know just like a cake like exactly so
good and then a few minutes later daddy
was just very polite cool and then he
pulled his wall out of a running joke
where me and be like mate this is
exactly like Dairy Milk and then it'd be
like it isn't you just haven't had very
many years Jewish chocolate I just don't
know what it is anymore black yoga or
for you guys it's like okra and then
some vegetable press parsnip people and
sweet potato inside to means I'll crush
so Mike I'm a Christmas like my
Christmas Eve onion crisps I'll put some
lettuce in that Bates crisp lettuce so
there are some cheese and some cheese
and onion crisps IBM rational crisps
which I'm thinking about some onion and
crisps
just something me call my yeah you to
Rome and chips yeah and you've just
taken those out yeah and they don't let
more crisps to me I'm not right so just
as a you clarify that for me I bought
these they're cool mix up shapes so they
are crisps for the chicken and crisps
these are chips thank you so much
