as a way of proving the bumpiness tom
has decided to film this exchange so now
you can see what this is actually like I
can see that although I've just leaned
the camera around that's involuntary
motion okay so two things according to
my youtube channel this will be my 500th
video and secondly this is the only
footage I can find of you seeing what it
is that I actually do here there's also
this photograph which was from a French
photo shoot for a magazine cover but
other than that just those two I've been
doing this for 12 years the first video
I ever put on the Internet is no longer
online and I don't have any record of it
but the first one that I still have is
called the vlog tag game I have a game
to share with you today as a side note I
used to get comments all the time from
people who are convinced I was gay and I
never understood why and if you are high
I was playing up to the camera a lot I
think I just thought I was some kind of
dazzling TV presenter or something there
was a point where I had about 5000
subscribers and that was quite exciting
and there was a point where I had 50,000
scriber subscribers and that felt like
oh that's really cool and that felt
about right I'm quite an egalitarian
person I feel like the amount of
interest people having my work should be
equal to the amount of effort I put into
that work between 5,000 and 50,000
subscribers felt pretty good for the
amount of effort I was putting in when I
got to a hundred thousand subscribers or
sides I think oh this is just kind of
silly when I was approaching half a
million I thought this is fucking
ridiculous
after being allowed to prick about on
the internet for seven years nerimon is
about to get a million subscribers how
have I done that is will no I don't
deserve that I'm not that talented this
camera is just on a cushion sometimes I
don't even put pants on I have made a
lot of videos and gone through a lot of
changes I've filmed a lot of different
things I've tried it a lot of different
ways I went through all the videos that
have made recently and found that if my
my video output was like a TV series you
could split it fairly cleanly in two
seasons that you could split up by style
or kind of a change in focus or my
approach and we would currently be
on version 9 of whatever it is the hell
I'm doing and the culture around YouTube
has changed so much now only sponsored
videos then you have integrations that
can be anywhere from 30 seconds to 60
seconds then there's affiliate links and
digital products so it's kind of
algorithms favor things that are
negative and controversial you know if
if I make a video called I can't do this
anymore
this video could have been called that
is there something arty like 500 it
could be like you know I I have to
change things . or this is the end and
more people would click on it because it
sounds more dramatic and gossipy and
exciting but i don't want to be in a
space where like i benefit from being
negative or controversial or dramatic
those are not qualities but i want to
you know know nourish in myself I have
patreon now and on patreon at the moment
I own on average about 800 pounds a
month because of brexit the pound is in
the toilet so I earn money in dollars
and the conversion rate is wicked
suddenly I am free to do like one long
video a month instead of four short
videos and not worry that my audience is
going to get bored or stop clicking or
that fewer people will see me in the
subscription feed and with patreon I
don't worry about any of that because I
just have people that are standing by me
and giving me an amount of money every
month and with that I can be free to
create and share things as I wish I'm
really excited to keep making new things
things that excite and interest me and
and we'll see what happens next
nearly a grab for human fucking started
