I was a Gucci under hanging um welcome
to day three of 31 days of Kirra 31 days
of Kira - 31 days of this isn't gonna
happen verse 31 days of Kira is already
contemplating suicide nurse and well I
mean I thought I'd stop you know it's
the beginning of December there's still
a lot of days to go however that means
there's only 20 dude that means there is
only Tottenham hey however that means
there is only 22 days until Christmas
which means because everyone likes me
people to get up I mean I say and so I
thought what Christmas is Matt Lemoine
out so I thought let's get into the
Christmas spirit let's talk about
Christmas things let's talk about me
because I'm almost as important as
Christmas yes that's right you heard
right I am Jesus let's talk about nice
things I like shiny things you probably
like shiny things we all like shiny
things yeah however before we get
started I wanted to say something that
I've said a lot of times but I'm gonna
say it again I have limited edition
merchants are only out until Christmas
and I left it there because I thought
like you guys might want it for
Christmas and if you order it now
chances are it's gonna be here in time
for Christmas so you can like where it's
your family Christmas dinner and I'll be
really wit and your family be like what
does that mean you'll be like boy I
don't even know it would be really fun
so yeah so many of you like good already
which kind of Shooks me we also have it
available in Christmas colors almost
every single piece of match is available
in like a bunch of different colors my
favorite one personally it's the pink
one thank you for feeding my ego by
making me think that people like the
things I do and thank you for also
feeling my bank accounts I've been kind
of mean to it recently on the subject of
bank accounts let's talk about all the
ridiculous expensive things I want
Christmas let's go
so I mean this is really unrealistic
this isn't even like a Christmas wish
list if they're just kind of like a life
wish list I'm sure like everyone has
those thoughts in their head it's like
really crazy ridiculous things you want
but like you're never gonna gap or just
like things that are like completely
to you no one else in the world wants
this yeah I checked out of you why not
what do I want in my life I really want
a cat now I don't particularly like cats
I'm more of a dog person follow my dog
on Instagram it Sherlock the dog but I'm
mostly not into cats because I am really
allergic to them they weren't my eyes go
red and they make me look like I died
they just generally make me look ugly
and I don't like things that make me
look ugly it was made me itch and they
give me rashes and they scratch me cats
just don't like me it give me a dog and
they will lick me in every hole
malleable not like that that's illegal
but if it wasn't I'm Joey
I don't know whenever I come near them
they bite me they scratch me they just
they just don't like me I don't know why
I really want a cat but I want a cat
that isn't going to make me die and I
thought boy well ok let me explain this
actually I was looking breeds of dogs
before I got my dog and I was like
looking for breeds of dogs that I want
but because obviously dogs kind of work
in the same way I had to get like a
hypoallergenic dog so I'd be less
allergic to it because I'm just allergic
to everything I came across this breed
of dog called a Mexican hairless dog
everyone thinks that these are the
ugliest dogs in the world but I think
they are so cute leave a like on this
video a few treating those dogs are cute
and let me know if you think that ugly -
I mean I think they're pretty cute I
think they're just the best dogs in the
whole world honestly and I thought boy I
wonder if like they do hairless cats as
well so I came across a sphinx cat I
really want one of these honestly
because I like animals and I also like
animals with no hair because the hair is
what makes me allergic to them and if
they don't have hair can they make me
ugly no they can't so yeah I really want
one there wasn't a really ugly in there
look at the aliens I mean yeah they have
a point but I'm kind of really ugly so
perfect match I guess the next thing on
my ridiculous Christmas wishlist is
something I'm not very proud of many
people say that these are like really
tacky or like is really overrated and I
can't try to not enjoy those kind of
things I can't like not like this like
if you'll see it boy you'll like this oh
it makes me feel nice when the inside
just thinking about it so I guess it
kind of started when beauty gurus on
YouTube like years ago started to get
really ballin and started to buy light
loads of
yes tough and they used to like watch
their videos and you'd know that someone
had like made it once they got one of
these bracelets but they never got like
the nice ones they got like the matte
ones this is like next-level oh my god
it's so pretty it makes me really moist
it's a cartier love bracelet diamond
paved yellow gold with diamonds that's a
lot of diamonds it's just a sexiest
thing I've ever seen in my whole life
like just just the top all of it is
thirty five thousand nine hundred pounds
I think I'm gonna become a rapper come
round every day but and so for a really
long time it has been a life goal of
mine to obtain one of these but I feel
like it's the kind of thing that
probably has like a waiting list and
then requires you know a lot of funding
subscribe refresh it a few times quick
surrounds low-key crazy but there you go
I'm not proud of that one I'm not proud
at all but isn't it just so Oh daddy oh
my god okay while we're on the subject
of crazy expensive things okay so if
you've followed me for a really really
long time until I ditched everything to
become a professional camera person
explanation video coming real soon I
used to be like hella interested in my
buildings and things like that that's
why you still want to go into like even
like engineering architectural like
properties betterment something like
that so I used to spend a lot of time on
like luxury house websites just like
looking through all of the like really
expensive cool houses and just looking
at them and admiring how pretty they are
like how will never have one I don't
just mean like like a medium luxury
houses I don't mean like five bedroom
like a million pound luxury house oh no
this house I have been looking up for
quite a while I literally have it I had
Italy favorited all my laptop because I
like foot boy this is so sexy and I kept
coming back to it and thinking Fran I
love this house it is one of those like
townhouses in London because I really
want to live in London with it look at
this look at this view that we have from
my hotel imagine having this from your
house bro yeah I can see that from where
I live I can see it from really far away
like you can see the skyline
slanter but right here you can see like
you see in the windows of the building
and I think that's so cool
so this luxury townhouse I have been
looking at for a very long time it is
the sexiest thing in the whole world I
want to have its babies and I want to
have babies in it I also want to raise a
family and I want to raise my hairless
cats and dogs and pigs and other various
hairless specimen probably not humans I
don't think I'd look good bald
it is a thirty-five million pounds so
Bill Gates if you're watching you know
I've heard that the CEO of Amazon had
like a twenty five billion increase in
net worth this year it's actually pre or
call me number and description it's not
my business email it's like oh my god
laughter how a sake it's just so sexy oh
my god that kitchen look at that
bookshelf you could put so many books I
wouldn't read on it because I'm
uncultured not an intelligent wowser so
that would be like my dream house I have
quite high standards and expectations I
think I'd be quite disappointed anything
less now but where would your dream
house the award it look like I'm really
curious link real estate websites it is
in the comments okay okay as you all
know Meghan has two point five million
subscribers
woo just give me a few few more moves
this house it's thirty five billion
views of Financial Times 35 to make a
lot of good jokes together major channel
cuz I do I know I want my mom kind of
does everything for me like I am almost
a full grown human I have almost a full
grown human and I can't do a single
thing for myself I've never used the
washing machine I don't know how to turn
it on
I've never used to thing the dries
clothes I don't really know how to turn
the temperature up on the other yeah
it's kind of a mess
however I've been away from home a lot
recently I've been actually out kind of
socializing new people is really weird
and now I feel about it yeah so she
can't come everywhere with me firstly
she doesn't want to sent from the I
don't want
- it's a bit of clash of interest
however that means when she's at home I
have to do certain things for myself
like folding packing walking I decided I
really want a portable maid like I
really want just like a woman to follow
me around I want someone to like follow
me around places and pick up my dirt and
just clean the trousered mess I make
gonna make a lot of mess but I want
someone to scroll through Instagram for
me tell me what kind of Jen's up - I
want someone to like go through Twitter
like tweets and I want sometimes like
post my videos for me I just want
something I might as well something to
replace me just like kill me someone
else do it yeah I think that would be
really cool I just want someone to like
do my life for me honestly I think that
would be pretty expensive the next thing
that I really want that I will never be
able to have not because they're like
hella expensive or just purely because
they are from the man's feet I would say
will never be available in my puny size
Megan really doesn't like them and I've
shown him like multiple times but I do
and I saw someone wearing them yesterday
and I was like boy I really want ease so
you know the clap that off-white did
with Mike those shoes are the most oh I
really want them like I want them on
anything do they go down small enough
into my size no no they do not
and it's really sad personally I really
like these ones these ones are my
favorite ones these are my second
favorite ones and I really liked him a
lot and I really liked him I kind of
like how like on the shoe laces it says
new laces it just states the obvious
like these shoes don't have anything
particularly intelligent to say - move
myself and they're just oh it's so cute
like they all just can't they're very
like sarcastic I don't know I know I
supposed to be fashion but like I think
it's funny and I want them on another
note since I've been showing you my
phone wall I also want another phone I
figure - it's actually available now but
I've been playing Americans phone a
little bit and I really don't like the
iPhone X oh I thought I think I should
just get the eight instead because I
like the a a lot more however I really
look like stupid with an 8 because then
everyone's gonna get the X and I'd be
like oh and have the eight and it's
gonna be really sad so currently in the
process of
citing that I really hate this this has
to go very soon
another thing I've always wanted
apparently this can like give you aids
or something like that I read a story
about that so you know that's not too
exciting but you know I was like little
fish and you put your feet into a fish
tank and they chew the dead skin off
your feet I want that I really want that
it's just something so cool but little
animals just like driving off your dead
body
um yeah I'm a freak I don't know maybe
that would feel nice or maybe I can
leave with AIDS kind of want a nose job
for Christmas I don't really have a
problem with my nose I just don't like
the way it looks in pictures I kind of
want that to be fixed but I guess as I
face June however I thought let's put
the nose job aside get a boob job
instead that would definitely help me
get views I'll come and play that how
much the boob jobs cost making decent
ones not like silicone explosion ones
Wow it will cost you around three
thousand seven hundred and nineteen
dollars that's a lot of money but it's
also not a lot of money when you're
trusting someone to put plastic in your
tits so I think we'll just leave that
one to the side I'll stay with my sixty
pound Victoria Secret push our boss this
has been a video I don't know
well cool expensive things you'll never
be able to have do you want for
christmas
leave a comment down below telling me
yeah I hope you're enjoying fair to
undated Cara so far I am incredibly
stressed out but whose fault is that
it's definitely just mine it's no one
else's fault it's it's just mine
happy birthday if it's your birthday and
Merry Christmas very soon I'll see you
tomorrow I'm kind of hungry oh I want a
snack subscribe
