hi what's up how's it hangin welcome
back to day two but he who days of care
and this is the weirdest video I've ever
felt in my life
we didn't know those times you put stuff
that doesn't belong on your face on your
face Kara yes because I am in public if
you wondered why the sound quality is
probably so poor why I look so bad and
why I am moving
Megos right here I don't really want to
move this we are commuting from his
house in the north back to London
yay and I thought boy I'm getting kind
of behind on 31 days of care it's only
day two I don't really have a place or
time really to film a video you know
what a Freddy minute vid I'm okay so I
assume you guys have like a couple of
questions because I like haven't really
spoke to the camera in a while I've just
been doing weird stuff in front of it
I've had mold questions recently one of
them being Gary G we were going to
school anymore well sir it's kind of a
long story the reason why I haven't been
at school recently it's a bunch of stuff
however I think I guess I can say so I'm
I was like an hour later but now I'm in
a taxi on route 2 beautycon yeah you
heard right that's the least place you'd
expect to see me in the mall and while
the least place you'd expect to see
that's the last place you see me you
know how to speak English eh probably go
to school instead but yeah so that's
what I'm doing today it's really weird
I'm excited hopefully should get to meet
strongly you guys that would be nice
please don't hug me hubs it's really
strange and the way I can hug you guys
hands off Fairley's even that honestly
so yeah I mean it should be exciting you
should be with I'm
excited just to the vibe like I haven't
been around anyone who's like knock him
for a good I'd say 69 years now so to be
trying to to be surrounded by other
people which is something that's what
I'd never say but I guess I'm just kind
of getting your basic make okay I think
you'll be cool look there's a car boom
boom I've no idea how far away we are my
eyes orange I've got my eyes on you you
left your mark on me
soothing orange on my eyes crazy fact
about that actually I had this like fat
like makeup palette thing and I was like
bro I only gives us one color and buncha
commented Carrie you know you can
actually just buy that separately and so
I did I had a really strange customer
the customer experience customer service
experience that it was really strange I
picked up the like thing I wanted my
face no one was like no like you don't
need that you need this other color one
it's on my face it looks like okay like
I kind of what she told you I get was
bad really yeah I don't know you like
she's weird I don't really know I don't
really care but like I didn't really
want to take makeup advice from her
because she had purple lipstick on I'm
like I really wasn't feeling that
natural walks in a wild hog attack
doesn't know how the hand of it you know
I need some toys are awesome like slime
Yeah right
guys I'm so excited I'm gonna meet James
do it
for a common
the cubicles mechanism
I don't really know what to say I mean
I'm kind of blogging I'm kind of really
sure so it just went to a beauty event
anything anyone would know who I was
because like I meet me yeah there's so
many people it's really crazy but it's
so weird like technically I'm a blogger
which is why I got in the like right now
so this is Roger from MTV Cribs today
I'm going to be visiting the suite of
Kerry Bridget so yes let's see how this
goes dudes I believe this is the room
now no way oh my god no way
I don't know that Keira which room is a
TV crews welcome to my crew definitely
not Hotel my crew this is house number
17 this one is the London location part
7 while the other parts where else do
your own poverty everywhere how many
countries are there inwardly 365
something like that I think that's how
many days when a year yeah well I have a
new house every day cool um but this is
the bathroom straight away as you come
in and of course I adore reminds me of
China for some reason I don't know why
this is reflective mirrors everywhere so
I can see my reflection everywhere
because why wouldn't you want it feel
perfect oh my god what's that maybe
because some people don't need to look
in the mirror to be self confident and
appreciative oh I love me okay oh this
is really cool this is where I go and
contemplate life and how bad my views
are how myself
and how low your boyfriend's views are
at the moment yeah
it doesn't have mirror I look
particularly getting this one and yeah
I'm you gonna still it great what's new
this is a toilet this is what you pee
and it is up cameraman I need to go that
didn't I
and the floors also really nice and the
tap in fact turns on what do you use
these part these tissues right here
oh the and so pretty much this is how
you'd like me to drive up front with
before you touch me there you go using
this a same force in every hotel in
London this is some pillows mmm the
cameraman didn't like these he put them
on the floor I can eat what I want
because I think I have a really high
metabolism like bitch you just don't get
fat head up it'll even work out can't
remember the last time I eat meals for
my cell phone just carry me place it is
internet we have a fridge that's more
true enough probably not anymore I drank
it look it's here people give me things
for free
maybe it's because you're in a hotel or
maybe because people keep water in their
house in my house stay hydrated I don't
know I always got safe it's not where
you keep all of your money that's why I
get my money because I have a lot of it
but why umm yeah we just yeah it's why I
do my business meetings um why is it
hotel no piece of paper on the looks
like it actually is your house it's
Carrie's house on that okay I'm sorry I
guess I was wrong yeah and this is a
window I've tried multiple times don't
get me wrong but you can't open air jump
out so that's been the end of our tour
get out okay Roger out y'all okay
hi what's up
this has been a pretty cool vlog I guess
guys guys guys guys
clogs is real look we're here in the
hotel now we just ate a lot of food and
I'm just really tired how are you
feeling
woof woof yes I'm feeling dog too and
we're just here chillin in hotel in
London I'm bout to upload this video
it's my filming yeah sure now so that I
can upload it and that would be really
cool how are you feeling so yeah it's
been a pretty dank day I just kind of
want a nap now I hope you're feeling
dying make sure you subscribe for
channel if you haven't subscribed
already
garetty 31 days with Keira smash that
like button like I don't get smashed
because boys don't like me not even him
and I guess I will see you tomorrow
because I'm uploading every day now and
it's getting really stressful shut up
scribe
you
