hi Gucci's me in the head Oh welcome to
31 days I'm giving oh I can't see you
didn't Isaac's figure somewhere so if
you're not a Bridget spinner already a
channel so as you know this is Jacob
sutorius right here I'm filming a video
with I genuinely I actually was Jacob's
the Taurus this week us how many more
views we know each other we met and I
guess we've never like really talked
about how we met I mean you kind of
brushed over on your channel but we
never like said what actually happened
because you like to have a family friend
EPG class toys diamond car review and a
channel I don't which is probably why
you make a lot more money than me like
I'm pouring off can't get worse from
here like we can only go up so I might
not tell the real story about how me and
Sally friendly PG mugs it doesn't do
anything that's not family-friendly and
PG met for the first time that the real
actual story what happened it's a bit
talking about all the cap reasons
everything do you have and subscribe to
my channel I don't suppose you really
want to be you can there's a subscribe
button down there somewhere I don't know
just tick it you can see more of me
probably more of him because he's gay
okay give this video like if you're
excited for 31 days of Chios but how
many days are in a month and it's
probably not gonna get many likes people
don't like this leave a comment on the
video if you think Kara won't do it evil
like on the video if you think Kara will
do it and subscribe if you think care is
hot
I'm just lost all my subscribers thanks
okay so how did you feel about this it
wasn't terrible like you can remember I
remember all of it yeah I was having a
great night
luckily for me this beautiful girl
what's walked in and I was just so happy
and just my blood just got really warmed
and tingly she was just so beautiful is
most beautiful girl I've ever seen in my
life
we've kind of known of each other's
existence before we met but like never
really acknowledged it I know
weird I just never thought about you
like you never fall about me truly weird
guys no horse Oh Tara she's really hot
I'm funny
what's the first video ever watch of
mine okay so the first bit of what
should Karis was of course thinking
about don't pregnant I remember clicking
on that video and first thought was um
this girl is hot a flip like I was like
yo I want to kiss this girl really hard
like I I was like damn like this goes
stunning just absolutely beautiful and
then I watched the video and I was like
okay screw that let's go
no I'm joking thing is with me I might
wait too so I clicked on the video
watched it and then I just made me like
her more shut a very vibrant vibrant
personalities very very the first time I
ever saw a video of um my I hadn't
watched one of your videos until I'd
like met you with you and another girl
or another girl's channel I remember
like one of like my friends at a time we
had a group chat and they sent this
video it was like haha this is so funny
oh my god and we watched it together and
roasted it and roasted you last night
yeah one idea but I didn't think about
it after that and then another time my
friend Millie T she had a cold found it
really stupid like her nose looked up
and she's like you know when I went to
his room and Chester from Sheffield
proud proud Sheffield on phone and you
you have liked this video voice when she
had a coat only Milly
you sound like more it was like like
Millie would sound like more grancy how
to paradise you did to us you didn't
like cross my my still hadn't watch any
of your videos at that point like
knowing so you're a hater then you're
literally a morte oh yeah you're a hater
you are you a hater embarrassing me so
she's gone from a hater to a greater
sure that was our first passions of each
other so basically your first impression
of me was
I was cringy and you basically were a
mall cater my first impression of you
was damn she's so cute
I really wanna you know meet her I've
actually is really nice and people say
that I've changed with sobs and people
with more subs are all mean August of
2017 summer in the city was around first
youtuber that I ever went to this was
when I was like it coming like a tiny
bit legit even though YouTube web
clarify man and wife not salty what and
and so I didn't know who you were at
home I didn't I didn't know who you
weren't time until I saw a video of you
and one of my friends was like oh that's
Marx he's got like two mil and I was
like oh he's not so cool and so there
was a party of the summer city woman
days and I remember it was hmm this was
a sad night I was kind of like triggered
because the network that I'm where for
YouTube was hosting the party and they
wouldn't let me into the party because I
was underage and it was past 10:00 so I
snuck in you didn't you ran out of
security cards and so I was in there and
at one point I was on my own walking
across looking for one of my friends and
I remember seeing you because you had
that stupid blonde hair at the time sure
I loved it he had that obnoxious blonde
hair and I remember you like walk past
me walk towards me you made like eye
contact for two seconds I remember
looking you I have anyway his corneas
with her and then just like carry on
walking I remember seeing you at the
actual swim in the city event
I saw you loads of the event you were
stood with Ben and I was sort of
crossing you for ages and I was like I
was like how been pulled up I was bent
over so I love you Ben but to be fair at
the time you are brown hair and I think
before that I remember you having like
blonde hair I remember thinking oh wow
wait is that her originally I was like
damn she was bad one huh can cause Mike
something that blonde I do remember it
was like um oh so did you know them the
place you went in those other desk I
wish sometimes you want to cost me for
like a minute strange like for those
like five minute conversation you know
usually just that and then I remember
seeing you sat with him in the press
room a few times cool interesting
weekend that was things change things
moved on and then we move on to
September now September how many views
again September hold on my manager and
my good friend Hanna Mongoose were in
London and so me Millie and Mongoose and
my manager Jordan and town system sorry
I'm kind of friend willow shooting combo
ball in my dick when you boy morgues had
obviously bought a penthouse suite with
a view over the river of London because
a I'm only joking as my manager and so
when we get caught what Millie gets a
call from Ben and at this point in time
you better have a little bit beef like
me and Ben we weren't talking we the
thing isn't me and Ben like when we
speak to each other we just we just like
fight Bank was merely up and Ben's like
oh I'm at this party with like you and
like all these other people if they
didn't say that and he was like oh do
you want to come and then he was like
yeah I guess I care that would be cool
and he was like he's care with you or
something like that and she was like
yeah and I was like I should probably
speak to them like make up with him
before I go over so if it wasn't for be
mmm wait I talked about on the phone I
make up with them we become friends
again and we all head off to this party
I was kind of a little bit bored about
the party like parties aren't really
like your thing I don't like get into it
like everyone else you know what I mean
like so I was sitting there like pretty
I wish I could get there I wish I
wouldn't 12 on the inside I wish I
didn't have the liver of a five-year-old
so before
go into this party everyone here is
upstairs in the party calm down because
like it was quite like nice hotel like
you had to let us up and they are really
strict on how many people could be in
the room so like a group like you and
some of your friends like I don't really
know who it was a group of a male
specimen he says like hi to everyone
like he goes around like oh hi how you
like hugs everyone everyone everyone I
was like hey timer a Tyler's manager hey
Tyler's friend
hey man hey Millie oh there's another
girl huh so you know my first impression
of him was I mean I don't particularly
love like talking people I don't know so
I wasn't like that sad that he didn't
say anything to me I just thought oh
he's kind of rude I guess but then again
I don't tend to like introduce herself
to people how often something like
relatable you know I mean I like this
guy he doesn't like me but I didn't like
think about it for the rest night
I wish same on a chair and I remember
sitting on it like this like I have my
legs I just touch like that and I just I
feel it it's just freely dawn yeah and
all of a sudden the morgues approaches
me and I don't remove dead I mean you
just sort of like didn't awkward like hi
hey and then you went um yeah you're
you're killer aren't you your camera she
said that and it's just like some light
conversation and I thought she seems
quite nice you know like I'm a nice guy
you know
yeah then I guess the night just moved
on you did all the things on people the
party got a bit there people left
everyone left me and Millie had a hotel
booked in like East London which was
like quite a what like why the way like
five minutes away and you're like oh you
guys in like a staying here and I was
like if you want and use it yeah yeah
sure that's fine
and then that's the demography for Lydon
it gets like 7:00 a.m. stuff and all of
the beds were taking on people were like
in Tom beds million want Ben Jacob was
in another one but I didn't only I'm
Jacob because me and David especially
bed before scaring it was kind of weird
and so I thought okay well what do I do
I just pulled a strop I walked out of
the room I went into the living room bit
and that's where you are yeah boy and
you know in the room there's only one
sofa so you know what I say
what else would we possibly have done
you know there was no other room so as
you like I was like looks like the only
possible way we both can get to sleep as
if we both lay down together
and cuddle of course because I'm
completely irresistible and beautiful
I'm gone lost sums care agrees and I
remember at this point I thought okay I
guess all the guns like sorry but this
place was so cold so we kind of like
needed like a blanket of some kind so I
remember we both went into like Jacobs
room together and went to try and take
that they cover off him and as I pulled
the cover of him
I remember you put in your arms like
around me like giving me a behind hug
and I thought that's like disappoints it
this voice goes to our side in here is
DM Jacob did come and take it back
sorry but we I guess we just like laid
down cold and I suppose what you were
thinking well let's get a little bit
closer like you know body heat you know
how penguins huddle together to stay
well of course I was just so yeah I was
just on the short bit and you was like
oh no no they hear like next to me like
there's more space it'll be way more
comfortable if we do that really really
okay really never a little bit and then
your own goes around me it's just he I
was just and we're talking for a little
bit and we're like really getting along
and we're like talking about stuff I was
like hey you know I was like we was
really tired at this point we were like
kind of gone I'd had like 1 cap recently
there was you fell asleep I didn't fall
asleep really yeah yeah I remember you
snored a little bit I lost and I wake
you up
you meant I need to ablate woke up I did
that so it was like just like lots of
penguin conservation going on this sofa
just laying that generally like this oh
your head was kind of evolving I don't
know how this happened I remember how it
happened guys what bass carpet it was
kind of like a yeah so when I went home
and ever since then we're there the very
second that I left you damn you
lumbering waste
and I waited a few hours to text you you
know I wait I wait I waited to like get
home because I wanted to think about it
I want to like process that night think
about what you were gonna give me
another shot
yeah that's how we met and it blossomed
into this follow me on my social media
okay bye
Mussa bottom where's the bottle I don't
know where the bottom it is there I
don't know one is what recipe is it this
one
you
