I it's currently 3:30 p.m. I just woke
up that's why my bed looks like that
just kidding it it always looks like
that
I feel like dying I'm in a terrible mood
I want to punch a baby and the puppy and
the cat I don't say that I want to go
back to see it I've been doing this
thing recently where I've been going to
see but like 7:00 a.m. and they're not
being able to wake up and feel free it's
not good for the environment or your
body kids don't choose to do that it's
such a problem and I don't know how to
break it so tips would be appreciated I
want to die however I thought boy after
films and videos today haven't filmed
some videos because of my weird sleeping
schedule it's just like burned my whole
life just casually if you ever wondered
why people with insomnia are so
triggered this is why so I thought boy I
have to get my stuff do I have to film
some videos today why not film a video
of me trying to film my video meaning
you can just watch me take the death out
of my face I don't even really want to
talk we can talk what's up how are you
doing I don't care I feel like I'm too
tired today to be funny so you can just
laugh am i suffering to start off with
I'm gonna do some shiny glitter lotion
stuff on my face to apparently make me
look better after this video I'm not
gonna get one more I wish I looked like
you comment ever again she was so
naturally pretty
yeah that was good my face feels nourish
I feel slightly better about myself next
time right on the arch my lips hey
crusty my god
Oh next so I'm just gonna take this I'm
just gonna
yeah okay that was waiting March I feel
like a beauty guru on crap probably
doesn't look like it's necessary at this
point but I'm going a lot more jetting
than it looks
Kiera why are you using your fingers and
not beauty blenders because my last
video involved me putting food on my
face and I use them for that and they're
in the process of being destroyed I
don't even want to be adventurous today
I want to do what oh my god okay my
literal everyday look just involves this
one shade from this one palette dab it
in like that love it oh I thought the
only thing you blow it is you serious oh
my god yeah I think I'll do great done
cool I hate this bit and then it goes
right
I look like I have such an eye infection
okay cool now I get my bronzer I dip my
finger in it because I'm a child and
there I just there you go if you really
want to be adventurous
great great don't I look just great dr.
FATA new today honestly
apparently society says that my eyebrows
have to be like free shades darker than
they actually are
just very slightly because that's what
society says you know what that's what I
have to do the shade of my eyebrow has
changed just slightly but that's about
it
cool now my eyebrows fit society
standards I'm so angry at the world
today honestly don't touch me yay for
the last few days I was just then so
miserable why did I wait Twyman phillips
i can't start talking hold on yay I've
been in the worst mood for like the last
three days I don't really know why I've
been alone for a very long time like I
haven't really had much human contact in
the last I'd say three weeks and usually
that's fine like usually I don't see
people for like months on end I remember
when it broke my leg last year I stayed
in my house for like a year and saw they
Free People one of those being with dog
but I've kind of been forced to be more
social this year and it kind of made me
more weird when I don't have human
contact for a long time not that I like
you more contact that much so I'm more
because like it's just something I got
used to and now it's not there and I
don't really like change and it like
things like change in my life I don't
know I like routine by also not being
really spontaneous it's really weird I'm
such a weird person oh my gosh
a common break has some in calcio
supposed to do of a face I think this is
it also my hair's been doing this weird
thing recently where it just looks like
this all the time someone explain that
because I can't um this is honestly
gonna be a 2 second long video isn't it
this isn't even gonna get to 10 minute
mark
that's how miserable I was today Wow I
usually ramble a lot I mess with what
politics and what's Donald Trump doing I
don't know I stopped caring a long time
ago have a great day bye my match is
only available to Christmas I'm Way too
tired to plug but if you feel sorry for
me and you'll do it because maybe me
having more money my bank account will
get me motivated like do something for
once I don't know
happy birthday if it's your birthday and
subscribe I'm really miserable
