hi what's up Koki Bridget here back with
your daily dose of clout what's good Qi
well good I'm tired already mean we
can't make green socialblade I'm doing
great actually not that anyone asked or
cares I'm going to be filming video of
filming a video of me doing things I
don't think this is a particularly
revolutionary idea however this is just
kind of what I wanted to do say so you
know what I did it because when you got
clout you can do what you want anybody
telling me what to do which again could
be a good game I want to fight little
pong yeah square up everyone sweet
little pumpkin I want to fight no Keith
stone oh my gosh please don't I've been
complaining a lot recently
the more I've been uploading on YouTube
the worse my skin's been getting because
I've been wearing makeup every single
day to escalate the situation
it's kind of like I noticed I've been
putting on a bit of weight recently so
I've just been eating more and more to
try and distract myself from the fact
that I'm putting on weight and I've just
kind of been depression eating because
I'm really insecure about how I look
right now oh my gosh is therapy so I'm
sure people think that I have like
genuine problems I don't know whoever
may be on today I'm about to ruin myself
but I guess before you start watching
this video before I you know actually do
something you should really hit a
subscribe button otherwise you'll die do
that right now and then give this video
a thumbs up if you want to win a pair of
cloud goggles want to join my free
giveaway subscribe to my channel like
the video and turn notifications on and
finally tell me in the comment section
below I'm going to be doing half of my
face with regular makeup and half my
face with food makeup and I'm gonna be
seeing that I can replicate it and see
if I can make the food makeup look just
as good as the actual makeup side even
though I'm not that great at real makeup
like I don't really make much of an
effort on a day-to-day basis so I don't
really think there's going to be much in
it today it's just like depression do
whatever talks about how no one loves
her Kyra talks how she's forever alone
and has no friends and like normally
cares about her on a deep personal level
willing people are just using Kyra I
don't even have a different worth using
me for I really need to stop this
someone medicate me anyway brave okay
that's good I generally have a lot of
condiments knock on
I don't know what condiment is I'm
stupid I'm it's going wild but it's
actually I got a lot of like seasoning
and baking goods and just general things
that are bad for you that I'm probably
gonna you know snack on after this to
put on my face I feel like could in some
way shape or form possibly if I really
stretch it and then heavily Photoshop
blur zoom out just could potentially
look like makeup I need to clean this
now why am i stupid we have a teabag I
thought that possibly I could moisten
this and I could potentially try and use
it some kind of foundation like a BB
cream like a tinted moisturizer I don't
know next I have Nesquik banana powder
this isn't for me what I bought four
years old
I don't eat it straight out of the pot I
thought I could use this a setting
powder banana powder setting powder I'm
so funny next I have some Italian herb
it's not really sure what I'm gonna use
this for sparkly balls yay butterflies
is fun fact I hate butterflies like
butterflies you know the ones that like
fly and stuff like insects they terrify
me don't really know why I just hate
them and I want them all to die they
don't really serve a purpose like at all
and they're ugly and when you see them
up close they're like furry and weird
and put a butterfly near me and I'll get
you in the throat until you die and then
I have dots which look like the
butterflies but aren't butterflies and
they are dots are not butterflies though
Marine Joyce who next I have some
paprika I feel like this will kill me if
I put it on my face but if you couldn't
tell I'm not in the mood to be alive
today so I don't care
next we have some sparkly pink stuff not
really sure what we're gonna do with
this but um and then I have some honey
because okay then I have to cinnamon
another thing I might kill me if I put
it on my face do I care no you know I
act way more depressed than I actually
am we have some think this is expired I
bought this in California in 2015 so not
only has it traveled cross-continental
it's also out of date is this gonna kill
me
don't know don't care Tara stop it I
have my real makeup it's in there in
this box I felt like maybe I should do a
makeup collection video at one point
give this video
up if you want to see that oh my god
would be so funny and cute relatable so
I'm gonna use this side of my face as a
makeup face and this side of my face as
a food face so I'm gonna start with
washing my face because I kind of have
makeup on already know I love a cheat
okay I'm kind of lazy that'll do I like
have one and a half eyebrows still left
for whatever psyche I don't even know
where to start so for this side of my
face I'm just gonna use a moisturizer to
moisturize my face and keep it hydrated
and stuff like that because if you've
been following me for a long time you'll
know that I'm a crusty dry person I am
the Sahara Desert on crack that's my
prime if in this half of my face and for
the other half of my face
we're gonna use honey because my skin is
really dry and like yuck I was like
researching a bunch of ways to like
brighten it and make him more youthful
and like yeah and one of the things was
to put honey on my skin so I did that
for a couple of weeks and it actually
worked but it made literally everything
stick to my face
it made like flies that were just flying
past like stick to my face like no joke
I found a living what I'm not living I
found a fly like it like an animal in my
face trying to nourish me like this
works it's just like not good for the
environment you know what I mean oh my
god Carrie cares about the environment
no not really whenever I tweet about me
people always homies go again and I'm
like no thanks so stop telling me please
it doesn't look bad it feels horrendous
though so for this side of my face I'm
gonna use a BB like tinted I'm really
great at showing the right side of the
packaging not like they care I'm gonna
use this BB cream tinted moisturizer
thing on this side of my face because I
don't really think I'm gonna get
anything really full coverage on this
side of my face using food because it's
food unless I like want to start in
blackface which I don't I don't need a
scandal in here so we're just gonna go
for something very light I'm also like
low-key perfect so I don't need full
coverage I didn't say that okay I'm
pretty covered I'm not really sure how
this is gonna turn out but we're gonna
try the tea bag method first oh my gosh
okay so I've just put some water on a
tea bag okay that's not nice man so Cara
why haven't you been in school recently
I mean it's not so good um it's not
working no oh my gosh I'm breaking it oh
my god it's getting in my phone okay
nothing's happening you have no idea how
much just stuff I ruin
when I film these videos I never like
really buy things for video I just kind
of use the things I already own and then
those things go away forever this is why
I can't have nice things like tromping
is happening this feels really
refreshing I feel like this has some
health benefits or something it smells
so why does that taste nice oh my god is
there something wrong with me
do I have diabetes why would that
correlate the way this is acting is like
a Beautyblender like the tea bag just
like doubting in my face like I'm tea
backing my face let me go there so funny
is how the difference I can um this
looks like feces okay then I didn't
think about concealer okay so for my
regular concealer I'm just gonna put it
under my eyes like this yeah a beauty
guru here and then just yeah and on this
side of my face okay bear with me this
is going to be a horrible idea but I'm
going to DIY my own concealer I'm gonna
get some water and I'm gonna pour it
into this tiny little tub okay it's a
small little tub is filled with water
okay cool and then I'm gonna get Nesquik
and just oh god there's such a waste of
food the kids in Africa would have been
having a field day today I feel bad I
feel like I'm gonna go and donate to a
charity of this or something um so so
this looks like minion semen and it's
kind of too liquidy it's not the
consistency of concealer yet I just want
to cover up my insecurities and anxiety
which means across a fat night oh please
just let me conceal myself the next day
I'm going to paint the substance under
my eye
I forgot this cinnamon in this okay well
that didn't do anything
maybe the day can be saved with some
powder Nesquik come to the rescue
using banana powder as banana powder wow
I'm impressed
oh my gosh okay I literally zero out of
ten recommend doing this but also like I
don't care so if you ever don't have a
powder this is a great substitute okay
let's just brush that way hmm Oh
contouring so I'm not very good at
makeup but we're just gonna do what I
think you're supposed to do that's any
way to March I'm not gonna blend that in
right away because on the other side
is so bad I can't even doing this
listening much oh my god it looks like
someone's pooped on my face like not the
color but it's just the consistency
human feces why was it weird this is why
everyone hates me okay so let's just
Beautyblender this in this was
definitely too much where I can't even
do real makeup this is such a problem
I'm so untalented in every area
why is everything I say I mean that
didn't work now we're going to
Beautyblender chocklit into my face okay
we still haven't moved on from the poop
face it's kind of clumping up like a
poop on my face you need to tie them and
you can just use my face I mean it's not
horrific but then again I know nothing
about makeup I definitely wouldn't go
outside like this but I don't go outside
so it doesn't matter I don't even do
this on a regular day because like when
you blush do you mean to embarrass and
if you're embarrassed people know you
care and I don't care about anything I
have no feelings so I don't tend to use
that often but there you go this is so
bad this is the worst actual makeup job
I've ever seen in my whole life like I
think this side looks worse than this
side oh no it's poop in my hair
nevermind and the other side of my face
we are going to use paprika
I shouldn't shorter I just can't stop
you know if this doesn't work if
anything I'll get a nice allergic
reaction out of it and that'll be great
click base so I don't think that did
anything I'm not very excited about this
bit I don't trust myself with regular
things around my eyes let alone things
that could infect me I feel like this is
gonna be a novel one where we like crush
things down into liquids so first we're
gonna use the poop wanna be Nutella
darken up my crease I don't know just
poop in my eye who needs a toilet or a
face no just poop wet d into my eye
I'm really so used to getting wherever I
want that like one things I'm working
angry things that shouldn't work I just
expect everything to work I just always
get my own ways so funny no but do I
have a choice also no so okay as much as
I hate them I think we're gonna cook
butterfly on my eye just to light
shineth things up whatever it's called I
don't know so I guess we have to make it
match on the other side I'm gonna go
into my Urban Decay Naked palette
around and brown and just that'll do
why if I switched why am I now
recreating food makeup on my face with
me
finally lipstick okay and then I'm gonna
take some paprika on my hand I'm then
gonna get it a bit moist
ouch it smells horrible I hate it now I
got another lump of food why people
might hire you can poop in my mouth the
stings oh my gosh well that worked what
have we learnt from this don't do this
ever this is a really bad idea I don't
know probably makes me a bad idea and I
understand an awful mood like I'm just
in a mood like for no reason I'm just
angry at the world if you have any out
subscribe up near subscribe button
because the some reason we are uniting
in such way and it feels so good they
have this little cute collection of
people we are just our fam we're gonna
win the internet it's gonna be great I
can't wait stay tuned I'm gonna be so
rich it's like it's like we're gonna be
funny and I'm gonna like share of all of
you it's gonna be so cool
leave and don't ever come back on my
channel ever again unless you want to be
dead
I'm just kidding it's definitely come
back I need a goodbye
