hi so for the vast majority of 2016-2017
a plague has riddled the Internet of
videos where people fill things with
things that shouldn't be in those things
basically people just putting things
inside of other thing in a monetizable
fashion because most of these channels
are incredibly PG and boring however
admittedly you can't help but be
fascinated by these videos sometimes
I'll be laying in bed at night and I
won't be able to sleep wondering hmm I
wonder how many butt plugs I can fit in
a 25 foot long swimming pool it's just
such a shame that I'll never have the
funding to be able to afford that many
bot plugs to see how many of them would
fit inside a swimming pool I can't sleep
at night just wondering whether you
would need more than 60 baht plugs to
fill a swimming pool these are life's
answered questions kids Oh have you know
that we have a brigade of people on the
Internet answering these questions for
us in the name of science and Jesus and
Jake Paul you've got to give these guys
credit though all of the hard work they
put into these videos to fill up the
empty voids we have inside full of
unanswered questions of how many
inappropriate objects can fill up
another object wowzer it is shocking one
light equals one prayer for the real
heroes so the other night I was just
sitting there when all over the seven I
discovered some glitter in my hair and I
thought wow that's mad I used this bitch
on my eyelids multiple weeks ago and
it's still in my hair it doesn't come
out get up it's the fattest
inconvenience in the whole world once
you put it on it's not going anywhere
it's staying that forever I'm sure that
is some ancient fossilized glitter
somewhere from the Year 2 BC along with
some dinosaurs or something because it
just doesn't go away so therefore came
to my mind hmm how can I inconvenience
myself further oh yes let's fill my bath
with glitter and film it and then fill
me in the bath and that sounds really
weird when you say it like that look I
don't know why I'm doing this it's just
what I wanted to do today subscribe so
the great youtuber I am who invests
heavily in their projects has collected
some glitter it was about 20 pounds from
Amazon and good investment click them
out
I'm gonna put it in the bath I don't
really know what else to say about it
apart from I'm gonna put the glitter
which is here inside of the bath Oh
should I put bath bombs in it too
wow I really thought about this you're
gonna have a fat little boss subscribe
give it a thumbs up if you hated this so
I've just filled my Gucci bag of fruit
glitter how to make every big channel on
YouTube hate you 101 let's do this
hey so this is the bar this is where I
live and this is where I submerge my
body into occasionally when I feel like
being clean keyword occasionally wash
yourself kids and this is where the
magic is going to take place I'm going
to be submerging myself into a body of
water full of bits up and see what
happens although I can probably imagine
what happens stay tuned
one thing I'm kind of curious about is
whether the ghost is going to sink to
the bottom or float on top and actually
look cute if it sinks this is gonna be
awful okay
subscribe
okay the boss have prepared
I am very Nikki please don't look I am
slightly scared really know the outcome
of this is gonna be but like let's go
I'm like what I'm allergic to theater I
probably am watch me get rash off to
this just to mix things up a little bit
I think we're gonna start up a bath bomb
yeah I know I'm getting a bit so just
tell me do I have quite the selection of
bath bombs in this special little pot I
really know where to start
videos for this one it's yellow I like
yellow I'm yellow I like you wanna make
a video testing out loads of different
lush bathrooms in one bath and see what
happens to give it a thumbs up if you
want that yeah let's go wow that's
fluorescent um and here you have a wild
bath bomb in its natural habitat being a
bath bomb gently fizzing I don't really
know how to comment area bath one but
this looks poisonous but it's a great
place to start
well how they blew in it okay cool time
to get in I feel with being in a bath of
clothes on why am i five years old
there's gonna be the weirdest video to
edit just me flopping around in colorful
moisture okay what from this ends up in
porn huh we've got plays and bitter and
just to start with to spice things up I
think we should start with black little
everybody's flirting explosion explosion
emoting
wow this is the coolest thing I've ever
seen in my whole life like a
five-year-old
we're gonna start with these big chunks
of glitter I don't know I feel like
these all fall removal Genomics floating
this is mad this is crazy I mean what is
Christmas is Christmas it's literally
Christmas on the subject of Christmas
big announcement I'm gonna be uploading
every single day in December this is the
most beautiful thing I've ever seen in
my whole life I'm actually involved next
window for it just to spice things up a
little bit any kind looks like blood and
we was a period both oh oh my god and
it's actually quite cold down there that
flows do hope you're going to clean up
after your job now let's try silver
actually Christmas like I feel like it's
Christmas this is a most beautiful thing
in the whole world is the most
entertainers everything in my whole life
now I know why people make videos doing
stuff like this it's the funnest thing
the whole world now we're trying
holographic gold what if I just do like
one beep oh boy I'm sure oh my god oh my
god oh my gold it's gold it's reminding
me of money let me borrow your money
like that's one of my big dreams
these thumbs up this video subscribe and
click all of my other one they can
boffin money and I promise I'll make
video next week okay it was a few show I
never knew how to pronounce the color
fuchsia for like 69 years of my life
child
it's literally Christmas I feel like a
Buffy nuclear waste boy I'm green again
thank you for giving me opportunity to
live my dreams every single day I love
you guys
this holographic why is it boy loves it
cocaine oh my god another dream of mine
barfi and cocaine makes you kick my ass
and subscribe so I can do that one day
I'll probably make a video about it oh
my gosh oh my gosh for me watch me watch
your pink well we have done pink yeah
this is crazy what I may go to make what
am I gonna make omegas Philippos Jesus
this is the most amazing me hoard I've
never seen anything like this and so
proud of myself for coming up
Oh green again is so much green if
you've ever done oh okay
this is so magical I don't know how to
describe it I don't know how to put this
feeling into words honestly I don't
really know what to do my restiveness
videos gonna be stopped my body for the
next ten years I know it should I put
another past woman oh my gosh it just
like crucial good sir away okay this
feels really ugly I feel like I'm dying
okay where I feel like this video is
kind of over should I end it here I
guess I showed my camera's dying anyway
okay in conclusion I don't really know
how I feel about this this is the
weirdest thing like ever done in my
whole life and I'm probably never gonna
do it again
JK I'll definitely do something that's
weird again I've come to the conclusion
that I don't hate channels that put
things in large quantities of water for
lulz
this was an interesting scientific
experiment I genuinely wanted to know
what happened
thanks for subscribing to me and my
channel and liking me and following me
on all of my social media I'm sorry that
I'm such a free it's just what I wanted
to do today and that's what YouTube
should be about making the content you
want to make for yourself then no one
else is approval you're gonna hate this
I know that okay have a great birthday
if it's your birthday
you
