hi what's up hangin what's good in the
hood etc etc I take pride in the fact
that my youtube channel isn't a perfect
representation of my life is in my life
stage painting pretty isn't me making
myself out to be the best person in the
whole entire world I just make what I
feel like making and a lot of the time
what I feel like making isn't
necessarily what anyone asked for what
anyone wanted it's just what I felt like
doing that day how stressful I don't
particularly feel like doing this today
it did of what I wanted to make at all
but by popular demand it is here I'm
scared
one like on this video equals one path
and the brave soldiers injured meaning
me but doing this my general mental
health has been you know somewhere
around here recently it's about to take
a massive plunge so get ready to watch
that live footage or I can put like
position take me back to the story time
days or don't keep me away from there I
started out on YouTube making story time
videos and I used to tell stories about
things that happened in my life two of
them were particularly prominent how I
got away with murder which was a quick
great story about how I killed a gerbil
and finger-banged in pregnant which is
iconic in many ways about a girl who's a
bully and harass me because I think I
liked a boy and she liked him too but he
was bad and now he has a baby and she
told me that he what he had his on us
and that made her pregnant and that she
pooped out and then told me she was
gonna beat me up I was 12 and then I
uploaded that video it got like quarter
of a million views in a day I was pretty
shook by that I'd never seen anything
like it before and just by chance a
couple of people who it was about found
out including the go it was about and
the girlfriend of the boy who is in the
story that now has a child's new
girlfriend I've got a couple of DMS I
got into a couple of confrontations and
I want
to make a part two I was Loki being a
 I don't know give this video a
thumbs up if you would have fingerbang
to pregnant
part 2 edition where I expose what
happened after I made that video oh it
was just it was so ah like it was bad
like I don't even want to talk about it
but I'll talk about it make sure you
subscribe to my channel because because
if you can't tell already it's a bit of
a mess and if things are going really
good in your life right now you need
something to spice it up you need to do
you need to reminder that bad things do
exist I'm really bad at selling myself I
need to stop and also leave a comment
down below letting me know what you
thought of the old storytime days
whether you want them back join the
Bridget spinners I cringe every time I
say that and we are currently the
fastest growing channel on YouTube don't
fact-check that but we might as well be
our community of really nice genuine
smart intelligent cool people is just
growing it's like we can all have
friends because I'm sure none of us have
actual friends outside of the internet
let's watch I guess just because I know
how much it would annoy some of you and
that's the only time I'm ever gonna
clean okay get ready to watch me cringe
19 minutes long people sat there for 19
minutes and listened to me talk about
SEMA get out before it's too late
and then proceeded to insert it inside
of her using his hands worth body slams
her on the floor okay
that was interesting kara so I thought
let's make an intro to like grab
people's attention right at the
beginning but I don't think that's what
anyone wants to be greeted with when
they can open up a video I decided to
choose the most graphic pieces to put
the front look just like a little teaser
like straight up fingering like I was
delusional hi
nothing has changed the cool case of boy
comes between two girls oh no but he was
the one who ignited her hostility
towards me he was the catalyst he
brought out her snake-like features
right Taylor Swift joking this bitch
isn't even in her League
anyway this I guess this came out around
the same time as like the Kimye versus
Taylor drama and I feel bad for saying
that and I feel bad for every time I
call Taylor's with a snake because I
realized I dislike her so much because
we are incredibly alike me and I have a
lot of traits that I'm ashamed of
yet proud of because I think she's a
billionaire if you're gonna be
internationally hated might as well be
crying about it in a Ferrari how did I
get from finger-banged and pregnant to
Taylor Swift in a frock and now I'm
going into talking a little bit like
about the guy that this video is about
also I'm pretty sure one time he told me
over texts he wants to beat me of a
baseball bat no genuinely that happened
he genuinely said next time I see you
I'm gonna beat you a baseball bat I
chose to remain friends with him you can
tell I didn't have many friends at this
point I was getting a little bit
desperate this is when it gets beefy
this is when it gets QC this is when the
tears spilt this is coffee
so at this point I come to explaining
like by the conflict between them let's
go occurred you'll be very surprised to
know that this video wasn't demonetized
at any point and I feel like nowadays
YouTube is de monetizing like even
Ryan's toys reviews so I don't know
what's up with that never recover from
after finding out that she liked him
just purely calls me inconvenience and
to prove a point
every time I would try and get to know
baby daddy she would pop her little
rat-faced in and open up the fish market
pause why did no one tell me that this
was only earlier this year but I feel
like I'm looking back at a child like a
younger version of myself like I feel
like I was 10 in this video like I had
the mental age of 10 like I had the
maturity of a physical 10 year old and
it stresses me out so much I'd say hi to
him she'd literally be like like ask him
how he was and she'd be like I'd ask
about his dog and aggressively spread
sleds
it's like acid Jonah could sense when we
were communicating what can I say I
just a comedian I don't even know how I
feel about this
I just trying to look back and wonder if
I would have said all of this stuff
knowing that later in the future YouTube
would be monetize me for like showing my
ankles I just wonder if I would have
said any of this at all I'm thinking no
I'm also thinking yes because I still
kind of had a grudge against this girl
for many years because I never really
got my revenge on her
she just kind of moved away and got away
with being a bitch to me for many years
and this was lowkey my revenge I guess I
don't really care about people that
irrelevant anymore like thought doesn't
really enter my brain I'm only watching
this because I care about old me
literally no one else they probably
would still have uploaded her maybe
would have like beeped out a thing and
got on my revenge don't mess with people
for YouTube channels because they will
make a video about you they will make
money off that video and you'll be sad
it's sad but it's the way the world
works
capitalism I've gotten less funny maybe
daddy knew he'd made a mistake I had
some stuff and apparently she was a very
bad kisser
so probably didn't care about me he just
wanted to see if he you get an upgrade
from what just happened he followed me
home and outside of my house he
proceeded to tell me that he's sorry and
that he should have chose me I didn't
take off his offer but I forgave him
with no hard feelings you know I'm a
very forgiving person even to this day I
used to hold grudges like really hold
grudges but I realized that wasn't
getting me anywhere if I'm not dying if
no one's dying if I know they're not
going to try and make me die in the
future then generally I just brush beef
away accept the fact that not everyone
is a nice person all of the time
including myself and try and be less of
a bitch and try and make people around
be less than bitch but sometimes there's
got to be a line there are some people
you just think boy you're a bad egg you
stay on that side of the line this guy
was one of them do anything for a bit of
dick please don't touch me we got into a
fire and the dumb bitch I am brought up
the fact that she threatened me and that
was evidence and of course she denied it
she had the audacity to deny it so at
that section I was explaining how she
came to my house threatened to like beat
me up or something
filmed it and I mentioned to her that I
filmed it and I had evidence and she
wanted to delete it from my phone
because she knew I was the kind of
person to be like hey please funnily
enough after I made this video I got a
couple of threats in writing to make
sure you give this video a fat thumbs up
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see some of those that I was actually
gonna take to please because like I have
freedom of speech and I shouldn't be
threatened I'm not so much about law and
I'm more about like if you're a bad
person I'm gonna talk badly about you on
the Internet and I'm not even gonna say
your name so you don't even get cloud
from her fam that'd be such an
interesting video and low key finger I'm
gonna get fret after this video if
anyone who saw that video sees this
video telling me not to make that video
honey you should have thought about that
if we slid into my dance telling me you
know where I live this is messy released
his man fluids into his hand and then
proceeded to insert it inside of her
using his hand woof outside that's
enough of that
okay I don't even know let me know you
for about me revisiting finger-banged
and pregnant almost a year later I don't
know how I feel about it anymore it was
a great video gonna be a lot of sobs
call me a bit a dollar got my revenge
make someone who made me sad four years
sad probably momentarily but it was like
you low-key worth it because the beef
was fun and now I'm probably gonna get
another video office after this exposing
the messages that I caught on the frets
and beside behavior because how Father
Son the Holy Spirit idea and the name of
the cloud so yeah make sure you
subscribe to my channel there's really
no reason why you should do it pop from
like sometimes I'm kind of into two half
just do it join the family of Bridgette
spinners you can buy my merch while I'm
really selling this well I'm making it
available up until Christmas I didn't
know when I wanted to call up the
limited edition thing but so many of you
guys are messaging me on Twitter I'm
jamming me saying that you really want
to get it for Christmas or you like want
to ask my parents to buy it for you for
Christmas you don't like me to take it
away yet because that's what you really
want so i'mma leave it till Christmas
however then sadly I think it's gonna
have to go make sure you give this video
a fat like and a fat comment if you want
me to do fingerbang
part two I was thinking think about an
angry desperate addition well has my
life turn into okay subscribe bye oh
wait before someone asks ya that is a
yoga mat no I don't use it
everyone make sure you go to teespring
comm / stores / kara
- Bridget to get some of this dank much
today
