that was anticlimactic oh no this is bad
so you can see how uncoordinated and not
mind my outfit
hi was it hanging you good I'm not too
good some days you just you just don't
want to today is one of those days I
just don't want to anything before I get
into this let me just state the obvious
a couple of times one this is not my
setting but honestly it might as well be
because I'm not anywhere else ever - I
look especially hideous today my hair is
up which I don't do very often in videos
it's quite fitting today's video because
you're gonna need a full in-depth review
of my face just kidding I'm lazy and
finally care about a brand do you know
what you'd see the day I feel like this
is a big step for me I'm not the kind of
person who's just gonna like it
authentically push something to you that
like you're not gonna like but boy I
have come across some ineffective
technology if you are a person you like
clothes and wearing them which I'm sure
you all do your public nudity is illegal
kids and I think this would be really
great you just it's great for me all the
time I get comments from all of you guys
like hey Kyra very close from I like to
tell you I like to help you out however
as we have probably gathered from this
video and my general appearance right
now all the most active of people
they're replying to a billion comments
asking where my socks are from that's
not gonna happen
heiresses and it's called 21 buttons and
it's pretty much essentially like
Instagram but for shopping which is all
I ever do
it's somewhere where you can upload
pictures of you wearing different
clothes and if you've ever like seen
anything on my Instagram and you thought
boy that is one nice insert garment so
you can go into the app you can go into
my profile which is Kara Bridget you
should really follow me on that on this
app you are going to learn that me Kara
only ever wears black clothes and I'm
sure if you're watching my channel you
probably have some deep set insecurities
so black probably very flattering color
on you you can tap on the little dots
where is her jeans from okay thank you
can visit the website Buy It Yourself
I don't wear like overly expensive
clothes because like good in everything
you can download it on iOS and
it and you can click the link in the
description of this video to on Amunet
cool i've also uploaded an exclusive oh
yeah photo you can go and check out
right now to see some behind the scenes
kira i have been presented with a sock
just kidding an iphone eggs it's not
mine this phone does some pretty cool
things I'm not sure how I feel about it
yeah I think I like it I mean I look
good in the camera and that's that's all
the matters really but it does this
really cool thing I'm sure you've all
heard it has a face ID recognition thing
now hold on I don't trust this one bit I
feel like it's saving our faces and
sending them off to the government and
they're gonna kill us then again I feel
like snapchats already done that so you
kind of win some you lose some you know
I mean we are compromising comfort
I'm not safety and it's bad we're all
gonna die really soon someone cool it
all must we can a is taking over the
world this bothers me a lot people tell
me that I look like other people all of
the time and I hate it here are just a
few of those people and okay I don't
think that I was that unattractive until
people started comparing me to other
people that I find not that attractive
can I say that am i fat shaming oh I'm a
little bit offended you kind of have a
point by a very indestructible ego is
slowly being chiseled away I'm not
comfortable with that I probably needed
a reality check so this probably isn't
gonna work I'm just gonna put that out
there what if I could try and clickbait
this phone into thinking that it was me
when it's actually not me and just
someone that looks like me this is a
terrible idea
are you ready to get kicked baited fired
what did you say
no oh you don't care ok let's do this
you missing one yeah
let me just switch one so I asked you
guys on Twitter the names of some people
who resemble apparently I don't see if I
guess you do I think it's kind of like
how people always say they don't look
like they're siblings but like everyone
else can see it apart from them you know
what I mean probably not citizen boy
that's a joke ooh
young Christina Aguilera Wow
that's freaky Jake can you just stop
drawing me peen no Cyrus oh my god this
photo looks
like me when I was born don't stop it
guys that's really mean
so I was a distract Selena Gomez no that
is false I don't believe that because
then maybe Justin Bieber replaced my
teams just a little just to prove a
point there is this one picture of Nora
Cyrus okay well there's two and I think
I look incredibly like her in them and
it's the only time I see it I'm gonna
try and recreate both of these pictures
before we go into the video just to
prove a point that you know some I'm not
joking here we're gonna break your phone
oh wow I can actually see it now this is
this is a this is a problem I don't know
how I feel about this do you think I
look like her I haven't decided I'm
gonna die let's get into it I guess this
is I love this is the iPhone X it's not
mine it's his say hi I should probably
get one look at this you can't get them
like another four weeks so I'm gonna
have to be a generation behind loser for
now that makes me sad I'm gonna cry no
I'm crying why am i crying I'm crying
okay my eyes are broken
what oh I'm crying because of ugly what
she recognized my face is it I don't
understand how it does this but it does
it and whatever weight you turn it on
does like a little lot fit as you can
see here it is looks I look at it and
then it unlocks what the Frick actual
magic someone called the place and then
you swipe up okay I don't understand
this technology it's too advanced
revenge move mine let's get some
pictures up of some people who look like
me if you haven't subscribe to my
channel with there's a button that I
icon remember what sliders on they keep
changing in it I'm quite interesting I
thought I live a very simple life like
the option is there leave a comment down
below telling me whether you think I
actually look like any of these people
or not because ever since I've started
my channel I have just been harassed
with comments saying I look like various
different people and like boy what I
just look like me if you think I look
like anyone else be sure to let me know
because this is the only video where
that comments saying you look like in
South Audley person it's not going to
bother me so we're gonna save Noah Cyrus
to us because I feel like she looks most
like me I want to leave like the
surprise to the end we're gonna go for
that picture first of young Christina
Aguilera where she looked an awful like
me especially when I have blond hair and
used to wear like weird red lipstick I
look so much like me when I was younger
it's crazy I don't know this is gonna
work
I also don't know like how the
technology works with like pictures of
people and if I am wrong about the
technology which I probably am feel free
to leave a hate comment shoot it does
work with pictures of you that's mad
that's crazy so here is the phone locked
and here is a picture of me on my
Instagram the phone is completely locked
the Frick I didn't think that would work
okay
honestly this is my own personal
entertainment I don't really care if it
works so this is the one that surprises
he looks like me this is the phone and I
mean let's try it yes well that was
anticlimactic okay that didn't work that
didn't work at all
we're gonna try the next person who
everyone always used to say looks like
me so much you know the creepy girl from
American Horror Story names like kasen
yanagiya yes um I get that an awful lot
and to be honest I don't see it that
much
I guess I could kind of see it a little
bit my mom said she looks like me I
don't know
so let's go I guess okay so it's not me
we've established that this is less of a
does the iPhone ex work test and more of
a does care actually looks like these
people test
so maybe the comments will stop next up
we're gonna try this guy that everyone
says looks like me and honestly this is
the only one I can actually see this
handsome little freaking boy don't care
it's wrong way around
you serious that's mad actually were it
was I that's the mad that's crazy oh my
god I always knew that there's a reason
I love Jack so much you know great movie
and give it an 11 out of 10 how's donkey
then hi it but you need to go you need
to go to so do you so I asked you guys
on Twitter what photos of nice iris I
look most like her if you guys gave me
these fastly there's this one and I feel
like facially maybe doesn't recognize
hair color so we're gonna try this one
first
let's go ahead no okay didn't think so
that failed however it was a success
Shrek I look a lot like you I always
knew it I always knew I was part a girl
part something disgusting there's
probably something due to technology
there's probably a reason why that's not
working
feel free to annoy me with the reason I
don't care about in the comments however
I'm just going to ignore that I'm saying
I was right none of these people look
like me just let me be me because I'm
original I am my own person and I'm
beautiful so yeah what cry say and if
you forgot there's a link in the
description where you can go to my
trainee ones button profile and you can
like click on it and you can see where
all of my cloves are from and you can
learn that I only ever wear black and
you can follow me on trying my button so
you can shop all of my looks in just one
click
that's pretty dank and I'm excited about
it too thanks for watching this video
thanks for subscribing to me because I
know you work too if I like you trying
to do it being a YouTube viewer I guess
I don't know I don't know what to say
