it's where something doesn't want me to
do this there is something here
hi it's no secret that I use my
personality and humor to cover up the
things that really bother me on the
inside I never bring my personal life on
to my youtube channel I mean okay I
bring my personal life on to my youtube
channel but I bring the good bits of my
personal life on to the YouTube channel
unless the bad bits are like funny and I
can use them for like a skill so they
can exploit myself to get views but the
actual deep stuff the actual deep stuff
that really bothers me like weighs on my
mind I could actually use to get views I
never do that I never want to train
wreck myself to gain popularity I don't
want to start steak crying on the
kitchen floor every night for some Kyle
let's put it that way it's degrading and
if I'm gonna go somewhere I want to go
somewhere because I have a really great
group of people which I do who like and
support me because they think I have
some kind of talent I don't know what
this thing but but this is a badge
exception if you don't know hi I'm Cara
here's my handshake it's don't we clean
if you don't know my name is Cara and I
have a youtube channel which you're
watching me on right now you should
subscribe to it there's a button right
there do it I Loki really deserve it
right now I'm going for a lot I also
never looked this bad actually that's
the lie I always look pretty bad but
never this bad and if you didn't know I
started out on YouTube by telling
stories about my life exhibit a Exhibit
B yeah humiliating don't look now one of
those stories that I told was a story
that was actually quite deep was scaring
me a lot and made me not want to be in
my own house yeah I still managed to
tell it in such a way to make everyone
think I was completely unbothered a bad
bitch who wasn't scared of no ghosts
well I've come here and for me to dead I
am indeed scared of a ghost fairy I have
a problem with people seeing my
vulnerable side because I know my
weaknesses and they can make use against
me right now I'm vulnerable and I just
don't think there is any way I could
physically sit here in my room film a
video and
this isn't happening I guess I should
get into it I guess I should start
explaining I'm rambling alright so I
made a video about a year ago you can go
and watch if you want if you want a
really detailed in-depth story however
you don't have to I'm a Ronnie for it
right now because if you've seen it
chances are it was a very long time ago
I'll throw you in it's gonna sound
honestly like really stupid
I can't even so this time last year I
convinced myself that there was a ghost
in my room trying to kill me
I still convinced myself that there was
a ghost was there and was just being
there I don't really know what is there
but I don't really know what its aim was
I don't know if it was trying to like
watch me naked I just don't know but I
felt like it was there and I hated it
and there are a number of reasons why I
felt like there was something here I
don't know how to say this all in a way
that it like makes sense and that you're
not gonna think I'm a psychopath because
you already do very much the paranormal
experience started when we got my dog
Sherlock I can't do this he has always
been very weird but he started to do
this thing especially in my room where
he would stare just into the corners of
the room nothing literally nothing it
was just a creepiest thing in the world
like I have videos of it I tried to
write it off as like other things like
maybe he saw a spider but did bitch do I
have 6,000 spiders in my room every
single day the dog came in here probably
not actually probably it's quite filthy
anyway but this really creeped me out I
do this thing where when I have a
problem I run away from it I don't face
it head-on so instead of you know
figuring out what it was like what the
problem was like getting an exorcist to
come while they gave some stage and like
wiggling in the earth i just banned the
dog from coming in my room because if i
don't have if i don't have to see it i
don't have to deal with it like i don't
care do what you want but stay invisible
and quiet do what you want I just don't
want to know about it so then I guess
whatever it was started to look for
other ways to let us know it was there I
had this coat that I wore every single
day it was black it was really nice it's
from Topshop and it was my favorite
however I wore everything Wood and I
used to wear to school every single day
because we could only wear black coats
at school at the time cool and
the southern one day no kidding is cope
when it just disappeared from the
surface of the earth and I thought
that's strange I must have left it at
school I must have left it somewhere I
looked everywhere for this coat it was
nowhere to be seen I live in a really
small house I live in London and I live
in one of the really like built-up areas
will houses the terrorists and they if
you live near a city I'm sure you know
what kind of area it's like suburban but
still in like kind of in the city it's
it's a weird place anyway besides the
point this house is very small and this
was a big coat and there are not many
places it could have been I have a
wardrobe
my mom has a wardrobe closet we
completely emptied both of them out and
she doesn't have many clothes I don't
have many clothes actually in it mine's
mainly just coats we emptied it out we
looked through head so cuz I need the
disco for school because it was like a
cold time of the year and it's the only
one that I could have it was nowhere I
promise it wasn't just misplaced because
it was nowhere to be seen you get the
point
so then go and splash some cash on
another black coat and I have quite
expensive taste so it was nice it was an
expensive black coat I kid you not
two days after I bought that new coat I
went into my mom's wardrobe and there it
was hanging at the front just like that
the black coat that went missing just in
plain sight there is just no way that we
could have looked over that so we both
got this like weird feeling at the same
time we for fam there's two of us in
this house
and a dog there are two places that this
coat could have been we raided them it
wasn't there and now it's there like
hanging in plain sight not even hidden
right there like someone would have had
to physically to make it be there and we
got freaked out being number two me and
my mom had this thing that goes on in
our house that we'll be walking along
you'll be holding something and you drop
it on the floor I drop things a lot I'm
very incompetent and then I'll go to
look at the floor for it and it's just
not there anymore and then in like two
weeks time it would just be sitting
somewhere like in plain sight like that
and I'll ask my mom like hey did you
clean my room like did you put that
there and she like oh no I didn't see
that I didn't do that who did it then
bitch because last time I remember my
dogs are allowed in my
because of the ghost my dog doesn't have
hands even if he was allowed in the room
he doesn't have fingers okay and then
he's gonna grow some fingers out of his
body he doesn't have fingers to conduct
that task okay now so the final straw
was the lamb basically there was this
lamb there is if that but it's not in my
room anymore because I've decided I
don't want any anymore get out this is a
new addition to the story this lap was
like a Tiffany lamp but a really old one
so like hella expensive and like hella
old and like Hello haunted I used to
live in my grandparents house before
they died and then when they died my mom
took some of their furniture like nice
and stuff and she thought she'd take two
of these lamp
one of them's like a really long wool
length one that lives in the living room
downstairs and the other one's like a
little mini lamp like this big and it
lives there right there and it lived
there and it lived there and it lived in
it all the time that this was in my room
I couldn't sleep I just felt like
something was there and you know if you
ever like been with your friends you're
like having a sleepover or whatever or
something really cringe you want to go
to sleep but no one else wants to go to
sleep they just stare it's like weird
you out so you can't sleep and it like
works that's how I felt every single
night for like weeks and I couldn't put
it down to anything apart from this lamp
something was drawing me to this lamp I
don't know what it was that was just a
really bad vibe in that corner of the
room and I didn't want to go over there
I don't know if it's just my mind
playing tricks on me like dumb white
bitch camera like making things up it's
just one of those things you have to
experience like if I was watching this
story from the viewers perspective I
would think what a dumb bitch like shut
up like you're being extra it's just one
of those things you have to like
experience I refused to have the lamp in
my room anymore I just slept in darkness
it went out it went into my mother's
room and she kind of says that she gets
a similar vibe from it but like not a
bad one whereas I it wasn't like bad it
was just like something was there and it
was really bothering me and I'm scared
of everything so it scared me a lot and
then finally everything out like okay
again like I could sleep at night not
that I ever did because though I mean
the lab still in the house
and it started again and I thought I'd
forget cut to some clips of me being
scared it's currently pasta don't work
I'm trying to be serious for once okay
of course the cameras all focusing of
course it's where something doesn't want
me to do this but I mean why have a
traumatic experience if you can't click
beta take so it's currently 5 or 7 in
the morning and unlike a regular like
summer of stay awake till 6 a.m. 7 a.m.
sometimes I just won't sleep the whole
night
I find it's so easy just like stay awake
all night I really wanted to do my sleep
schedule this next level messed up but
it's a regular weekday in the middle of
November and is something stopping me
from sleeping and I remember this
feeling and I remember feeling this
feeling this I'm last year I had this
experience I did terribly maybe it was a
thinking maybe I'm a pussy people
definitely
mercy and I'm not too good to like
expressed my emotions but boy I'm
terrified
there is something here ok I'll keep you
updated I guess and I hate that you guys
you know I've chance of being murdered
if I leave my house if in southeast
London forward cigarette stabbed
I hate that's an exaggeration I have no
option bitches so you sit here and deal
with it right now but maybe it's just my
mind playing tricks on me maybe I'm
really going insane or something like
that I don't know then again I'm scared
of everything
oh ok update on the situation me and my
mom just had a deep talk about this and
we don't talk deep very
often okay let me give you some
backstory so my mom is very religious
her side of the family is like very
religious my family come from Ireland
and so they're all like Roman Catholic
really like strict and pretty sure I
have some monks in my family or
something and like believe it or not so
am i I definitely believe in God I
believe that there's it's not just us
because there were just some things you
can't explain it's always nicer being
something for me for anyone to turn to
when you feel like you have absolutely
nothing and I have felt like that so
many points in my life having a little
bit of faith in something a little bit
of faith in the fact that there is
something else like watching over me
like helping me has given me strength to
like carry on like it's um like hardest
points in my life knowing like how I was
suicide away because I've never felt
that way but in like it's just nice to
have something like you know I'm the
girl that's always getting her tits out
you don't believe in God leggett it's
always out Carol I keep basically they
show when your vagina or if you don't
need something no Jesus made me this way
anyway I digress most people who are of
faith of religion anyone generally and
I'm not speaking for everyone but
generally believe in an afterlife in a
this is where your loved ones go
sometimes they'll come back and watch
over and when I used to be scared about
this ghost my mom always used to say to
me like Kiera you should be more scared
of the living than the debt because she
has a point if they rapists murderers
like sex traffickers like drug dealers
you know I mean like scary people
Teletubbies that's terrifying I don't
have any relatives who I think would
want to come back and you know like
possess me touchwood but because of that
whole like religious background she's
always been really open and didn't
dismiss it when I felt like I was having
some kind of paranormal experience and
when I linked it back to lamp and I
linked it back to my grandparents house
and like how they were in my
grandparents house but I was so confused
because I always thought maybe you like
my grandparents like in the lamp and
then we had that conversation about it
and I talked her about it again like who
talked to about it this time last year
and I made that story but then we spoke
about it again today because I wanted to
make this video and she said to me yeah
I never told you this as a kid because I
never wanted to scare
you your grandparents house was like
incredibly haunted and everyone knew
that I feel like what the hell I lived
there for like many years of my life
amongst just just amongst Satan yeah
okay and she was like no no it was never
bad she said my granddad saw like
someone's mom in a reflection of a
mirror and when my actual mother was
younger she was laying bed and one night
she frozen she couldn't move and the
curtains open by themselves like and
they like knocks at the door yeah that
house had history of being weird so to
me that made sense obviously that
happened before lamps situations if the
lamp is from their house like even two
together you got a ghost bitch
so does that make sense I know by my
much my dog still sees things and it's
not bad I just hate it and my mom knows
what I mean but she doesn't hate it like
I do I'm scared of everything come on
but I need a break from this feeling I
need to get out I've booked a train
ticket to go somewhere more far away on
the other side of the country this is
really dramatic but I'm gonna keep you
updated on the situation follow me on my
cross national adventure to get away
from the thing that may or may not be
haunting an inanimate object in my house
and my dog can smell sounds awful when
you say it like that but I need to get
out scribe stay tuned for tomorrow
he's currently 852 take my word for it I
have to leave 25 minutes be here society
out my mom still doesn't know so this is
gonna be interesting
