whoa hi what's up was hanging what's
good
you may notice camera this isn't your
regular setups actual bedroom yeah no
it's just another bedroom in my house
which is like might be more attractive
than mine so I came to film in here
today because I didn't want to clean
dinner have permission no its owner of
the room I'm going to be okay with this
probably not you know what that's fine
because since wipe did the law reply to
youtubers since never I hope everything
is like you know cool and stuff yeah
today I I wanted to say here and I
wanted to talk to you because I feel
like I haven't done that in a really
long time because recently I've just
kind of been everywhere I've actually
been leaving my house and I'm still not
sure how I feel about that it's
something I thought I'd never do but
sometimes it's good to go outside of
your comfort zone and my comfort zone
very small so mere social interaction is
something quite new to me I'm having
encounters of people like face to face
and that is strange because I need to
just have any friends on the Internet
who lives 6,000 miles away yeah it's all
very exciting and very weird but I like
keep you updated how I feel about that I
guess I miss talking to you what am I
even saying I've always said I wanted my
channel to kind of be like a 2013 fur
back old YouTube in a way it's just like
a real person in front of a camera
instead of like Jay Paul there are
literally a lot of many of you here now
and that is something like I never
thought would happen I never thought I'd
have like more than ten subscribers like
when I started my channel I didn't
expect anything come from it and there
are two hundred thousand of you right
now and we are like duo pop in very
heavily so you know that subscribe
button if you haven't already boy join
the Bridget spinners there is only a
couple of days left on the limited
edition this is my favorite thing in the
whole world and so you know what by it
day shoutout goes to this person they
seem to be the first person to have
coordinate which is mad you got my
forehead is mad when you ask it's good
give me a head home so I asked you guys
for questions on Twitter and yeah Wow
Q&A how original but I wouldn't really
say
is a Q&A at least is amorphous I just
want to talk to you and I want to talk
about what you want me to look about I'm
gonna do that right now someone asks me
have you ever had a job other than
YouTube no no which kind of scares me
because YouTube is going quite well for
me right now so if this does become like
my permanent job I would have never had
any experience in the real world which
is quite mad but also imagine me like
doing customer service like imagine me
trying to interact with other people and
provide like a professional service
that's just not gonna happen I feel like
this is great for me so please subscribe
I don't know I just can't see myself
doing something where other people rely
on me to make sure their company doesn't
cripple imagine me in a suit that's
enough
also YouTube had quite a stir when the
subject is that what was your dream job
when you were a child this is mad you
got my forehead is mad when you ask when
I was really young I remember wanting to
be an astronaut and I had this friend
and we had she had like this mattress
that she kept under her bed and I used
to think like if we cut holes in this
mattress and put batteries in it it will
transform into a levitating flying
spaceship and we can take it to space
funnily enough in recent years I have
learned that science doesn't work like
that yes I was stupid and then I wanted
to be a singer because I thought I could
sing but then I watched videos of me
singing when I was young I thought holy
balls
you should have locked me up I'm sure if
I looked at my mum search history in
2008 it would have been like can I get
an abortion if the child say isn't got
that stuck that she doesn't watch my
videos what would you be doing if it
wasn't YouTube probably being very
confused about my life this is the first
time in forever I've actually really
wanted something been really passionate
about something I've always been like
hella passionate about YouTube but I
just never had enough faith in myself
apart when I was 11 I started that weird
little Channel I don't know it makes me
a warm inside and stuff I still don't
think I'm good I just like making things
I like making people laugh if it made
you laugh then you're welcome I guess
it makes me all like I don't like
talking about emotions because I'm like
I'm just like a rock there's not much to
me the one thing that always gets me
makes me really happy every single time
is when someone messages
and says oh there's something like bad
going on their life wait that sounds
terrible it doesn't make me happy when
you have bad things going on it or like
oh my God thank you my cousin just died
aha that makes me laugh shut up you know
what I mean when people there's
something bad going on there like bye
watch your video today and it kind of
lifted me up like made me happy it was
like an escape for a little while
because that was me so many years I find
it strange that I can be that person for
someone that so many youtubers well for
me I think it's just cool you can like
see a real person like living there like
it just being slightly cooler than
everyone else's do you miss trash this
is a great one
it's corks for the Klout points I think
you'll be very pleasantly surprised to
know or not pleasantly know it's not the
cloud points at all and that makes me
quite happy moving on
have you ever been for an emo phase
pretty sure I'm still going through one
I mean I have a youtube channel pretty
sure everyone who has a YouTube channel
is going through the emo phase I used to
listen tight hella emo music and I used
to be kind of Eman you want a haircut a
memory no choice but recently it's like
this I think like different kind of
music I've realized why so I used to
listen it's like Hanukkah disco
bullet-point twenty one pilots all of
those like headband their lyrics a lot
of their songs were like kind of
depressing and it was all about being
like an outcast and like no one liking
you and having no friends or needing get
friends I still really love that because
I still kind of relate now I listen to a
lot of songs about they perceive not
neat bitches because that's what my life
is about right now just kidding but like
that's what I want my life to be like
right now I don't want to be an outcast
anymore as relatable as it made me seem
on the internet it made me quite
depressed who is your favorite youtuber
um me just kidding I suck you know I've
always fought this like I've been
wondering like forever that if I wasn't
me and I was watching YouTube would I
subscribe to me I don't know are you
ever going to dye your hair again my
hair has been through some really
strange phases and I never really wanted
to be the kind of person who likes which
is not their hair all of the time but I
can them like I have commitment issues
like I can't commit to something for a
very long time and if you've watched my
channel for a really long time you'll
know that I've always hated my natural
hair color which to be honest is
not much different from this hair color
but I've always felt like my natural
hair color was like kind of green so I
dyed it blonde and I really like that
for a while but it's so hard to keep up
with oh my gosh look at these horrific
pictures of what my roots started to
grow out yeah I wanted to kill me too so
then I gave up and I dyed it brown again
which this is even harder to keep up
because my hair keeps growing on my
roots keep being lighter than the rest
of my hair and then my hair just keeps
looking ugly and it's just it's really
sad but I'm quite content right now but
I probably gonna diet like blue or
something I don't know next week what do
you think has been your best adventure
so far on YouTube because of YouTube
I've met so many people been to like a
lot of places that I didn't think that I
would go to not like thought I'd never
be able to go to them but just places
that never even thought wow I really
want to go there and then I've gone that
and now I've been so pleasantly
surprised the best adventure this is
gonna sound so deep put it up like me
was literally probably just finding
myself because of YouTube I've realized
I've been through like so much with so
many different people and things have
ended things have started like it's kind
of mad and I don't know I'm really sorry
I find myself sound so weird yeah do you
like Heth no oh you bitch like I'm half
returner
I take ten percent like I read for her
no faking my tips but I'll check hers
you're bitching me brain like are neck
hurt yes when can we buy you much you
can buy a head teespring calm slash shop
slash Kyra - Bridget oh my god I left my
url that's my this is only gonna be
available for a couple more days so you
can go and buy it I'm seeing pictures of
you guys and your order confirmation
already and it's absolutely crazy it's
absolutely just oh this is my favorite
of everyone in the whole world it's just
so weird to me that people want
something that I did and it just makes
me all on the inside that's so strange
I'm having feelings about other people
that are not negative oh my gosh I'm
turning into such a freak I need to end
this video before it gets even weirder
find me on all my social medias I don't
really have a reason why you should do
that so just do it okay yeah okay bye
