hi-yah what's up dogs house agony nerd
what's coochie you know not that much
you want to see well I answer my own
question like someone cares like someone
actually asked a bit of a weird video
today it's not that weird it's kind of
weird I made a video like this a couple
of weeks ago it backfired
so hopefully this one doesn't backfire
too because it would be kind of bad if
this one backfired because that means I
would have no male specimen left in my
life and that's kind of validating me as
a person right now it's kind of like
convincing me that I'm not that
unbearable if you two don't find me
unbearable you know what you can do you
can hit that subscribe button down below
to subscribe to this channel in which
you're watching me on right now that
would be good you don't have to but
please thanks and you can also like this
video if you liked it if you did ok
sorry
no but I actually do it ok cool um yeah
I'm gonna not being or couldn't start
the video again cool so apparently boys
like me
no they don't that's a lie I just got
lucky one time kind of sort of not
really there was this male I mean there
is his male but there was this male
because this is past 10 and we were like
yo let's go and get some food that's
what we do we chill and get food and
only hold hands occasionally like on
rare occasions it's a really special you
know I mean on this particular occasion
I was like yo Sam let's log it because
the dog life it's the life I I can block
this this will be a lot of fun however
it didn't go great I'll give myself that
I won't give myself that that's nothing
to be proud of yeah oh god I'm so
unbearable and I've been forever alone
if you started so the first clip I'm
about to show you of the day you can see
how I'm very naive and full of life
because I have no idea what's about to
come it's about to be really terrible
and I have no idea that it's about to be
terrible so you know laugh at me please
hi what's up
so HP today you know
I didn't want to go out with you anyway
I'm sorry on day you know I'm going
outside into the wilderness and I'm
going outside into the wilderness with a
boy Wow a boy likes Kyra and I don't
even think you really like him unless
you like me no didn't think so today I
thought I'd talk something really
inappropriate I'd be really invasive
impose on my own privacy exploit the
people around me and what are my
blogging today I'm vlogging day yeah we
are so where are we going where are you
taking out some ways actually a secret
if someone really called up all I
thought into I want to be romantic on it
too you know someone I relationship so
far so it's gonna be good yeah that's
all I saw you go yeah sounds good
I'm really excited have low standards
then you can't get disappointed okay
goodbye her back
what's up I mean wait hold on go intro I
guess pre average but his next point
things have started to go wrong already
and we hadn't even left the
establishment meaning the room low-key
cringe
try not to cringe challenge part a
hundred I'm just gonna play it for you
because yeah I don't want to watch it
really back myself or explain it just
watch it okay cool hey what's up fam
how's it hangin
so we're about to leave to go on our
date um so you know the next step of the
outing date thing with new boys is well
fam how we gonna get there like are we
gonna get like how did you get to
actually sing Sheffield is that way do
you do you did you have transformer
giulio by Matt no I thought you will
travel by horseback no we don't total by
horseback
you don't you travel by the same way
that people travel in London that's
something new every day
can we have Travis who you know have
trams pavement training saving face Wow
so how are we gonna get out I just
thought as soon as you know
yeah when you've came all this way I
thought I may be trying to say it was a
bit of money because the date will be
expensive so I just thought instead of
paying for a taxi or you know a horse or
a magic carpet I just thought you stroll
together I just thought when one could
take us yeah she's got a cool car is
that cool yeah try not scrunch too hard
that was pretty cringe I was cringing
too but I didn't say anything about X
I'm a nice kind person
so next you know we get in the car yeah
it wasn't that bad I mean it was pretty
good you know nice car whatever a good
conversation - I'd say I'd give it a
solid four up ten and as the car is from
booming along on the street on the road
just friction yeah I thought let's whip
out my camera and start blogging and I
said I got my camera for actually wait
no this is risky you could and the vlog
folk all kind of disrupted because I
don't know if you've ever watched one of
my videos before I don't even know if
you've ever watched the previous of this
video up until now before but you may
have gathered that I'm a pretty awkward
person like I find it really hard to get
a sentence out I just started just sent
on Mike what's wrong with me imagine how
hard I find it to talk to an inanimate
object filming me in front of of human
being yeah I find it pretty hard I'm
struggling right now I can't even film a
video and my dog's in the room I have a
problem yeah this was kind of awkward I
didn't really think about what I was
doing so enjoy this clip of me doing
nothing apart from being really
incompetent I'll add some subtitles
council yeah that was weird wasn't it
okay so this is a point where it kept
getting worse and just when you thought
it couldn't get any worse it got worse
you know I was kind of hungry I hadn't
eaten all day I was outside I was you
know busy like starving myself so I can
look pretty for boys and such however I
saw Nando's and if you're not from the
city of England you wouldn't know what
Nando's is most likely but it's a really
great place that makes really very
average chicken I like it more than most
people they do great halloumi I saw it
and I thought boy we have to go there
and I was like fam we have to go there
we have to go to Nando's it wasn't too
happy about that didn't like that very
much and it hurt my feelings just it
really did yeah so Terry I'm in the city
of Sheffield and there's not a city it's
a towel okay so I really really want and
those yka members above everyone knows
that yep well why commander Stern
cause it's hot baby intimate yes
so we ended up going to a different
restaurant and that was fine it was a
really nice restaurant I liked it a lot
hahahaha and even if it wasn't the food
I wanted because I did four different
food to that food but that's besides the
point
you know at least I'd have to have a
great time with a person I like I enjoy
it can stand a lot at least we'd be able
to have really great conversation talk
about really great things you know
essentially just have a business meeting
over dinner it would be fine we talk
maybe talk about our feelings or
something people have feelings are the
most 20:17 broke out whether this went
wrong too
this is just an exposing video isn't it
yeah you know it's not where I want to
go I kind of wanted to go to Nando's by
guess this is dinner you know I like
back apartment I'll see the bright side
in it yeah how are you feeling about it
okay my stalk and they say youtubers on
anti-social
I love being on a date with myself I
love me so finally the person in which I
was eating food with not socializing
we've decided to be social and honestly
I wasn't too angry about that because
I'm pretty antisocial person myself even
when I don't have my phone to distract
myself with I just generally don't like
talking to humans the human race isn't
my favorite race I like dogs that's a
great race anyway I'm digressing I
thought I'd go out of my comfort zone
and try and make conversation instead I
threw up just watch it so what do you
think most youtubers have a kind of
appreciation for good cinematics most of
us like to watch some good high-quality
dogs running along a beach people
getting stabbed in Soma I mean what I
thought yo why don't I try and get some
cinematics in this restaurant again kind
of out of my comfort zone because my
whole thing is just on professionalism
and that's a little bit too professional
I don't know but yeah I tried my hardest
like a thanks
hello ferments when you try best but you
don't succeed you know the worst thing
in the world when you're out with
someone and they insist on ordering all
of the food yeah that happened ate spicy
food the food was quite spicy so there
you go I really look squared fighting
hate spicy food and for some reason
Morgan decided order chili squid for us
I want to die
it's so good that it's so bad you know
the thing I hate second most in the
whole entire world ketchup I know the
thing I hate the most in the entire
world inconsiderate people well okay so
in what moment basically they bring your
food out as it's good it's not everyone
gets their food at the same time just
hung Morgan's out and it looks really
good doesn't it yeah don't be like with
you too living yours okay
I'm gonna be very long the most Awkward
interaction in a hole of the universe
proceeded to happen I didn't like it I
didn't like it's too I didn't ask for my
brain to be abused like this all my bank
account actually click if you add to
subscribe and refresh this page a few
times ok so I can't afford to go on bad
day it's cool so I get this coming to
them so just pull the bill which means
they have to give them money for
mediocre food how do you feel about that
yeah
didn't ask me to say Halen so we just
but you know much to my really turns out
that was all the fat prank
I love being pranked no I make a small
nervous dog I think I should like Pops
and sounds of something I don't know so
I guess that was fine um my awkwardness
came out and I kind of didn't want to
block the waitress she seemed like the
kind of person that didn't really want
to be blog that day guess who ended up
paying for a half not me hashtag winning
I deserved that honestly less beer oh
this was a terrible day and then we left
praise Jesus we fought yo fam I'm in
foreign territory let's go explore let's
see what the crazy shops have to offer
in this part of the land turns out not
much next part of our day shopping and
you taking me to this you know a great
place dinner Sheffield and would you
like to show them me going into some
shops you of course of course
I'd be great so this is so great
it's the working for the yo so fam that
was kind of anticlimactic I didn't like
it after that we went and watched a film
we went and watched our film and I'm
kind of pussy so I didn't love that it
was really good though I give it a 2 out
of a lot of numbers yeah it's a happy
birthday to me I got to go out somewhere
really terrible I feel bad
come in the video can I just say guys
she made me do everything for this video
I'm a nice person I we just got back
from a very nice day didn't we yeah went
to a steak house and it came to 90 pound
the bill so it was nice okay nothing it
would be like this video subscribe and
maybe a boy will like you in return for
you subscribe inning because you know I
subscribe to myself not that many boys
like me but like one does I think maybe
I don't know so maybe it was worth it
give this video a thumbs up if you
thought it was worth giving a thumbs up
and if you didn't do it anyway because I
told you to and I'm on this side of the
camera so I automatically have more 40
I'm special if you didn't know this
weird little channel this corner of the
internet there's 200,000 and probably
some more of you right now and that's
pretty crazy
in celebration some crazy dank merch is
coming your way so save your coins
people for Sunday anti-climatic it will
be dropping right then and you can buy
it for a limited time because it is
limited edition to join Bridget's spin a
clan or I don't know what you want to
call yourself honestly call yourself
whatever you want and what about to have
Sumer identity in conclusion I'd rather
go on a date with a dog
this was okay I love me bye hmm they
offer service good for something
you
