oh hey didn't see you there
sorry I was too busy looking immaculate
and being inconspicuous of free am alone
it's currently free a.m. otherwise known
as the witching hour conspiracy
theorists are normal experts and general
clever people have inquired about this
particular hour for centuries they say
it's an hour when the gates between
natural and supernatural worlds it's
finished
so devil demons and your dead man
can phase into reality at ease however
even after centuries of research there
is one group of people who know the most
about this hour who have the most in
definite proof that there is
supernatural among us and that ladies
and gentlemen is the youtuber
who definitely doesn't do fake videos
who is genuinely just recording
themselves to Freya not for views or
money or anything just because they are
so interested in science hi hi what the
hell was that so there's this trend
that's been kind of floating around
YouTube's and last year it's really
weird it's kind of awful and I kind of
hate it but also it's funny to love for
stupid people so yeah and that's the
free a.m. trend I never really bought
into it or watched any of the videos
because I just thought wow this is
ridiculous people watch this Wow okay
but today I'm gonna buy into it even
though it's a little bit late and I kind
of miss a deadline to get views on this
video but whatever last night I recorded
myself at free a.m. actually it was more
like 5:00 a.m. but I guess lying about
the time gets me more into the spirit of
these videos you know what I mean
because that's what everyone else does
well honestly I was slightly surprised
and I think you will be too
Loki creepiest thing I've ever done in
my whole life and I've done a lot of
creepy stuff wait no I haven't I'm such
a pussy but before I get into it I want
to see what I'm getting into so I'm
gonna go and react to a bunch of free em
videos and assess whether the
competition is Chacon or if you haven't
subscribe to my channel maybe what I
can't deal with shouting if you haven't
subscribed to my channel you can hit
that button down below and you can
subscribe to me not sure why you'd want
to do that I really I haven't given you
the best first impression at all bit
like if I promise you like ten years
good luck all that your crush will kiss
you tomorrow then do it yeah give this
video thumbs up because apparently
that's does good things this week's
special shout-out goes to this person
for commenting something probably kind
of mean leave a comment down below and
maybe you can be next video is special
shelter great I hope you're having a
dank day I couldn't care less but yeah
let's get into the video okay so I have
YouTube up here as usual when do I have
anything else on my laptop let's react
to Ruby rube
this is some real penny wise that parody
years
nah I'll pass funnily enough I don't
want to watch that okay that's enough
YouTube instead let's react to the video
I filmed with myself last night probably
not free am honestly it's crazy okay
let's go
ahh look at me sitting down on my bed
wow that looks really exciting wow what
scandalous things like it up shit free
I'm alone in my bedroom Wow
eating cereal great when am I not eating
something No
oh my god is that slender Matt no it's
not it's just a shadow wait oh my god is
Slenderman Wow
Kira watch out it send a man crazy oh my
god WoW is that ghost oh no oh no oh no
oh no oh wait got kind of boring I've no
his rooby Roo boy I'm sure great now
what is Ruby room doing in my bedroom at
four am someone get her out of here
wow I am incredibly shook if right to my
core
oh my what emoji Jesus that is
disgusting someone turn the camera off
oh my I can't believe I would fill
myself up for him and expose what
happens in France so all of the internet
wow this is some scandalous stuff right
here I don't even know if I can post
this on youtube oh my gosh
it's this video gonna get t monetized oh
my god
it's Jake Paul one for your freaking
life that was funny that's enough of
that I don't know what compelled me to
make this video it was probably a really
bad idea
whatever I guess I have fun watching it
you probably did them you probably had
very little fun watching this and me oh
god I so everyone hates me so yeah I
kind of filmed myself that kind of free
I'm and that's kind of what happened but
not really Wow yeah I guess subscribe or
something like that I don't know watch
some of my other videos I guess they're
probably on the screen somewhere at some
point I don't know goodbye
that was awful
you
