hi what's up this is probably 69th time
I've tried to sit down and film this
video every time I press or hold on the
camera I just can't get the words out
it's just really hard for me to say it
is not something I wanted to about sorry
hold on okay being ready hi what's up
what's Q Chi in the hood how's it
hanging I don't think I've ever made a
serious YouTube video in the whole of my
life this is necessary this is something
I really want to talk about because I
feel like not only do I need to get off
my chest but I just want to help other
people it's just it's just been weighing
on me recently and I just I just really
need to get out there to someone about
it
this is everything to me
and if there's anyone I trust not
talking about something suppose that
stupid is you
so I guess before I get started if that
intro is deep enough to touch your heart
enough to make sure you give this video
a thumbs ups for ten years of good luck
hit that subscribe button I don't my
notifications buy my merch and maybe
just maybe if we work together we can
feed the kids in Africa thank you I'm
really sorry if that intro actually made
you feel like I had feelings however
that doesn't take away from the fact
this video has the message it is
actually quite very serious I'm just not
very good at handling serious situations
if someone else was to make a video like
this they'd probably sit down like stop
crying like make some tea you know like
kill themselves like there is no not me
I'm gonna talk about it in a humorous
way because I use comedy to cover up my
insecurities so without further ado I'm
actually gonna go and make myself a warm
beverage because seriously I cannot stop
coughing I'm gonna come back looking
more dramatic and we're gonna get into
the video beverage at hand gets
literally just hot water in a cup
because I don't know how to make
anything else okay where do I get
started
I guess more and more will be revealed
as this video progresses it's gonna be
quite a long one so grab a cup of hot
water and sit back relax and subscribe
so a couple of weeks ago I was having a
little bit of a midlife existential
crisis I recently started to take
YouTube in my channel like really really
seriously and like actually enjoying it
rather than just doing it as a hobby I
kind of looked around and saw the people
around me had been like working at their
channels for years and years and years
all of a sudden tell them groan and for
it to finally work out to them after
them working at it for a really long
amount of time for me if you go back on
my channel and look I don't really have
a long period of time before I started
to get views and for aside to get
recognition everything happened pretty
fast there was like a two three month
period of me making videos in my bedroom
with a broken leg just for fun as a
hobby
until someone noticed me gave me a
chance gave me a platform to grow that
was like tallow of the whole trash
situation so yeah I don't know if there
was just me overthinking things because
I overthink absolutely everything or
people were actually being a little bit
condescending towards me thinking that I
was like in it for the wrong reasons
like sure like money fame and the exotic
lifestyle that's a lot of fun however I
genuinely like what I'm doing otherwise
I would be napping right now because I
don't know do you wanna see the inside
of my throat oh it's awful I should see
a doctor
Wow I don't know I kind of let it bother
me I kind of let people's opinions of me
bother me I even began to like question
myself but then I remembered wait no I
am literally like everyone else
I have loved YouTube and like making
videos and watching videos and always
wanted to be a youtuber ever since I was
like young very aspirational Keira I
liked it before it was cool like I'm
such a hipster but I liked it back when
you would get like made fun of for
watching YouTube you know I mean before
it was like oh Jay Paul's my dad have my
babies get at me Danny yeah I liked it
before you could wear much in public and
it not be weird and when I was around 11
I was in year 7 at school I decided hey
let's make a youtube channel my mom told
me Karen oh that's a bad idea you can't
do that and you know what I did it
anyway because I have had an over active
confidence in myself ever since I was
young and I always thought I can do that
bitch when I really couldn't I was like
really young and the videos are like
really embarrassing I made a video
reacting to them about a week ago to
kind of prove my point that fam I've
been at this for a long time and as much
as I'd love to say you know I regret
making that channel with sort of cringe
it's so embarrassing and most of the
videos are gone
I really don't sorry got a pop another
Suva don't let me just take in massan's
medicare bridge expose those drugs on
camera so this is kind of like preface
backstory to the actual story that it
gets kind of yeah so the videos of me
being stupid in my room they're still up
on my like second channel cuz I thought
I was a professional blogger with my ten
subscribers but they're too knowledge
had one literally every single video on
it has been deleted and this was back in
OT YouTube days where there was video
responses and you could like inbox peep
on YouTube it was weird it was some
dinosaur days and I had like a very
interactive relationship with my few
subscribers by the way if you're
wondering what this is I don't know
either I was like properly in love with
that channel it was weird
I literally disregarded as I have done
my whole entire life don't talk to
strangers on the internet I talk to
strangers on the Internet in the corner
of my room on a literally daily basis
where I was literally like 10 and
looking back I feel so weird about that
now I was so naive about the world and I
guess I still AM I don't really know how
to do anything I can't turn on the oven
on I've never used an iron in my life I
don't even know whether unbuttoned on
the washing machine is like it's a
problem I am very bad at public
transport I don't really know how to get
from A to B very clearest about the
world seven years on so yeah I talked to
sexual purchases on the internet most
likely actually yeah I did that's the
whole point in the story keep listening
I love this channel I was really naive
about the world you so talk to where
people on the internet all day used to
make like interactive videos it was
weird it was a weird period of my life
but I kind of like it but now looking
back become like moving on to the actual
serious kind of part like I knew I was
stupid but I didn't realize I was that
stupid also the whole reason I had a
YouTube channel was because I was like a
recluse I have no friends don't really
liked me like I was just into what I
like so I didn't go out much ever so I
never really saw any of the bad parts in
the world and one like you'd be at
school like someone would give you a
talk like this is bad don't do it you
hadn't disregard it like now that's not
gonna happen to me it does literally
nothing has changed between then and now
I just want to make funny videos on the
internet and make people laugh and like
be my own director and sometimes I don't
think about what I'm doing and that
causes me to do bad things I don't
really let anything get in the way of me
I'm like what I want so if I have to
like break some rules and do bad stuff
then whatever take me out of school not
like that hasn't already almost happened
so yeah it goes into our wall so one day
in my little like youtube inbox I get a
message from someone and I feel like the
name was something like Glee superstar
or something like that I would remember
when you could make there's like that
word out and it would be like music in
the back
and you collect changes of filters these
like dance to it was they be take music
clear in 2010 so it was a message from a
channel from this go I'm assuming it
definitely wasn't the girl cotton who
had like one of these videos uploaded on
her channel she messaged me and was like
hey whatever
it's my little youtube inbox and we've
message back and forth a little bit you
know like how are you what's it like on
your BTech YouTube channel like oh it's
okay like might be tech YouTube channels
looking okay it got kind of personal
like this girl would start asking for
specific like video requests and I was
just kind of like you know what she's
probably just my first fan i'ma give her
what she wants if you have seen any of
those videos in my reacting to those
videos the video it was like so young
like crying Peter fall age not that I
don't think anyone would want me but
like yeah moving on and I remember one
day I got a message from her and the
message was long lines if I'm doing a
school project to see how many people
are ticklish on the bottom of their feet
and I thought as a word school project
what kind of subject requires that I
didn't think like that at the time I
just thought okay okay that's cool
that's no more that's really gonna
enrich your education isn't it and she
was like since you know you're like your
professional youtuber and you have like
your camera and stuff I wanted to see if
I could use you as part of my school
product to see if you are ticklish on
the bottom of your feet I was thinking
okay this is cool this is like you know
my first subscriber request I love my
fans I'll do what they want and then
it's like so could you send me a video
of you tickling the bottom of your feet
to see if you are ticklish and like send
me a video of it I was kind of a bit
weirded out I guess okay looking back in
hindsight part of her school project was
to message random young girls on the
internet and get them to send videos of
them tickling the bottom of their feet
no way Jose no vaguely Superstar forever
EXO or whatever the hell your name was
you're a fake you are fake news you are
bad
I don't know why do you think about it
like this at the time guess I was just
an invalid still kind of out but you
know I love my subscribers always have
always will
so I did it I showed her
take video of me like going so look
here's me like take me maybe I'm every
crate at for you old up okay so here's
my video of me like tickling the bottom
of my feet cuz you know that's what you
want to have okay so look no I don't
really think I am okay
why I sent it and then I didn't hear
back from her until about a week late
when I had another message I remember
this so specifically but a storyline had
changed and I don't know why I didn't
like put two and two together and think
oh this isn't real I know I'm stupid but
I can't have been that stupid even
though I just like wanted to believe
that someone out there and the world
liked me and her story had changed too
basically your video was it good enough
but then instead of talking about the
school project she was talking about how
she has a sister who like cringes at the
thought of people tickling Neffe that I
should send her a video of me tickling
above my feet again she was gonna like
use it and send it to her sister and
like watch a sister's reaction stuff
because apparently her sister watches my
videos alright that's not a real thing
come on I did it I did it once more and
apparently that wasn't good enough
what's changed nothing I do is ever good
enough she crawls back into my DMS my
youtube inbox
um so could you change the angle up a
little bit like could you put it like
your camera like at the bottom of your
bed like sit on your bed put your feet
up in front of the camera like so you
can see your whole legs and your whole
body and gets a hairbrush and tickle the
bottom of your feet oh I feel weird even
talking about this and by this point I
was kind of done like I love my
subscribers but not that much especially
since you hadn't bought any of my merch
which is right here that you can buy you
can click link description or you can
wait for me to hear 200k so you can
click a subscribe button and you buy so
now this merch look here's a sneak peek
yeah that's kind of like okay this is a
bit March I did it anyway and of course
I did I mean I never heard from Glee
superstar forever love EXO one two three
four five six nine ever again and I only
recently registered in my brain like yo
that's the sexual predator beautiful
with a foot fetish come on Kyra you dumb
bitch this molester I must have been
sitting back it is a little pitiful done
there's a little two-inch pitiful penis
like man this girl she's
stupid summer girls I feel repulsed
- everyone makes mistakes it was only my
feet so you know here's my foot I have
like nearly 200,000 subscribers now as
opposed to 10 so any five of you must
have a creepy foot fetish have fun
have a field day with that I can't wait
see me on foot born hub I've never had a
pedicure so yeah and I guess in a way is
kind of serious because that is a prime
example of what people warn you about
like predators taking advantage of young
kids on the internet someone should have
been watching me actually know someone
was watching me I was just very good at
hiding what I was doing unlike now where
everyone and anyone knows I have a
YouTube channel and stalks me
religiously like they have nothing
better to do of their life whatever the
fun doesn't stop there I have a bunch of
really weird horrible disturbing stories
of how Cara was unsafe on the internet
as a child if you want to see them give
this video a thumbs up let's see if we
can hit 10,000 thumbs up and if we can
do that then I guess I'll do a part to
make sure you subscribe to my channel
we're so close to 200 thousand
subscribers that is such a peasant
number don't worry it's gonna be 200
million soon pewdiepie is next I don't
have much to offer but subscribe anyway
later door for about 10 years I still
don't have an outro goodbye oh you
thought you were done no I have plenty
of other videos you can watch right here
here here hand hoe yeah here and you can
click here to subscribe to me do it do
it now lick it good click that subscribe
button just like you should and dab find
out I'm so embarrassed
