hi what's up what's good chin nerd how's
it hi oh this is horrific you feel the
kind of person who gets easily annoyed
by like things robbery shouldn't watch
this video it was my birthday like I've
know four days ago or something and it
was pretty lit no gonna light which is
probably why I sound like this right now
there's literally no other explanation
for it I feel like I'm gonna die
do I need to elaborate anymore I'm gonna
die soon
don't you haven't been here on my job if
you haven't been here on my channel
before I'm Kira I'm definitely not a
beauty girl yeah if you haven't
subscribed please subscribe or you know
you're probably not going to I haven't
given us with this first impression like
this video if you liked this video or
don't if you didn't like that she's cute
I got mo sharp about it but it was my
birthday a few days ago I'm really self
obsessed so I kind of really like it
when it's my birthday I don't know so I
thought I'd share a few in this video
what I got for my birthday I'm a big
girl now I am no longer 14 and this is
no longer my career I finally turned
seven years old seventeen out I don't
like that anyone else find it with it
now I can legally drive and in a year I
am legally responsible for myself what
what who made that rule
you know people develop at different
times some people mature very early like
some people get to 14 they've had every
breed of Venus inside of them and they
led me I'm a physical appearance it's
not that bad however I lack heavily in
social skills boys they like me but then
I open my mouth and start talking
they're gone I don't know how to handle
money I don't know what taxes are I
don't even think I've ever sat in the
driving seat of a car I can get drunk
off one bottle of something that is four
percent alcohol and is basically just
juice I am not prepared to enter the
adult world and Here I am less than a
year of 18 what the hell I don't know
maybe 17 will be the year I get rich or
something like that because there isn't
much else good if me I'm getting
existential this isn't what you wanted
to hear imma just get into the video by
far the bed
this kind of gift I got for my birthday
was about my free friends I'll put their
faces here
Jordan Newsome unity and morgues of the
channel box they booked a place in
London really special that kind of had
some sort of meaning to it and it's like
oh I just like quite expensive place so
it was like for two nights we had like a
little mini party that was really great
I prefer like experiences and stuff over
material items I'd rather be up to like
fake the fact I have friends to social
media then like get a new bag and win
flex it you know I mean I don't know
what can I say I'm just humble because I
was gonna like book a night in that
place anyway for my birthday to have a
party be like so wrong because basically
long story
you don't care about the long story D so
I lost my card you know the thing used
to pay for things I lost it for a really
long time and basically I was too
nervous so like call up and ask for a
new one I was too nervous to be like to
my mom a I lost my card because I lost
one my less in Canada along with like
$700 in cash a couple of months back she
wasn't very impressed with me but yet I
just don't like general disappointment
or talking to people on the phone
because I'm kind of nervous oh it had an
out-of-body moment finally got around to
ordering me a new cart and I was like
great I'm going place in the world I've
been relying on Apple pay for about ten
years you know how when you order a new
card they put it in a letter they post
it through your door my dog I guess he
was hungry that day he took the letter
with my new garden and he he ate it so I
had to call up my bank again I didn't
want to do this now hands have the very
awkward yeah so basically sent me a new
card my dog ate it
can I have another one they were really
weird about it it was really
embarrassing to say yeah and though I
haven't even activated the card she
after they take it into a bank like
activated at 9:00 why am I telling you a
story time you literally don't care I
was gonna like book that place like a
week after because I didn't have a card
at the time you need a card to like book
hotel I can't be like hey I'm gonna use
my Apple pay to like book only 600
pounds a night like but they did it
anyway for me yes that was great
I have a new card now though I haven't
activated it moving on on my actual
birthday my mother I guess I'll start
with her so I mom was just kind of like
yo just give me a list of things
you kind of want so I'm the kind of
person I need a lot of stuff like I have
a lot of stuff in my Amazon basket but
for some reason I never just get around
to like purchasing things I'm a mess and
for literally years it's been a
tradition for her to buy me one of those
big lush boxes full of bath bombs and
whatever you know I'm a child I like to
watch things bubble do you want me this
one it was a Christmas one because
apparently all the other ones have told
out that's fine I like Christmas it's
the second most important holiday of the
year because it's the second closest one
to my birthday next to Halloween which
is the first most important one because
the first closest to my birthday I love
myself let me do a sniff test Wow oh
maybe watch this watch it oh that's
great I'm gonna get a rash later yeah
Wow smells good I'm gonna insert some
live footage here of them being used in
action look here's some live footage Wow
how crazy
okay episode 69 if Kira doesn't know how
to beauty let a commence great swatches
Kara is that what it is I don't know she
was to go miss dildo I mean as messed up
she doesn't got me this hair color
it's the Tresemme used by professionals
eggs first lecture and perfectly
brackets undone hair color she want me
that essentially because she always
tells me how ugly my hair is and then
she got me probably one of my favorite
perfumes ever which is kind of weird
because I have literally no interest in
Nicki Minaj but one day as smells
perfume not that boy I need that I have
it and then I used to all but now I have
again which is great I can use this
instead of showering great then she got
me not up there she got me another
perfume and it's guilty by Gucci you g
toilet II I'm gonna look how much I've
used already and I've had it for like
four days she got me this because she
asked me about what I needed and I said
I kinda need some new path here and
running out and she asked me what one I
liked and I said I really liked gucci
blue which is like the new one and I
remember being what I was just like in
the Gucci store one day like in London
being a baller you know I mean I was
just like looking around browsing and I
smell this perfume while I was waiting
for like you know checkout whatever and
like by the checkout counter there's
like the perfume stuff and I was just
like sniffing it while I was waiting you
know being a baller I was a boy I need
that I need to smell like a baller I
need to smell their camp i off the
Adsense dollar they never have it as
Selfridges they never have it like
Harrods they just don't have it anywhere
that I go and to get into the actual
Gucci store in London is a little bit of
a process here's a lot of the time you
have to like line up outside and prove
to them you're rich and most of the time
I'm like not wearing anything
particularly like fancy when I'm in
London I'll wear my dirty Annie - shoes
it's not a big deal you know so I don't
have to go in there much because I don't
ever really feel like being judged
it's not what's on the outside that
counts it's what's in here that counts
so not much each kid that was an
unnecessary story so the big box she got
me from lush pretty much just has bath
bombs in her she knows I like you know
creams and stuff I do love a good
moisturizer because I'm drying crusty so
she felt kind of like bad
got some like other stuff I never really
by myself like beauty feminine stuff so
I just fell out and I'll be able to get
it for me so I guess I'm gonna do some
swatching she got me to stick with
potholes on the night I mean I think no
flowers I'm not sure don't hold me to it
um not really sure what that smells like
and I'm pretty sure you just take
dippers in your barf and make bubbles or
something Adam I don't know how science
works I'm probably dropping out soon she
got me this Asian dragon thing I don't
know is this racist cultural
appropriation in a bath bomb yeah it's
nice of Asia no it just smells like I've
never been there no one wants me there
someone invite me to a asia sponsor me
don't you owe me this one it's almost a
kiss a star and it smells nice it smells
of it smells nice which is probably why
I can't describe it because it's nothing
like I've ever smelled before
oh it's cook list honor that's fun it
has a belt so easily entertained why am
i five and then she got me a pot of
motion that's always in handy and then
she just called me some other stuff like
some general like makeup stuff she tells
me quite a lot how ugly I am and I'm not
even joking
and next up a relative for me a box of
chocolates and usually people would be
like Oh a bull shoppers if I was that
boy these are my favorite chocolates in
the whole I was so impressed with this
and you know I'd show you them but I can
eat more so I'm right in ten out 10 best
gift I got kind of have to pull these
out of the wash kind of disgusting
contemplating whether I should try make
dirty clothes on camera but hey I have
no shame okay why do I start so these
next things I'm going to show you are
some gifts I kind of bought myself which
wasn't that different because I kind of
by myself gifts every day like I care
that's a gift for waking up this morning
for not anything at all they got myself
some free average underwear
I got myself a Calvin Klein bra notice
how its small yes because I have no
boobs it's nice I guess it's blue
I got matching foam to it I'm not going
to show you that I mean I would show you
it I have no shame literally it's just
it's not in a convenient space reach
ability to me right now so i'm not
modest I'm just lazy a second gift to me
from me it's a top isn't it you just
chop-chop it's like not even a big deal
I posted a picture on Instagram that you
can look at that here you can follow me
- that'd be great happy birthday kara I
was just walking for yourself ridges and
I saw and I thought I need that every
top I own is literally the same it's
just black and but it's fine
you know just average whatever and then
bought this dress from Urban Outfitters
and it's probably one of the nicest
dress ever you know I love dresses I
have this dress is from guess it's like
400 pounds I bought it I wore it once
and never wore again that's why I don't
buy expensive things you get bored of
them to be honest I didn't really buy
anything else for myself like happy
birthday Kara from Kara moving on to my
good pal hey guys mini t she got me two
things throw me this matte lipstick
which is on my lips right now which is
kind of nice and it was part of like a
little challenge thing we did where we
both picked each other's outfits and
stuff and I join Anna Morgan got suits
and like we got dresses she was like
since it's your birthday like we need to
go buy makeup and she was like I know
you're not really into makeup which I'm
not so she was like I know you're not
the kind of person who's like really
gonna be like yeah I'll spend money or
makeup and enjoy it so she was a chore
birthday I'll buy it for you and then
she called me this is sparkly and I have
it on my eyeballs right now I beautified
myself up therefore I'm gonna make a
beauty good video I better look like
your beauty guru but better because some
reasons none of them actually have good
makeup I've met a few beauty gurus like
actual full-on beauty yours in person
has seen their makeup and I was like
bitch you crusty look at this I'm just
kidding I'm getting real messy today I
don't know the first thing about makeup
and I think I just laid all of you yeah
so that was it I think yeah I probably
forgot something but like you know while
I probably got myself a couple of more
gifts from Caribou Kiera
Mike hardly think of anything else to
say so you should probably subscribe you
should probably thumbs up this video if
there's video a special shout-out goes
to this person to be video special shout
out all you have to do is like buy my
merch give me money or like comment
something whatever good luck I have no
life hanka pie has I've been there the
whole time
Oh No
