you look like you've been caught looking
up porn
I don't know if you've noticed but
almost every one of my new videos
recently has started with me
making some kind of it's a cry for help
hi what's coochie in the hood not that
much as Gucci in my hood actually it's
quite Primark in the hood it's not
looking too good in my hood just a
little update on my life I can't be we
just did that kill me now this video was
supposed to be uploaded yesterday
instead you got a different video
yesterday explaining why this video
wasn't up yesterday and why there was a
different video yesterday and you know
that this video was supposed to be up
yesterday because the day before
yesterday I uploaded a video saying this
video is gonna be up tomorrow and it was
not tomorrow because it's up today not
yesterday so if you haven't already go
back and watch those come back to this
one if you haven't subscribe to my
channel make sure you subscribe to stop
doing that if you haven't subscribe to
my channel make sure you subscribe right
this second there's a button down there
literally assault it with your fists and
if you haven't liked this video even
though you have watched it's a liking it
doesn't really make any sense but do it
anyway because I'm likeable I'm not that
such a lie i'ma challenge you to try and
like it with your face ninety nine point
sixty nine said that people can't do
this we are getting so close to two
hundred thousand subscribers and you
guys have literally been soul it
recently I've been noticing all of you
I've been going through the comments on
all of my videos and liking almost every
single comment it's humbling I'm so
humble what can I say Conway to be a bit
youtuber what I say that I'm doing
something really special at two hundred
cares a him yeah sigh so I guess I
should probably get into the video now I
said that this video is gonna make me
sad yeah in all honesty I was just
panning on connect baiting you I'm
really sorry
however the tables have turned because I
went into this fully thinking my
feelings are not gonna get her I have a
heart of stone I'm unbreakable and you
know it Loki did make me out a little
bit I'm kind of hurt so yeah
no really I'm fine a few videos ago I
reacted to my old videos for those of
you that say Kara only cares about the
money I've been trying to play this game
since I was 11
okay I didn't know that it was money
involved I only knew there was Fame
involved oh god I'm such a simple being
shallow needs never cringed so much in
my life however although I may have
burned your eyes I let you guys have
some fun I posted a picture don't look
at it for too long it's going away now
cuz that guy's worse this and boy you
came through and you guys weren't really
hard on me because you will think I have
like a heart stone and I mean true but
also not true I'm really full of myself
and when my ego gets bruised boy I don't
like it I'm not playing any games that
happen this is a reoccurring one down
Kyra was a furry to be quite honest with
you I still don't really know what a
furry is I'm a Googler the furry founder
it's a subculture interest in fictional
antropomorphic animal characters with
human personalities in character
realistic these are big words Oh
disturbed but like low-key into that
disturbed but like low-key me when I'm a
50 year old man my wife leaves me for a
woman when you're filming your video at
one but going to zero 130 you're
probably right actually no you're not
right because I was sad and pathetic and
lonely and I never went outside what to
zoo sorry I only know my dog in his bed
after five years you still have that
ugly wallpaper you know some people are
insecure about their teeth or their nose
or their other small penis but you know
what I'm insecure about that wallpaper I
hate it I did test it I'm literally the
last I'd say five years I've been
looking for new wallpaper to cover up
that wallpaper but I just can't find one
that I like enough if you have any good
wallpaper suggestions leave them down in
the comments below
hello and maybe you can be next video
special yeah it goes to this person for
telling me to kill myself or something
like that I don't know thanks for
watching when you make a dumb video
pretending to be random and quirky to
get feliforms attention when your
parents just don't understand you hey
mother it's not a face mom I like
wearing black around the stage in my
life I used to remember wanting a
haircut like marina Joyce legitimately I
also used to what my balls painted that
never happen
my mother said you're not gonna want it
in a year and I was like it's not a
phase mom
too bad 50 seconds won't get you any
decent Adsense I like you you know where
my priorities lie but snapchat you sent
your crush because he said he likes hats
literally I was so pathetic I probably
would have done that to get a boy to
like me until I realized I was perfect
you have to be myself where's our
sisters brows I don't know boy you tell
me I really don't have anything to say
about this it's too embarrassing truth
Kara has more subscribers than eyebrows
and boy that's saying something to be
quite honest this was my favorite one
out of all of them peak nothing's
changed
eyebrow spinner the new chances of ever
being relevant got a point have to call
out my sister anastasi and dip brow
pomade to come and help me here oh look
I have subs now not that many but like
some like a million divided by five
pointed you you look like a
missing-child poster honestly why did
they take Madeleine McCann they should
have taken me you look like one of those
adult babies love you though I watched a
video by an adult baby weirdest thing
I've ever seen in my life
here's what an adult baby looks like as
more offensive than when people say look
like no Cyrus oh this one's deep same
background as your current videos learn
to change things up a bit
that wasn't really a very slow going in
Cary you look as if you've just filmed a
pill box okay true though it's like it's
something some weird little fans give
them annually oh my god I love it so
much but like you don't also I don't
have a PA book should I get one comment
yes or no
well I didn't know guys like me I'm just
like all the other girls I literally
thought there was no difference between
me and like Leeds type of people it's
tragic
I know you look like you've been caught
looking at furry porn males females and
the third gender I don't want to assume
and offend anyone we're gonna stop there
my feelings are really hurt okay I need
time to go and recover why does no one
love me
I'm not crying well for this video only
I'm gonna be reading every single
comments they leave a comment of what
you want to see that before I kill
myself
thanks for watching subscribe for ten
years good luck very much do all that
stuff I'm really done I wanna die
you
you
