hi I really wanna wear this in a video
but it's kind of stained from like that
one time I cried in it that's not very
good for my brand so buy it just don't
look at it okay cool I'll be back okay
hi I'm before I start the video I'd like
to apologize for a few thing one my
general appearance to my hair everyone
hates my hair including me my roots in
look green and I haven't had a haircut
in about two years apart from the one
that I did myself made a video on it you
can go watch it deeply apologetic
however can't do much about it so just
don't know I have been watching YouTube
for a very long time for the most part
of my few Besant years I was really sad
and had no friends I mean I had friends
but I didn't like any of them that much
and I don't think they really liked me
all that much Eva so I was generally
pretty depressed like all of the time
and I liked what I liked I kind of in a
way I think that's why I didn't have any
friends because I was so obsessed with
YouTube it's all I would talk about oh
if I met a new person and found out that
they watched YouTube but even if they
watched ASI and I was in there watching
freaking ASMR I would automatically make
them my best friend because we had
something in common so yeah so when I
was about 11 after a year of consuming
YouTube videos I decided boy I could do
this
it's Alesi everyone wants to watch me
I'm hilarious so made my mother purchase
me a webcam
that perched perfectly on top of my PC
on this very desk in that corner of the
room I would film videos being generally
mentally handicapped I remember I
gathered I think 30 free subscribers boy
I thought I was famous I thought I made
it however I did keep this a secret from
my parent and my biggest fear was
someone approaching me in public saying
you're the girl that makes YouTube
videos
I mean being like sorry who that's how
relevant I thought I work him gay who
but my videos were terrible they still
are and the weird thing is is I didn't
try to hide it from anyone I lovely
proclaimed this on a daily basis around
school on your 7 like hi subscribe to my
youtube channel and people did and
people watch them they have nice things
to say to my face and it only takes me
looking back now in hindsight that I was
probably horrific ly bullied and was
just so oblivious yeah that's kind of
sad is my whole life sad so I'm gonna
used to it when I started this channel
which is you know mediocre I still hate
talking about my videos people like
uncle youtuber and I'm like no it's not
me someone else a different Gary you've
got me confused so therefore why don't I
react to some of these videos I can
still find left up on the internet and
there is in fact a part two to this
video where the truth is kind of exposed
about me and it's going up tomorrow
take a guess in the comments what its
gonna be maybe you can be next videos
special shout out this video a special
shout-out goes to this person and to be
that person you can like buy my merch
and you can comment below like bitch
that's all you have to do like comment
anything this could be you wow what an
honor
make sure you subscribe just assault the
subscribe button because then I get
stopped out school where almost 200k and
I'm doing something really special kids
a hint thank you let's get into the
video oh this makes me cringe
oh god no yuck
just keep making sounds that's not
content that's good the first one let's
just click it and watch 112 is what Al
and I think you bought him oh my God why
did I not get killing yourself deference
daily someone go back in time and
assassinate the hell out of me please
look who's back no people okay people
have noticed mine
Oh have they people noticed you really
people noticed you exist Wow find that
hard to believe
Lama issues never blazing we have an
explanation behind the Hat I don't even
really one of an explain it's kind of
like your for you know you know things I
was a little bit obsessed with Dan and
Phil and I would buy all of them arch
yeah it's embarrassing it's really
embarrassing so that's why I have a
llama hat
I'm not okay with that at all let's keep
watching I guess I am such a dinosaur
I'm gonna wear my down top in my next
video I have to let me down so I wanted
that one didn't get that one I put llama
lava lamp on oh my gosh why did someone
will shoot you in the head Jojo your
eyeballs kill you don't worry well you
know what's really funny how I'm asking
questions and I've scrolled down on this
video and it has there are comments this
video was actually about this does
anyone know what noise llamas make
little spit but do they actually just do
that
did I go I'm not gonna cry let's try not
living life anymore no one wants you I
loved myself and was so self-confident
it's actually a problem there was
nothing to love how did I not realize
that I was a freak of nature how do I
not realize it my existence at this
point in time which isn't not necessary
to okay so now get a view the second
most viewed video and it's called
drinking coconut juice this channel that
I'm looking at right now this was my
second channel I don't even have the
second panel now this had seven
subscribers and the other one had 30
free I managed to delete all of the ones
from the other channel damn how from my
second channel it's just a bunch of
unedited you care about my random life
type videos I don't know the password to
this account all the email actually to
be quite honest so they're up there
forever I have a field day with that
let's watch it okay bit of a backstory
I actually just remembered this oh my
god so on my main channel I used to make
like random food videos as well and one
time someone challenged me to make a
peanut butter and Dorito sandwich that
was so sexy I guess they got the most
views meaning they got 12 instead of
three anyway I love how you can hear my
mom shouting the dog in the background
all person babbles I'm instead going to
drink something coconut you act like
that's so revolutionary and no one has
done that before
there's always already a pre-made hole
it actually doesn't smell that bad why
would it smell bad it's a coconut it's a
fruit or is it not boy
Oh God
if you actually look inside you see how
gross that panel looks like a hope
you ask me I can't if you help too much
oh god why am i acting like I'm gonna
die if I do this no thanks
I was so ugly why did no one tell me
also why can you do it you act like
you're trying to swallow it anthrax
coconut save is the best if it's the
best and why do you have such a problem
drinking its juice I don't understand
through blanky I don't know what kind of
coke can I was drinking from but it did
not warrant that reaction honestly me
though when I consumed any kind of
alcohol like now I think I just like the
actual coconut I'm home I be like that I
didn't leave it a responsive you using
coconuts video responses oh my gosh
I remember them someone needs to bring
that back yeah I don't know I just don't
like myself at all I don't like that era
of me I don't really like this one
Eva late at least they got some subs oh
it's like I thought someone cares that
I'm taking a food break hold on one
utility later okay wow I hated every
second of that however good news for you
bad news for me there is more of those
there are more of those videos and if
you want me to do another video we are
kinked more of them give this a thumbs
up get excited for tomorrow's video
where I kind of expose myself I guess
yeah it's lit subscribe kind of need it
like this video okay bye
you
