hi what's up pals are hanging what's
good she in the hood today I am going to
be doing video which is why the
clickbait it's gonna be so great
but then again is it gonna be click back
you know you should just keep watching
preferably right at the end of the video
after the second ad in the middle to
watch it so I guess I should probably do
that thing more I say if it I'll
subscribe to me you should probably
subscribe to me gently tap it you can
subscribe from everyone I'm really not
gonna tell you what to do with your life
but like it would be really great it
would help me out I'd cut my bank
account out help everyone up you know do
what they would do some trap deed there
you go I always have much backs to these
people on the screen right now I'll put
one of you on my tips there you go well
fam I guess that's just into the video
so I asked you guys on Twitter for some
true for dads
and the last time he did it true for Dad
I click basis you really hard here is my
video but this time I'm not gonna to
make make you really hard I'm actually
gonna do them and stop being such a
pussy little bitch
that's what's been saying I've changed
recently I don't know maybe I've just
evolved maybe I got a boob job
everyone's that have changed recently so
you know what maybe I'll change and
evolve would be less of a pussy bitch
subscribe the first step is to become
monetized again don't tell me what to do
you bitch my watch your first video no
thank you
oh I don't wanna do this let me give
some a backstory to my first ever video
it's all for its a story time it's gonna
be probably don't know this I broke my
leg so badly last February I think it
was I gotta walk for six months I
couldn't go to school I literally could
not leave my house it was really bad my
body just doesn't function the way it
used to I decided my first video it was
going to be a story time about how I
broke my neck cuz I was like boy this is
gonna blow up is it gonna be crazy
beautifly who move out the way
Tannenbaum boom I'm next story time
Queen King
it isn't work my first ever video got
1.5 k views i was so little out that i
was like why I have this sub for the
cloud now oh god you were so boring I
know well just want it posted I posted
that on the 14th of May 2016 and that
how old does that make me now well deep
remorse is big tonight guys if you want
to win the gift card giveaway for 6000
pounds iTunes gift card make sure you
dislike this video I dare you to eat so
dang the hotel and it's like in a right
hotel so they like give you nice
complimentary so pretentious let's hope
that I don't get diarrhea penis okay
I'll take paid bridges don't have a diss
track I'm Kara Bridget oh yeah Kara you
should jump off of the bridge yet or go
play with a fidget spinner
spinner yeah drop a beat drop me
oh you every cana behind my teeth and
that's just what's up titty Bridget back
what's the most illegal thing you've
done
Oh should I see Oh God so twice I have
tweeted very ambiguous tweets along the
lines of this I'm not going to say it
while I was and it wasn't for me it was
for other people you know it was a for a
friend but it actually was excitement
pussy and I took to that one time I
there was a man I was on the balcony
shouted at the man on the balcony as a
joke hey do you have any paracetamol he
was like yeah I do have some process
more and I was like great I'm on my
period whistle it really hurts you know
can I have someone who's like yeah I'll
be back in five minutes
and I was like oh great thanks really
that perhaps there's more folks for that
and he came back with it and that was
the first time I ever dealt powerboats
would you join trash again if you don't
know what trash is because I feel like a
lot of you're new and don't know I was
on the clap channel run by Tana mojo and
it had some other people event the
answer is hell no those were sand dire
days can you know me are you Morgan just
friends yeah are you by what does that
mean I feel like they were writing oh by
sexual no no I know that's the only
point is are you happy now yeah I am you
know I've been doing a lot of things
like you've changed recently I guess
the comments people saying you've
changed now you have friends and like
are you serious
you've changed now you have threatened
sorry a lot of fat sad pathetic loser
who sits in there morte literally the
only friend I had was someone on the
internet like time goal I have friends
and my boobs got a bit bigger I'm living
life right now I'm loving life and I
could have gone in the other direction
like a lot of youtubers do where they
kind of get in there and then they're
like I don't really try anymore but am I
still sitting here in a hotel room I
could be making lots to a really
attractive boy or subscribers but am I
know I feel me video because I love it I
prank calling Morgan now bye bye bye hey
representative of my life your brand
have you ever smoked weed no I haven't
smoked it you know I didn't actually see
someone ask this I just assumed someone
has asked this it will probably like 90%
of them to make sweet love with him on
camera Luigi Edition on YouTube not PG
edition or you know what's finder wow
I've never kissed a boy before I've
never kissed an attractive girl before
what scared oh my god
later
that is a whooping joke okay are you
watching thank you for taking on the pic
wait there's nothing to it can read it
actually touch Mouse it's really cozy
and needs no problem he bought me a
muffins I like you
yeah I'm a great fan watching nobody
always knows media they have someone
yeah I'm the yeah okay
peace Oh walk out the door you see
someone that you know and they ask you
how you are you just have to say that
you're fine
when you're not really fine but you just
can't get into it because they would
never understand
you
