boy look at this
what's up drama that nation welcome back
to your favorite daily vlogging channel
that you wish never existed I'm naked
right now I'm kind of in a rush like a
fat rush I'm not going to explain what
I'm doing yet oh I have access to naked
right now which makes me really
uncomfortable
yeah I'm a stop button clothes on but I
thought there probably started thought
so okay but one utility later
did I do a transition so it's like eight
now I kind of forgot to do this thing
I'm here with my mentor last time I did
this it was like two because I woke up
really late and now it is a seven no
it's not it's just seven just set it
right yeah copy line to your viewers and
of course not
take Franks we're going to eat steak
right now with Jacob yeah he's a wrap it
only leaves under H I don't know charlie
or something right so we just have food
this is a really good restaurant wife in
the backseat of my brand new foreign car
watch you owe me hi what's not that long
I might go last time you saw me was last
night I didn't end the vlog yeah suggest
turn into two day rogue now
I do I my mugs yeah when I scream yeah
so I don't really understand I don't
really know I don't know why you're
doing that a flaw exception respects you
got one torch let's touch the walls yeah
we can actually do that three two one
it's not my your own screen wow this is
helpful this is water the light behind
the scenes guys well less attractive so
you know things are just chillin things
just hanging in the hood I don't
actually think I specified what I was
doing where I was I'm in London I'm in a
hotel what's new when am I ever at home
doing something I should probably be
doing yeah never so we're going to get a
bit lit we're supposed to leave this
hotel room at what time 1200 smell of
Brut yeah sure what's new hotels are
they gonna find us I dream I get fun
yeah hold 30 pounds let's get little
Ralph isn't here I guess this is a hotel
room good great Troy yeah like it's cool
yeah my neck my back yeah how would you
feel about this experience it's been
good kara I had a really good time with
you just chilling without Netflix okay
subscribe to me muzaffer to me yeah of
course subscribe before you knew me uh I
don't think so I don't mind
transition right then
it's actually yeah there's gonna leave
it yeah well you look at this and
obviously everybody loves to give away
like I love to give away you guys will
give aways who doesn't love giveaways if
you want to win and iTunes in a week
subscribe to the channel so homeboy just
stroking my face and you commented on
how soft it is and like I know also my
skin's been really batteries I'm wearing
like a time maker because I've just been
kind of like right in the middle I am
sorry for the function approximation I
didn't mean it it's not my fault Mike
Skinner's racist fake woke Twitter don't
come for me please
you
