how the hanging thumb was good haven't
seen me in a while being productive no
you haven't but guess what bitches I'm
here oh look I have a friend no one
wanted me here I'm here anyway so
there's problem you can do about it
you didn't ask for this but you got it
oh yeah no one's happy no one's happy
about this
no one wants this no one asks for this
not one single person was like Kiera you
know who needs to be in your next video
morgues not one person but i'ma do it
anyway because it's got soaks the
morgues is channel consists of an
audience of primarily underage children
whoops so so here's not used to not
being completely family-friendly all of
the time thank you what we're not going
to be family-friendly I can't be doing
this my reputation is on the line here
rawr cougar girl have you got a slime to
be on his slide we're gonna prep him
submerge him into this dark dark hole
which is called no ad revenue yeah I've
made a big mistake here yeah is it too
late to just go yeah I guess I hope my
investments do well I'm I want you to
say something really bad yeah okay
nothing I can do it I think I'll reach
deep down into my stomach and body and
all that stuff I can pull up a bad word
say penis why won't you say it just say
it this may get your channel taking down
penis I'm gonna explain what this video
is about now so I really thought hmm I
need to film a video I've been here for
like I don't know 78 days or something I
haven't achieved anything if you want to
know what it's like going on it's like
we came away for like one weekend the
one just like hang because we've good
friends shake man so we've just been
drinking a little apple juice out of
your food shoes one that was pretty cool
they tell you what I did in the pie no
mixed fruit shoots in chavacano found it
these PG boys they came out of control
is that beer oh my goodness basically
co-star doing we've been here for a
while and I thought okay well I need to
be
productive if I'm gonna light ditch the
rest of my life and my future hopes and
dreams and aspirations and have nothing
going for me I literally have nothing on
anything you know that thing that you
like when you're like laying for a job
it has your list of accomplishments on
it and like everyone has like oh I
worked five days last summit yeah mine's
like I don't one thing more than me
though you have GCSE years so I thought
yeah if I'm gonna be here and ditch my
whole life I need to get some videos out
of it I need to like use him a little
bit he's here because I like him as a
person and I thought what can I do
that's gonna get a lot of views well
number one let's do something really
cliche and generic number three that's
put trends in the title I'm a really
great youtuber from the boat I'm doing
it because I have passion I got this new
top today there will be an intro to this
so there is no I
so we've hartney and Selfridges I'm in
this section right here you know they
make crop protection yeah I know a lot
about makeup I have a new channel on
YouTube 500k so I really I've really no
I'm doing I do yeah probably I might
kickstart my may see that blush or
mushroom I'm gonna buy it to make it say
I'm really not happy right now
can't wait to waste more money I think
something like this would go really well
in skincare no I just thought you're
gonna put time ago well you were wrong
okay I'm gonna punch the camera oh no no
everyone's blue cuz it's just me what a
like I've just um been a you can say
eating out smile it's my turn no more
deep demonic eyes it's fine okay yeah
why don't like em to be a nice move I
don't know Smith happy is okay that did
some breadth it's a firstly because I
think right would just look great on him
you know the bond kind I think secondly
because I just kind of want one I think
we only need like one more thing I'm
gonna get an eyeliner because I'm really
bad at eyeliner bro
I'm thinking it really pretty I'm gonna
buy these Garrett that was a great trip
too selfish it wasn't it that's great
we're back now we was there before but
I'm just gonna pretend because dramatic
effect let's go so I'm gonna be
recreating Instagram makeup trends onto
his face because I can and because
people will watch that for some reason
and I would watch it I'm sober on
Twitter and I was like hey reply some
crazy Instagram makeup trends I can
recreate onto his face and not mine
because it's always on my face needs to
switch things up sometimes get there
yeah you did that I'm lazy I could've
just googled it I know I love using and
abusing people good fun no yeah it's
good good that's good
I guess we can start with getting it
like a good face on his face that's a
base when your face a trying to get it
you've heard of Elf on the Shelf now get
ready for base on the face if you know
something about me in the multiple
horribly bad makeup videos I don't pass
I don't nothing about makeup I mean look
at my face
yeah I mean I think I know more how does
make one yes probably do let's let me K
shouldn't say I can't really do much
with a heavy any time for that okay no
we're not tired at all this is not part
of the agreement we agreed I'd get to
user boobs there's no agreement here
okay well update I can't find it my hair
gets to stay the string I'm using yeah
this is your much right that's great we
have something in common
I have much to you can see it here here
here and here
many variations you can go and buy it
teen spring calm slash something period
cetera I don't know learn that have you
ever seen nothing where they put like
lines on their face at Brown lines like
here and here yeah the only time I ever
really use this is what I'm making she
parody makeup videos would you like for
her cheekbones virtual line I don't know
that I just don't think that okay well
there's a little I don't like about it
so I'll just so we're gonna small in
your forehead
I'm sorry walk or move out of this
really great this is really working I
like it
let's put poop on his face I don't think
this is how it works on a sleeper the
way dudes windows making it smaller like
100 like here I know she'll put 1 mil no
I'm actually didn't do it why good thing
I don't have any blush with me because I
really got some of that they keep the
tourists is looking great next step this
is called yeah I'm so bad at me just get
it all along just like okay just do all
of that just all of that okay so how'd
you feel about being on a beauty Channel
me it's unfamiliar territory for me I
mean I've been on my mom telling a few
times she's about the opposite from view
it so like be so mean me because I'm
rich era 16 I don't know if you've seen
the worst district in a lot of I love it
I want to it every night you know what I
think I just have analyzed your reaction
to make of this every time someone put
some on my face bill be with you yeah I
hate jumps until they find me dinner
what on earth have you actually done no
actually dog I made you Instagram
beautiful yeah the next thing someone
suggested me to do was that weird
eyebrow thing well you know the eyebrows
go late February and stuff on fart
eyebrows I'm pretty jealous so I
couldn't decide on what eyebrow trying
to do on him oh I'm a this one to us I
also have no idea how they separate the
eyebrows into two different sections
someone explain this to me honestly how
do they do that if I grab it for you
asking me how they do something I have
no clue what they're actually doing
that's like asking a dog how a bird
flies I guess that luck because I have
known
how they do this so I'm just gonna
improvise is this necessary
no the next one is the way the eyebrows
one which one which I'm pretty sure
people just do on like Photoshop or
facetune which is you know what I use
just generally bigger oh my lord
oh great I should be an Instagram famous
beauty counters out the way huda beauty
move out the way no a cup of me time to
Akira with two A's and then Bridget to
enter the scene and by the way Instagram
if you're watching I want my name I told
you on her ass back here Instagram again
they did that before and I think you in
private for that while she's pregnant
now I follow up her life all the time
it's just like a middle-aged asian woman
just living her life and she's got a
tiara it's ago I know what it's I think
you'll really great no next if you
follow me on any of my social medias you
know I've had a problem with eyeliner
for a very long time I tried to pull it
off one that goes around you know is
yeah yeah so I gave up today I have a
blank canvas with really great eyelids
by the way I thought to tell you thank
you I'm gonna do some dramatic eye
shadow first and then I don't know what
color to go for maybe I'll start with
Kate by and then orange you can match me
you look more like me now which means
you look better cuz I'm perfect
that's what we are smack because that
walked in over 500 go for another 500
YouTube girlfriend's have also now on
well I don't like I've just been
actually punished you beautiful
beautiful
that's whip out the eyeliner and I
didn't notice this when I first
purchased it skwisgaar's is a lot of fun
for me should I don't you that weird
thing oh no I'm scared oh so just keep
your pain in turn oh oh my god
ah that's it you can't use my boobs is
your fate no I'm actually quite good I
think I just have deformed eyelids oh
especially in my eyeball no really why
did you tell myself why did you really
well uh I don't
well if you had though you'd be like it
it'll be like a free item I think is
really ugly one goes to that yeah that's
likely a joke - my turn - okay oh yeah
you believes my style
oh yeah he's clearly smashed up on that
smash the like button mash okay next
it's just one bit so I can put Kylie
Jenner in this video somewhere some
house it the car lips thing on him and
make his lips Bevan no audio so I'm
going to accentuate his lips right now
make them bigger better and more
beautiful if you get lip injections for
a video that will get so many views what
even comment down below saying who wore
it better I think you over me about the
way Miranda sings yours here yeah we're
done subscribe to me and yeah please I
need some and if you're here from his
channel could you saw his face in the
bomb now it's right to me so I just end
the video yeah I should just end it
alright well as always I've been walks
you guys have been awesome and peace out
you go bragh boy
you
