hey phone vlog wow this is terrible so
I'm currently on the floor trying to get
a selfie in a brain but I have no makeup
on so it's probably a really bad idea
cuz I look kind of gross and like I
should probably die this is my
toothbrush say hi so Wow so today I am
actually leaving my house I'm going
outside to go somewhere that isn't in my
house for once and I'm gonna go get it
not with drugs yeah I still haven't
packed what is this um thanks why would
you do that why would you do that just
two seconds ago I've come to a decision
I'm going to try and shave my eyebrows
for the first time what um why do people
let me have razors um I don't know how I
feel about that yeah
wow you don't hate this oh why do people
that host me of these things oh yeah my
mother's asleep that's why I don't even
have a unibrow well I am going to London
and whenever I'm going to London people
get really confused like Carol don't you
live in London yeah but no one like
lives in the City of London in the city
of I'm not gonna make any Compton
references very deco really entirely
sure what I'm doing with my bag that
I've definitely packed I'm gonna go and
see um a boy yes that's right boys like
me Wow Cara you have a very vibrant and
colorful wardrobe don't you don't you
don't you
what's up hey Cara's vlog did you miss
me you probably didn't come back anyway
wait hello guys it's Kara Hara and
welcome back to another vlog I'm with
morgues we're so cringy is hilarious hey
guys this - oh nice - you know it's your
boy most that
currently I don't know where we are
we're just looking for a while I'm done
I'm done
all right so we're at a restaurant I
can't remember what it's called um and
I'm kind of sad because well I mean this
dogs died it looks great I mean I agree
and the pizza I see how are those well
I'm sad about that cuz I don't want this
anywhere on that oh wait I should
probably featuring it didn't I what's up
good I think five and so in the next
taxi on the way to Bangladesh is that
where we going
no is it is it Jamaica basically back to
hotel we're staying in separate rooms
yeah of course about that yeah they
didn't have any separate rooms
I just starting out yeah no they didn't
have any single that's available
it just exercises your mouth yeah yeah
of course it's just yeah
cardi Jenna who exactly who needs that's
like pumping the guns
it's pumping the lips I'll pump your
guns yeah yeah Qaeda smoke guys my setup
hi oh wait no hi hi this is um the
morgues and if you know the mortgages
channel you probably know he has a weird
toe okay I really want to see it and
I've seen it before kind of I wasn't
really paying much attention to it
that's kind of like whatever is attire
and so like that's his foot I'm right
now so I've been trying to get this off
or are you just have to say that you're
fine when you're not really fine but you
just can't get into
come ass up right now no no the do turn
signal funds today can't have another
bond with the tow telephones it's like
meat I've never had that once
oh please no the total what Kyle is
hired to funds you won't know how I'm
really see monetize right because I'm
just disgusting and YouTube doesn't want
me anymore
well I guess I'm rubbing off on him a
little bit and 3G Premier League you
guys no see this is a safe space you can
say whatever you want say the working
I'm so flipping on Barry so today we're
gonna teach Morgan has a theme but what
is deep boating what is that ever taken
up I don't think I don't think though oh
wow this is this is really impressive I
couldn't do this you ready you could do
it does this go
I'm asking tell me y'all leave there now
okay so we're sitting here chillin you
know living life and I'm we post like a
really cute
yeah view of London you won't really see
it now it's kind of gone you know you
get you get the river the one mile all
that go inside a pigeon don't forget to
do it come on
come on you can do it this time absolute
like he goes like Oh like hormones like
and tries to put his arm around me
elbows me in the face I went for this
ride however they like and they just on
the head I was like oh how romantic
and then this is a cool view that's some
trees so um I'm just talking a little
bit just in case it doesn't reach ten
minutes yeah okay let's just talk about
random stuff have you heard about what's
been happening with Donald Trump and
subscribe
you
