is that actual proof phase banks has
been I again
good morning
hey thanks for taking me out this great
dinner it's very nice yeah yes the
wardro our turn at least the twelve
exactly this is what you call wage on a
show and squirrel now yeah and it was
raining earlier Oh Mike what is it about
about about in the call on this London's
oh yeah we McDonald sorry my name books'
star hook star sounds bad but seriously
dude is Jacob central I mean Morgan he's
a professional global it's really great
I'm not a professional blogger if you
haven't noticed they're not the best
quality
I don't know I think they're pretty
professional yeah yeah I want to see I
mean uh I proved I did want to say it
yeah oh no no you can say it say it
I agree
I'm giving you let me pose let me pose
and so I thought as I have a
professional booger in my minutes
pratik my bookie yeah I think you know
so the Kozma factors there's gotta be a
nine iron garage my very charismatic
okay the consistency it's gonna be a 2i
a consistency is is it's a to attend
thank you I turn I'm afraid got to be
got to be pumping out in daily blogs and
then the the the angles are very good I
like her go nice on my chin yes so you
gradually have one way then come go for
it how many do you have
and you guys show it now
the mortgage technique later we all are
we go in I'm liking this different walks
out to the usual I'm here with my
girlfriend on my girlfriend's channel
very good reaction they know she could
tell she's really really into that yeah
where we going yeah where are we going
we're going like that Selfridges Lantana
we are we yeah okay let's go he said I'm
done four guys are going Mexico yeah
yeah yeah yeah thank you I like your is
your birthday I like you when it's my
birthday too
it is very birthday yes they're missing
is that actual proof face banks has been
I again Jesus that guys out of living
control what the flesh I shall be much
functional functional you know so so
obviously it obviously my new skits you
give a knock in the park for five pounds
bro okay the pause bro
you
