good morning hi I'm making this video
you know what video this is no one
wanted this I'm gonna have a great time
making it and you're probably not going
to have a great time watching it but I
wanna see it does okay sometimes you
have to be selfish and if you've been
following me on any of my social media
you know that I'm having a little bit of
a mental breakdown recently and I'm not
sure if it's a joke or if it's an actual
cry for help
so pray for me yeah so I've decided just
have a therapy session with myself
decorate my face and things that
shouldn't be on my skin and just have an
all-around great time so today I am
going to be gracing you with a full face
using just lip product I don't know I
just kind of want to do it I feel like
it'll make me feel better about I guess
I should probably also point out that I
have one this same top in the last free
videos I have filmed the free videos I
have filmed are also the only times I've
ever worn this top I've worn it in
selfies like that I took after filming
your video I guess I just happened to be
wearing this top on the day that I felt
like hey I wanna film so I'm not the
kind of person that's gonna change my
outfit just to film a video like you
know I mean I don't care that much yeah
so just in case you were wondering there
is this thing called a washing machine I
don't know how to use it but my mother
does thank the Lord and it's quite cute
I'm probably never gonna wear it again I
guess we could start with some primer
and I don't do even have a primer no I
don't think I do and why had a lot of
the beauty gurus say is it primer has to
make your skin a little bit tacky so I
thought why not use it it makes your
lips tacky and it also makes them tacky
as well because it's Kylie now I have
this lip gloss and I got it for free
when I bought like for Kylie lip kits
one time and the reason I don't wear it
is because I don't know if you can tell
but it is literally the exact same color
as my skin Kylie stop playing with me I
don't get why I didn't get a selection
of the free gifts I wanted let's just
assume that everyone has the same color
complexion so yeah getting you this is
primer to prime for the foundation and
concealer I haven't
so I'm gonna get on with my mental
breakdown it's going really well
zoom in I guess you kind of just yeah
oh that's very thick mmm that feels
weird at all
after all why am i I'm the one doing it
though oh my gosh disgusting this feels
like yes like this is what I can imagine
a dead body feeling like after it died
okay I mean my face is a tacky put this
one to the side I guess we should do
some swatching to see what its gonna
look good and then faked hand there and
even nearly the same color as my face I
don't have a part of my ball my breasts
no that's too much so I guess we're just
gonna yeah we'll just have to do it like
this wow that's my skin color if I rub
it in though oh that's quite doesn't
know maybe I'll put this one to the side
your maybe next we have Kylie lip kit
ghosting in Kandy K I know so many
people are gonna get on me about a
wasting things like the kids in Africa
could've ate those and make very
nutritious um yeah maybe you know I
really didn't think this through before
I started did I um mmm that's not too
bad this isn't working I'm just gonna
look like I have a rash this is gonna go
horribly wrong though I'm knowing me I'm
I'm still gonna upload it because I
don't see most things that you go
horribly wrong okay well I think we've
decided on the color is gonna have to be
which is the first one we picked out oh
I think I'm allergic to them
Oh sigh okay I mean you know it looks
nothing like my skin color but maybe if
we burned our baby I'm feeling turned
maybe we can just kind of contour with a
mental breakdown yeah no I just look
like I have a nut allergy and I ate a
nut I look like I have a nut allergy and
someone's ex-girlfriend wants me dead
which isn't far from the truth Parkman
but yeah this isn't going very well so I
think that is about as far as we're
gonna get with foundation it looks kind
of weird it feels really weird feels
worse than it looks which is what I
could say about a lot of situations I've
been in recently
um yeah I'm kind of stuck for options
anyway we're gonna quite a contour
you're gonna use a Kylie lip kit in the
shade ginger and I'm gonna put it well
you know there and I'm just gonna rub it
in I don't know why I did both at the
same time because that was a lot because
they're gonna dry really fast and wow
this was probably the worst idea I've
ever had in my whole life
oh you know what's bad I'm trying right
now that's the worst part is that I am
actually trying to make it look nice I
don't know why I do these makeup videos
I'm not even good at makeup when I'm
using the stuff that's like actually
allocators those specific areas like I
don't want anything I'd be good at when
it's not well um well that's dried so
that's about as far as beginning with
that I guess we could try and clean it
up yeah something happened I mean it's
not awful it looks like most beauty
gurus like that's to you well I'm doing
this makeup so backwards so usually when
people contour a then highlight and I
have this old lipstick which is really
melted and it has like glycerin I for
yeah let's just use that oh wow okay
this is that is so pretty what the hell
like I'm looking in the mirror right now
and that is so beautiful
I'm see see that I don't know if you can
I've got my mirror here and boy that
looks spectacular and I surrender I
guess we can just go for a very bronzy
look I'll take a picture and insert it
right here I actually think I'm getting
like genuine rash like I haven't taken
my allergy medicine today like I have
these tablets that I'm like prescribed
by the doctor to take everything today
because I get hay fever like all year
round and today I didn't take it I don't
take it a lot of days but most days I
aren't I'm not just like you know
shoving miscellaneous chemicals
my face so actually no I am so that's
awkward I think I'm gonna go back in
with the lipgloss under my eyes and try
and conceal yes it is low-key like
salmon
you know like tuna like sharp cut I
don't know what I'm saying and I'm
pretty sure the beauty gurus at one
point were like yo if you use like hang
on your eyes or something like that and
it'll get rid of your like blue balls
blue balls blue back honestly it's not
terrorists it's terrible um I mean if I
was really poor and really desperate I
still wouldn't do this but you've gotta
be a certain level of homeless have to
do this I wouldn't wish this upon my
worst enemy I do feel like I've gone
Botox I like where are my forehead
wrinkles oh they're right there never
mind a point where I'm like how do I
progress so I guess I'm gonna try and do
my eyebrows I did have a brown lipstick
I don't know where it's gone I lose
everything I love you know lipsticks
boyfriends you name it and I'm going to
use ginger I'm gonna try and put it in
my eyebrows this is gonna go so well
nope never mind I don't know if I should
keep going or not I guess I should I
mean that's not terrible once it's kind
of like burned it out or is it I don't
know anymore yeah it makes me want to
die yeah I don't know if you saw but
like Reading Festival was like this
weekend like the previous weekend and
there's this like trend and it really
annoys me I like all the girls who like
mommy let me out the house in the first
time and I went to reading of my friends
and popped pills and did pet and I do
that whole thing where they cover the
whole body and glitter I'm just like
every female does it and it's like so
embarrassing I'm like you don't look
cool you don't look indie you just look
like you're covered in glitter glue like
that's it you just look like you went
stationary shopping on like a 40 degrees
day it got really hot and all the
packets of glitter glue for like kids
just ruptured and you didn't wash off
like that's what you look like that's
how I feel right now with my orange
eyebrows I guess I shadow now
you're not gonna believe me was how you
like bitch I'm trying I guess we can go
bald or go home I don't really know what
that saying and okay
so I guess I'm just gonna dab a little
bit that's it let's do a cut crease
let's burn this out so it looks like
blended Wow actually looks quite cool
Wow Wow okay
I'm surprised with myself wow that is so
dank on so many levels should we do
under eye - I'm gonna get such a rush on
this I'm gonna go blind late
goodbye eyesight I feel like I'm
embodying the appearance of all the
people I dislike right now this looks so
dank boy I'm proud now time for the cut
crease and we're gonna use Oh Kylie
kandi whatever the hell what is ed and
we're gonna yeah we're gonna use this
one and we're going to learn a cut that
crease oh yeah come on cut grease boy I
can't make crease real good can your
bitch do that I don't think so Queen
just work so can your new bitch do that
so these hoes Wow is that cheating cos I
feel like if I did that it would just
you just make me feel a lot better about
myself remember girls if you're ever not
confident with your body and you want to
get a nose job or a tit job one eyebrow
job you do it and if you want to powder
your face you look like less of a mess
even though it's cheating you freaking
do it oh don't you know I don't do
anything I have so many folders no empty
this is disgraceful how could I forget
lipstick this is a knockoff lime cream
one I got for like 69p on Amazon
honestly it's just as good as the real
thing ten out of ten recommend actually
if you're building it so angry at me for
saying that
don't use fakes kids support retailers
who are just selling the exact same
thing it tends I'm surprised when you
can get it elsewhere with substandard
packaging or not cheaper so that's about
the tube Sharon yeah there is no way in
hell possible that I could
skaara and we could try some blush Wow
hi Rhonda look what you made me do look
like you just made me too it's morning
in songs like the cool thing now I feel
like I let sir violet started that
things with - I'm done you know what's
the most satisfying part though paying
oil in my face and watching it all come
off well you're gonna enjoy that wait I
need my phone lubricate up honestly I
just did this for my own enjoyment
you've just seen me hath era P with
myself I feel a lot better now I feel a
lot more cleansed but I don't have a man
to hold me at night I need to stop this
what are people not more worried about
me if I wasn't me I'd be worried about
me I don't really know I'm going with
this just subscribed by my match this
clip of yeah okay bye
