hi what's up what's hanging what scooty
guys how are we all on this very
pleasant kind of not really because I
just drained my whole bank accounts I'm
like really few per day you guys for
some strange warped reason absolutely
loved my dark web mystery box I opened
it up I found a dirty tampon and I found
what I thought was poop and some
potentionally attentionally potentially
illegal substances I'd like to
personally apologize for how much it
looks like I'm wearing underwear right
now I promise those shorts oh my god I'm
naked so you know what I went and bought
a loved one I found a website which sold
mystery boxes and they said that they
were a gamble and gambling is illegal
and only four people over the age of 18
so I had to lie about my age on this
website but you know what it's fine
because I have it's the most horribly
rap thing I've ever encountered in my
entire life
it's literally falling apart I've
already pulled my dress tag off it
because I don't really feel like getting
any um sister stalkers never say like I
don't really feel like getting mutilated
murdered decapitated kidnapped abducted
will it be a bother
yeah I mean should we just get into it
yeah okay opening it I spent actually I
don't really want to talk about how much
I spent on this it is massive don't tell
me this is what I think is actually do
tell me this is what I think is
unreachable paper use if you're
listening please let this be the new
bottle Easy's I saw Kim Kardashian
wearing them and me and Kim share the
same birthday so I feel like we're
telepathically connected you know what I
mean oh no shoot if they are shoes they
probably don't even give you my size
okay I'm closing realize you guys can
just tell me what set up
it feels really way to happy to be shoes
I don't want to do it oh there is a
second box underneath they came like
kind of connected and I've guess I'll
open that one afterwards Oh hand cream
and perfume I mean it looks cute it has
a weird miscellaneous substance spill
all over and though kind of looks like
butter could be pee maybe we should open
it smells like poison yes Cara just
sniff the poison if I die then I'll know
that it's poison sounds like flowers I
have really bad allergies but I was not
really my favorite thing early on I was
sneezing for my allergies and my snot
like came out my nose and I
instinctively just sniffed it back up
and then the snort came up with so much
force it went into my eye yeah I tweeted
about the earlie you don't like my life
is just a series of unfortunate man oh
hi I'm cream creamy next bottle or Fink
water doesn't smell of anything but I
have a sticky Betsy why is a yeah it's
water I mean who else can I say about it
okay next up I feel like every pair of
Tsongas I feel like every pair of
sunglasses I own looks like that in some
way shape or form I don't really know
what to do with this information I don't
really want them I don't go outside why
would have any need for sunglasses so I
mean they have no brand on them they're
probably nice Oh made in China
really get what money's worth here he's
like those weird Finn cat ones that
Instagram models keep wearing I'm really
not rocking this on my million likes on
Instagram gonna happen okay
oh no way I don't know what's going on
first we have to Apple products allure
to Apple products an iPhone 5s I have
the iPhone air it is smashed to pieces
because I thought that there was either
on my leg and then I throw it at Rock
everything I own EADS to be wrapped in
layer of bubble wrap anyway iPhone I
probably shouldn't be shaking it this
probably maybe could have some resale
value the moment of truth if there's
anything in it it feels kind of like the
iPhone 5s is like Donna I wasn't gonna
use it anyway but gosh darn mmm okay
next up we have a USB super drive it is
an apple product it does in fact have
the Apple logo on it I don't know
is real I don't know what this is we
have been gifted a shape and it has a
wire with a USB plug it in and see what
it does there any instructions okay
maybe not another Apple product I don't
think this is real
it's a macbook charger i always break my
macbook charges I mean banks is probably
gonna set my house on fire but I kind of
need it oh so this is like fancy hotel
room so that smells so good they've
probably poisoned it so I probably
shouldn't put it on my body but give me
this please stop drilling please I want
to know what's in the rest of the box
and I can't keep speaking if you're
gonna keep it did you listen to me here
we have a Gucci perfume coochi guilty I
actually have this not used at all
because it's not kind of bad let me open
it and haha I must be a genius for
knowing that was gonna be empty next up
we have a Kylie Jenner phone case I know
this very distinctively because I
actually used to have this actually I
used to have three of these and they
kept breaking I mean thanks it's just
gonna break so I might as well just
break it already okay next up we have
some work that way it's a guess watch
let me see how much this cell major T
interesting that all worth between like
200 to 300 pounds expensive apart from
the fact it's broken
major t it still doesn't cover how much
I pay for this anyway moving on oh my
god this is so cool - Kylie lipstick or
I have a client thick in a different
shade and it's ran out already there are
my favorite ones they make my lips look
all like nice I don't know what any
other adjectives I dropped out of school
I thought that these were gonna be fake
but they actually like they have that
vanilla kind of now that the Kylie ones
have interesting my my ten years old I
guess that might lend you some swatches
hi guys so here we have I don't know
what the shades called
as you can see it it's really pigmented
okay we have this one called we uh and
it's purple and it's really nice yeah my
arms really dirty now store me
ooh next up we have some absolute
vanilla vodka I legally cannot consume
alcohol for another how many days until
the 21st of October Kim Kardashian's
bastard
I cannot consume is legally for 25 days
and even when I can consume is legally I
won't because I'm a but it's
vanilla flavored which is very
interesting and dhankor is expensive for
all of my friends I know who are half
socialites and go outside invited to
parties oh my god that smells so good
wait some for my lips and make it Korean
oh no no don't feel like dying today
sorry Satan okay we have a little tube
of glitter tonight
now why if it was a patch on my head oh
no I don't like how it feels remember
one time I passed in glitter and um I
was ejecting glitter out of some strange
holes for a very long time okay next up
Oh some jewelry okay it looks like
here's a choker has this tiny little
diamond looking thing in the middle I
mean I doubt as real the quality of this
looked absolutely atrocious any currency
if it breaks there you go I'm really not
getting my money's worth what I feel
like they're trying to do is I'm like
putting fake expensive things and to try
and trick you that it's like Wafaa and
they're just stealing your money please
subscribe to my channel help me get 2
million subscribers and give this video
a like and a thumbs up and leave a
comment down below and tell every single
person you know to watch it because um
yeah I don't think I profit from my
videos any more family to feed and here
we have wait through it's a necklace and
as a little heart on the end and Alice's
tiny little diamond in the middle I
don't think I trust it probably from H&M
it's a pearl necklace and the pearls
obviously aren't real because because
why would they they just want my money
just getting out of hand
I plugged it up so it's just me who
never buys stuff like that like you'll
find yourself in a foreign country and
it's like oh my phone's
kind of dead how do I charge it I don't
I have to pay all of my life savings to
charge my phone in the foreign land
because I was too incompetent to get a
travel adapter when I was at home oh
okay we have a rechargeable
phone charger Oh a power pack I
there's nothing left in the vault wait
there is something left in the box there
is nothing left in the box and it
doesn't have anything to actually charge
this with so that's kind of useless and
finally I really don't want to touch a
single earring this is a real diamond
it hasn't gone Kon it hasn't gone
comment I'm not touching that it was
narrowing take my word for it I don't
care if you never believe me anyway oh
my god it's so light it's so light it's
so light please be a minimap book you
know what here can you be an iPad or an
iPhone 3GS I'll take anything right now
I'm desperate what a surprise wait I
completely ignored that that is a Gucci
bag in here though and it has something
in it a Gucci bag okay
let's open this up come on spread that
bag open for me daddy
please be a Gucci t-shirt this is from
boohoo calm
thank you for watching today's video as
you can tell I am having an existential
crisis my bank account is also having a
crisis if you would like to subscribe
please hit the red button below I hope
you have enjoyed today's video because I
sure didn't please enjoy this time-lapse
of me burning cloves because I'm sad
peace out
subscribe to Kiera Bridget or die
it's that easy well maybe not die but
your parents won't love you anymore
he said that didn't work
