I love my bank account I mean my
subscribers
hi wow I love surprises and I'm sure you
do too unless you have like crippling
anxiety or something like that
idk don't get deep on me but anyway I'm
about to share with you quite possibly
one of the damnedest thing I've ever
done and I do that much
but before I do that I would like to
give a little speech thank you to my
parents gametes are fusing together in
such a way to create such a beautiful
species thank you to my right leg for
shattering into a million pieces and
making me bored enough to start this
storage and lick blood thank you to
everyone I have social kind over the
past year and quite honestly thank you
to like you thank you for liking me I
find it really weird that people
actually like me I really haven't done
that much to try to prove to you that I
really do try to be a good person so
thank you for consistently seeing
through the sarcasm narcissism and
self-loathing all the ones let's get
into it cycle with I'll sing about
10,000 years I'm finally announcing that
I am releasing a diss track just kidding
it's much love and it looks like this
just kidding that's not right you can't
buy here at local confessional I love
you soon just kidding well it looks like
this and this and this just kidding
I need to kill myself and just in case
that wasn't enough it looks like all of
this - and you can get it now you can
even pretend it's free when you buy it
you feel as guilty about stealing a
parent's credit card what a bargain and
just in case you thought the phone
stopped there as well this isn't just a
t-shirt with my face on it or my name on
it like every other youtuber ever every
other YouTube is it thinks people were
working so say so on I mean yeah there
is one with my face if you're into that
but I really wanted to make much that
anyone could wear without having to
explain while you're wearing it I get a
lot of the MS and people and messages
and people saying hey care is my best
friend's birthday I didn't want to get
them plate out and I personally am very
bad a gifting bitch you better know that
I know what to give people now you can
ask yourself hmm
are they inter means because then this
would be a perfect gift very cool and it
comes in a variety of colors to suit
girls boys and horses Wow inclusion
there's also a really cool rainbow one
because you know everyone's dank you can
laugh at funny memes no matter who you
are because it's cool to be you and it's
cool to wear my match to feeling
self-loathing or what
for a little shade this track design
will do the trick just fine
wow that rhymed probably because I'm
spitting fire in fact however for some
reason as of you like really like me and
will be more than proud to let me cover
your body or wall most likely you're
underage body as well that's right
that's right you can send your parents
money or me no matter how old you are
anyway for the hardcore stance this one
is for you it is also for creepy old man
like my face this also could be for 13
year old boys you comment on my videos I
just have volume all the way down and
look at our face and we're population I
don't judge thanks for compliments I see
we have this beautiful tribal design it
displays a wild Doge living life being a
meme but oh wait it's me yeah bitches
i'm doge now live in the dream i just
think it's really cute and creepy and
disturbing you should wear and buy it
next we have me need to say more yes i
do need to say more buy it spend your
money on it
make me rich enough to be able to afford
my own march i think oh she's like and
lastly we have shameless self-promoter
in its truest form just buy it already
and that design also comes in poster
form like every other design so you can
stick it on your wall or your dog or
something idk just spread the word
preach Jesus hallelujah
okay go buy it okay you bought it if you
do happen to buy it
screen show some confirmation or
something like that or you wearing it
and send me a picture it's somewhere on
Instagram or Twitter or a tattoo it's
your body and metal skin to my house and
I really care and I'll be 10 out of 10
trying to follow and retweet and like
everyone that does that or even better
if I don't do that I'm going to be
trying to make everyone who does that
the video shout out to let your next few
weeks while I March is like poppin boy
yeah it is quite honestly the least I
can do to give back to you guys for
making me a baller
again on the boring part the company I
was doing much with there's 70 a few
samples already and wow I love it I have
so many t-shirts with prints on the
after the first where it's just like
peeling off I don't know if you thought
just happened if my camera moves up
quiet but you can just tell that's not
going to happen here look at how
beautiful the cons are it's so good and
will strangle myself with it another
thing is the pricing of a lot of YouTube
as much it's absolutely ridiculous
sometimes you see like a plain white
t-shirt with one
here in the corner and you'll pay like
40 for it and it's not your bitch let me
do that hundred dollars it's just like
really hard to get a nice balance
between price point and make quality I
want everyone who like wants it to be
able to afford it but like also to be
worth it so that if you saved up for it
then it's not gonna be that good
so yeah the price point for what you get
is like mmm
get on out shipping also seems great
because sometimes youtubers make you
wait like a thousand months while you're
here like two months to get there much
and that's just disgusting oh yeah I
think colors are customizable too and
finally I need to give a shout out to
all of the people who like help me on
there certainly these two designs I came
up with the concept of me as Doge I made
a little sketch and needs to people made
it a masterpiece Mona Lisa who pitch and
there is amazing artists who
legitimately drew this with his hands
like wow go follow them and love them
and be like hey thanks to that good
I am beyond grateful it just goes to
show I should stop being so not cystic
because I literally could not do
anything by myself
so yeah thank you for everything make it
felt like you go church ah
bye
