you can't expect to squish like seven
complete strangers together and expect
them to be friends it's videos about why
they hate kids
hi so first of all I'd like to point out
the hair yeah I know none of us wanted
this out and it was a mistake I'm going
to trying to chase out that just not
talk about it and that's why today I am
creating a video for you which involves
it possibly as a little looking at me as
possible
and that is why I'm going to be reacting
to the submission so the cloud channel
trash that I was on which tragically
ended because uh Wow sure trash was
quite actually trash I'm going through
watching submissions from people to
audition and didn't get in because I
mean look at me though he just kidding
Loki not I'm also going to be reacting
to my submission and people who actually
work like got into trashes audition be
interesting so they could click that and
then I'm going to talk about what
happened because I get questions
literally every day like what happened
to trash is trash dead and like it's a
little bit obvious but okay yeah I'll
explain and then we never talk about it
ever again and just a little disclaimer
this isn't me being like all like cocky
like I'm above this I hate that channel
I mean yeah I didn't like it I'll be
honest but you can't expect to squish
like seven complete strangers together
and expect them to be friends it's kind
of like Big Brother you watch Big
Brother you put them all together and
like at least a couple of them flush all
of them hate each other it's just a
little bit like that it was a good idea
in concept and it got me to like such a
great place which I'm very thankful but
it didn't really work out next first of
all I'm going to be reacting to Klutch
channel submissions of people who didn't
get into the channel or like on the
channel this was like what about year
ago now and I have watched like quite a
few of them that are on YouTube because
obviously I was insecure I didn't think
I was going to get picked
I had like so few subscribers compared
to like everyone else who is auditioning
I had like 50k like 20k already I mean
you know I mean so I've watched them all
to compare myself to them and like live
up society standards support comedian
should be and yeah it's been a while now
also I can't
most of the first of all that's watch is
wrong called Tana mojo collab channel
permission shad fast okay and play no
I'm not repeating what game is now I
know you're gonna that I'm not like oh
okay
what's up welcome to the next video as
you can see from the title below this is
what we make submission video for ten
emojos collab channel so I guess with
all that said let's go ahead and get
into the sarcastic piece of shit
basically tennis looking for a few
people to make this super rad collab
Tosa
there's no hey Wes please can you see
that I'm filling my denim oh just the
loud Channel audition video because I
can see that you have few hands in the
threads I'm concerned only take one too
fuck yourself but before so root anyway
unless your today is basically if you
don't want the subs on this video it's
ladies why we would be a really good fit
for this collab channel it is money they
also look absolutely this conscious
laughing it I'm a big place people
saying to myself you know yeah oh yeah
and she's oh she's like looking for
people who are real and like funny and
you know like nothing really good and I
think it's kind of obvious I'm the most
real estate you've ever met
I mean have talked about dating direct
but so true
0:01
fully so true and of course Tana is
looking for somebody to result a really
good story well let me tell you I don't
know what college kid joseph's college
without at least 100 good stories
results
I mean remember that one time I
disappear I'm table in the center of
campus just for not into video I wasn't
good life all right so let's just give
this up me sit there at your resources I
think you should pick me for this collab
channel because it's under it was a girl
shit what a mistake but it's a lot of
effort is that everything that I do and
I just want to Dennis message you know
which is genuinely funny I'm going to
like link or the fuse in the description
because they can lock these people were
just like ah like so greatly if it was
my child channel I would wife I speak if
it was my collab channel I would have
picked up and probably not you can put
myself on it this next one I'm going to
watch is by Tati Oliver and I actually
remember her because I really talk like
a bit like back in the day like when we
were both auditioning for the channel
like okay if you have do you have you
heard anything about the channel yet no
I haven't have you know I haven't have
you
no I haven't how it sucks and like I
genuinely thought this goes but like she
had it in the back and I was like social
and so I shook it to the coral it I'm
what okay I was not ready I what I'm
talking my design was probably hanging
at the edges around where we started
over - whoa nearly 15 years ago ice
lizards just of Hannah's vagina here's a
live photo
no okay it's never ever ever go out in
public like I will embarrass you to the
living Wow sorry here jump I'll break
those two ah no I probably fall I lay on
my girlfriend and we're sitting on the
table right right neither laughing edge
devour everywhere in the cheek hop out
of her chair not John houses words a lot
credence economy and I die I'm not
saying I did possessed but I was
possessed
so hard dukale of me
live it yeah yes so like I was a little
bit like it can model the munchies in
the epic and from fact cut to little
story time about being chosen to this
channel
obviously I'm so like nervous and like
excited like the pictures channel B
usually saving money you know what I
mean
however I was almost like a hundred
percent certain I was in getting there's
people like oh she's going to get it and
I was like no I'm not
I didn't think my submission was that
great I didn't really think I was that
great and never thought I was funny I
never thought I was like had potential I
was basically that person like
throughout my life I always like when
positions my tried out for things I just
never got picked for anything like no
one ever wanted me like I went to a
theater school right for a long time and
I did musical theater and I would never
get a good part and I was always so
salty because like it wasn't bad and I
don't know I don't know so I was just
completely shook it when I go kick
because I was like not really picked me
for anything before ever in my life
that's a lot of that word so when I did
get picked
I caught a glittery like and month off
everyone else I was like the last
edition and I checked my DM I was like
in the car on the way to like somewhere
in England like far away in like a film
and as I was about to get out of the car
to go into the hotel I checked my the
end and I got a DM and this is like a
little bit of like a high pot for Jordan
right here but Jordan is now my manager
which thinking about is like kind of
weird because I was low-key like a
Jordan's down because I we feel like a
hardcore Thomas Mann like before this I
know who Jordan was so forth on
Instagram I thought he was like kind of
funny and see him in a snapchat play huh
yeah and then like que quiera have you
gotten any female sucks Hannah's cloud
channel and I replied no I haven't I'll
check right now and they're checked and
it had an email and I was just like okay
yeah it's kind of crazy how things just
happen
I don't get appreciated very much for
that's on the first time anyway next one
the next one I'm going to watch at an
emotional submission brackets that that
was flopped trying to say PG let play
Jana or in weird occasions my sister's
playing a new background it's super lab
I love you kids
first off I just want to say your idea
of a collab channel is honestly like
probably one of the coolest ideas that
I've ever seen it's just so cool and
really well I like it a lot to me to be
a part of it because I really want to be
like a youtuber and I want it to be a
youtuber ever since I was like 12
there's literally like embarrassing
videos of me when I was 12 that I can't
delete and they're like on YouTube and
say and being around my house they're so
important on the holiday
so yeah ever since I was like little I
would always go myself and I always had
this dream of being a youtuber and I
think you're a collab Channel and a way
for like small youtubers to help me
through like dream of becoming and
growing on YouTube come true and I think
that's honestly like such a great idea
and it's so nice and really like how the
audibility and I'm like super excited to
see how this channel comes out I'm sure
it's going to be amazing and I'm going
to share a story with you about this guy
from my school and I'm just going to say
this like super fast since I don't win
this video to be super long but there
was a guy at my school and he asked me
to go to the movies with him this wasn't
awesome so I said yes and then after
that he asked me to go to the sewers
with him and sewers I didn't help
ordinance of the sewer there's like this
area where it's literally like the sewer
that a lot of people go there to take
pictures again and then you go to school
puppies from the raps on there and died
okay the next one I'm going to watch
advice youtuber called don't be a sad
panda
and I was actually already subscribed to
her before I watched this audition video
and I'm starting confusing so it sounds
like you already have like kind of like
100k subscribers or something like that
that's really weird I'm r3 confused but
anyway I still thought this Cup
because I feel like she has a big enough
type form already that it was get like
and not fuse already and it was like the
easily notice you know I mean I'm not
going to lie I'm really nervous
hi guys Adria and for today's video I am
auditioning for tanomo Joe's collab
channel I'm gonna try to talk really
fast because two minutes is not enough
for Adrian rambly mouth if you're new
here I know I have a bunch of new
subscribers lately hey I'm Adria I need
videos about stories advice experiences
trying out products trying to adult
whenever people ask me what kind of
videos I make I'm just like really I
don't know I'm almost 23 years old
saying about retirement uh my birthday
is coming up August 3rd woo recently had
actually been thinking about making a
glass channel for myself for a while
because I was a part of one a few years
ago and I loved it so when I heard about
this I was like I was like okay real
quick I try my hardest to be my real
self on YouTube to not put a barrier
between me and my subscribers because I
think of you guys as a family because I
don't have a big family the fact that I
really like this video like it was
really good and that you watch it I
thought she was so cute and if it was
like so relatable to me however
listening to listening to it right now
and not sure off it's a video or if it's
just my headphones because easily kind
of cheap fake Apple ripoff I'm not sure
if it's that there's like a weird
bundling sound in background this kind
of Italy Mayor John so mmmm okay now I
reacted to for like character
submissions from people who like didn't
get on the channel who like I actually
thought were like quite good contestants
for the sport back in my day like people
who I definitely thought were like ahead
of me I'm going to move on and react to
people from trash I still don't know
what anyone saw in me that video was
just something else anyway now I'm going
to give you a little process like a
little backstory a little story time
about this video I was so bad back in
the day like no one was watching me so I
kind of just said whatever I wanted and
I didn't really care to do like fancy
editing like cutting out any of like my
word mess-ups you know how sometimes I
go to speak and I go like
like I can't speak I never bothered
doing that back then because I thought
later on watching others it even matter
that young people are watching the super
simple go to my school or probably
making fun of me
I don't care and when I stole this video
I didn't have like a plan I didn't have
anything planned out of what I was going
to say so I sat down just in front of my
camera worked out my tremor someone
tweeted me saying you should do this
like I wasn't going to do this and
someone tweeted me like you should do
this and I sat down with my camera and I
remember was footage being like way over
10 minutes long when this videos only
treatment I just kept saying stuff and I
uploaded this like reupload it so many
times to try and get a perfect I said
upload it like I listed see something I
didn't like and ping that I'll do the
idea I didn't really film it I just kept
editing things out of it and like
editing things into it so crazy this is
just a year ago I'll get you hooked
twelve and now I look like 14 like at
least you know like and also with like
the hair like the hair that and their
hair is like similar which is crazy
because I went blonde I definitely
prefer being blonde it's more fun and I
look a lot like less dead but yeah so
was and this was like in the middle of
summer so it was really hot and my up
and it was sweating like crazy because
that's how I sweat out throughout my
armpit I like sweat from my upper lip
and it's so gross and that's what's
happening this video and I'm surprised
and what people didn't take off on not
honestly it was gross I don't sense in
this videos I could
anyway let's watch it that's cringe less
embarrass myself okay hi that's my so
recently you time emoji uploaded a video
today something about a little outfit or
whatever you say assign collab channel
when this is me asking you to like hey
can I be on your cloud channel because
that I'd be really cool and it'd be like
the coolest thing alone I would very
much like to do that now I'm not going
to pretend I'm not sweating right now
number one I'm really nervous I'm number
two it's like a thousand degrees and I
really really shouldn't leave my office
up I haven't shaved them either but yeah
it's like a thousand degrees and I'd
really watch much more much rather be
naked right now thank you so that's in
February I was skiing and I broke my leg
and I messed up really bad it's still
kind of broke into a tear
they deform they they say hi so I
started a YouTube channel
it's Idol fagner and got progressively
better I get where you're coming from
YouTube makes you so happy every single
video is like oh thank you so much for
making me happy like whatever YouTube to
say that again and now I have what like
nearly four hundred subscribers are in
my favor but it's kind of everything
because when I make a video being an
idiot like talking about how I do
nothing all day or telling the story
time about how creepy stalking a that
lives over the road to the focus my
mom's boobs yes you did oh yeah comments
and that people telling me they think
I'm pretty that they think I'm funny
they think I'm good at YouTube and they
just need more exposure and I think wow
that are so nice I don't believe a word
you're saying only one kind words to
penetrate my pussy I don't want all the
not so kind words to go out my anus and
then it makes you think how you muscle
you have it on a scale of a million
people that's crazy
I just want to like me share a little
bit of it so I'm going to be quite done
when people think of British youtubers
they think Oh like you go Ella like I'm
going to review this MacBook literally
Halle pot and they don't think of many
people who are like crazy outspoken
crazy like you are they're going to
think of people that tell cool story
times and do weird things and just
everything like I don't have a genre I
don't have a filter if I don't have many
things that have a life I don't really
have priorities I don't have a boyfriend
I don't have a Kylie lip kit that's
something I really want out I really
want to be on your culture the only one
thing though one thing is that I'm a
little bit scared to say fuck because if
I do my mother watches that you'll
actually beat my backside like I'm so
boring I tell you here but then you like
changed or notes and are we rolling out
so embarrassing huh right no one's
auditions that yeah that's it that's it
for the reacting I guess so before it's
over let's hashtag Stilton P let's
hashtag wait the actual T my room hold
up okay - it might be coffee in my shop
an old
still some tea or coffee I don't know
why did trash and funny story I don't
really know I think we all got to a
point where we just became unhappy I'm
not really sure why but a lot of the
audience from trash didn't really like
any of her I understand why at first but
then we slowly kind of revolved and we
slowly kind of became used to being
youtubers and learning what the right
thing to say was whereas in the
beginning I was just doing what was
working for me what I've been doing on
my channel to a really small audience
and what people found really funny and
like what people found funny in my club
channel edition I translated that into
my first ever trash video and I don't
know why but people seem to really hate
it and they said we were all
self-deprecating and self-loathing not
swearing enough positivity and people
kept trying to capitalize off making
videos about it about why they hate
quite literally hate kids who were like
between the ages of at the time 14 2017
and I thought that was quite sad bitch
no looking like you Eva 4 anywhere nigra
so it was kind of a put off right from
jump like straight away we all have like
are we really feeling this like it's
really disheartening when you put your
all into something and then people like
now I don't like it but you know what
overcome I have a great audience
on my channel right now which I say
thank you too and not because I'm too
busy being sarcastic and awkward and
cringe I'm so like grateful for that and
trash is a lot of the reasons that look
when you start out something in such as
bad mindset is really hard to progress
from there so we kind of won cash like
tiptoeing around the audience and trying
to please an audience we soon found that
no matter what we did was never going to
like and that was it really it became
really frustrating in the end to like
sacrifice so much for life like I was at
school and it was like such like a
pressure field time to keep up with the
main channel which is all of a sudden
just like exploded one from trash one
from how to get away with murder and
wanton finger rounding Pregnant's the
day absolutely sing about the pregnant I
gave like 20,000 subscribers in one
and it was like so overwhelming for me
and trying to keep up with the acting
part was the case I keep up of a collab
channel which I really wasn't a hundred
percent right in love with because it
was like trying to impress other
impossible people and it was just like
really weighing us all down because I
know we all felt the same way about it
and a lot of people or trash there's a
bit of team like a lot of us have and
have differences and so like at the end
of it like it's freaking social media
like I don't care like be a nice person
and people be nice that you like it's
really not that hard I don't know why
some people think it is at heart when
trash ended it was this big all of a
sudden thing and yeah I mean trash
lasted for around nine months and that's
like a whole pregnancy but you can have
grown a whole baby in that time and I'm
so grateful so thankful for the people
who kind of likely lifted me up like
shapes in the beginning I'm strict in
the beginning like hey you're great
you're going to go tasted like everyone
thought somewhere no one says YouTube
video it's girly come on I mean yeah but
like I said in the beginning you can't
stick that many people together and
expect them all to like each other or
all to be friends I'm still friends as
like a few people from the channel and
we probably are always going to be
friends through like social media and
for YouTube for everything but I think
it's just like a phase of all of our
lives
there's impact of so greatly on YouTube
and it's like to me anyways made me
realize that this is so much more than a
hobby if I wanted to be which is still
what it is and it's just a part of my
life so we're probably in a really look
back on one that I think wow that was
like crazy that was absolutely insane
like I'm so same person sitting in my
room and I forget that my life has even
changed in the slightest until I open up
Twitter and see that I have a bunch of
notifications things like hey Kara eat
my butthole you know in me and I think
oh wow that was that was crazy
well and yeah and kind of grateful for a
lot of stuff that talented to me the
confidence and the fact that like you
can literally like push through anything
I was kind of low after that first video
and like terrible reaction it received
and I think we all were and but I'm
still standing bitches zooms in
too far away yeah I guess too many
feelings now I'm going to go away I'm
going to go somewhere else so if you
enjoyed this video
believe me I'm not usually this
talkative and feelings that you like
don't get used to or anything and feel
free to subscribe to 10 years good luck
I'm feel free to unsubscribe for 10
years of terrible luck please thumbs up
this video and if we can get it to like
other night maybe 10,000 like I'll do a
video reacting to videos that we
actually uploaded on to the trash
channel and reacting like some of the
comments and like you know I'm talking
about like behind the scenes stuff it
would be really cool listen to me it is
over thanks guys for literally doing
something really cool for me most people
clicked away but now there's another if
I say something feelings II today's
special shaft how is going to this
little bitch so I have chosen to energy
I'm sorry I called you bitch okay bye
you
