I feel like this is almost an end of an
era this video contains a lot of stuff
that you guys might be interested in so
I would watch as much of it as possible
I'm not just saying not to increase my
watch time I am mask I care a bit
here bucket you've another video so
today um yeah nope to some this may seem
a little bit Kirra shut up however I
must state my case now I have been
incredibly busy with school recently as
have most people however I put an
immense amount of effort into school
well Kira Drive is something my blonde
yeah I know so of course that took away
time from making high-quality decent
good videos because even when I make
story times and tell stories about how
while I kill animals and watch people
get penetrated by hands I put an awful
lot of effort into those videos i sit
there and i script them all out ever so
perfectly - I know exactly what I'm
going to say because I have a tendency
to turn on camera
and forget or I'll be editing a video
and I think what I should have made such
a good Pinot stroke right there
I was infuriating therefore when I make
really dank videos they take such like a
long time to plan out and to film and to
make and to edit it mainly because I'm
slow and incompetent also because I'm a
human being
but yeah school's over below I have more
time just put into videos that are
actually going to be good and not
rubbish and not make me lose to hundreds
of 100s of subscribers every time I
upload one yeah I really hope that to
omean sites and just a quick hint this
video is going to be I've decided that
I'm going to make this video something
really clickbait see the complete
opposite of what the actual video is
about like something completely
unrelated because I want to get your
attention today so I would live
streaming on Instagram to actually have
time to do something and something was
like a cure I really like it when you
make up videos that you're really good
at makeup truth is I'm terrible at
makeup and rather than faking it like I
always do like look at me and become in
college and becoming GG has I thought
today I would just do what I do to go to
lubricate that face in fact Rach I don't
have anywhere nice to film right now so
I've literally hung a blanket this is
the green-screen this isn't some kind of
professional backdrop this is actually
the blanket that my dog speaks well I
mean it's my blanket that the dog sleeps
on is not supposed to sleep on he peed
on this before discussing my dogs also
such a racist it's not even funny
actually I might make that video so yeah
some things are going to be changing
things have changed for me
I don't think see bigger and I want
things to better Hey and I just I did
that I'm not going to go anywhere this
summer I'm going to put every single
ounce of my energy into YouTube into
getting more people here to have fun and
ultimately what I've decided my aim is
is to try and bring the old YouTube back
in Fiat old
11-year old Cara sitting in front of her
webcam making fake YouTube videos that
one day she would be in the same
position as those people that I looked
up through so much and I thought would
like the coolest most famous people in
the world I would have believed you like
um when I would have believed you I mean
I had a big ego even back then but also
another thing is I loved the Internet my
whole life like yes some great things on
there two girls one cup cat videos you
know back when I was like 11 or 12
people for I was so weird for being into
that because it was one plate no one
else was like I had a couple of select
friends who also liked it and he also
watched like youtubers that I did and it
wasn't really called apart from that I
was quite the outsider I mean I still am
a part of I'm cool now and I have boobs
kind of but now I'm actually in that
position and people are telling me that
I am kind of cool for like being in this
position and that people are probably
telling other people who watch my videos
that they are like not cool for watching
my videos like it's a never-ending cycle
it's a vicious cycle and you know what I
liked what I like I did what I did and
I'm here where I wanted to be where's
everyone else I don't know probably
getting sat or something so yeah so
before I embark on this mission that is
the advice I'm going to tell you few
should probably not going to get much
after this it's like like what you like
do what you like
unless unless it says genitalia that is
not giving consent then don't don't do
that
are the changes and here are the goals
that I am going to try and make this
summer
number one upload more I'm going to try
and figure out our upload schedule and I
haven't thought about it yet so what in
editing I'm going to put the upload
schedule on the screen right now and if
you weren't paying attention we're like
using this is white noise you actually
need to go back and look and maybe like
clicking that way although you know I
mean however I'm going to need your help
with it a lot of you guys are ten times
more creative than I'll ever be and you
know what sometimes I am kind of
creative then other times my brain gets
so worn out of thinking of just so many
things at one time that I have kind of
creative block and whenever I think
about something my mind just kind of
goes like a fuzzy TV screen right so is
this book it's very difficult so I've
decided I'm going to implement a new
system where evil from Instagram from
YouTube or from Twitter or snapchat even
maybe not really no it's not that not
like such a I'm going to that really
weird thing where youtubers like gifts
on a shout out the end of each video
like thanks for watching your cool love
me like thanks for watching your call
thanks and salad they see me as a person
thanks for making me rich you know I
mean yeah and also I think is really
cool because I think if I was in that
position and someone who I like really
likes on YouTube even though it it's
different now was like hey thanks for
watching specifically targeted at me I'd
be like whoa crazy and it's kind of an
incentive to get you more involved and
also to get me more likes and comments
and followers like I'm not even gonna
lie I feel like most youtubers would be
like it's because I love you guys they
value your input however this may change
but the way this is going to happen is
that you're going to comment is that if
you want to be considered for like that
video shout out or something or whatever
so kind of you probably want is that you
have to comment a video that you want to
see me do like one you genuinely want to
see me do so not like any ages on a Q&A
link just call me a story like man makes
me as a moral and look that like not
something you would genuinely like to
see me do because if I like it
all the credit will be yours because I
I just I just kind of want to get the
people that watch me who like me who
somehow validate me as a human being in
many ways to kind of feel more involved
because I feel I feel exactly the same
as how I felt before YouTube apart from
now we have like 40,000 Instagram
followers and before I had like too
nothing has changed apart from that I
still rot away in my room like a
freaking onion every single day of my
life I don't go anyway still don't have
too many friends and and I still have
disproportionate limbs what can I say
however if I don't end up using a viewer
video idea in that video I'll just pick
someone who's kind of like stood out to
me who I see being really active or
someone who's like following me or
someone you like mentions me a little
song you ask me a lot so I'm really just
are something really cool because you
only see like two seconds of my day
when I'm actually being like hyperactive
and I'm being incredibly fake in the
grand scheme of things like I don't talk
to people in real life like this I'm or
this it enthusiastic about my
conversation I just kind of sit there
like so I am having kind of like a down
day or whatever and I go onto each other
someone says something with me and it
like makes me laughing like genuinely
makes me happy because not everyone has
like you kind of support system around
them for one nice or sad or when I feel
like like my butt's on fire and I want
to be able to thank you in not a cringy
I love you kind of wait because we all
know I'm not really him to have that so
I thought we have two things I've
decided is going to change we're going
to have an upload schedule and we're
also going to do that cool thing where I
like say hey thanks for watching thanks
for giving me this cool idea to validate
you and 2008 me because fans what I'm
the one that blog it is what I can do
aware I can go who I can make collab
with even like youtubers in kind of the
London England area that you'd really
love me to go out with that would be
amazing I want to do more of that other
system that would be so much fun
I can pre wid and lose even more friends
and make even more people dislike me in
thirdly I'm going to set a goal I'm
going to circle to grow as much as
possible over the summer
it's been great with you guys in this
small little room you know just a few
people just like this tiny little
gathering that we have but I think I am
ready to just upgrade Allah I think I'm
ready to jet for level Fame it's every
day where I was I'm so Logan can we talk
about him so what make me famous bitches
like okay I need some kind of indicator
over whether I'm doing a good job or not
whether I should continue or whether
this isn't to me because I'm being a
Libra right now I'm being indecisive
only again blame my problems on my star
sign ah
and I know I've been saying this for 10
years but the much is calling this song
I've had so many like setbacks with
they're all marching and I always used
to discredit youtubers all speak I
always used to be like oh my god merch
is making avoid justice ain't that one
people was like oh my gosh matches so
like is no such a struggle I would be
like we are not making it but it's
stressful you do have those of people
asking you like hey where's your much
like I want your much and then it just
takes a long time to everything to
happen and people just think like a long
time and it's just a really long process
and I've been waiting to so many things
from lots of different faces and the
note this summer much is happening so
yeah thank you this is probably going to
be the last time you see a very calm
video for a while so thanks for sticking
around I feel like this is almost an end
of an era because I'm just I'm ready to
do more than be boring and uninteresting
and I'm funny and I'm deserving and I
hope you will stick with me through this
it's kind of a jump but whatever so yeah
leave your comments leave your ideas
leave your thoughts about anything down
there I am going to be checking them out
and replying to some of them and leaving
my thoughts because I genuinely want to
open up some kind of conversation
because as much as youtubers say I'm
just doing what I love you have to give
the people what the people want and that
is my plan I'm going to dedicate next
few months to giving you guys exactly
what you want not porn
please I'm just seeing where it takes me
sounds good I'm gonna go wipe off all
this makeup now bye
