I must accept any outfit at any price
200 euros I am going to need you
my boyfriend pick out my underwear hi
what's up what I am or scoochie all very
fitting for this video kind of I hope
not anyway you may be wondering hey Cara
you're outside of your regular setting
that we see all of the time because you
never leave your house and you have no
friends and I cannot die alone
I could keep really fast anyway I am
currently in Paris coincidentally the
city of love too bad no one loves me
correct me good thing I love myself
currently I am with my male friend and
myself - I think I'm Darren kinder
adequately I'm wearing a little skirt my
little butt kind of hanging out I just
have a controversial fashion zone
actually no I don't have a fashion sense
which is why Morgan I need your help
today and I'm pretty much just gonna
give him my card and take him shopping
bear in mind there is an array of shops
here in Paris very very expensive one so
that when I bet he dumped him for being
irresponsible
I'll be able to get a new boyfriend wear
these okay let's go get out of bed
walking get out
you
Hey
come here what why oh wait on sit sit
sit
no shit I care a Brigette queen of
clickbait thank you if I agree that I
must accept any outfit at any price mr.
mopes Cana Hudson presents find Tara
I'll get loads of views how many views
millions a third dog as you can see
Morgan is in his natural habitat doing
things for himself
I'm not staying on task he's found a
1000 euro coat he likes and he wants pie
to be honest carry your video isn't
going too well is it like two hours I
bought something you haven't bought
anything I have not I don't have
anything I think you'll have to do
something about it oh look it's the
female version of mine it's got like a
black fur hood and everything that is
really nice what did you like mine yeah
yeah well Cara this one Oh
1200 euros it's a bit too much for your
price range you can buy it for me Oh see
um
otherwise my also you can buy it I
remember this video was boyfriend picks
my outfits by not boyfriend buys my art
- so how would you feel about maybe
buying this oh wait you don't have a
choice yeah I want to be mad about it
but I'm not seriously both us a lot of
money I know you you know getting these
brand deals yeah yeah there is excuse me
I think she I think she wants care are
you excited too much let me see a while
Tara she's making a big financial
decision this can be a big regret we see
her in a natural habitat she's laughing
the cow is there she's clearly copying
me the fashion icon here she goes
this is a nice this is
except for kids live everybody please
subscribe to a channel and like the
video and she's gonna need some extra
money Kara
it's the moment of truth are you ready
okay I don't like doing this actually no
I like doing this too much one light
equals warm prayer but Cara's bank
account
yeah this isn't going well maybe we
should get those that dress over the her
so Kara what happened oh gosh yup later
we have had two drinks and one meal
after buying the la berry the last a
very extravagant purchase and we're only
just getting started
and I'm about to show you guys what
ground we have to cover
I don't think I've ever seen anything
that's big in my life
so for margins I've never seen anything
this big in my life let's get started I
guess hey Nick have you seen anything
you feel like forcing me to practice
well I'm looking around I'm it all looks
pretty yummy how do I put this expensive
thing I've already done a lot of damage
damage to a bank account I think i'ma go
easy on you
you know what you've had the big
purchase now I'm thinking we go
somewhere a little less expensive a
little bit more trendy and a little bit
more how I say this maybe they're more
revealing - in places like one of my
thumbnails exactly and we have found it
Lord and Savior your bank account has
just been saved that is true
holy jesus look at this Berko you know
what Cara I'm making the decision right
now you're getting it dude I already
have that oh hey Morgie I really like
this this is so cute it's like fluffy
wow that's so nice I mean I really like
it
yeah I gained from getting it Shh I'm
only joking it looks like school uniform
we have started strong my dude we have
the 1,200 that we right I bought that
you make and then we have the shirt
which I really like it's like dainty and
fluffy and I feel like a real go for
lunch kind of hanging off me
and there's a ghost I don't make the
ghost like the outfit it covers all the
right bits not really it's totally
see-through but what do you think how do
you find your outfit you buy pants by
the way I have no underwear on well just
for that I'm gonna give it a 10 out of
10 okay we get to go out
you know anything else you like you make
the weirdest faces this is kind of I
don't hate it oh my gosh
Morgan it reaches the floor no it's all
good no it reaches the floor I'm gonna
lean on you or the Undertaker 65
oh no Horry least it's not 1200 what
does it st. Cara it kind of looks like
something the Undertaker would wear um
you know what let's complete the outfit
right now yep
what do we know I refuse to put on my
head like a spoon too bad they go
masters first outfit it is oh my god
Kiera 40 pounds ground hey Cara these
will go well with your personality and
the red dress hey maples we are
currently in the on D web section and I
am going to need you my boyfriend to
pick out my underwear I said that
dramatically because it's a cake fit
intro hey if you can can you um pick out
a bar that's a bit you know not working
with much it anything right you never
seen it brought before
okay make sure we've got these pick a
top that you like a bikini one
preferably you know one currently back
at the hotel and realized we have a
slight problem we're about to go
swimming I whipped out the bikini out to
try it on and I just by chance happen to
look at the sizes and we kind of forgot
to pick out my size extra small isn't
gonna um okay my fish what the panties
even though I'm a pretty fishy
individual follow me on Instagram I'm
gonna put over the picture of me being
thick this is
I'm a kind of you know this is a tiny
bit too small does it stop if I play
away or just fit on my way
next up on do I make or anything you
like well yeah these granny ones a
granny one yeah oh I don't know and are
you Annie blah to match come on show us
all wow this is a you know I'm a really
big fan of your wrestling I don't like
this I don't want to go outside in this
I don't want to do anything in this I
want to burn it however the underwear
underwear is quite nice you know the
bride doesn't do anything but it takes a
lot to do anything you know I mean and
the underwear you know it's underwear
it's comfy but overall I want to die
later Morgan let me keep this bit snappy
because the quality is absolutely
unbearable because they wouldn't let me
film in Sephora so I had to sneak some
on my phone and something bad happened
okay cool but basically I let Morgan
pick my makeup and it didn't go well
turns out Morgan accidentally picked up
a tester eyeliner also turns out it's
Marc Jacobs he managed to pick up Marc
Jacobs eyeliner and I've just gotten
back to the tail to continue checking
out all be done I got the disaster warm
Dan okay thank you for putting up with I
promise I'll never do it again
Who am I kidding it's me of course I'll
do it again a very small expensive bag
of makeup compared to the variation of
colors absolutely do not correlate and
we also have a formless headbands which
we bought earlier on in the video but it
broke before we even got back so I guess
I'm just an evil unicorn and somehow I
have to create a look of nothing I'll
have you know I am absolutely terrible
at makeup classes I do the same thing to
my face every single day I don't
being thrown out of my comfort zone and
you know what today I feel a little bit
too far out of my comfort zone and we're
still not even done with the Allison's
thankfully he gravitated towards the
slightly cheaper section for salvation
and even if you're born you don't care
about makeup
you're gonna care about this because
this is literally the shade this is the
same color as my white shirt to my eyes
in my subjective me too this is suppose
in fact my warm head-to-toe body suit in
the Sun and bought everything box on
blogs it is true this pick one shiny
color and 295 I want the black and for
the money I want the brown and the wine
so just the most neck clothes ever yeah
this isn't good this is really bad not
because even happening punch me in the
face
yeah the most disgusting muddy makeup
tutorial in the whole world I kind of
just changes when it's not cheesy
oh I don't even know like know what to
say about this what makes you think that
this was like gonna be okay in the
slightest I think it looks great
I seriously don't know I'm not being
sarcastic I think it looks great like a
dead pass who died from like contracting
a deadly disease from doing unholy
things to Smurfs my I know like someone
has died from internal bleeding from
their eyeballs
those were worth
know what I'll give it a solid a our
turn would kiss okay do it right okay
yeah mom you know what Kara I've been a
little bit mean so far I've got you a
weird-looking robe yeah a massive
expensive coat now I'm gonna try and get
you a cute outfit it's pink
those lips you know he's like yeah their
panties hurt big on their booty shorts
no they'll be great for the fun now okay
hey before anything that can go with
them hmm the thing is everything's quite
foggy yeah but oh yo 2 for 14 Oh
those lost Topsy picked out I really
like them I thought they were cute they
kind of looked like basic bitch
everything that I wear every single day
but he's told me that he's found
something funnier what does that say
Morgan read it out loud you know what
cura the coat hangers Kyra I've got the
perfect thing to top off all these
wonderful new outfits what's that then
my dog there you go it's not gonna be a
dog it's gonna be you wait here what are
you doing
Kyra hey hey hey okay I'll get this one
instead if you really hate it that much
oh my god where's she going now 160
euros guys please smash alike and
subscribe I'm only gonna profit off this
video so far if it gets two free million
views you do it for me okay
I'm going to sleep now thank you for
watching this video I'm very tired I
spent way too long filming this they
lost way too much money and I am sad
about that ball so happy because you've
watched till the end face
I couldn't think of anything I was happy
about though okay so subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
