hi this is very impulsive this is not
like me actually it kind of is it's very
late at night I don't know what the time
is I have my little special on Dora
cream on to make me slightly less ugly
and it's just not a good time your life
it's just not a good it's just not a
good time I'm actually kneeling on the
floor so today you know I'm in bed I'm
laying my mother comes in like Satan
crawling up from hell to my bedroom with
an object in a box hey hey Kyra I just
got back I didn't even know she was gone
like that's how asleep I was like it she
could have gotten very very far or she
could have gone to the Galapagos for all
I know she keeps saying she wants to go
there comes in has me this little box
saying oh all the kids are playing with
this I thought that you might want it to
the man in the shop said you'll like
this
and I was like does he know my life come
on and so she drove me his little box
and I don't really care she hands me
this apparently this is the thing that
all the kids are playing with personally
I don't get it though she has it's me
this is a really deep reconstruction
let me imitate her hair Oh Kyra the kids
are playing with this you should pay for
too
kara don't disregard everything crazy
do you ever it's really fun you should
play with it the man the shop said you
can do tricks with it okay I pick it up
I know it looks like you can pretty much
only do one thing with this
quick question to the kids the cool kids
the kids who would up with the trends I
thought I had a short attention span
what level of invalid do you have to be
to be amused by this and I keep
giveaways for them on Instagram like how
many retweets for free one of these
spinny things you can construct your own
one of these with your own two hands I
just don't get it this isn't a stress
relief this is stress causing because
the first time you eat it you can't
stock on your hand and it's just so
extra cut someone please explain to me
this is shit I don't get it
here's a slow-motion replay stop calling
me
by nine Cree
