I mean okay hi everyone my age in this
country that I live in right now the t1
is probably dealing with the stress of
exams unless you don't care I know a lot
of people who don't get including myself
I mean I do care
oh my kidding so you know our video is
there going to be a bit BTech recently
but therefore I haven't done in Q&A and
while I think people like you aid did I
put how can I make a Q&A interesting
because everyone always asks what's your
favorite color and make yet you really
want to know that don't you I'm sure you
do so I asked on touch a few guys to ask
me questions the YouTube is never answer
you know the ones that you choose get
asked a lot and then they're just like
nope sorry that's not happening not
today Satan I'm giving in to the
requests today and telling you things I
maybe get sued to telling you I don't
know how the law work active Livius and
you can't be persecuted you can you
definitely can the first one in like
99.9% of the questions is how much money
do you make like I know this is probably
gonna be my click vote so I might as
well put it first because I'm going to
getting dislike him okay I don't know
what I can say I don't really know why I
can't say like I don't read the
regulations surrounding this like I
don't know if I'm going to be held in
front of a firing squad
you know so I'm going to put it like
this someone that gets my views with my
subscribers I mean not my subscribers
but just so I'm gonna get my views I'm
dinner to probably rent an apartment a
very small one in an area that no one
wants to live in and have spaghetti
every day and probably maybe like three
dogs take that how you please if I
didn't live with my mother and she
wasn't like buying me the necessities
and we're 16 year old females needs then
I'd be homeless probably I can I know I
spend money like this I have known is
your hair natural oh yeah it's so
natural
this is sona can we see your birth
certificate offer and think a four-team
about the proof so have you dated any of
YouTube's and who know and never will I
think Alice Lee horrible
like imagine working the same job as the
person that you're with that must be so
tedious like you'd have pretty much the
same friends and you'd be doing kind of
like the same thing even though YouTube
can very
no-tell know I joke and I'd hit someone
I took from anyone do you feel
embarrassed to being known as youtuber
yeah yeah kind of say I'm at a party or
I'm in a social situation and I meet
someone there just for his friends who
trance - all right this is care of she's
a youtuber she has 150,000 subscribers
that's not 150 K by the way will help
much soon and I'll be like why did you
say that because now this person isn't
going to want to know me as a person
they're probably going to be like wow
like the first thing that goes into
anyone's head whether they're like
superficial will not is oh well she must
be interesting and that you know I mean
not I'll befriend her because I like her
as a person and it annoys me it really
annoys it people do that what I like
film me play announce it to large groups
of people and like okay like people here
five teachers at school and I'm like
okay right it felt a cliff by you know
do you ever wish you want one um yeah I
know I don't know like I really like it
and I really like everything that comes
with it but to me school is more
important and a lot of people know this
I don't want YouTube to be my job I if
it turns out to be that way no not
really liking it I'm sure but I'm more
of a believer or not academic person I
actually genuinely enjoy school and I do
good at school and I want to go to uni
and I want to get a job and be smart and
rich and maybe not this way I might give
up on this one day you never know it
depends I feel I get a point of no
return with YouTube where you just get
so big that you can't go back but hey
that's not going to happen and a really
serious question and though you probably
won't be able to answer it as it may
make you uncomfortable but Pepsi or coke
oh my gosh Coke Pepsi oh my gosh this is
your tape Pepsi this is your tape have
you ever lied about source I have never
lied about story time I've never made up
a story or anything like that the things
I told stories about have happened to me
however someone else asked on scales I
want to turn how often to lie in videos
and I
going to have to say like a two and a
half because I can't say every detail of
thing that happens in a story because
maybe it'll give away from information
that someone else would be uncomfortable
with me putting out there maybe like I
don't want someone to know something you
know like I have to every youtuber does
if you have to change things in a way
that doesn't give away things you don't
want people to know it like with every
story that you want to tell there is
just going to be this massive chunk of
personal information in there do you
need to get rid of if there is a lie
it's never like anything dramatic it's
just like a cover story you know I mean
in fact it's probably less dramatic yeah
one youtuber you really hate well would
you put youtube if you couldn't make
money off it
oh that's a deep question um no I
wouldn't quit I don't know because with
everything
YouTube's like one more thing I have to
do unlike have to do but it is like an
extra thing you know I mean like you're
you I don't think you'll get someone
being like as honest and open with you
right now because as real as some people
say they are they're like oh my god I
love these guys so much and behind the
scenes like on togethers did it bitches
you know what I mean anyway so I'll just
be bluntly honest with you Staller is a
massive part of issue if right now I
probably wouldn't be uploading as much
with like exams and stuff if it wasn't a
way for me to like financially sustain
myself I was really cool to be 16 and
somewhat financially responsible for
yourself like that's Tomic I never
thought like I could do if you having me
so much like motivation to know that I
can do anything if I wanted and not
really not be a dog so yeah right now
like you're out of my life where I'm
really busy I probably wouldn't upload
as much because I don't have the time
that I don't have the time to be filming
this video right now but money is just a
huge incentive and it's something that
people kind of need and it really does
help me in base day life so can I say so
yeah so answer the question I would be
doing YouTube I wouldn't be doing it as
much during the periods of my life that
are really busy because then I just
prioritize things that are more
important you know here other only
youtubers are secretly really mean yes
yes most of them
anyone will tell you this the majority
of youtubers in person are questionable
people like you get the few and you
think well she must be a bitch in real
life then you meet them and you're
surprised you're so surprised but then
other people like I watched and then I
met and I was like wow so wrong about
you and I've spoken to like so many
people in my time like I'd love to say
names right now but going on to another
question someone asks does it ever
really annoy you when people are fans of
people that you know are bad people and
the answer is yes that infuriates me
because all I can see is like a
twelve-year-old girl looking up to
someone and looking out to someone who
they think they can be like and who they
want to be like and then me knowing that
that person is not someone that they
should aspire to be it's just oh it
drives me insane and like I said I'd
love I'd love to say names but I'm not
really that kind of person I don't know
the one thing that just bothers me is
when bad people successful and karma
doesn't get them Picabo always gets them
you're a pair of feet I mean I walk on
them have you kissed to go I've kissed
my dog wait my dogs are boys never mind
what do you think of body positivity /
plus-size models is it a healthy thing
to endorse my opinion is it really
bothers me when people talk about things
too much like when you have someone for
example let's go to like a body
positivity person right and all they do
like they've built that whole
personality around being a body
positivity person or like an activist
and they've just built their character
around this like you can be that also be
a human being and you know what I'm
trying to say right and I feel like with
a lot of these fruit it's just like
people trying to get themselves notice
they make that their personality like
they're like hi instead of hi I'm Kira
hi I'm an activist girls trust you know
I mean like don't kill the squirrels
instead of hi I'm Kira
I like pizza don't care I'm all I've
always been like such a very carefree
like I don't really care what you do
with your life if you wanna you know sit
in front of the camera
look different and take pictures and
post them screw to you I'm glad you're
happy doing that create color like it's
not like you're stealing my camera to
take your body positivity pictures is it
no using your own to judge fellow
youtubers based on a number of
subscribers no like once you become
friend to someone your friends is
another person not as a youtuber you
know I mean you get what I mean
yeah you don't talk about YouTube really
and subscribers and fans and stuff like
that just video goes out the window when
you're talking to them person to person
but and I will say is completely
honestly when someone with less photos
of you trying to make it on YouTube
approaches you and asks you to be
friends you just automatically question
their motives like it's not a
self-centered I'm so great everyone
wants me for my follower thinks I even
have that many like in comparison but
everyone to go and make their ups from
go and make their way up somehow and you
do question it when someone was like a
thousand subscribers messages you like
hey I wanna be friends like I was there
once you know I was definitely like a
few months and it was like the hardest
part of YouTube was getting past that
little but then again saying that if I
was to like message someone was like 4
million subscribers like hey I really
think your core want to be friends dead
question my motives to it's just a just
how things naturally are it's not new
probably friends makes you don't have
enough subscribers it's like I don't
know you should I trust you because
people on the Internet are very
untrustworthy people are not who they
say they are at all why is my dog a I
don't know I think my dog's game he
doesn't hump by dog hump or use the hump
as a kid he grew up found himself
doesn't hump rocks his butt on
everything but maybe that's like hey I
like it
how have you been a school react to
doing YouTube I don't know I don't
really care
however I noticed my younger kids who
like watch me and they subscribe me and
they like cat and staring at me sometime
and I find it so weird so we could I was
there for because I've been say I've
been at my school for like five years
now
and then these new kids come left in
there for a year they come in they're
like oh my gosh
Kyra goes on school so they staring me
all the time
I've been there for five years four of
those years have been completely
interrupted you know me on my own just
being Kira then these new kids come in
and start like I am maybe some
comfortable like schools like safe like
school sometimes I just want to go look
bad do my work walk around with resting
bitchface because I just walk around
like this in school daily like I jerk
like I hate everyone like I want to
actually decapitate everyone and the
fact that there's like kids at my school
like looking at me I like watching me
and I calculate my friends like see them
looking me sometimes no hey Kira let go
no see you are I might have you know and
she's like just a me or like my friends
have like siblings who are younger than
me
who like watch me and their friends do
and then they'll see them like looking
and I don't care and like I feel like I
need to kind of have a guard off at
school now because pizza that were
hopefully only soon but that's not me
being like I'm grateful whether that's
just me being human being I'm actually
tuba sake we've established this if you
actually give video supporters friends
like a lot of youtubers say they do a
lot of youtubers say you guys a nice
outline you doesn't make friends they
don't mean like a lot of people just
don't mean that but I'm not the kind of
person that would just reply to again or
something we'll try and make an effort
for someone if I don't want to but if I
don't think now what my time is human
being so if I'd ever like damn here and
have a conversation with you that's
because I'm not genuinely interested in
what you have to say not because I'm
trying to build a relationship between
me and my fans you know like I'm just
quite over to a person like like if you
send me a genuinely interesting like
damn message or whatever then I 90% I
will reply because I judge people make
the impression that they give me you're
more likely to form a bond with a
youtuber by trying to be like children
and funny with them and like be your
friendship you love them rather than oh
my gosh I love the videos you're great I
mean that's really nice like that's
really heartwarming and sweet but then
that makes it like that brings in the
kind of fan youtuber asked that apart
from when someone's just trying to talk
to you okay person you know I can't
actually you you know I'm translator
right I feel like I'm scared I'll get
like hate for this because I'm saying
things that every youtuber feels
which is never said what's your credit
card number security to unpin well I'm a
again why do people constantly ask the
pictures of you in public
IRC people in public very often like I
don't really go out into a densely
populated areas I often I know I live in
London but I don't really go like into
the city unless I'm shopping and that's
usually when I see people and then I
don't really mind it's not usually that
many people because the thing with me
which i think is quite cause I have this
cool like fan base or whatever but like
60% of you are in America so winning and
I'm just not great at human contact late
I'm not hugger I don't hug my friends I
couldn't hug a stranger I just couldn't
and if I do I'm just like hot like
someone's gonna agree with me on this
like I just I don't get hugging how is
that affection that's just touching and
spreading Jones one thing about the
subscribers that makes you mad hohoho
one thing I'm thinking and I think I
have quite a good bunch of subscribers
like quite like-minded people I used to
have a bunch of like I really say toxic
but I came from a place say it about
saying it is one of those things but
there was a bunch of people that
followed me in the past who were just
totally like my kind of people like I
just thought yeah they've gone off now
and now I seem to in flight accumulated
a bunch of like followers and everything
I talk people Twitter a lot you should
follow me that I think is like
accumulated a lot of people who would
just like me so nothing really makes me
mad the things used to make me mad like
I you have a bunch of like photos
whatever and they get upset over
everything like pretty good like you
know like always triggers like I'm bored
what can I be mad at Meg you know I mean
let's talk about sex no difficulty
literally worship the ground you walk on
and the super obsessed freaked you out I
get freaked out by people showing me
affection
I'm even to my friends to my family
anyone I don't really like an i-love-you
person and a hug person with establishes
I'm not like it yeah get away kind of
person I want people are constantly
telling me that they love the other
side's kind of like why I don't get it i
I don't why are you saying this to me
and then I realized that I understand
I'm like oh yeah Kirra like not that
important but you're like okay
that important and for a second way I do
get a bit freaked out sometime but that
should actually like I'm a human this
isn't how the natural order of humans is
supposed to be like like when you know
Jesus made humans he wasn't like human
and then there's this youtuber category
like we all work in the same way and if
someone was like all over you and like
telling you they lost you and you're
kind of like I don't know you you'd be
you'd be a bit okay thank you bye I've
grown to appreciate a section a lot more
recently and I've grown to appreciate
like having this group of people just
there to like be nice to me and help me
out when something's wrong see how
sometimes they get freaked out but it's
decreasing is the amount that I get
freaked out over things is like getting
less and less which i think is good like
in the beginning used to be like what
the hell is going on make it stop Jesus
shake the world pieces take my shirt off
have you ever smoked weed I haven't I'm
not a drug person
I don't drink like I know most people in
the energy UK has a huge underage
drinking problem and I don't engage in
that me and illegal substances just
don't like as much as people think I'm a
horrible reckless individual just
because I look here I'm actually very
good on the whole I don't think I've
ever really I don't see the appeal of
like druggie if you need to be drunk or
high to make yourself an interesting
person then there's something wrong with
you there's something wrong be
personality honest thoughts on Daniel
ragazzi she's a catch me up like girl
does she follow you yell she fought me
with her I was like oh okay when I
happened I felt a little bit relevant I
never watch dr. Phil is like an American
thing
so people saying catch me outside for
like a month now see what does this mean
they when I say cash a limit like
literal my dollar dollar bills yo I was
really confused and I watch them over
okay you know story time I made about
that
rogon a lot like that I think but
Danielle I think what from what you can
see I mean you know obviously shows like
doctor so like totally like stage that's
totally fake I don't believe it totally
like made extra probably made her seem
like ten thousand times worse and she
actually was yeah she was a reckless kid
yeah
she disrespected her parents that did
her powers to suspect her back you know
you don't know people's lives but you
can see that she is enjoying situation
she's in right now and even though she
is famous for nothing or famous for
doing something bad he's doing something
with her life
whereas before may not have done and so
now a person who was probably heading
downwards had an opportunity and I think
that's really cool
people need stop me so judgemental just
because they're salty they're not famous
not by the old minecrafting way I
usually obsessive my craft when I was
like I'd know enough more 12 to when I
was like maybe 15 yeah maybe like last
year and I used to say my console sons
are friends and they made friends on
minecraft and again it's a con like
often yeah it's such a great game like
you want a Minecraft hit me up on titles
on connections I lost them I loved them
yeah what is your issues mental illness
I don't have one so now I actually
everyone had something like not
completely 100% okay that's like saying
you never get a cold but just because
you get into an awkward situation and
have a panic attack doesn't mean that
mentally ill that just means you're
human being and you have natural
responses some people are genuinely like
ill that's neat out for people you can
just have a safe orbit where things are
just going crazy especially like in
seizures right now not really but I have
had just like the general teenage
nervousness that everyone can but one
thing I could say to someone who was
like dealing of that is see if it passes
don't jump to conclusions
you're probably okay like chances are
you okay it's not then don't sue me I
don't have tilde ting and probably I
might did it end on that this has been a
longer video if mainly because I know my
uploading schedule is going to be kind
of later for a while I have happened
uploading schedule because I'm just busy
with school - wish me luck - leave me
any tips if you're advising CCC's right
now like what helps you because I'm I'm
struggling yeah so I've just used this
longer video so maybe it will let your
first to me for a little while time sure
rather wiser into anything about love
much is coming soon things are coming
soon Thanks so going Singh touching for
me
and that's okay go no but
