I always switch I was on but then I
can't breathe and then I have to reverse
the action hi hi beauty guru I don't
claim to know what I'm doing even if I
did claim to know what I was doing you
can tell I don't have a clue what I'm
doing
sometimes I put makeup on my face I
don't know this like a freaking geisha
girl although I came in directly doing
blackface because sometimes I think moon
let's go way too much fake tan on
because that's going to make me look
really hot and then I just offend
everyone I am really sorry I have no
taste it makeup or comedy but today I
had a full you know I have a lot I was
like going through my makeup thinking
and do I actually need all of this like
I have a fair bit to someone that
doesn't care I noticed they have a hell
of a lot of stuff it isn't in my shades
I think it's only kind of person at this
I'm an impulsive buyer I just walked
into the place me I will not grab it and
don't thank me all this look good on me
is this a waste of money is this the
reason why I'm slowly going bankrupt or
the fee above so I have a little a cop
that just makes me look like a dead baby
welcome to my salon so today I'm going
to try and apply a full face of makeup
using makeup it's not my color shade or
anything that I should have purchased
and then I'm going to dispose of it so
yeah I get it I already look like a dead
baby but now I'm going to amplify that I
don't have any tools first we are going
to start with foundation now if this one
the room ow this is such a mess stay
maxing 200 soft beige and it is the most
darkest obvious things I've ever seen
which is why I've used this in videos I
used to go for a phase where I thought
maybe if I buy things a little bit too
dark it'll make me look more tanner
people think I'm actually pretty and I
used to apply way too much so I turn
explosion house you can actually see my
face and I used to apply around like
this much like
a lot and then I do this brush even
though it's like I don't even like this
brush and then rub in this still has
some remnants like some hair gel it
leaked into it and they can smell every
time I use on my face so organized and I
love it when I could lids back on my
objects especially liquid I love it when
I still liquid everywhere I look like
someone's roasted me like not insulted
like literally physically put me in an
oven marinated me and roasted me at 230
degrees Celsius
I look like the skin of fried chicken I
don't eat the skin
it's gross that's why I'm saying about
my face stop with the analogy Karen and
I can good I feel like this is so not my
color it is almost be racist you know
what it doesn't even look that bad on
camera you're in for a shock
now the next thing I have it's this
concealer it is way do lie I also have
way too dark but if I use it now it will
look fine because this is too dark so
any news on it's too light this isn't
how you do makeup is a highlight as well
I don't know how to do that I love it
when I look like a corpse I love it when
I look like I have the black plague the
like the various shades of colors that
don't look good plague I feel like this
is what zombie to you is actually look
like so no joke zombie she goes
genuinely do this to their face I don't
ever just to set it often you can use my
Laura Mercier translucent powder because
you know this is this is truly a real a
real makeup tutorial
while I'm letting that what does it cook
I know I'm going to move on to my
eyebrows now I have this eyebrow thing I
use this regularly reg I'll look at me
or you can't see it so filthy that is
everything is these two colors but also
have this one canna that's get messy I
recently uploaded a video where I've
tried people's eyebrows weren't mine
where I like recreated other people's
eyebrows on one face and I thought it
was a very interesting video so I hire
when you go check that out if you're
interested but I look like silk right
dark eyebrows looks so great
I'm not like in from Essex by not
sensing from Essex for like a sense I
should do extra light eyebrows next time
pretend I'm from sorry
so fine why don't I look hideous I
wanted to look hideous okay is it kind
of you next I'm going to use highlighter
this one from Mac and it looked
different on the website well that looks
that looks so good now I use this in the
makeup tutorial and I said we get looks
cute and then someone says well I don't
know how she can just rub it all over
her face and still look good when I do
it I look hideous I'm like yeah I did
look hideous
purchasing tweet I love it when I rub my
own feces on my face okay
okay Kara try to make that look a little
bit better let's just go the whole way
and whereas they took it kinda noticed
it oh why do I like that I love it when
I have sexual hair connects I'm going to
add blush and this one it's just it's
just too dark it makes me look like I've
had a rash I mean I always have a ration
with the logic every think I charge but
still okay Kara like I'm not even
putting knowledge on saving it I'm
having the same amount of this stuff on
as I would as like something it does
Sookie by the way next we have I shadow
now I have this eye shadow
it's a Mac powerful one that will make
me look dead purple makes me look like I
got punched in the face by like a mighty
fall purple is ugly ol NOAA Corps
Foundation online get me I'm through
here okay well we're going to pretend
that didn't happen
so I guess you need to start off with
some kind of eye shadow base I'm going
to use the light concealer again and
prime my eyelids
like this isn't just me being stupid I
genuinely pair my eyelids as my
concealer so okay then camera X we are
going to make a nice powerful crease
okay
nice
I'm not very good at this I guess now we
just make the eyelid color next I'm
going to use NYX liquid suede lipstick I
have two them I have found one in the
pink or voices and both look gross on me
so I'm getting you both I'm going to use
the brown one is kind of like a liner
I'm going to try and create like a nice
long berry lip now we're going to make
the ombre happen I guess you can only do
this if you're extremely talented like
me I should try contours
this is the finished look I look like I
should probably kill myself I hope you
enjoyed this video I hope you found some
great interest as shoes for this fight I
didn't die for this without feet
disgusting hideous and shouldn't be seen
a lot of there yes but show your opinion
share some things that make you look
ugly recreate this video I don't care
follow me and subscribe to 10 years of
good luck of was your pet rock all day
and I love you Michael ok bye
