hey that this is what you wanted to see
Sam does this feel good to me back to me
again I've been away for a while I've
been to Canada which is why I'm wearing
this Canadian themed t-shirt even though
I tried to make my face that mediocre ly
cute I wanted to look like Taurus and
try and seen this video and try and
organize something because they never do
and so I haven't done in a while
obviously so this this feels great
this is kind of even though I didn't
realize it what I imagine an addict
feeling like like imagine being addicted
to coke for like five years right solid
likes five years and you think you know
what this coke addiction is getting a
bit out of hand like accidentally slip
from in my hamster food the other day
dead now you're like grand larceny put a
little bit purty like she looks feeling
now like in this grandma's is the
contouring better give up my addiction
to cope go to a a you know sort this out
16 years later so out to Vegas after 16
years you're a bachelor party hem like
whatever you want you might be looking
for some work for all I know sit down
chips at the ready you know you wouldn't
think I'm 16 with you you're ready to go
you're ready to go and also on this
woman comes around the silver platter
she has your martini and you're like
it's a shake and not stir because
patently you're James Bond them she was
passed out in front of you and there is
free perfect lines of I see shiny sure
but I mean cocaine and you think wow I
haven't seen us in 16 years got my fill
and see the tops of decomposing in the
backyard and just got a new dog not
ready him to go yet so you have to take
you have certain thinking do I really
want to do this like the road which
already have the time to patience and
money cuz you know it's horizontal I'm
you know and you sit back in your seat
you grab your tripod not your tripod
because I'm talking about hypothetical
situation you grab your note roll it up
put it down you sniff the cocaine that's
not actually cocaine it's just sugar
because I am a child and that would be
an appropriate to talk about with my
audience
oh you think gosh darnit this is some
dank stuff
think I'm going to go join grandma
feeling someone call The Exorcist that's
how I feel right now I've missed this
camera I've missed talking to you and I
have a story for you today kind of I
don't know something just going to make
you think I'm more of a mess-up human
being than I already am from that story
I just told you we're not story kind of
analogy kind of like hypothetical
situation is a really kind of settle but
kind of is a metaphor for my whole life
it's just like a shoot at a true show of
character to show where my priorities
lie so I've been in Canada recently I've
already said that I've got a t-shirt and
everything I bought some stuff I bought
syrup and maybe you know maybe if I'm
feeling like artsy islands that one of
those pretentious Casey nice that like
vlogging shot things right here if I'm
feeling like I can put enough effort in
and I actually have any footage of
anything you know I probably won't I
might surprise you
and while I was there I learnt some deep
truths about myself in which I'm going
to share with you what is Canada known
for you know a syrup moose and bears and
some a budding Karen that I only
experimented with one of those three
things not the Bears not the moussing
definitely what that a buddy that makes
it for like that forget about the a
buddy
I definitely a butted and I definitely
experimented with some syrup in my mouth
aura and you know what he was
disappointing I have a video of me
trying you know like put it in there and
they were almost stick and then keep it
in I'm gonna eat it off an hour gosh
darn it - no Sara experience out the way
through Canadians through it it's okay
and eyeful okay what would be the next
most litmus thing to do I think hmm
I think moose now apparently when it
snows the moose don't like to run around
much the roofs just kind of stay in this
spot - eight and let their body fat
build up and build up and build up and
maybe just get soaked out they just
never move again and then when spring
rolls around they realize why I'm
looking a bit fat but you know what I
can run around these mountains and it
will burn off that is one quality and
most humans don't have the motivation to
burn off their winter blubber
I've still got mine 38 yeah not going to
see a moose and then I think what about
bear like bears epic you know not as
cool as mooses like they don't have
antlers unless you know some of them go
down to business in the forest no of the
back and find enough of Belarus going to
find another moose Oh both going slowly
extinct in the barren Musa like hey I'll
bear your moose tonight and they made a
mercy there were forms that besides the
point
I only gave free options with the
exception of maybe two Maybelline here
and there but then to my utter
disappointment
I find that bears like to sleep on the
ground and hibernate in their little
forest holes when its mind which stuff
so I was like gosh darn it
but then a man told me a very
interesting story about the exact spot
on the mountain which we were and he
pointed over to
he was like hey last summer this woman
was riding her bike along she was just
you know riding on a mountain minding
her own business burning off I went to
brother as you do as I don't do all of a
sudden this bears like yo Sam were you
doing in my head you know like chained
round his neck Grylls get it Lee Bear
Grylls it's like what you did to my
thumb whips out is aka claws and their
bare words the woman on the bike the
blackboard stayed in my head that stayed
in my head and I for gosh darn it that
is that is terrifying that is not mildly
that's like a mildly terrifying now it's
extremely terrifying terrifying yep
terrifying I hope that doesn't happen to
me so I spent a week taking room where
are the Bears like they're not here
that's good that's about it really
one night I go to bed this foot still in
my head thinking about the bed thinking
about had or thinking about the lack of
mirth thinking about the a budding that
I can do from time to time I lay my head
down on my sweet pillar of maple syrup
and hope and fall into deep slumber and
I had a dream I'm not about to stop
being inspirational but like I am I am
who gave that speech is like an awesome
are saluting King yeah are saluting King
gave that speech yep hear that the
person isn't it hey Martha Lou thing
King give me some tips on a speaking
English Martha Lou Tinky how do I think
I am moving on I had a dream wrong too
soon oh cool and it was one of those
dreams you don't really think a dream is
like really row it's like a dream that's
so vivid it could be real and then when
you wake up you think wow I must put
this dream into action you realize it's
not real you cry a little bit unless it
is a bad dream which differ on what if
there a bathroom to most people but
because I'm such a disgusting human
being it was really great and then it
was like our gosh dormant and I fell
back asleep again and didn't remember
the dream to like a week later in my
dream I'm sitting there I don't really
know how this happens I don't really
know how it led up to it all of sudden I
was being devoured by a bear I was on a
mountain maybe I'm not sure and all you
remember is like the Bears go somewhere
else after devouring me I had to make
bite marks in my knee which may relate
to I hope you
massive bruise on my knee it was so big
it was so big and like black right to
bear for so maybe that's why I
envisioned it all my needs I envisioned
it almost as well and I thought gosh
darn it they spared tax me I have three
options in this scenario after being
attacked by the bear you either have the
option to call the emergency services to
come and rescue you to come and stitch
up your bear wound and to make you not
die of family's injuries secondly on a
mountain phone may not be available to
you the bear could have ate at the best
and fought well great iPhone 7 would
snap for my cub I'll bear grill this
later I'll bear grill it on my grill you
know here that's not funny no phone so
you have to claw your way down the
mountain to rescue yourself option free
this is option free take a photo of your
mangled leg and your mangled film a
youtube video about how I got hacked by
a bear question mark : story time insert
the graphic imagery into the form now
and put in the title definitely warning
graphic descriptions of Animal Park and
it might dream that video got seventy
five million views and that you know
what option I took yeah kind of wish the
bed ain't my head too but it was a bit
because apparently they're not begin
there are many new so anyway this is the
point it's not actually it is the point
I wake up as you do maybe I shouldn't
have and I think it's like that ten
seconds after you wake up from a dream
where you think it's wrong therefore
better get a lot better take pictures of
why need better on this video I look on
my knee in about split second and like
wait that didn't happen that was a dream
I was genuinely sad I haven't told
anyone about this I woke up a like what
6 a.m. it looked at many for us go start
it went back to sleep I thought about it
a week later that it actually happened
like once you join the whole YouTube
thing why you are thinking about saving
your life but you're also thinking about
how you can turn that into an epic way
to capitalize off your own misfortune I
did
start why are more youtubers not dead I
hate myself
subscribe to 10 years good luck follow
me on my social media and you won't ever
get hacked by there unless you want to
unless your youtuber and you probably
want some footage subscribe to a body
camera good night pretend I have a mic I
don't
