hello my name is Kara and I am the
market for some new eyebrows mother that
man has been cutting his grass for about
three hours now I don't know but it's so
annoying
hi welcome to my professional makeup
salon have you ever wondered yourself
hmm I wonder what it would look like if
I look like someone more attractive
slash better slash superhuman than
myself because honestly to me every day
since I was conceived I came across that
woman you're the one who does that magic
voodoo would obtain and the makeup care
phase and it was and she looks like GG
that abuses that Hadid yet well I've
been watching a lot of that I think I've
picked up some tricks so my mediocre
makeup skills my mediocre makeup I'm
going to become some people today who
want me yeah that you're excited also my
hair band is hollow so seriously we're
going to test out some other people's
eyebrows and we're going to start with
none other than card
mmm-hmm you know who I mean I've got
this a nostalgia around it chocolate
cake thing and it's really good but it
was expensive so can you please click my
ads so I can afford to waste these kind
of things
Thanks so I guess they're kind of dark
hmm they kind of do this oh my god oh oh
oh wow imagine I wasn't me imagine I was
better than me hello my name is Carolyn
Levin a and I am a model I'm five foot
five and low key thick with two CS but
yep I am a model now she has a weird
hair sprouting things it kind of looks
like how carrots just kind of grab the
ground
you know these bits I think personally I
have nailed it but I have eyebrows it
because I'm not doing anything to my
nails and doing it to my eyebrows
therefore I have not nailed it I have
eyebrows personally I think this is some
solid eyebrow in how great now on this
eyebrow I'm going to try kylie jenner's
I've generally want that kind of like go
Boop
so I guess you have to start with
brushing them I learned this trick if
you brush them upwards you can make them
go upwards
Wow cure that's house
science works yes I know how to detect
this shape bet you can't or you got told
I'm actually oh wait I'm just drawing as
my own eyebrows what's wrong with me
I'll learn the kind that has the two
lines and really ugly stupid looking
lines I'm such a professional why is
this it's a blessing and it's a curse
let's just color that in I think it's
dark enough oh yeah nice like using my
real eyebrows I think that it low-key
cute but like low-key kill myself
she also dealt up seeing where they get
the concealer and I always see the
Kardashian / Jenna's do this thing you
know the thing I mean why am i doing
some viewfinder and not in mine ah I
messed up and this up real good now my
eyebrows are freshened slightly all
right we can pretend it's allergic
reaction colliculus we're going to try
the eyebrows from the new Roderick not
my Roderick self logic was so hot where
did they go wrong and now this one's
eyebrows just kind of look like
imagine I'm holding a pizza
these are the eyebrows a new Roderick
but only if you like my hot explainer
they're happy eyebrows a veranda run
next we're going to try Donald Trump's
eyebrows honestly got some great fresh
brows boy so I guess I have to be brown
my eyebrow and I wanted to try a blonde
person eyebrow but like that's what I'd
go for an iconic blond you know I guess
like ginger you know I mean same thing
you've got to like potatoes in the Sun
so seriously we need to clear the area I
remember at one point I wanted to make a
DIY Channel oh yeah but then we need to
make the surrounding area like low-key
orange actually never mind let's just go
straight into the eye shadow boy I think
it's very accurate now we need to just
add a total of stripes in there you know
that I mention and there you go folks
oh say can you see by the dawn's early
brow what so come by the twilight's last
gleaming
next up we have to catch me outside girl
she follows me on Twitter and I hope she
doesn't see this because she's very
temperamental and I think she wants all
of me on Twitter and I enjoy her follow
that's it really
now I'm going to use her dog to fill
eyebrows for this because I think
there's a most iconic eyebrows
supposedly you have to conceal the area
because even though I'm not that brow
plenty for she is even less Brown 24
this is a really not effective method of
removing your eyebrows by the way I
don't know anything more effective than
just covering it over with a light
shield like I do with my emotions now we
have destroyed the surface
let's further destroy the
you
cash me out fine
how about that and next we're going to
try the eyebrows of Doge here's another
one that requires very intense
concealing don't feel don't let down ah
sorry I can't help that impulse now this
is kind of more of them all I kind of
jobs so yeah uh yeah so well like most
dogs don't have real eyebrows so you
kind of have to improvise it's okay
because I'm skilled and I have expensive
products that I am I'm wasting because I
have no sense of money it's a problem my
mother hates me
oh my god this is so good it's like ASMR
it's like one of those satisfying videos
great now the eyebrows can still don't
do next we have to bronze the surface
we're going to try this one this is
really great for your cheek and also
great for creating don't like are in
your face so how do they go so he'll
have that touch there and it's kind of
like oh wow she's really working
it's also my cross villager next I know
this is an eyebrow thing but you can't
really do dogs without eyeliner so oh
well that it's so black yeah right doges
can be anyway top dog ISM Wow my
eyebrows look like nothing to hold
shimmer next I'm going to recreate the
eyebrows of the second most subscribed
youtuber on YouTube on the whole of the
tubes that is yeah um oh yes we just
blonde he doesn't have that many eyebrow
oh yes we just blonde he doesn't have
that many eyebrow and conventional
holster and now we are done and then
finally we're going to finish with the
most subscribed youtuber on the youtubes
eyebrows YouTube music before I was
gonna say me didn't you yup okay I'm
done so that was it really
I tested out some eyebrows and did some
things to my face in which I will not
recover from let me know what you
thought of this incredibly well thought
out well planned perfect video and also
let me know if you want me to try any
other celebrity body parts and no I'm
not getting vaginoplasty all over it's
cool that's it really I'll be gone now
follow me if you want good luck forever
okay bye
yeah Davinia
ah
you
