hi I'm Kara and mmm you know a back in
the day I used to sit here and I used to
make videos and I just talked I mean
when do I not talk I'm always talking
like select these things I call Coster
tops I like to call them egg cakes
because I don't know I just like the
name or egg cake straight hand hunts
like pancakes okay
great name I cable to the point I was
eating like a pack today like a big pack
and then he's like pastry and they have
this like sugar and crust and eggs off
in the middle of nutmeg on top and oh my
gosh if you're a bush stay like that and
eat these nature's great and I have an
addiction that my mother says that I
can't help them anymore
I can't discuss it I can't do Matalin
Zoop
I'm too far away now this thing it's
really kind of like an old-fashioned
thing and called egg bound and it's
basically work if you eat a lot of eggs
it binds everything in your stomach you
can imagine what that does to your feces
hmm and everyone knows that London
plumbing isn't great so yeah I'm not
allowed eight cakes anymore I'll keep
you updated though also another thing so
those you seen during lights different
pollen so they're like kind of all kind
of anywhere anywhere so I was wondering
to myself why are we using what I really
like they sit really good on my long
spidery leg and then I realize how does
one please please please tell me please
please please please please tell me
please why Please Please Please Please
Please Please Please means ok mean means
I like mean everyone as I like memes and
recently I feel I've been finding it
neat
aren't as good as they used to be she
doesn't remember like back in daylight
2011-2012 or you just like sit down your
little PC on your chair in the corner
over there unless you
Salima LZ probably wasn't in my health
because I was in my house so I find
myself sitting there for hours on end
just hitting the little arrow button
that one repeatedly just going through
the meme brief kirbridge 3 3 3 3
there's nothing pearlite memes aren't
like that anymore means are so recycled
nowadays and there's hundreds and
thousands of Instagram mean pages and
they finally mean listen I really like
that means let's rip off the same meme
and just reword it differently in such a
way that it's just not funny you know
what I mean why get it don't you get it
you understand you feel me ruff diggity
dog hanging in the zip sound it makes me
sad angry because I have so many great
new my desk but I don't have the time
but there are plenty of people awaiting
their life doing nothing you have the
time it again ability to make a con
exactly and they're not doing it this
needs to be a profession and needs to be
a class on how to be funny on the
internet because so many people could do
so don't know how to do it and it's
infuriating
just wonder to yourself why am i
insecure low self-esteem broke dead on
the inside so lack of things stupid
arrogant egotistical also mind it lonely
and death just yummy death like that's
the whole ten things I think I regret I
didn't care I realize this isn't I have
no motivation or energy to do anything
with my life why is that why is that why
is that I downloaded this app I've been
meditating recently and honestly it's
just not work I mean I'm going to
release like three days and doing it for
like five minutes every day because like
I start it and then I get bored it's
just the same bitch telling me to
breathe over and over again
I already good this thing's cool
I have too many shoes these are the
newest addition to the family
wait am I ever going to I need what
actually I think I could fit so there
you go in case you ever wanted to know
on my moment right there if I take
selfie like it on tourism houses
