that's silly what's on your wire right
here can break this freaking green
screen hi
so this isn't my normal setting this
isn't my normal surrounding as you can
help I'm in a very dignified
and fancy restaurant this may be a green
screen this may be if I so rashly think
you never know how Kyra's editing
techniques are going to be today
probably not great and today I thought I
would try some Oh
again yeah
American candy yeah it was the best of
times it was the worst of times
here's some food let's go now this is a
box of foods that came today it looks
like this it's called heavenly sweets
you can get it on Amazon and if you live
in my realm or another realm that isn't
the United States of Donald Trump you
probably really enjoy it whenever you
can get your hands on something American
you can devour it you can feel it in
your esophagus and it's just a good time
however is really hard to get all of
these things I'm not evil Inc in the
description to this when you can buy it
so it's going to be good because I love
helping this isn't sponsored by the way
so yeah let's get down to business and
defeat the hmmm did they send me
daughters when I gaffed for stun
someone's going to get tricking about
gender stereotypes
also on FaceTime right here I have
American he's going to be giving some
input and how he feels about the food
that I'm eating and if I'm doing it
right so you can't tell me that I'm
eating
he looks like really hot are you ready
for what helping me eat should I shout
yourself out file jealous really like
that wish this so when you go to a fancy
restaurant you know the little weird
that small guy comes up Shu says hey
nice trick and I say yeah and diet and
you know on you're not Andres like me
and you're professional adult you get
maybe like a nice glass of Rose a like
this and but wait it's a filthy also
looks more alcohol because that would be
illegal
this is kool-aid strawberry and kiwi
flavor now this whole big thing makes up
like two liters of with disgusting
tasting juice however I use a tiny bit
and tries to make it glass size and it
makes myself
yeah it doesn't get any better
now lacquer in my fellow American what
is your opinion on kool-aid toilet yeah
it's basically water down sugar family
from you it tastes like lake water just
fits all sit down and just on less
charge
yeah I just put the restaurant thing in
my head what do you want me to do
randomly accurate like a desolation
cannon startled the thigh and that is I
mean that was kind of like here subtle
dip your toes into water yeah swedish
fish no I've always wanted to try these
and I kind of thought they were which he
flavored snack first
hey apparently not so they are the first
thing on my plate today but other than
that now I just uh need any old stuff so
I decided to have a too cool smell
shocker
I'm ankles this is my life little salmon
fill it starter ahead cherry but it
looks chilly and I have braces hi
dentist
Netflix add some surf and turf Lake or
plague nerds raspberry from Boise and
tropical punch punch tropical nope you
open it this way well that probably made
so many people I killed myself this is a
salt and pepper shaker a chewy lemon
head though I'm not ready to Q&A and I
was asked do you pop your pussy
Twitter's and I said to Allah I don't
know but now I do bitch it's slowly it
looks like it's strawberry flavored I
don't really like sugary flavor and
Laffy Taffy I have no idea what this is
but it sounds hideous and it looks
exactly the same of that it's like how
Kylie in color pops so exactly the same
stuff and she just as she sticks her
name on it even though I I don't buy
into it or and that is my daughter
Zachary yeah right here it's my starter
now I'm going to eat them what if I
start with you I guess it paints a pink
this is a Twitter this is the salami of
the mill I've always hated fish
neighbourly heart w-why isn't it I know
your pipe cleaner without lip gloss set
it up put it up it huh things I do for
love
next is a Raffi taffy and that really
looks healthy I'm not going to get off
that play anytime soon just strawberries
it's a strawberry flavor Carrie
oh yeah that's where he desktop terrible
missing tonight not because of that
Mexican swedish fish is actually swedish
yeah what is American mmm oh look sexy
Jason boy
I just little fish and then I felt fish
and then I carry a head oh oh yeah
I look at you like that nice indeed at
the same time someone's going to
complain I could have uses food food the
African kids so next we're moving on to
the main core very dignified tip of
myself how refreshing
mmm alright next we have a child too and
this is going to be the focus point of
our meal tonight let's stretch it out
artisanal and we have a dr. pepper
flavored Harbor bubble but although it's
not just dog there by cherry flavored
dr. pol boy I'm here we have a warhead
extreme sour lemon hey why is your
making nothing okay
they are the best our ginger look peanut
M&Ms a good one to try these and next we
have grape heads as well as look great
and finally just a season it flute and
pepper shaker oh yeah so no one what is
basically talking duck Charles with dirt
nice to the pinna and manemma can
imagine what this place like they just
ate one off the crevasse with my carpet
next we have the grape head
imagine if your head was a grape I can't
wait just rajala
with you wonder next I'm going to try
the cherry don't suffer heart bubble
let's go it doesn't go away hmm
we have on the pink lady roof isn't a
real baby piece in it and I will find
out how they should do have children
just cook them kind of bland is born son
horse yes
how bad is it
can I just get in like first oh so you
gonna dive in oh it is streaming that's
okay
I'm done with that that was painful
so yeah you just watch me wearing a lot
of food at your santosh your sister
watches my video tag okay bye
