hi okay so today I'm making a story time
in which you can watch about a thing
that happened and I taught this story
about eight months ago yeah that's a
really long time ago and you bought a
foot mechs production and quality would
have improved by now but um nope I also
filmed this video last week but my
camera for let's just delete that so
yeah that happened I don't know how it
happened and when youtubers say oh yeah
my camera just deleted all of my footage
therefore does something mean video I
just thought that as an excuse for them
being lazy but no it actually happens so
there you go
disclaimer number two my hair's up
because I haven't washed it or
straightened it or done anything to it
and I know I have pointed is yes I get
it you don't need to comment thirdly I
know I have horrible fake tan on my
hands and it's gross and it's disgusting
and I also know that it also use my
hands as a substitute for paper you
don't need to point it out camera
deleted a bunch of footage if I just
randomly switch locations halfway
through this video
that's why sorry it's a mess subscribe
for ten years good luck anyway this is a
great story however I told it horribly
and I left out so many really important
details because it's like I don't really
know how to tell a story back then I
mean I still don't and I had the forum
sentence but anyway and I left out a
bunch of incidents that happened which
are really cool etc etc etc yeah and
then if you've already seen that video
and you're thinking I don't need to see
this you do you who escapes like the end
or something where I talk about some
incidences that occurred after this I
didn't English because I don't know the
future this incident was the epitome of
traumatic so I went skiing in Austria
last February because well ladies skiing
is so fun despite the cold the expenses
and the little threat of death it's a
great time so when I went skiing I
decided to join us in called ski school
which is that it's essentially a bunch
of old people a bunch of kids and like
an instructor who teaches you how to be
a better skier and not die even though
it didn't actually really work yeah so I
was with any family or anything it was
just me and a bunch of random strangers
great idea
it wasn't since I don't even know how to
use an oven and I'm scared of the dark
great example responsible human Dave one
two four were fine however the day where
the incident occurred I noticed
something was very wrong and I didn't do
anything about it
I was skating like relatively fast just
going down like an easy slope but all of
a sudden I felt like it wasn't a big
fault I just stood up brushed myself off
you know however I noticed that my skis
didn't detach from my boots and if
you've skied and you fall you know your
skis detached from your boots your legs
don't break in half and you know because
me I just thought ah let's continue
being dangerous because I was over like
hockey and over confident in my
abilities at that moment in time which
honestly makes a first but then later
that day I had a second full again not
that serious bruise on my vagina from my
mine hailer was in my pocket and like
crushed it but apart from that it was
fine brush myself off stood up however
the skis didn't come off yet again and
yes again I fought yeah it's fine look
what you did to yourself care you dumb
bitch so later that day I went on my
first black run and that girls are
pretty much like the hardest most likely
to die everyone decapitates himself here
kind of fun you know everything that
appeals to humans so I went down it and
it went successfully however I fought
hmm last year's a second time let's just
push my luck and guess what I succeeded
once again you thought I was going to
fall didn't you wait not yet bit I'm
sorry so this black slope led on to a
blue slope and so it went from really
difficult to really easy and once I
gotten to the easy one I was like you
let's go as fast as possible when all of
a sudden someone came in front of me I
went over the back of their skis and I I
fell and you may be thinking hey kiera
third times lucky right no this one
again wasn't a big void eautiful far but
I rolled with the impact of the fall and
again my skis was like hey Cara I'm just
not going to detach and save your life
no they didn't so my ski got stuck in
the snow over here
and trigger warning not kidding
triggered so much ski got sucked in the
snow over here but my body rolled this
way you can imagine what happened inside
of my knee yeah and I heard the most
horrendous pop it was horrible I wanted
death in that moment my life was over
take my unborn child and I don't know
what I'm going at that I reach over and
clip my boot out of my ski and panic the
ski instructor comes over to me and
she's like oh you okay are you sure you
can't get up and like ski back to the
ski lift and I kind of look to her like
hey do I look okay do I look no no and
so she's like you always call an
ambulance and I was kind of thinking
how's an ambulance gonna get on a
mountain when all of a sudden this
little snowmobile drags by yeah a little
snowmobile with his siren drives by and
comes and collects me and I got on the
back of it that's a man and in this
moment I was just sitting on the back of
this snowmobile going about 100 mile an
hour for a solid minute clinging on for
dear life onto the back of some random
Austrian man who spoke very little
English this costs 200 euros I wanted to
scream at someone but I wouldn't because
I'm a respectable young woman so they
get me a wheelchair put me on a ski lift
and send me to the bottom of the
mountain and my dad was like okay I'm
gonna take your skis back to the rental
place because you're obviously not going
skiing anymore and I go um well like I
might be okay like bitch report done
literal hoe because in my mind I fought
them I've just like dislocated my knee
or something because that's where it
sounded like I had a pop and that's what
it is assumed like dislocating something
felt like you know so we always always
be talking after a very long way indeed
full of her criticizing how when grouse
England hospitals are after seeing this
a plus of June service I get called in
for my x-ray now bear in mind ski
clothes are relatively thick I get
called in for my x-ray and bear in mind
ski clothes are relatively fixed you
can't exactly x-ray through them and so
this woman wills me in see x-ray room
and she looks at me and she goes take
off now sir and I kind of think it takes
me minutes like register which is saying
because they have really thick Austrian
accents and I'm there talking in German
or Austrian I don't know
educated and buyers haven't registered
my mind well she said she'd already left
the room to go into a doctor II thing I
guess so I think well my legs like a
little bit like you know disgusting
right now how does she want me to take
this off because I don't know usually
when you're having an x-ray
you're having an x-ray for a reason she
just didn't think to try and help me at
all nikkei I mean I appreciate her
service and everything but she just woke
me into the room and walked out so she
comes back in the room realizes she
hasn't progressed at all and then
decides okay I'll help you and I was
very grateful and she helped me get on
to the big table so they x-rayed er and
I didn't really understand what was
happening and I left the room when I get
called in to the consultants room to be
consulted about what just happened I sit
on the table I get again get asked to
remove my trouser adeline I decide to
ask hey is it bad
and this woman says the worst thing she
could have ever said to me in this
moment yeah it's bad it's really bad
child think we're overreacting
hypochondriac severe crippling anxiety
brain was going to take this not very
well
so I nearly lost my composure but I
didn't quite when all of a sudden they
started talking about like really
invasive scary like surgery stuff and I
was kind of like a little please not my
child please when they just say okay
well you're going home in like two days
so we're gonna put a big cast on you and
then you're going to leave and go home
and before I left to get the cast put on
they said that I'm gonna need these
injections and that what they basically
do is they fill out your blood so you
use them if you're like saying still for
a very long time British or people in
wheelchairs have to have them because of
the air pressure on a plane with a cast
it can cause your blood to court and
blood clots are bad because then you
most of the time so it fends at your
blood so your blood doesn't clot pretty
much I'm Jo supposed to put it in a
really fatty part of your body you know
like really fatty part and I get it like
I don't have any fat like I'm Stacy
Roest I'm kidding but I just been skiing
and one thing about me is if I actually
try I can't own up my body really
quickly like I'm quite lucky in that way
and I've been skiing like eight hours a
day for about five days of course I was
feeling quite muscular and hence and
toned out at this very point my stomach
at this time not now my stomach was very
flat and very muscular and you're
supposed to put this into a fatty part
of your body I don't know use my thighs
use my fat hips I don't know don't use
the one place that's probably the least
fatty the most muscular and she just
grabs his needle and just shoves it into
my stomach with no excess fat more than
breaking the leg just soak the will of
my wheelchair in this moment I wasn't
happy so then after that drawn where I
get wheeled into the classroom
I won't you think cos you think you know
just like a little thing you know I
don't know I don't know how they thought
that fix my knee I don't know but now
they put a full leg cast on my whole leg
Oh insert pictures of all of this but
yeah you can imagine wasn't very happy
and while they were doing this I finally
lost it I was on my own I was on one
with me I was laying on the table I was
crying I don't cry in front of other
people ever there's like probably one
person who sees me crack one whole world
and hormonal crying does not count as
crying by the way meanwhile these two
Austrian men were just standing over me
wrapping things around my neck laughing
of each other
meanwhile I'm laying underneath them
crying that sounds disturbing not like
that
they were just like joking each other
like
I don't know I don't know so they put me
in a wheelchair they make me leave it
was traumatic and no one even attempted
to try and make me feel better and also
what was also very off-putting is going
into the classroom there was a woman
there laying on a bed just screaming and
I thought oh Lord
so I spent a day in Austria you know
feeling sorry for myself watching my own
holding in my feces and not having the
ability to stand and then the next day I
went home on a plane with a very rough
landing which her yeah I don't talk
about it six months later this is going
to cut into a new clip which wasn't
deleted
Suchi kara says goodbye having a broken
leg wasn't fun it still actually isn't
fun it's a year later I'm still kind of
struggling a little bit you want to see
how much I can bend my leg Ashley show
you at some point I could only bend my
leg okay wait that much that much that's
crazy but now I can get it all the way
to here
are you proud you should be proud it's
still like a bit swollen but I'll get
over it you know I ended up missing
about five or six months of school yes
horrific but honestly I managed to catch
up with all which I don't know how I
even did that I had some really
important exams that I had to do during
the five months of school that I missed
so narrow to the end of where like we
left school for summer I had to come
back for a few days to do some exams now
I was walking around school on my
crutches kind of having some more
mobility back and then I did but I still
couldn't completely walk for like five
months like I wasn't even paying
anywhere on it at all for five months
and I was just walking around school and
I did that was this like little hill by
my school I was with some friends and
all of a sudden once again Kiera got
overconfident and thought that it would
be fun to start running on crutches with
one I fell didn't I
bloody fell I don't even know like how I
that was more painful than the break
like that was more painful than the
actual accident I laid in bed and I
cried and probably overdosed on
paracetamol yeah that was it I guess so
in case you were actually interested
which you probably won't like what I
actually did to it I didn't just break
my leg I did something to my knee where
because my body twisted far away from my
body well my leg was going somewhere
else hold on and enjoy it rips two out
of the four ligaments in my knee from
the bone which then also pulled bone off
of this bone with them so they came like
that and pulled big lumps of bone away
which then fractured my knee I winced at
some pictures if I can find some I
probably won't
you
if you have any questions feel free to
ask them I guess um this has been fun
retelling the first story I ever told on
YouTube crazy how long ago that was and
thank you for all your files and
subscribers
that's insane let me know what you want
me to celebrate I have some really
exciting things coming soon you know
you'll enjoy
I appreciate you a lot thanks to being
around I'm not about to get stopping now
after saying this long normal yeah
follow me on my social media if you
haven't already it's really fun over
there and I do really cool stuff and
interact for you all the time it's kind
of easy to talk to me I don't know I
think yeah I'll see you soon
yep but yeah
