here is good at something hello hi are
you sick of being terrorized and beat to
a pulp for having bad skin because me
too that's why today I'm going to show
you how to be prettier than the haters
let's go um I'm kidding
and secondly like I'm not I've always
prided myself on the ability to have
okay skin however my skin might look
okay like it's clear it doesn't have
like I don't have like this I don't have
like redness but that's because I don't
have any oil in my face to produce those
things so instead of having like this
and stuff my face is incredibly dry and
my skin's really dull and not bright and
shiny at all so you know you can't
really win but you know what does when
facetune so today i'm going to take you
through my amazing wonderful skincare
routine which involves lots of flannels
or one flannel so you can look nice
replenish your organs and I'm not saying
like this is what you need to do to be
pretty well liked but for some people
coming to terms and just self-love and
accepting themself isn't always an
option and if there is something
aesthetic that they can do to you know
make themself happy of himself and that
is great and thus all about the
aesthetics so yeah I guess he goes okay
so I'm going to start the steps and the
things I usually do while I'm in the
bath and like ridding my body of dirt
and soaking myself in a large metal
container of my own liquid filth this is
what I'm going to be using today to
represent a bath this is my face and
this is my cell to start with I guess
you kinda need to get your face but what
so literally if you don't want to do it
in shower or while you're barfing just
get a wet thumb and just moist in your
face moist Wiese now the first thing I'm
going to do because like my face is
incredibly frosty and dry and this
honestly will still work even if your
face is really oily you had like is it
because it will help get rid of
that is exfoliate just discovered this
product called ocean sort by last year's
if I don't know it makes it so soft I'm
not sure how I feel about the smokes I
don't like avocado but we're just gonna
roll with it yeah let's put that wet
flannel on a wire you did you just scoop
of it into her and you can just like dab
it on your face which is really cool and
then you just like right yeah oh yeah it
exfoliates real good and I people use
those like weird brushes but I don't see
a point because that my hands literally
doing the same thing is what that wash
could do I don't gonna and then you just
wipe it away now your face might be red
for a hot minute and don't be alarmed
that's normal
unless it stays red and you're probably
allergic see a doctor you're going to
die yeah I guess like you make sure that
all of that's off because sometimes if
it's left here it could be mistaken for
a booger here dandruff here cocaine now
once I've exfoliated my face the vitamin
E body shot cream cleanser this report
is so good and they work for everything
like stretch marks scars like I have a
bunch of taking books files like I had
one here as for my body I use this stuff
on it gone you just leave it on your
face forever like hey Kier why do you
have a milky light film on your face
sorry
yeah no it's all my tongue and then
after that I use the same thing but it's
a toner I usually put it on like a
cotton bud or pad but I don't have one
and because I'm cheap I'm using my hands
perhaps to stand in so that is kind of
like the basics done next thing is the
lips because you don't we all need our
lips because my skin so I always hear my
lips are always chapped and gross and
dry but they're not too bad right now
because I ever using this this is
literally like a sugar scrub it's from
lush you just put it all over your lips
and then you just remove it and or you
can eat it but I don't know how that
really work I really like the cola one
and I really like the popcorn one but I
have two bubblegum mom right now I don't
really like this but that's the same
thing you just aggressively press it
into your mouth no wonder my lips hate
me my wonder wasn't want to kiss me
why does my ass look like a vagina and
if you do this you can make you look
like Guderian coke you know that like
picture very own
like all the stuff on her nose yeah me
know I have to get out of my doors
because they put it by nose because I've
been idiot
and then literally any lip balm works
this is what I've been using for like
since last Christmas last Christmas rest
in peace if I stop I don't know what
it's called I don't think they sell it
anymore so it doesn't really matter
which is really nice for like purposes
and then there's also this one that
someone got me for Christmas
it's called nature's ingredients find it
somewhere it's vanilla flavor and it's
so buttery like it looks so solid in
here and then you put your finger in it
and it just gets squidgy more you could
literally pay like a whole game of
innuendo bingo of one of my videos
actually be attracted that's try that so
we have gotten this far what next era
now there are a few things I recommend I
still heavily recommend the st. Tropez
tanning oil thing if you want to be more
tanned but probably in the summer
because it's a bit extreme and the only
problem with this is like when you put
it on it's obviously clear so you don't
know the patches you've missed and it
can be a mess you have to be kind of
good and know what you're doing which I
don't I still use it because I don't
listen and I don't make any attempt to
better my abilities or anything that's
why I still have like two subscribers or
there's this thing from lush it's called
celestial this is Celestia so that it's
a facial moisturizer and I only have two
little like sample top with that boy is
this amazing it works you know those
things that just like work like I can't
see this not working for someone who
needs a little bit of moisture in your
life I mean you could get like your
daddy but moisturizer works too and you
just do that and rub it in and discover
all the salt on your face you know gross
laughs didn't choose me I toes a ghost
right that's the wrong way around but
actually more fitting yeah boy and
finally the last like actual skincare
product I shall be sharing with you is
this Estee Lauder cream miracle repair
advanced night repair eye recovery
combat now this is hella expensive this
is my mother's I stole it and because I
have real
about dark circles I can you tell this
fixes
absolutely everything my eyes feel like
a baby penis like a little baby foreskin
so yeah that's kind of it for the
skating apart but there are a few things
I want to share with you because I'm
great that I feel like just brighten my
skin make it seem better being skinned
and overall not as gross first of all
some might argue that this is a terrible
idea what am i doing you're disgusting
get off the internet and eradicate
yourself from a bit of there's this
highlighter in this room out by Kate
Moss palette a bit here and I think it's
absolutely amazing and I think just
having like a tiny bit of highlighter on
can literally change your face that you
don't you found Asian or anything I
think it's so good like for putting even
under your eyes like that because it
just reflects a light and it makes you
seem way more like cool and that is like
head of glittery don't use a helical it
reward just use like a very light
reflecting Club which I feel like this
one really is
I thought it this is one of those
products it doesn't quite show its true
like working this on camera though it
does every mirror which I have right
here like I think this looks so good I
will set a self yet it with this like on
like right here next thing is this thing
from YSL I've it's called I remotes info
and basically you press this like bust
in a few times in this pink liquid
spills at the top disgusting and you put
it on your eyes much professional thing
I ever owned you grab that grab you even
if you learn up and you just put it on
your eyes so I use this room now
concealer cord
lastly finish concealer yes I don't know
what shade is I just put my Beauty
thunder in that and then dab it on that
like I love it
like I love it like I want because
obviously your skin isn't going to fix
itself overnight no matter what products
you use so if there is some like just
like a tiny bit of makeup you can put on
just to like help you as you're going
through Robin completely taking your
face and like destroying your skin even
more then that would be good and finally
I feel like eyebrows always bring things
together like not even like for eyebrows
just like fill in your eyebrows
so yeah like I feel like just like a
tiny bit of eyebrow always helps energy
have short eyelashes even musk are just
a tiny bit like things that just don't
really affect your skin that much give
it a try like I don't even know anymore
because I know it all the time like when
you're at school you don't want to like
worry about your makeup by just knowing
like little tips and stuff that can help
you kind of look put together and make
you feel confident without having to
layer your face like this thick in
makeup
wow that was most professional sentence
I think I've ever seen in my life back
to being completely incompetent I hope
you found this useful I hope you invest
in some of these really cool products
that I really enjoy because I feel like
they will help your face be better a lot
they sure do help me I know I really get
a bunch of comments like carrier skins
fine like why are you complaining why
are you doing this to me to do anything
everyone has different issues just
because someone else has a different
issue to you doesn't minimize that issue
yeah sure my problem was like having
dull skin and dark under eye circles
isn't bad as someone that has a full
face and cystic acne but it's still
something that I want to perfect because
I'd like to look okay and if you have a
problem with that there's the door like
there is the door over that was helpful
I'm gonna go now this was forever make
sure you share this video actually share
it is kind of maybe helpful and I put
too much of like actual brain working
into it subscribe to me if you haven't
subscribed to me before again and like
this video and give it lots of times and
follow me on my social media I'll link
it below my name is Kiera
I didn't say that yeah bye
