hi-yah so this video is kind of tutorial
which is also kind of out of my comfort
zone and if you've seen the last one
then well I mean kind of
self-explanatory honestly however it
didn't turn out that bad and last night
I went to a party and I thought look
kind of hot not fly my own boat if you
know what I mean
I thought I looked alright so I'm going
to show you how to do that because yeah
also this may sound really good I really
recommend it mmm let's go oh sorry I
forgot I was filming video ok so I would
tie my hair back usually but firstly
it's on do you mind
but honestly I can't find one I can't be
bothered to look for him because hey so
yeah I'm gonna talk you into my bar so
actual serious review right now actual
serious review sponsor me please
this is Giorgio Armani luminous silk
foundation and shade number 4 it
actually matches my skin tone
everyone always complains about how my
body is a different color to my face yes
yes I'm aware but I feel like this one
actually matches my skin tone
dude I'm a really weird skin color and I
don't even tell like I'm white and I'm
pale but also I'm quite tan and all
those like just naturally I don't know
okay and it's really difficult to find
it in my skin tone I'm an anomaly I
learn that word in science anyway see ya
what you do is I just like pump pump
pump like free free should be fine oh I
don't wish eyes my face usually I use
oil on my face to make it soft because
I've really crusty flaky skin picking
out little minute fill thing that makes
my skin look less like I've just been
taken out of a morgue and just like hey
look put some makeup on this dead person
which is really dead but like that -
makeup on her anyway anyway nude so you
put makeup on because you're ugly and
you don't want to be ugly anymore okay
so this is my face and this is my
foundation I just get my Beauty Blender
I pre dampened it this time tell me how
proud you are in a corner and then you
just see
look and I don't like thick foundation
on because my skin is kind of my pride
and joy like my skin my best feature
like an organ is my favorite feature Wow
how more self-deprecating could I be
that's like saying you live is your
favorite feature because skin is an
organ did you know that me like hey
what's your favorite feature about your
boyfriend
Oh his right kidneys really really
really hot yeah we get real freak you of
that right kidney if you know what I
mean
hey lots of peeing on each other now do
and I'm just going to stay in here
because where is it next is this
concealer that I bought yesterday it's
the Kat Von D locket foundation Kat Von
D locket concede lot in the shade l11
neutral focus do you swatch concealers
or is that just eyeshadow I'll do it
here and it's really thick it kind of
feels like I can't say that it kind of
feels like condensed milk with like some
flour in it it's really thick but it's
also very malleable and blendy you know
what it means so yeah I kind of just do
that because I don't sleep sleep is it
dirty to just apply it straight to your
face probably I say is every time I do
anything makeup related like there's at
least ten Beauty girls out there if you
want to decapitate crucify hand-drawn
quarter take me to the top of the Empire
State Building
fir me off and just mutilate me in
general you know just general mutilation
I see people do this stuff and things
like this and things like this
so I do it anyway another thing I'd like
to add is that I'm American a person I'm
not a beauty guru I'm not makeup artist
or someone with like excessive amount of
years of training in how to be good at
doing makeup I'm just a regular person
so for the average regular person it
might benefit you more seeing how a
regular person like myself does my
makeup I mean I'm slightly below regular
but it might benefit you more because
then you can see how I do it and I have
no skill
I'm unskilled and then I did some really
fancy with my eyes last night if you
want kind of cheap affordable brushes
and then I really recommend real
techniques ones I kind of use the same
brush for everything I know that's
really bad but I get this no techniques
brush and I use own decay ultimate
basics palette this is the nicest thing
I've ever owned I love that orange and
everyone's like always comments and if I
wear around saying like oh my gosh what
I shadow is that oh my gosh that's a
taco - oh I like whatever I do I like
hate doing good makeup on YouTube
because whenever I do good makeup then
everyone always like wait I don't care
about the video let's just talk about
the makeup and I'm like boy so I just
use that yellow color there and then I'm
going to use this one and now I'm just
going to go over top of that I'm gonna
go in - yeah I'm just gonna blow the
dust all over my like 900-pound
commercial yeah and now I'm just gonna
get this color here I think that's why I
did anyway and then I just like do that
at work and then I use a really dark
brown next to it right here and I just
got over that
and you just kind of like fart up here
you know just like whoa-ho
next I get the orange color that
everyone likes this one right here and
then I put it right here in the middle
laughs that was a cool party a lot of
stuff went wrong as what happens at
parties and have you ever been to a
party where crazy stuff happened show
your craziest party experience in the
comments I actually am genuinely
intrigued I always love reading your
comments
they're always actually really
interesting and I feel like I have such
a cool group of like supporters or ever
you want to call myself I remember um
you all do like interesting stuff my
cameras and what if I'm a cop too a
holdup um yeah
and feel free to join if you're new here
and subscribe everyone is really great
like everyone that like I feel like
everyone watches my videos is a really
nice person and if you're sick of like
people's fan bases and stuff being
really mean because there are a lot of
youtubers over the meanest fan bases in
the world I've come join this one
because everyone's really nice which is
crazy because I'm honestly not that good
of a person and then I use that shiny
color
I think I just got an eye brush hair on
my eyeball feels really uncomfortable it
hurts a lot I did this in the last video
as well yeah I feel like that looks
seamless enough can you see my eyelash
mites I'm kidding
now the next step is kind of optional
wait no it's not do it otherwise I'll
sit over and but it's like really fun
and exciting and something that I kind
of invented but I didn't buy like to
think like so you have to like a small
little brush like this this is a really
gross and it was really cheap and gross
and but yeah and then why do is I get
some lip balm I don't really use this
one too often and then I just kind of
coat the brush in lip balm this is a
good option if like most people you
don't own one of those weird gooey stuff
mac fix+ oh my gosh which I should
probably buy no and then get the Naked
palette or just any palate honestly
because they're all kind of the same
this one is just naked and sex sells
kids and and then I get this gold color
right in the middle you can't so i
swatch it yeahgood swatching here and
then I dip this in and I get it really
coated here goes okay so you basically
make eyeliner with it I can't do it
and you know what this is really
effective you know because actually it
stayed on the whole night like I had no
I shattered enough but you know I did
have that just this one gold line just
like hey I'm karat gold line hi nice to
meet you what's your name Gold Line
comeback on flight yeah a little bit
last night but we're just kidding and
then the thing when they do this as well
because apparently symmetry is pretty
OnLive an eyelash in my eye
next time she can do my eyebrows this is
a Mac eyebrow pencil this is new to
sinner shades stud I felt like it's a
little bit off but I work with it also I
already used its iconic I felt like
people over finger eyebrows too much and
you really have to follow the shape of
your actual eyebrow just kind of color
and if people say it your face isn't
like a coloring book but when you have
an outline it is like coloring book I've
used actual like pen in my eyebrows
before I'm still standing
I'm the life I was fair and I think
poisoning my face
okay so now you to make it look that you
actually have structure on your face and
you're not just a 2d character so I'm
using hoola bronzer this nothing's
changed same thing forever and always
but I thought that I put too much on
today because I have a new product I'd
like to share with you this is the light
extra part you know I mean I thought it
uses only for sexy days this isn't
holidays this is just for sexy days
because it's a bit extra
um this is matched mineralized
skinfinish in global glow it's kind of
dark but honestly I like I get this big
fluffy brush this is probably wrong and
I dip it in there dip it yes like
barbecue sauce and then also another
thing I encourage going to underrated
pizza places please because I always
went to Domino's like dominos is my
favorite place but last night we were
tired it was like free and everyone was
shot but there's this pizza place called
Pizza gogo and oh my gosh was it amazing
it was the most like it was such a good
pizza I had a like a chicken barbecue
pizza but I took off the peppers and
onions and right now I just took off the
onions I didn't take off the peppers
cliff forgot and then I picked them off
myself and then I put olives on it and
it was really good yeah
this stuff makes you really bronzy and
like nice but it's not like over-the-top
FONSI if you know I mean let me turn the
bias on okay and then if you're feeling
like a nice cute pretty girl who likes
to have blood in her place then you can
use blood but honestly I don't know
where mine is that bit on hot notes on
so I use a dandelion brush even though I
feel like it doesn't actually do
anything physical like looking like I've
blood in my face anyway I'm like a bit
here
okay I I lash cream
yeah I'm not really a false lashes kind
of person I'm not the kind of person who
would like something on me that looks
force if you don't I mean like I
wouldn't wear fake looking hair
extensions or you know I mean like some
people it looks good on but some people
it just doesn't and that person isn't me
well of them always the person I'd like
I'm always the exclusion so I like I'm
always like oh carrot like oh the weird
is yeah
wherever normal is mega velvet teddy by
mark what's new everyone uses as I don't
think I need to go cover my lips of that
I've stopped over lining my lips
recently because I realize and it's like
kind of big enough as it is and I just
look stupid I over line them and then I
get this weird gold one I'm sorry I
couldn't tell you right from it's kind
of old and then I got over top in the
middle yeah this is my face this is my
hair this is me some recommendations may
include first thing being this diamond
choker everyone always asked me where
it's from it's a river island it was
like twelve pounds or something I really
recommend this on link in description
these boob things you put them here when
you have a backless dress or whatever it
keeps them on there suctioning these
shoes they're from in the style
they're amazing those most beautiful
shoes I've ever worn I mean I wore them
like five hours and my I can't fill
these Fritos but it's honestly okay yes
recommend 10 out of 10 and thirdly the
most beautiful dress I've ever owned in
my life and possibly the most expense
it's short it's backless it's from house
of Seabee I'll link in the description
I'll put some pictures of me wearing it
it's so nice nicki minaj perfume oh my
gosh this is so good it's like really
light and nice and pretty
yeah yeah also don't dye hair blonde
it's ugly I hate this I want to go that
Brown again look at my roots I miss that
color anyway I hope you like this I'm
really bad if you have a subscribe P
subscribe follow me on my social media
and see me look pretty on other
platforms because honestly and beautiful
and yeah I'll see you another time don't
fake tan too badly but also do because
relatable you know and also Brian
I am never
be good announcer how many subscribers
so I have now right 10 what a butt
