hi what's up I'm outside um okay this is
a bit weird pretty much behind me
is this massive forest so it looks like
kind of really terrifying and I don't
want to go in it but you know what views
so I'm gonna be I said too many words
too fast for the next 24 hours which is
it a day I'm gonna be living in there
with nothing apart from make my skin and
my words I'm gonna go into it I don't
think your words are gonna help you in
the forest you can't as likely just tell
a tree to like give you food wait you
can't speak to the trees no no I mean if
I don't speak to an object anyway so we
have a couple of ground rules in place
for this challenge but firstly I have
literally nothing I don't have any water
mainly because we couldn't find any
water bottles I don't have any food hey
drinking oh yeah this was the last one
I'm sorry it's mine I don't have a ten I
don't have a house I actually all of
that myself I have to catch my own food
like a a dog I have to build my own tent
like a caveman out of nature and that is
so scary on my back I have a backpack
filled with some resources I don't know
what's in here Morgan packed it and this
is now what thank you okay so go in
there
yeah I'm just gonna I'm gonna go in okay
okay
this isn't going very well is it I don't
even think she knows how to get into the
forest yeah at lone stay in it for 24
hours yep here she comes
okay so first like good thing I guess is
I have found an entire plethora of
fairies and there's also more berries
over there let's see get some snacks but
once we're in we probably won't be able
to come back out yet you better get pic
in sight Coppola most of them look
disease Oh looks like you miss that one
here she goes
dude I just squishing in my hands I
don't think this is a good food source
oh no Kara this could be a easy that
that will bark just just get some
berries okay I'm terrified I don't even
like it when it gets nighttime in
Minecraft but because it's a public
woods why there's so many flappers in
the sky so many what in the sky did you
say flappers mm-hmm I think you're
supposed to call them Birds Oh like it's
the middle of the day they don't like it
you want to say you're at nighttime Kira
what's the first thing you do when you
spawn into Minecraft you get resources
and you build a house yeah okay house
build a house how do we build a house Oh
tree
Steve tree Steve minecraft in real life
isn't working right now simulation is
broken I know what we can do yeah get
the bike park what's in the backpack I
don't know maybe should have a look feel
like Dora the Explorer
yeah so not like a ninja sword on acts
like a ninja
the kitchen scissors yeah I don't just
have a stock of ninja weapons in my back
guard and do our goodness a people dog
no tree one cares their own thing you're
gonna be able to chop this one down with
scissors yeah yeah if I find the Badger
can I keep sure number one how you're
gonna find a badger and how do you plan
on catching the Badger how do you plan
on looking after the Badger how do you
plan on taking about your home you know
if you manage to do all of that you can
have the Badger thank you I feel like
the Badger really wants to spend some
time with me I think we may have found a
perfect Bay so I thought this would be a
good base because it's a nice all
clearing however it's great deep into
the wood so murderers are less likely to
find me and decapitate me there is also
a tree here and a roof a roof yeah I'm
building the house if you are even pick
up a log no okay find some more good bye
why are you hurting mother nature come
with me
can you tell why don't go outside March
that consisted of me and Morgan just
king around the woods me and Morgan not
really doing much productive this is the
best we could come up with housewives
what we're moving but we built this we
can't just leave it babe we did that
very sort of spider cenang thing yeah
that's good then over there oh my god
guys guys guys do you see what these are
oh god guys look at that there's another
one oh my god Kara Kara I found
something
dinner is served so I guess now that
we've found a collection of food slash
poison slash hi this is my last video
please subscribe so I can die with two
million subscribers I guess we have to
cook it geo kindly brought me some
matches because I don't really know how
the whole Robbie stick together things
work didn't really pay attention in
school did they even teach that in
school no that's they have one tissue
I'm gonna starve am I doing this right
if we create a forest fire I guess
that's where our lives end because we
can't leave that can't leave the forest
that would be breaking the challenge you
have to try it alive for we're
sacrificing it no yeah
what do you mean sacrificing it well
just in case that gets a bit out of
control we can just Merlyn not sure
quite does the same fire extinguishing
job as water birth I can't even cook on
an oven I'm just gonna stop this
mushroom with a stick so I can like hold
it over the fire
who's burning the tissues that catching
fire oh my god oh my god here we go
no you're actually going cook that
mushroom boy cook that much you've got
that mushroom I think I think it's
working
I genuinely think I've accomplished
something I can't off the mushrooms
cooking or just disintegrating oh no the
fire is escaping in the wind
why is wind happening why is happening
whoa
should we stomp it out yes don't stop
sugar sugar sugar tink is it dad
I can't tell there's still orange little
things on the floor I've already stopped
out here nothing happened to the Martian
apart from it no stop think about what
you're doing you have no other food okay
Kira check the bag again I did put some
backup food in there but you're still
gonna have to cook it it's not just a
good bite for the night yeah hey you
know I hate apples they make me cost for
some reason but it's like the only
edible thing here hey that's mine that's
mine
Dorf that's mine hey no that's mine
that's mine
your food is in the bag all you best get
your fire started again because now
right there is a raw potato oh my god
oh my god carrot be careful be careful
kara you're gonna sit that's one hot
potato down there oh my god oh yeah by
the way probably not the best
but mom just text me and said my
dinner's ready in five minutes so I'll
be coming back in like 20 minutes but
like I gotta go have my food the poor
woman just cooked it for me why did you
decide to do the video oh gosh oh no
she's gonna have to eat a vegetable
oh my goodness guys I've never seen
kirbridge eat a vegetable before this is
how you can tell she's she's hitting all
new low when Kara put some vegetable him
off you know she's going through a
traumatic experience yep there it comes
and there we go she still hasn't eaten
anything I don't even have my phone hmm
that's just me alone in the forest okay
okay so it is about I don't know what
the time is I don't have a clock um I
don't have a phone I wasn't allowed to
bring one with me it's dark low it's
like really really really dark I'm using
the flash from my camera which has
gotten very dim and I don't know why I
get scared shutting the window when it's
nighttime like sticking my hand out into
the dark abyss I get scared doing that I
get scared when it turns nighttime on
Minecraft and now I'm just in the
wilderness on my own the Sun is setting
Morgan said that he'd be back in like 20
minutes because he eats fast because
here's the chunky boy I don't really
have a good perception of time bites a
and we was a bug on me I'd say it's been
at least 15 now since he left the potato
is untouched I haven't eaten I want to
say it's about 9:00 9:30 p.m. it's still
like summer time so it doesn't get dark
like until quite late I am scared and I
keep hearing sounds over there like just
round and kind of like Twiggy like
typical horror movie someone steps on a
twig in the forest sound effects and I
am pooping myself if my light just
flickered oh my god it's my only source
of lighting is dying if I like you I'll
keep you updated I'll let you know if
Morgan comes back this is this is spooky
this is the outside equivalent of lights
flickering but has probably been like an
hour
and there is actually no sign of Morgan
I am terrified I'm scared to move
because I keep hearing sounds like in
the forest behind me in front of me god
oh my god
why is my channel just turning into a
horror series okay so um I but this is
like terrifying and I don't know why
Morgan hasn't come back he said he was
gonna come back and he promised he
wouldn't leave me I don't know why he'd
I have nothing my only source is right
now this is actually all I have to say
it would have for you guys to see me
with I'm so freaked out this is not the
type of thing I'd normally do and oh my
sweat
why did they go Morgan Morgan it's so
much lighter out here than a four it's
like bitch back inside the woods I
thought it was like midnight already I'd
let you dress everything behind like the
food and everything oh my god they're so
footsteps behind me I mean where's
Morgan listen the feeling was that for
me
what you mean didn't come back he said
he came for dinner and then and then
they'd come back to me
he hasn't been back here Cara he hasn't
been by do you mean he has to come home
it didn't come here it's nothing back
what
