hi I guess I kind of have some
explaining to do
done mmm a lot um look a youtuber making
excuses
what new so I'm not gonna make excuses
I'm just gonna say follow me on Twitter
so probably down for the reasons why I
haven't been able to upload mainly
because my laptop broke and Apple stupid
but then apples nice and said to fix it
for free but then they count on my
appointment long story and then secondly
and because important school stuff like
out of the ordinary school so that's as
much people don't have to deal with see
ya that um follow me on Twitter and
Instagram
cuz I'm beautiful and perfect and let's
get on with the video so today's a
rather angry video I think it's going to
somewhat resemble my video on trash last
week where just ranted about a bunch of
stuff well don't you shoot money I'll be
able to buy new eyes right the world
it's a thing it exists it's here in the
universe and many aspects of it make me
incredibly angry I'm sure a lot of you
can relate with this but recently I've
been feeling robbed existential and I
always feel a little bit essential but
I've been feeling out of the ordinarily
it's a phrase existential recently I
have been questioning everything I don't
know if that's the age I'm getting to I
have literally been questioning my
existence like why was I here why was I
born you know you know that's just
disregard everything I just said because
I have a lot of things I hate about the
world I hate about everything I'm gonna
talk about it I hope you like this I'm a
very mediocre person the first thing I'm
going to be talking about is fingernails
and the importance of fingernails and
why'd you not understand it okay firstly
fingernails right there hit that crush
don't look at them
but the thing is I shouldn't be like
they're gross don't look at them because
I think they're beautiful in their way
don't bully shame don't fingernail shame
I don't get the whole long painted nails
trans I mean my nails aren't like short
school I don't like them when they
exceed my like finger you know I
just before they're they're not like
short and like studying but they're not
long because I don't get it I don't get
why you'd want to let mildly disable
yourself mildly disable your ability to
pick up things with your fingers I don't
understand it I have full use of my
fingertips do you long now people know
you don't it's time to make finger tips
great again both Kira I get it and also
because I'm quite like I guess a nervous
person I'm very confident out there
person as you can probably gather um I'm
also very nervous I'm shaking right now
I think she sit down and shake my leg
like this like all day long 24/7 I'm not
wrong on me don't dive with me please so
I think I'm dying
yeah I tend to bite my nails a lot in
situations where I feel uncomfortable or
situations where I'm too comfortable if
you know I mean Evan it's a problem so
I'm cool I just wish I could go out into
the world feeling like they were
beautiful like I have beautiful nails
but no people though these long draft
neck nails like this shiny stuff on and
like I don't get it what's that new
thing like Chrome no Chrome is for
refrigerators and kitchen work services
only not your fingernails I don't get it
I don't get it and now fees nail fees
whatever you want to call people a
pictures of her nails
no no um selfies are for your face okay
I have lots of them follow me in
Instagram sure thing
I'm not okay with is naps and I'm not
okay with the way they make me feel now
naps
everyone's have a nap I'm sure unless
you're some kind of creature then I jump
off building I don't know people take
naps when they've had a long day at work
and they're coming home and you feel
tired and you just want to snuggle up
lay on your bed on the floor in my case
and just sleep just sleep just you know
just like sleep for an hour maybe two is
to regenerate however I cannot do this I
do not know why I can't nap and it's a
problem now I'm a very nap person I used
to nap a lot until I realized every time
I woke up from a nap
I felt ten times worse and when I
started I didn't feel tired I didn't
feel worn out I felt yeah if you know
what I mean mm-hmm
hey Kara how was your nap hmm that's how
I feel and it's not fair because I can't
sleep at night I think I might have
insomnia not so me Lina insomnia I'm not
sure I don't feel like going to your
doctor but I find it really difficult to
get to sleep
early at night it's probably just
because I can't go my funk like whatever
priorities you know oh it's really
annoying that I can't take naps anymore
because I love them so much I don't know
what's wrong with my body I know a lot
of people experiences I have googled it
and I just learned it is just some
people's response to going to sleep for
a little time and then waking up but the
rest of humanity takes naps it's just a
thing that happens it's embedded into
society where can we embed it into my
body's natural I don't know what
controls naps your brain I buy high I
don't feel like putting my own iPad a
gross video back on a little stand that
I've created over there you didn't even
see um so yeah I'm just gonna like and
here why am I the way that I am mother
takes me anyway so yeah I was feeling a
little bit angry about those two things
today and I was thinking about the
reform mm why don't make a little video
to just let people know that I'm alive
my laptop should be revised revised
revive it soon and I have a video that I
filmed about a few weeks ago and I've
been planning for like like two months
to do so yeah and I really hope that you
like that
it's gonna be lit I promise I'll get
back on track I'm sorry it wasn't my
fault
I want to make videos I promise I suck
by mistake by love you follow me make me
more famous okay bye
