hi so I'm blonde gone are the days where
I had hair that looked like I just put
toilet cleaner on my hands were up
differing my hair and let it simmer for
a few hours until I had something that
looks way below mediocre I actually paid
money for this and since now I'm blonde
I thought and I thought you know now I'm
blonde I might look nice in pink
lipstick and well I don't that's better
Brown simple boring and basic like my
lifestyle
honestly I like such a basic bitch today
but I don't care or look I have wings oh
my god I'm a flying squirrel I'm just
graceful um I miss her story that I told
this story before when I first started
YouTube and I filmed on wet iPhone 5s
and I had no lights they used the life
of my window even though I didn't even
tell my blinds around the right waist
and likely to actually sign on my face
it just shined in there yeah whatever I
told his story back then and I was a
flop
and so I'd Lisa and I'm going to head
again also only got like 200 views and I
doubt those people still stuck around so
he goes if you saw it um thanks for
sticking around also sorry also bye
you're probably not gonna watches so um
I hate myself and this story really does
describe why I do this starts back when
I was 10 or 9 or 8 you know one of those
numbers like you don't really care about
like you know they just happened and you
don't really remember anything that
happened and I had this friend who I
pray is not watching this we don't know
each other anymore really so like it's a
bit irrelevant but anyway we're gonna
tell this story and I hope I don't get
arrested like great you know she was
just a nice person she was just like my
life people do a front of because like
you went to the same school and you're
surrounded by the same people and like
your favorite color was the same you
know like you know you know and I always
found her mom to be really stuck-up she
was all like oh yeah you know what I
mean
and they had this really nice house they
had everything that like a playroom
bitch I didn't have a playroom and um
yeah so one day I was invited around her
house I've been to her house before but
I was going to her house specifically
because she caught gerbils
and if you don't know what gerbils are
they're kinda like mice come like that
called my skinny piggy small animal
and I like this big on there just like
colorful and they just like you know I
mean you know I mean
so we honor how I love animals like I'm
literally like I go to parties because
like someone has a dog wha-ha there's a
mouse in my house um that's weird
I'm being dead freaking serious over the
mouse in my house I honestly could not
make that up if I tried I wouldn't lie
about my house having verminator so when
I was talking about mice my mother
screamed I'll leave it in so you can
hear it and this mouse once throughout
the fridge goes underneath the washing
machine and now it's gone
I asked if we can keep it as a pet but
she said no I'm not happy that's just
like a little bit weird like honestly
that's just like a bit weird you know
like just like a little bit weird
why did you that anyway back to my story
I was going around this girl's house
because she had new pets and I love
animals they want to be anywhere as an
animal I can play with an animal so I
don't have to talk to the person you
know I'll make gosh I'm sorry labels I
was really excited I always get excited
to go around people's houses who have
pets I can meet who I can play with
because I'm not even saying this to be a
relatable bitch like I honestly do spend
time with the animals and they sit there
and enjoy their presence I love animals
I even like sit there and play for cats
even though I hate cats I'm so allergic
to them but you know what I mean you
know I mean not me so I finally get to
our house I was super excited to play it
with these gerbils we get in there and
the first PSA is in can I take the job
of so actually yeah that's got another
job I want to show you my new gerbils
she takes me in to this room and it's
all I get officee computery sort of like
playroom where their computer is like
all the rich people equipment is lo and
behold there was a glorious looking cage
on the side and it had two beautiful
little gerbils in so naturally I wanted
her to get them out you got them out I
held them I was in love there was a
black one and there was a white one and
this white one boy so her mum was like
can you please take the jobless upstairs
to the playroom that way you can like
shut the door you know they're not gonna
like run around I was like that sounds
like a really stupid idea but like okay
so we took the job as opposite flavour
and we put them on the floor and let
have a run around and this was
absolutely the most stupid thing you
could have done thinking about it this
like what were you thinking like it was
a big player in like a big room like it
was like more like really bigger than my
bedroom my bedroom lot like small it was
just full of stuff it was full of toys
as the kids playroom it there was like a
piano there were big dolls houses there
was everything you know that governor
who sought from Charlie and Chocolate
Factory and she's like Daddy I want to
squirrel and I want one now this
playroom look like what her playroom
would look like these little gerbils
were running around and we were like
having fun with them we were like
playing of them we what I'm saying oh hi
Jarrell how was it being a gerbil and I
was like holding it and I was like doing
things that one dance with a gerbil like
I can't even like elaborate on that so
he was like okay let's let this one run
off so I put the white one down she let
it run off around the room having a
great time and we started paying
attention to the black one I remember
this specifically because the black one
ran behind the big piano in the room and
I was like oh okay it's fine then we
need to get out because it's like gonna
die and a piano is gonna fall it's gonna
like cool into the piano
can you crawl into a piano I don't know
it's like this more they can get really
small spaces as I love from the mouse
downstairs crawling into adapt like no
swing like um yeah
like why did you have to crawl into the
gap I wanted to play with you like jeez
so we're like saying they're like on the
floor trying to convince this gerbil to
come out from behind the piano so like
we don't lose it so we're like sitting
here saying hey J I will come out and
like trying to reach our little baby
arms in this little gap behind a piano
like hey Joe more like don't be in there
anymore like come out here we want to
play a few we don't actually care about
your health or well-being geez we just
want like like me you know it became
about this job wasn't coming out anytime
soon so we thought okay and just leave
it there
it'll come out on sometime we can't stay
back there forever we were two small
children we couldn't put a piano about
and we didn't want to go and tell her
parents that this job or drama hunt
piano because they would probably be
angry I don't know I doubt they'd be
angry but we were children and you think
your parents and adults are gonna be
angry with you about anything when I was
younger we used to have to write like
stories for like English when I was like
six or seven I got to word no one you
know like
unnecessary care anyway got to that one
I didn't know if it was like no and then
one or no - one or no one like I didn't
know how to do that so I just didn't
write the word and for about like free
solid lessons I just sat there like this
just like looking at it because I was
scared to write the word in case I got
it wrong and someone would get angry at
me and so I just like start them didn't
write anything like where's my logic
anyway we thought those going to get
argue us because this animal that we
cannot control who has a mind of its own
just I didn't want to go behind piano
and I gave up because I give up and have
no patience I was on my knees like bent
down on my knees like sitting on my feet
if you know what I mean
and I like shuffled to the side so I
like lifting my knee up and put it back
down on the floor to the other side -
like facing off away and when I put my
knee down I wasn't looking at it and I
felt a crunch oh boy and I didn't even
look down and as soon as I felt this
crunch I knew exactly what it was
and I wanted to die say the least I was
like please don't be the job he doesn't
be the Gerald please don't be the
fricking gerbil oh yeah I look down it
was a car I'm kidding it's a gerbil it
was an actual gerbil of course it was a
job or of course I crushed the freaking
job or the here's how I go out of it I
was going to be in so much trouble and
they were never gonna let me - their
huge house of all these toys ever again
so um now she was crouched down and
looking behind this piano so I thought
she's not looking at me she doesn't know
I've crushed it like my little is having
your brain was like working like this
because I was terrified
I felt so bad they'd killed this animal
and I still feel bad about it to this
day because I love animals but at the
same time I love toys she wasn't looking
so I thought what's the point of getting
in trouble for something you know it's
dead anyway so I walked over to the
other side of the room really quietly
and then I pointed at it and insert her
name
I went look at the gerbil oh my gosh
like
just laying on the floor and she's like
ah buzzer ah goes wrong wrong she looked
it and she like freaked out so did I I
was like it finally hit me the shock
finally wore out I was like it's dead
it's freakin dead so we ran downstairs
and got her parents and said something's
happened to the gerbil we don't know
what's happened to it but something's
happened to the gerbil obviously they
were freaked out because like I know
expensive gerbils are I don't know what
kind of attachment the parents had to
these rebels but they were like oh and
animals died in our home we don't want
to get arrested like let's go and check
it out so they walk upstairs we walk
upstairs behind them like almost crying
she's crying I'm like and they walk into
the room they look on the floor where
the frickin gerbil was and it wasn't
there hey bitch why did you come they
look around for a second I told this is
a big room like a lot of stuff in it and
they see on the other side of the room I
don't know how this crushed-up job got
on to the other side of the room but hey
and I remember so vividly in my mind it
was saying that like all like I have
some like blood dripping off with loans
and it was completely dead and so her
dad who seemed to be quite nice like
knelt down and was like touching the jaw
bones like whoa it's so crushing so Mike
must have hit it really hard
seems like it could have been a person
does any of you like no I don't trust my
lying skills all that great back then I
was like oh no it wasn't me and like I
don't know I just saw it like it was
just their cover up scheme so I thought
hmm what have I learned from my lessons
about Hitler if I haven't learned how to
scapegoat I blamed everything on the
dolls house so she had like a bunch of
Sylvanian family houses I don't know if
you remember those but you'd like
there'd be the houses you'd always ask
for like the really big ones new pets
would always be like y'all know because
they're like hella dollar
well she had them and I was like mmm I
was like maybe one of the houses fell on
it because conveniently one of them like
a little campervan thing had it slid off
and it was like on its side I can't
describe it by just remember there's so
vividly like of course I remember my
murder escape plan I was like what if
one of the Sylvanian houses fell on it
because it looks like it could have
happened over there
and she was like oh my god that makes so
much sense like you probably fell on it
and then the blue haired totally didn't
step on it I said haha hi parents like
yeah it seemed quite like a pause of all
life idea like you know that probably
may have did happen like it seems like
the kind of thing that could have
happened like it seemed realist and they
believed it and we just went and sat in
her little outside house yeah outside
house and cried you know honestly I bet
she was a bit like confused as to what I
was crying about it because I never had
any attachment to this job or that's
like crying going for someone like you
don't like someone goes up here says oh
my long-distance great aren't cousin
died and then you just like bursting
into tears you know I just never had any
attachment to this gerbil prior to this
event and I don't even play if like ten
minutes now honestly thinking back on it
I bet her parents know it was me that
was such a bad excuse the dogs house
fell on it but um if you're watching
this like I'm really sorry a comfortable
it was an accident and I love animals to
everyone watching please don't call
RSPCA on me I love my dog I'm not Jim I
don't care of him I only beat him
sometimes I'm kidding bad joke and it
was an accident and I'm sure you'd want
to cover your traces to a few killed a
gerbil so I hate myself by now so really
subscribe and give this video a thumbs
up and leave a comment like have you
ever killed anything for action have you
ever witnessed the death of an animal
that's a bit too much what do you think
of my new hair like I know comment
somethink I like it when you do that and
follow me on instagram ginger snap chats
all down there I'm so good at this
outro bye don't kill animals please
