hi well if you're wondering why I'm
sitting down here today it's because uh
I'm scared it just seems like more comfy
in a corner and I can just like back
away and it's like a quick exit you know
so it's just like ignore this because
I'm I'm gonna be telling a ghost story
this is something I've been putting off
for quite a while because I am a pussy
but I feel like the world needs to know
because it's like kind of funny no it's
not funny I'm terrified this is one of
those situations where I like pretend
I'm cool to the camera but really I'm
like dying inside it's like when I say
like a bad word and I think oh yeah
they're gonna think I'm so cool be
inside I'm like oh if my mom sees that
she's gonna be me you know I mean you
know I mean this is a story that
contains I'm like footage if you will
because I've always kind of wanted to do
that so if you're interested in that
kind of thing then keep watching because
at least I can link back up what I'm
saying I'm just gonna get into it
because I don't want to be spending time
talking about this I don't need to be
talking about it you know what I mean I
mean and if the ghost in question and
happens to watch this video take my
firstborn child take my dog but please
don't take me and a gush of air comes
under my door and hits me in the
backside hmm okay so this story starts
about a year ago is started in like the
coldness you know what it's like really
drab outside and everyone's miserable
wants likes let each other's throat and
it's just like really drab everyone hate
each other I'm just like what's to fall
into a ditch and die you know that kind
of weather like not cold like not like
you know I like just gloomy just
disgusting like my lifestyle you know
but it was like at the point where you
need a coach like insulate your like
body heat to like you know like and keep
you warm so you don't die you know like
how penguins huddle together like like
that you know I mean I don't want
talking about so for school I needed my
warm coat and my school has uniform and
our coats have to be black we can't let
anything else but a black coat has to be
that of where there's liquor is okay so
like of course I only buy like one black
coat for school because like I just kind
of
same one every day you know like no one
that's just looking really nice and so
was my one that I really loved that coat
please understand one day going to
school decided that I need the coat I
get it out I wear it to school what I
say one day this was everyday I remember
specifically I get the coat I wear it
upstairs to my room I dump it on my bed
my mum puts it away in my wardrobe ok
she hangs it up and it's all safe it's
all good that's what happens every day
now I remember specifically this was a
weekend and I needed to wear that coat
for something because it went with what
I'm wearing I'm not sure and so I go up
says I can't find the coat anywhere and
Barrowman this was an expensive go so
it's not like oh okay
well I'll just get anyone it's like I
need this coat it cost hella dollar and
I need to wear it to school as well I'm
okay not worried today but needs work to
school geez because like though like I
said they'll slit my wrists if I'm
wearing like your coat doesn't back so
it's not there so we go to search the
whole house for it and we pull out
everything in every wardrobe and I live
in a small house okay there's two
bedrooms here okay one for me one for my
mom oh I'm my dog has a house downstairs
but does that count maybe he took it she
don't care and this coat was nowhere to
be seen we emptied out bo for jobs
anywhere it could have been it was
nowhere we emptied them out okay okay
and it was just not there a weasel
searching for it for about two or three
weeks okay we just like kept searching
for it and it just it just didn't want
to be there you know it just wasn't I
don't know how I can like exaggerate
that more like it just wasn't there and
wasn't like missing it or anything he
just wasn't there
okay so one fateful day it got very cold
and I thought I can't just not wear a
coat to school anymore I'm going to get
actual hypothermia and actually die like
school is like being at the top of Mount
Everest at this point because England
obviously it's like cold so I just can't
like not wear a quote in like the middle
of December you know I mean my mom and
dad aren't together so when I want
something from either side one
has to get it and sometimes they get in
fights one of them has to spend their
precious dollar buying their child
something and when my mum thinks my dad
should get me a coat and my dad makes my
mum she get me a new coat they can clash
right so anyway they were fighting over
who should get me a new coat and it's
not like they were like tight or money
or anything it's just that they wanted
to defy each other and be difficult if
your parents aren't together you
probably relate right so finally my dad
gives in and he goes and gets me a new
coat we go shopping we go shopping for
quite a while we walk around and we go
into River Island and I see this quote
that I really like again like quite an
expensive coat because it is like a nice
black one that I wanted to last like the
whole year of school you know that like
wasn't going to shred in pieces every
time I like took one step you know like
wasn't gonna fall off my body and make
me look homeless like the arm just like
wasn't going to casually fall off and
like totally humiliate me in front of
everyone like you know I mean yeah okay
so I get this coat I really like it we
come home I hang it up and I go to bed
like what else do you want me to say
like that's what I did like I remember
specifics I'm pretty freaking sure it
was the next day I kid you not my mother
goes Kira home upstairs she opens her
wardrobe and hanging right in the middle
in plain view is my old coat bitch sorry
what do you mind explaining to me coat
while you just evaporated into thin air
and once we've like cashed out hella
dollar on a new coat you decide you want
to condensate back into order okay thank
you very much that was really
inconvenient and it's not like we just
miss it when we were looking I explained
this before we pulled everything out and
there isn't much in her wardrobe she
puts most of her stuff in like little
chest of drawers and boxes and stuff
which a coat would not fit in and which
you would not put a coat in any way you
know I mean okay because I thought it
needs to be hung up offers it will get
like creased up and you'll look like a
homeless person okay so we come to the
conclusion it's probably ghost-like
Rico's the ghost it's involved now we
probably wouldn't have jumped this
conclusion if my mother hadn't have had
an experience a few years ago when she
was sitting in living room and I wasn't
home slightly after her dad died and she
saw like a grayish of smoky figure
standing in front of her near the TV she
got really scared and she said to it you
know like can you please come back a
long time I'm really scared it's not
really the time you know I like being
all serious and stuff and it disappeared
so she was always pretty sure it was
like you one of her parents or something
like you've never really been a big
believer in ghosts more like spirits and
stuff not like thing to actually
physically take us off and just like
anoint you because why and I've watched
enough psychic chance to know that they
like to mess of your stuff that I've
done my research and in a roundabout way
I feel like this could be something
trying to connect because she obviously
doesn't want to see something because
that's terrifying
and like Nev it away so I feel like in a
roundabout way taking our stuff because
it's happened before it doesn't just
take the code it happens with like
things like specific items people always
have this thing with specific items I've
seen people write stuff about jewelry
and stuff is that usually lipstick right
I'll like lose one and now find it and
if you like standing in the middle of
somewhere just like somewhere really
obvious like I wouldn't put it that and
my mother doesn't ever touch my makeup
because she knows I'll like cut her head
off I always felt like if I like felt
goes likes or goes it would be like a
really traumatic
horrifying parents but in a way this
seems kind of gentle nice not like it
wants to like decapitate me like
dismember me or like kill my firstborn
child you know also this other thing
happened where I'll just be like walking
along in my bedroom and I'll drop
something because the butterfingers that
is me and I'll look down and it won't be
there and it can't if like rolled onto
something like I don't have to explain
it but there just isn't things for it to
roll under and like I checked the area
thoroughly and these things just go
disappear they just like disappear
forever in my bedroom or somewhere else
like it's really really weird and it's
just just me being clumsy
because my mother's experienced it too
in this house and she is the most
organized put together PA manager Kira
manager a bench that I've ever met like
she has her stuff in order she uses the
calendar and her phone like what what is
this the next thing is the lamp now the
lamp is this lamp that is from my
grandparents house and they've both died
now the same grandparents that she
thinks she'd saw downstairs I can't
describe it but like that I'm usually
really skeptic on enlightened bullshit
when I watch a ghost story
but there's just something about it when
that lamp was in my room I just felt so
off I felt so weird it just changed like
the atmosphere I guess this lamp was in
my room because my lamp broke like I had
this lamp and it broke and I got that
lamp and then I hated that in my room so
I got a new lamp hmm
lamps cost a lot of money and that's
money I do not have who pays me I'll get
not one because uh who has a job oh yeah
not me and when I be laying in bed at
night I just always felt really odd I
found it really difficult to sleep at
night not because I was scared but just
because I just had a feeling they're
just sort of like prevented me from
doing so and it was really weird cuz
your girl really likes her sleep even
though that's coming from the same
person who stays up to 6 a.m. and goes
to better like 70 and get shortly logic
you know what it could well be my mind
playing tricks on me if you just believe
me there's a lot going on in that but
when that lamp left my room when I
couldn't do over being in my room
anymore and I was like bitch please go I
just felt automatically so much better
and I can't describe it
okay here's a live footage part if you
like do like your research there's a lot
of stuff it says babies kids animals are
more in tune with like the spirit along
then humans are because humans are
stupid obviously and we should all be
like dogs maybe I don't know yeah like
we should all just like lick our own
vaginas clean you know I mean like
that's a great way to live like but I
have a video of my dog just like staring
at places
my room because he does this he'll come
into my room heels pick up spot on the
wall and he'll stare and he'll like
follow it around like I can't describe
it like let me demonstrate and like
he'll be in the days not like Sherlock
Sherlock and he'll still be like until I
like to physically touch him I like push
him like jump then he just off like
jumps out of his days it's really weird
when it happens I'm like terrified dead
frozen and the last thing you think to
do unless you're a youtuber is to whip
out your phone
see I don't know what you think like I
don't know what you can make of that um
you should follow me on like a snapchat
like Instagram like Twitter something
like that because I will keep you
updated on the situation and try and
like capture some more like dog staring
a gross things so you can like get a
better one because that was not the best
I could have got I promise I hope you
don't think I'm like insane or ever
although you probably do because I
question my own sanity and I hope you
subscribe because I like that because it
unvalidated me as a human being and my
achievements and accomplishments and
maybe will make the ghosts leave I don't
know that's it really if anything else
happens I'll let you know but I'm I
really hope it doesn't like leave me
alone and I just cut my hand on my
camera okay I'm leaving
bye
