Wow
that was a lot of dramatic science
that's how you know it's serious hi
what's up what's hanging or sketchy guys
you know what I'm not cheap particularly
today I am feeling pretty charity shot
because apparently my house was broken
into why does this stuff only ever
happen to me but I have made a
commitment to share every single piece
of my life with you guys with the
Bridgette spinners subscribe become a
part of it too soon and even though this
is a super dangerous thing to share on
the internet and I probably shouldn't do
that because then I make myself target
and I can be murdered I'm gonna do just
that in the name of entertainment
because people like to see bad things
happen to other people for reason why
couldn't the burglar if that's what it
even was getting into that still some of
this stuff that's so much junk in my
room
I don't know how to get rid of it I
don't have anymore cupboard space no
seriously guys I I know I used humor to
cover up and I'm feeling a bit
vulnerable they she's really well on so
many levels like I I don't I'm lacking
words and I'm never lacking word
I don't usually stop talking oh no I'm
kind of angry about this but the thing
is this whole situation is a complete
mystery we don't know who the person was
as of now we don't know what they were
trying to do we don't know if they go in
everything is a complete mystery
so today I am making this video because
I thought you what my mom she's handling
all of them adult Ede stuff but I'm
useless so I thought I would do an
investigation myself to see if we can
figure out how where and who tried to
get into my house and for what reason
it because of me okay so um let's get
into it
if you think you mean what something
well is this one look look I really have
so someone's trying to get in the house
do we have to go to the place killer
okay sit down
if you insist on looking like that I'm
fine like an idiot Tracy would rather
her identity remain anonymous thump for
some reason so she has a so I can burgle
people so this is what we're working
with my choice of balaclava you have
that anyway so I've only seen the
beginning of that but um Tracy here says
that she has some very convincing
recordings of someone breaking into a
house I'm gonna humus you and you're
gonna show me the footage again okay so
I haven't really seen much of it but I
don't like was i recording maybe you
might have had her screaming this is
really freaky like okay
look say stop it
yes I don't get it what are they doing
up light so now where are they
look what are they doing down in that
corner bit I don't know look Crashdown
look at the shadow yeah
I've been been down there there's not a
lot there I've got some paint tubs there
but there's nothing else there don't I
don't be there but there's a light and
another camera there the lights I'm
going out sick see the light went out
that's the security light coming on and
they're covering it up for some reason
but why would you want to cover it up if
you're doing bad why they run there why
would they well there's toes maybe you
just have a toast
they fight also got one of my bags it
just looks like that my bags my back
it's a little breaking why are they one
you just do it I look at what a writer
that's the other life the front
I don't get word that cuz we're not the
lights look but why would they
that's the other like we just don't
understand they're already there they're
already October why would they be
covering up the light to just accept
them going to me perhaps waiting oh my
god or Connie okay
it goes on how long does that happen for
how long are they in there for oh that's
a problem I can't funding coming no no
wait no you're saying someone's broken
into a house got inside and then didn't
leave
have you checked the front security
cameras yeah and nothing no no one left
he checked the loft I not going the loft
he gives me a smiie
I'll check the cupboards all around here
the only place I haven't and it's called
a please yeah of course they so they get
a check the house no they looked at
security footage and there's no that
they can't do anything because nothing
is done well
nothing there there's no damage and
there's no one here
there'll be no fingerprints
the only place I haven't checked it's a
loved why I we need to check the house
this really freaked me out I'm not
funding yet or even talked about it
so my mom saying that the police won't
come over and check the house because
she told them that nothing was stolen
nothing's damaged and there was no sign
of a break-in but I'm honest I'm
terrified I'm terrified like I'm sitting
in the corner of my room looking around
every five seconds to make sure there's
not someone hiding even Sherlock looks
scared
you okay I think it's dad this is one of
the creepiest things that's ever
happened to me and I'm very easily
scared but this is like this is a
different type of scared because it's
like so real so if they won't check they
weren't such the house if they won't
look for signs that someone got in then
I guess it is just like down to me okay
that's done I guess I'm starting my
bedroom I mean it's a mess uh someone
could be hiding under my pile of dirt to
be honest
Sherlock's taken onto the desk position
my piggy bank collection is undisturbed
and
it's pretty packed in here if you ask me
I don't think anyone could fit in there
okay so my mom's room what's the light
not working oh my god that that's creepy
why is her light not working please say
the bulbs just gone out and someone
hasn't tried to cut the wire I don't
even know how you call wire okay we have
my photo CH and that's that's my
underwear this is so crazy
that's hot pillows
with has someone on the other side
yeah that looks a bit suspicious all
joke
I mean it looks clear if you ask me I
want to say this is only a swarm so if
someone was hiding in here
I think we'd know about it why did I
wait to my time
I mean it's really dark down here
yo yo it's just me don't worry this is
the door that they came in this is a
mosquito nur maybe that's why it took
them so long to come in maybe they
didn't know what that was
this is a toilet okay it's just
yeah it's just a lot yeah lucky twice
he's really cool
this is okay
in the kitchen there's just puppy maps
for the dog pees I doubt many more good
saying that of them out here this window
that's where it happened I really don't
want to do this nothing about me wants
to do this
why do they like it okay so that's the
light that they covered up and wait
what's that stop Sheila I doped it down
why would she rip it down why would they
come back and wreck it down like
whatever they were using to cover it
that looks like tissue or like is that
second plastic bad like one of them and
then the second light this is gonna work
I thought whoever broke yeah I thought
they covered that up if they covered it
up then why is it not covered up she has
why were they reaching around here
there's nothing here apart from the
spider we wouldn't keep a key outside a
house that's so stupid people who leave
keys under their doormats and probably
the most stupid breed of people ever
yeah like she said there's no signs of a
break-in like it's not like the door
being crobat open and I'm sure the
person didn't even have anything the key
it hasn't even been like whoever broke
in had a key but we only have one key I
don't even have a key my mom doesn't
even trust me with a house key I
literally don't have my own door key to
my house she has one and that's it no
neighbors have one no family members
have one it's we have wonky I remember
one time we lost it and we had to go
through this whole thing of getting a
new one and going to the key shop and
they had to commentate the door handle
thing it doesn't make any sense they
caught him using a key very clearly
there was no way in hell she would not
lock the back door and even if she did
leave it unlocked what the chance is
that that very night she leaves it
unlocked so one night in ever that
someone decides to try and break in they
obviously had a key I don't get how
they'd have a key we only have one key
she has the only key really freaked out
guys
unless it's someone I know what if it's
someone that has already been in my
house before I knew how to get in took
hockey got one cut if you didn't steal
anything
nothing's broken no one got hurt and
they didn't come out then what if it
okay this is this is like I'm kind of
thinking out loud right now and this is
kind of a crazy idea but what if someone
was filming a video where they spend the
night in my house and I had no idea I
mean everyone keeps stealing that idea
from me maybe someone stole the idea
from me took care of it too far managed
to get in I mean the obvious person
would be Morgan but maybe he wasn't
being serious when he said he wasn't
gonna do it again
maybe he was trying to get back at me
be good what if he come to spend the
night in my house without me knowing but
then I was out I spend the night at my
friend's house the other night
oh my god that article
I mean it's Gopi Morgan right who else
would it be if someone broke into my
house didn't take anything and there's
no obvious signs of a break-in
that means they must have had a key
okay
Hey
hey what's up photos of the viewed world
ah I miss you when you go who's eBay
I mean haven't you already seen me no I
mean like two days ago
he was but he wants to memory no today
Friday yeah but yeah yeah but um
Saturday today didn't you broke into my
house once is it when's a video come in
all once when's the video coming out no
that was stop that was like no no
Saturday you came to my house nor the
other house not the big house this house
the house I live in
then why do I have footage of you doing
it for
I'll send it I'll send you right now ah
so did you
Yeah right on you I don't know any class
I don't have any friends why would Eddie
do that I broke into her house oh shit
she's the only explanation that's right
this is really creepy you know I might
come and stay with you for a few days if
I can't work out who it was cuz I really
freaked out well the thing is I don't
think it's an actual burglar because
someone's come in there's no signs of a
break-in it looks like someone literally
just put a key in the door and opened it
so it's someone that has a key or was I
don't know I'm not everything valuables
still here like my match still here like
my phone so nothing stolen
I feel you'd comment on overnight
challenge because in the footage it
shows someone coming in and never shows
him leaving well I mean Tracy says that
she's like talk to the police and she's
done all of that stuff yeah she's been
on the phone to the police all day today
I'm gonna call her now I said you said
you're gonna come out soon anyway
be safe I think not so weird there's
only going I'm gonna get murdered okay
I'll let you know what happens yeah bye
bye love you
I know what you did you tell me no you
tell me
no you Tuffy I think you know what you
did right no because I haven't done
anything I think you know that you brung
me
ok but why did you break into my house I
didn't break in job well well you
obviously did break into my house I've
asked Morgan if he broke into my house
and he said it wasn't him
and it doesn't make any sense for it to
be him because he's like a hundred miles
away right so the only person left would
be you know some of us don't break into
houses well you obviously wanted to
break into my house to steal my dog you
can keep your dog so the madness all the
time hey hey showcase ok don't let her
say those things about you you broke ins
you broke into my house I have reached
you have no other explanation for you
you broke in which is what she means
Tracy yeah wait she's she let you in
yeah to the house yeah Tracy my mother
yeah depart the person that told me that
she was so low she said that she was so
scared that she wanted to move why why
she why why is she doing this why are
you doing this
it's funny she touch me I was like
trying to get her yeah sure why not
so you were bored so you broke into my
house oh I can't imagine someone being
important breaking into someone's house
you know oh I wonder where I come from
I've had enough of this foolishness I'm
I'm gonna go take this up with Tracy I
follow school tomorrow
actually it all made sense after another
hour or so reviewing the security
footage that Tracy said to me I realized
that those were early spies all right
she's fake and another thing I noticed
the Hat she was wearing I'd seen that
before
I'd seen on my own mother in this very
video wonder how many of you guys picked
up on that before I did I am stupid
maybe I should have stayed in school it
also explains why the bags were removed
from the lights why they were uncovered
when I went out to explore she clearly
went out and took them down but it
explains why I never actually heard her
on the 3rd of the piece it explains why
the person was loitering and waiting
around before they actually entered the
house they were clearly waiting for a
signal to come inside they were clearly
waiting for her to open the door I said
that it looks like they're speaking to
someone she totally blew that off
straight away
I don't know burglars have friends too
you know so we have the answers to all
of these questions we've debunked it it
was a prank
Ellie was getting back on me for scaring
the Frick out of her in her house making
her think there was a home intruder but
this was my mom's idea
doesn't explain why she did it I mean
we've had a pretty bad relationship a
whole life but this is a bit far-fetched
even for her I guess the only thing I
have to do now is ask her why and get to
the truth
