hi what's good for I start this video I
appreciate my hair looks some kind of
way and I can't me do anything about it
and people always tell me I'm the only
hair looks so nice like when it's up but
honestly if my hair's up in a video it's
nearly like a hundred and one percent
like gonna be really greasy and I can't
have it down they call me Bob the washer
because I'm lazy hashtag girls the story
that I'm going to be telling I already
told a like a month or two ago but that
was that when I had like 30 subscribers
and I got no views and it got no views
and it's a really good story so I
deleted it and now I'm going to retell
it so if you've already seen it hi nice
to see you this is going to be
sufficiently awkward and if you haven't
seen it
hi what up like I'm Kiera and this is an
original story by me so this story
started back in yeah like this is where
it happened this is like the preface
'part i'm going to give to you i only
recently learned how to say that worked
my school and my house are pretty close
so like five minutes away like five
minute drive from my house to my school
it's really close
however when I was in you ate me and my
friends would always get the bus back to
where we live because the group of
friends I would get the bus backward
lived like in the area that I lived like
we will live freely clothes for the most
part this bus ride was so much fun we
would love it we would love walking down
to the bus stop from square every day
getting on the bus and going I'm walking
back and just doing our things just
talking of like a stressful hard day of
work at school you know
however in my life nothing can go right
I can't just have a nice thing know some
bitch all myself honestly always comes
along and ruins that squash is my fun
bubble and it's really annoying so this
guy let's name him bitch face because it
decides still one day he's just gonna
start making fun of us on the bus every
single day just impress his little gang
of friends this started off is just like
old boys being boys you know like and
we'd get on the bus and they'd like
shout things at us and they'd put our
hair and then call us every single name
you can think of like everything most of
the time we would just like try and
ignore it or we just have like laughable
banter back and forth ahead at work and
we're just like you know like insult and
bad you know as we do it like we wasn't
getting butthurt about it but as the
week's went by it got increasingly worse
we would read getting on that bus every
day we would sit at the bus stop and
look at the back of the bus because they
would sit like the back elevated
platform at the back and we would look
for it window and see if they were there
and if they were there we'd always get
like dread our stomachs and we tried
sitting in the front of the bus that's
not always possible because you get
pushed further and further back more and
more people to go on and we wanted to
stay as far away from them as possible
because it's carried on every single day
and we have no idea like what happened
like we didn't provoke it one day that
it is one boy the invested voice were
fine but this one boy decides to get on
the bus and then all the other boys that
were fine
obviously he kind of provoked them and
obviously I was trying to join him with
him and he was trying to probably
impress them because again he is a
bitchface and he has no friends to my
knowledge and it just like it was real
be annoying you know it was like really
unnecessary it was really kind of
hurtful after a while because they would
take it further than far like they would
call a fishy stinky sketchy bitches all
of that and if this gives you any
validation for me doing what I did he
used to call my dad friend Michael
Jackson because she had like curly short
hair so she told me so if that gives you
any reason for me doing what I did which
I will tell you at the end of the story
he was kind of racist too so there you
go so I had some kind of history of this
boy I used to live next door to him when
I lived with mine when we lived with my
grandparents like when I was slightly
younger we used to live next door to him
and he was seem fine like I'd go in his
house in town his like little
PlayStation it was like chill like we
were kind of friend and then I hadn't
seen him for like ten years and I see
him and all of a sudden he decides that
he wants to harass me like yeah like
that make sounds like it makes so much
sense like the logic in your brain is so
good someone who's not never done
anything to you just because you want to
see cool in front of your friends yeah
sure maybe maybe it's try to compensate
for something else you know like
something done that you know like but I
just picked out that like he probably is
gonna absolutely shut up and I was like
a little Side Story I got into some like
beef with like an older girl at my
school because of this like her brother
was one of his like friends like his
little Ally you know who had also picked
on us so when they getting off the bus
he was in front of me and I was so rage
fueled I just shoved him like he was a
big guy I mean like huge and I was like
that like that and like that and he was
like this so like that's not gonna hurt
he didn't even go anywhere he may have
stumbled a little bit but I wanted to
hurt him you know he he had been
harassing us for weeks and weeks on end
and he just sort of looked at me like
what are you doing you know what you did
he's got his older sister to come after
me one day got off the bus I mean this
girl his older sister we were like kind
of chill like we were kind of feel and
one day she says to me don't talk to me
you touched my brother you're dead to me
I'm like who do you think you are I'm
sorry you're large aggressive brother
has seriously gotten his older sister to
come
and flamey like she was on this bus -
did she not see everyday how they would
harass us I still don't like this bitch
to this day I see her wandering around
every now and then they look at her like
you are you you stuck-up
ugly little tablecloth like go back to
your hole where you belong and if your
brother who has been harassing me have
the balls to come up to me and say oh
I'm sorry for harassing you or like
talking to me himself because he'd been
harassing me it's not like you didn't
want to pick on a girl because you
already was like you know like the logic
it just doesn't just doesn't add up like
does not add up it doesn't add up like
go to school some more because it just
doesn't add up you know so at this point
I wanted to fly kick the bitch in her
face I wanted to fly kick her Barbara in
her face and I wanted to fly kick bitch
face in the face because I hated them
all and they were making my life a
misery and I had done nothing wrong I
just existed
I just purely existed so me and my
friends ANCA was boiling and I'm one of
those people like I can take something
for a really long time but eventually
I'm just gonna snap like I'm just gonna
snap and I'm gonna go crazy and I'm just
gonna wait like I'm going to rage like
WorldStarHipHop on you right now so
while he was on this bus one day they
were harassing us once again
shouting us and mainly bitchface he was
the ringleader was doing this and so
kind of retaliated a little bit you know
kind of called them names back because
that's just like we wasn't we didn't
want to sit there and let it happen
anymore was really getting to us nothing
was happening
also the bus driver must have heard this
and he did nothing great good you should
have your job shouldn't you no no I give
you a one star would see a - one star on
Yelp for buses you little bitch some
hungry so it gets to a stop and we get
off and if we walk away we turn around
and walk away and bitch face gets off
and waits for his friends to get off -
and then as he's waiting for his friends
to get off he says something me I think
he calls us like he says oh you fishy
bitch or something because I was an
insult like fishy like that was the
insult but I'm like oh you're so fishy
like you think of fish like it
I don't think we know how like that
worked but anyway it it was an overused
insult and I just snapped I just not
like that
I just snapped I turned around and I
screamed something to him I yelled
something him I do not know why I said I
just went absolutely hey wire I went
crazy I went in full-on guerilla how Ron
Bay ticks out bitch fiery flame for a
fly kick ninja zone and I just went
absolutely crazy at him and there was
this big iron fence behind him and I
shove him back and at this point I
completely blacked out I blacked out
from being so angry but I remember just
like swinging my arms so hard and just
hitting him in the face and he was
completely gobsmacked he was just in not
to just like sit there and shop for a
second and all of a sudden because I was
gonna go in for another one I mean I was
I was past the point of caring what
anyone thought anymore I was done I was
ready to attack and I probably would
have beat him because I was so mad you
know when you get so mad like you feel
like the Hulk you feel so strongly look
at my muscles like I don't have any
versatil and then I feel my friends arms
around me and a few of them like pulling
me away like low key and it was over it
was like I was like ah and I ran are you
saying bolted the hell out of there
I like it here him screaming off me like
you his friend's bear in mind was still
on the back of this bus looking out the
window so they saw their ringleader get
beat by a girl and not that I think it's
good to bully someone but in this case
he got what he deserved
I made sure everyone knew and the day
after that he was on the bus
none of his friends with that he was on
his own and he was alone sometimes his
friends weren't always on the bus of him
sometimes it's just him and if it was
just him he'd say nothing and believe me
this day dead silence
absolutely dead silence he was like say
this was like with me get pillar say
this was like the chair right his head
was down like this like behind it like
that at the back so you just couldn't
see him and it was a funniest thing in
the world and me and my friends decide
so we go up like onto the top steps
where he was and we all sit around him
like hey and just make the most fun out
of him and it was like the best feeling
in the world
revenge at its finest so if some boys
pick on you punch him in the face I'm
gonna code now I'm done remember dick
Harambee
