hi I don't think you freaking understand
how happy I am that I am standing up in
a video ever since I started filming
here I have always wanted to stand up
and film my videos because I'm most
excitable person in the world I couldn't
because I was an idiot of course because
that's just me and I broke my leg so I
couldn't stand but now I can't fan I can
even stand on my toes if I want my legs
still slightly stupid I'm really
flexible and yeah but like it's okay I
have a huge foundation patch on my hand
from when I was like putting on my face
but that doesn't matter so before I get
into this video I haven't talked about
the giveaway that I'm doing yeah I'm
going to be giving away a polaroid I
think I think that's a good thing to
give away like what color should I give
away I don't leave in the description I
think of like I'm going to give way like
a yellow one or something that's quite
unisex I quite like the yellow one you
know really yeah so yeah I think I'm
gonna give away Polaroid I'm gonna get
on that really soon I just had a bunch
stuff going on I can't but I do what
we're doing
but you might want to go and like follow
me on Instagram Twitter and add me on
snapchat beforehand just so you don't
have to do it when they get wet comes
out so I suppose that would be one of
the rules I'll leave it on the screen
because anyway getting into this video
I'm really excited to do this and today
I'm doing a snapchat Q&A and I asked you
on snapchat to leave me questions and
well I'm basically famous I'm joking I'm
joking I'm joking oh I'm still not that
steady on my feet so like let's get into
it okay
so first one is from Rachel I'm just
talk car how are you genuinely feeling
today Ellie Ellie also and that's a
really sweet question actually no what
ever asks me how I am okay I'm feeling
better like I usually pop out videos
pretty late often pretty quickly if I
haven't in about like five or six days
I've just been feeling a bit like
giraffe there's just stuff going on I
just just you know those things and you
shouldn't you feel a bit of my morning
yeah but today I'm actually feeling okay
which is why I'm filming a video because
I'm feeling good and this makes me happy
and this is what we've happy it's been
all day if you can't tell I'm very
excited so thank you thank you very much
I'm talking too much
next question the next one is from rat
Jenny
rat Jung rat Chandan I don't know how
you say that but I'm sorry
what's your favorite color oh you
haven't watched all my videos that and I
don't have one I'm sorry thanks for
asking question though Andrea says
Andrea Andrea I always get confused of
these names what's your favorite food
bracket I'll try to think of a better
question it's a great question I'm gonna
have to show you
I shall wait till the end to do this
hands down cream mmm I need to put my
lipstick back on No
what's your favorite kind of plant slash
flower you want to know these are my
cactuses I have another one outside he's
getting some Sun right now this is Derek
this is actress and this little baby is
called Galactica's and they're all so
cute and I love them so much and I kind
of think this one does it like a little
colony of penises but like you next
question is from that can I Jackman what
would you do in a zombie apocalypse -
can I be in your video be in my video
mm-hmm
okay I don't know if anyone said this
before but in a zombie apocalypse
situation don't you think it'd just be
easier to be on the zombies side because
they are like they are gonna dominate
the world there's more of them if
there's a big zombie apocalypse and when
it gets easier you wouldn't have to be
like this stretch we would have to run
around and I likes walking dead the
first like two seasons but it got like
slightly tedious because they were just
running somewhere setting up camp
getting in fights with old people and
I'm running off again like it got a bit
repetitive I like you and uh some actual
like drama like actual action like I
don't care to know like the behind the
scenes I'm affair you're having like a
freaking zombie go like I I just want I
just want you to like shoot some zombies
like I really was I think in my eye
what I always a snake in my eye when I
make a video this next question is from
Sarah that's the only information I have
about what where do you want to live
when you are older I don't know I don't
think I want to like stay still if you
know what I mean like I know I I have no
idea like I'd love to live in like
America somewhere probably not
California or anywhere like that
probably someone like the east coast
like New York you know just like them
little States down there they're really
pretty cute ones cuz I'm not really like
a hot person like I don't really like
the heat well I know I am hot hot hot I
know it's wrong
shut up yeah Jared asks what's your
least favorite food ketchup acet my
hater
is like
birria blonde diarrhea and same thing
failed Diaz how did you meet your best
friend first boyfriend story that's two
questions
I met my best friend at school as if
most people that's about it first
boyfriend story hmm I mean I'm very not
so story no he's just my boyfriend and I
liked him more I still do like him a lot
was still good buddies like I still
fight best friends let's see it's such
an awkward question I really don't want
him to watch this hmm Carly asks will
you ever get a nap like you now or
something to broadcast on okay funny
story I do have you now it's just Kiera
Bridget I do go on there sometime but
here's the thing it's just full of
pedophiles like I am sorry like if you
fall to your old man and a 15 year old
girl tells you hi I'm 15 please stop
telling me that I'm hot and I have a
nice eyes and like my armpits are nice
like please go away like that's when
you're a beautiful when you carry on to
pursue them and tell them they have a
lovely voice and like stop it's like a
bunch of guys with like their faces this
close and I'll know you con like
literally like that link and they're
like hello beautiful
you're so beauty will you marry me will
you guessed me and I go on there and
they're just like they fill up the
comment section and it creeps me out
these creepy old men that don't know the
fine line between being friendly being a
beautiful it just weirds me out and it
all looks the same as well everything
one looks just looks like the same guy
with a different name it's weird yeah I
will go on you now if people want to
watch me on you now like when I go on
there usually it's solve overrun by the
Peter Fox but if you guys can watch me
on you now and over on peed files and
tell them to like and I died then yeah
I'll go on you know I I like you know
it's fun
what's the first thing you thought when
you woke up this morning fuck
Patrick McMillan says are you still in
school yes yes I'm a child I'm still in
school
Lauren says favorite snapchat filter
okay I'm going to show you let me take a
selfie okay bitch f me up please
like I'm like this makes me look like
and then there's meat lane you see what
I mean like this is definitely my
favorite snapchat filter like Taji David
Rodrigo grab that I'm not good at for
our name says what's your biggest fear
and why IDK if or I ran out of time um
my biggest fear by ders and probably
losing someone I like a lot yes I don't
know how but um from previous experience
it's not very fun whether that's a
breakup or a death hurts and I don't
like that I'm not good at motions
sheikah says I'm so sorry what was the
video so my question was which is her
favorite practice that was kind of cute
thank you
you have nice I don't know I was kind of
list your minds you're nice and my
favorite cactus as of now is probably
the one that looks like penis you know
Derek he's really sweet he hasn't got a
pot yet though he's in like a chocolate
cake pot because we can't find a pot
like fits him right there we were too
small too big like let me know if you
know any good decent size cactus pots
for Derek like link me to one or
something Kira asks nice name she spells
it right - that's my biggest pet peeve
when pupils Berlant name's Kira as in
CIA RA or ke IRA makes me so mad because
it's wrong what would go on your perfect
pizza and well my perfect pizza it's a
Texas barbecue pizza from dominos
it's like barbecue based house sausage
on it actually I don't know if they have
sausage on it but I always ask for
sausage has chicken on it it's got
pepperoni on it it's got a little
chorizo bits on it it's so good and
cheese
which of your videos is your favorite
hmm sure sure if I have a favorite one
I remember the bean boozled challenge is
really fun but like I'm one of them
people I don't mind
editing videos like I actually quite
enjoy reading videos when I'm filming a
video I'm like getting to the end of the
video like hurry up finish the video I
really want to go and edit this and
watch it back because Gnosticism
obviously and secondly I just really
like editing videos so I know what is
your favorite song right now my favorite
song right now is definitely behind
because this goes cover of Bohemian
Rhapsody go listen to it if you're not
listen to it Nickolas not Vava yeah man
I'm again I'm not good at foreign name
says have you ever almost been kidnapped
or almost died I'm an extremely paranoid
person okay when I hate being out alone
I always feel like everyone's gonna
gangbang me like it's an actual problem
I get very paranoid I hate being at me I
always like to be with someone and as a
female okay this isn't me going off
feminazi on you because I'm not but as a
theme out you know that when you are
outside on your own if it's slightly
darker even if it's like there is some
part of you that is scared to be outside
because you're just vulnerable because
you're the one that people wants brave
I'm getting up and sell into sex slave
things so I honestly every time I go out
think I'm almost gonna get kidnapped so
there's your answer and have I almost
died I don't think so
unique 28.8 that's an odd name says why
are you obsessive cacti it's cactuses
and cacti joking I know it's can't I
just like to take axes because house
more fun like cat's-eye cactuses say
yeah it's more fun actually say it
physically say it I'm waiting I can't
hear I can't hear you oh my god captain
oh I need to stop I get so tied track so
easily what's that thing that thing
where people are like constantly like
her so I think it's me anyway yeah I
just had me really cute and also I'm
really bad at like responsibilities and
stuff and that's not me trying to be
like relatable that's just me like I
just don't know how to take care of a
thing like I don't like the fact that
flowers die like I don't like change
having my flower in my room I want it to
stay there I don't wanna get a fake one
because they just look fake I just like
cactuses they're so cute
they're all so different and you can eat
them as whoa did you know that you can
eat prickly pears oh cool
Sammy ha Rob I'm sure with all the gold
YouTube doesn't let me reply to your
comments for some reason I don't know
fix up says who is your OTP I've already
answered this and another thing and I'm
pretty sure at me in Cameron dalas
or me and Zac Efron or me and Dan how or
me and hot guy from prison boy or me and
Theo James yeah that's a lot average are
ya yeah I'm a VAR why a star emoji asks
top 5 celebrity crushes PS elite so much
I'm pretty sure I just answered that of
my OTP once were there you go cam at
kissy face heart asks what time is it
Tama time it's our vacation what time is
it party time
school's out scream and shout no one
more weekend uptick thing oh I'm sorry
I'm so sorry
around a one two three four five one Oh
I said that's so fast I'm kind of proud
of myself
oh that's a lot of questions why don't
you start YouTube I started YouTube like
two months ago what state you live in
can you tell where my accent I don't
live in a state I live in England what
phone do you have I have an iPhone 5s
I'd kind of want to upgrade but I love
this phone so much not this particular
phone I just think the iPhone 5s it's
like the best iPhone so many people
agree with me I think that's why I made
that like by phone se and I think if I
do get a new phone I'm gonna get that
one it depends how the iPhone Stefan is
I'm should get away and my and have you
ever been related yes fear asks I love
you favorite restaurants here I was
given a watch it feel arm of that that
idea I'm done thank you so much Ron ants
again answer King thank you so much for
asking King mean questions I really
appreciate it I really appreciate the
fact that so many of you who asked me
questions that's crazy that was a lot of
people yeah I hope you found this mildly
entertaining and I hope you
come back sewer grates me with your
viewing presence once more I'm going to
go now and leave a comment down below of
like something just actually leave a
comment I appreciate you all I really
like reading comments left on and give
this video a thumbs up of getting so
good at this
and subscribe to me if you're not
subscribed already that's me trying to
be sexy it's probably why not one today
me and yeah I will see you again another
time bye
