hi it's that time where a semi YouTube
it does a video of an idea that they did
not come up with because none of us were
original literally none of us this is
the blindfolded now challenge and this
was great here by simply now logical and
if you're watching us hey hit me I'm
rolling I'm joking and I thought I'd
jump on this before it become too
mainstream like that hunch of coach
challenge did and everyone was like do
you mind reproach challenge and I was
like it's a bit late now so yeah I'm
gonna be doing this and if you can't
tell I do not care about my nails at all
I cannot paint them to save my life like
I don't know what it is like I can't do
anything with my left hand like well
that's not basically just see yeah I
just like eating the short as possible
and I have the terrible habit of biting
them and they're just not that great
like they would be nice if I let them go
out like I have one nice now look can
you see this and because I literally
never paint my nails ever I thought
might I having one bottle of nail polish
like one literally one so I went and
scavenged my house and I found this old
bag oh now polish like there's just some
of them work yeah I'm gonna quickly go
work out which one's work and which ones
don't and then we're gonna do some
things
oh it's literally crusting it's so old
this is going to be such a joke like
literally welcome to my youtube channel
like hi I'm Kara subscribe or don't
so I have worked out the colors at work
and the colors did not work which is
pretty much all of them and I'm going to
be doing on a picture of my face I drew
because I hate it and I hate myself and
I want to slowly destroy myself so let's
go I didn't know what to use as a
blindfold so I'm just gonna use these
shorts because I don't know how to prove
to you that I'm not cheating but you'll
see that I'm not cheating anyway so like
I don't have two cameras so you can even
see my now so you can see my face and I
really feeling the one I think my
neighbors
I'm not a cheater I'm pretty blindfolded
where is my camera that was a bad idea
blind fold going on take like my gross
nails
let's go going to be using these to make
dots someone else cuz I think I really
want to go for like a polka dot kind of
theme from what I can remember the small
bottles and nail polishes that like the
really nice quality kind of one so I
have to try and find them oh it means no
being able to see is more frustrating
than you think
where is a small bottle okay I've got a
small bottle
let's not destroy my house I think I'll
do one now in a different color whereas
my phone okay now bear in mind I come
even paint my nails like without being
blindfolded is a pretty bad lighting job
so don't expect too much from this I
have no talent
okay feel like I'm doing a pretty good
job when it touches my skin it feels
cold because like science and stuff so I
don't think it's touching my skin too
much
okay how do i okay I'll put this on the
floor so I know if you used to what
color next let's just wing it and go for
a big bottle this is the color I'm going
to be using okay where is my now
oh no I felt the coldness of science
hey believe or not I'm actually trying
like I'm trying my hardest
feel like my whole nails being covered
the biggest struggle is literally trying
to get thing back in the bottle I'm so
ugly have I described my face yet I hope
I have now my middle finger
my favorite finger of them all oh I
think I just destroyed her
go for this one
okay this is so difficult
I have no perception of like depth or
movement or any senses for that case
like
I'm really thirsty the only reason I'm
so excited about small bottles is
because I think they're like kind of
good quality or something like that now
what now is it again this one
okay
okay
okay
cool
yay I have no jokes to make about that
now because I think I did a good job
final now before we move on to the
fabulous now odd let's go of this one
did you strip on me oh it's already cold
I can feel the science make us what
I think they want to do a decent job
like I don't think I'm gonna do horribly
okay now all five wonderful nails have
been painted I just need to find where I
put all here they are okay well I think
I'm gonna do some polka dots like maybe
on my farm or something
I don't know I think maybe I'll do some
polka dots and now I'll try and like
find my special now art pens or would
you like no go and make some now up on
the other two okay let's go um I choose
this one
why do they shake is I'm gonna make a
difference if it's bad or not oh geez
Karis took your life out you're pathetic
you choked go back to wound you ugly
little cretin okay now where's the hole
where is the hole can't get it in I
think it's to beta Finn
oh stop it Kara so pit stop making those
jokes now children want you they should
go away
that's not my nail
does that work I don't think there's
anything on it okay one dot two dots
three dots four five probably not like I
could do a better job with my eyes open
or anything I feel like I'm trying to
have like nail polish bottle sex this is
surprisingly easy I'm gonna go for this
color I'm just I'm not even trying I've
just got so much pure talent and now I
have to do the middle now which i think
is here I have no idea what any of my
body parts are if I went blind I'd be
screwed
I think that was quite accurate
doctoring stopped seeing a word I really
hope I'm in the camera I have no one to
help me now the final color I'm going to
use is this one and I will be where's
the hole okay that is I'll be tossing my
this now I think three dots is enough
very small surface area to volume ratio
I learn about that at school do you go
to school
probably not you're watching my videos
you must be dumb eh yeah now I have seen
my remaining two nails whereas my
special now art tools here is one of
them I have no idea how this works but I
do remember they drip rather the lot
well this challenge is full of sexual
innuendos I shouldn't be making that's
my middle now
Susan light striking maybe
I'm just curious to see how much room s
my house is after this I figured you
guys like a rainbow effect so I'm gonna
do both of them of the same thing
oh yeah it's kind of like chocolate you
know and you get like a chocolate thing
and they dip it in the other kind of
chocolate and then they have like those
with swirls on it oh how did I turn this
into food that's when you know you're a
fat bitch now let's do the other one
ready good I think I'm just gonna yeah
that should work
I can probably just clean up the edges
if I've gone over if I've gone over
because I am a pro okay I think it's
time for the big reveal
I have not looked down at my nails yet I
promise let's see what they look like
you know what the saddest part of all of
this is there's just like one hair in
this nail can you just see that like one
hair I have to get into nail and just
ruin it all for everyone thank you and
you're the second saddest part of it is
I didn't even destroy my own face that
much
you know the third time as part of this
is probably the most saddest part of
this I genuinely thought I did a good
job
and I'm really sad now although I think
it's kind of cool how I managed to get
silver and gold on the same finger
finger why does my camera never focus I
think that's kind of cool I also like
the color combination of this one that
whole like green and pink and yellow
vibe I especially like this one this is
how I feel about this whole challenge
Christine and then there's this one that
kind of reminds me of a you know the
biscuits party wings if you're from my
ends of the world and then yeah I don't
really care about this one too much it
kind of just looks like what comes out
of my dog's butt when we use grass or
something like that and I have it on my
camera great I'm happy
oh no that's an open oh okay well I'm
not overly ecstatic about this but this
is all I have to say nail porn oh yeah
oh wait I think this is hollow I think
this is hollow
if I'm getting poisoning from the
chemicals it's not hollow someone tell
me does this count as hot
I need to open winter before the fumes
get to my brain well thank you for
watching that hideous mess of a video I
try to do something mainstream for once
behind the leash to any person in the
world if you are although sexual and you
like my face then feel free to subscribe
to me as I offer beautifully crafted
content on a kind of regular basis
yeah and also I'm gonna be doing
giveaway real soon so I just hit one gay
this is good and enter into that when I
did it I think I'm gonna give away
Polaroid I'm not sure yeah I haven't
decided
yeah thanks for watching make sure you
follow my Instagram my Twitter and my
snapchat leave it all on a screen here
I'm sitting in a really really wrong
position this would be a great position
to an oxy humanity bye
