hi aren't you just like so ecstatic I'm
back to grace you with my presence again
don't you just love the fact that I'm
here making a video for you to watch
because I'm just such an entertaining
person who's just great I'm being
sarcastic okay so today's video is kind
of different buy absolutely love
watching these kind of videos so I think
this is actually like the best thing to
do like could have probably fought with
my little pea brain even though I didn't
really think of that I'm doing creepy
alien abductions or alien abductions if
you the sketch pull about that kind of
stuff but I think the US government's
hiding things from lastly part of your
country before I start this is a
collaboration with my friend been on
YouTube I still know how to pronounce
his last name so I'm just gonna write it
here he is a very good friend of mine
we've become very good friends recently
I loved his channel I could say that I'm
living for it and I think he's very
funny and he is doing creepy murders and
things like that I think it's gonna be
awkward if his not but yeah so please go
to his channel and watch his video and
subscribe to him even though he isn't
even here and I hope you enjoyed this
video because let's get started you're
probably bored already first alien
abduction I am going to be telling you
about today is called the Whitley
Strieber
abduction I'm not sure if that's how you
pronounce his name I'm sorry if ever
done any more
this guy cool Whitley was already like
sort of like a renowned author and he
wrote about UFOs and aliens and all his
like speculations and stuff but one
night in 1985 what Lee was alone in New
York in an isolated
cabin like that scare like I'm scared to
be in my house on my own and I live in
like the most busy place like there's so
many people around like I'm literally
scared to be in my house on my own I
don't know how one sleeps in an isolated
cabin boy when one night he was awoken
by his alarm and when I first read this
I thought like the alarm on his phone no
no really the phones weren't really a
thing in 1985 like actual you know I
know I felt like such an idiot and I
just fly to include that because me like
me so I'm assuming if because it doesn't
like specify I'm assuming this is his
house car hot house car I'm assuming
this is his house alarm or his car alarm
if he has a car what cause in bed she
rushed outside to see what was causing
me alarm to go off obviously which must
have been terrifying considering news
and lastly to Kevin and when he opened
his door he was greeted by a creature at
all emotionless creature and this is a
picture they used on the website to
describe this tool motionless creature
yeah like I'd actually probably get
diarrhea right there this guy says he
was taken on to just a big ship like I
don't know if it means like his
spaceship like an aircraft a UFO or a
boat chip like yeah let's take you onto
this cruise line of me and my alien pals
just let's go on a cruise the warden is
they restrained him and he said that
they've really long needles directly
into his brain what could you possibly
extract from a brain how would you get
out putting a needle in someone's brain
you can just look at it to know what the
texture is like and also today go
through his nose they drill a hole in
his head like I wanna see the receipts
Whitley showed me some scars but
apparently he's never been the same man
since ok so I'm getting new from the
interwebs and then I'm going to share my
thoughts of you now this guy I don't
mean any disrespect to him if he was
actually abducted but here you go this
guy right was a writer about UFOs about
aliens so he was probably kind of
begging for this to happen a little bit
like tiny part of him wanting to be
abducted so you could write best-selling
novel about it but it kind of went a bit
wrong and then he just like you know I'm
like and I maybe I just think it's kind
of like coincidence that he was a writer
about UFOs and all things alien and then
gets inducted like just a little bit of
course since and let's search - hulking
people
and make them no speaker okay so reading
some more there seems to be a common
theme with aliens putting things in
people's heads here's a novel one so in
1998 there's this guy called Peter and
Peter also has a wife so he can't be
done saying it's almost to marry him so
I'm gonna take his experience a little
bit more heavily in doing it and these
body these lights in the sky and I'm
assuming they were strange lights of
some sort you know the kinds like you
don't expect to see in the sky because
the only lights that you could really
see in the sky stars the Sun maybe the
odd plane but if you live where I live
and the planes are coming over your head
every five seconds however later that
year this guy called Peter started
getting flashbacks of memories and these
memories that you were getting and he
thought to be memories he didn't
actually remember them happening if that
makes any sense so he was having
memories of things that he didn't
believe to actually have happened which
is kind of set in set sane it's kind of
saying you know saying no it's kind of
insane it's kind of hard to wrap your
brain around as like Namir muggles that
we are thought apparently that's what
the mmm-hmm you know judge he began to
recall memories such as laying in bed
and being grabbed and pulled out of bed
by his ankles and then tall figures
telling him not to worry it would just
be the same as last time
what time excuse me Mitch what time like
what time like if someone said to me
like just gonna be the same as last time
like you mean last this happened more
than once and then lost memory had kind
of relates to the other one was someone
anything you need let his head and this
whole thing with the needles and the
head kind of makes me believe that maybe
it
a bit more because they were getting
needles into the head and these events
happened back in the 80s well they
didn't really have access to the
Internet so they couldn't really access
these like alien abduction stories that
easy as easily as I had so I read
something that kind of makes sense and
it says in most alien abductions like
the ones previously mentioned the
abductee seems to be returned to pretty
safely which could be like a reason that
they're making up you know like where's
the evidence where's the receipts you
know we should get Kim Kardashian
involved in that skins and evidence you
know she probably got some evidence of
some aliens and that phone somewhere you
know but in this story a guy was never
seen again no trace of him so one night
on the 21st of October 1978 a guy called
Frederick was flying over Australia he
was a pilot and that really freaked me
out because that was like my birthday
but 22 years prior you know but still
scary now he was training off of the
southeast of Australia when all of a
sudden he was like in his little plane
just like flying along you know and he
gets someone over his radio thing saying
there is like an unidentified object
flying above your aircraft about a cell
feet above like a fog repeats a lot of
heat you know is overshadowing him then
he looks up and says that the craft
thing that was above him was circling
his own and it was like a missing of
green light which was they really
weren't like really grew really really
weird and all of a sudden he starts
experiencing engine problems so the guys
on the radio asked Frederick - you know
describe the aircraft tell us what it
looks like so we know and I might be
like the devices are flying over North
Korea my Frederick says the most
terrifying thing in the world it's not
an aircraft but what is it run after
that they just hear horrible like metal
interference scraping sounds and nothing
else I was the last there anyone ever
heard of Frederick the Australian pilot
who allegedly got abducted by aliens and
you never know they searched for his
plane and it was never seen again no
trace of him or finger in the Australian
ocean nothing never seen again kind of
terrifies me so yeah they were free
really kind of scary terrifying alien
abduction stories if you guys like these
kind of videos then please tell me and
I'll do some more than like abduction do
you know maybe I dabble in conspiracy
theories at Monroe so I do love
conspiracy theories like I spend a lot
of time reading up on conspiracy fares
even before that or thing like I'm such
a hipster and yeah I wouldn't take these
too seriously as they're just stories I
found on the internet and of course
everything on the internet is true isn't
that like everything everything but you
know might get you thinking a weird the
only ones hit what see yeah go check out
Ben's channel I think he's really funny
and he's really cool and and I'll see
you in my next video bye
