I think it's hilarious how you can tell
how lazy I was feeling today whether I'm
filming here on the floor or ever am
feel me against the white wall because
if I'm filming against the way well I
have to set up a bunch of stuff it's
like some whole thing so I'm a thought
hi so my name is Kara if you didn't know
I feel like a lot of youtubers like open
up their videos like hi it's inset name
I don't do that I just say hi because
I'm not good a little bit and I've like
gained like a lot of subscribers
recently like thank you and it like I
feel like a lot of people don't know
much about me because yeah so I'm going
to reveal some things about me that you
probably don't actually care about and
before I start leave a comment because
people keep like saying do a Q&A and I
can see why you'd want me to do a Q&A
because it's like some big thing to
leave a comment down below and I've been
getting like a ton of comments recently
and it's like making me really happy
because everyone's like generally quite
nice to me and it's like cool so yeah
leave a comment down below with your
question try not to make them like watch
your favorite color like my favorite
colors like I don't I don't have one
like I don't know like I'm an indecisive
like bitch so like yeah so keep them
like you know better so because I'm an
original youtuber bitch I'm just gonna
do the TMI tag which I think like 50
questions or something and I'm gonna
answer them and you're probably gonna
get bored and stop watching so hi bye
what are you wearing I'm wearing this
particle this go if you can see like
t-shirt which I got from a concert I
always hit the wall and then I'm wearing
underwear I think it's hilarious also
how like I'm literally always in my
underwear in all my videos I look really
put together on top or you could say put
together like I don't know what your
means are put together a like but and
then like on the bottom I'm just like
naked and like hey per ceiling how tall
I am 5 foot 5 but because I broke my leg
I haven't like measured myself in a
while so I think I'm more how much do
you weigh um same applies I think I
weigh like 110 pounds or some very
tattoos honey
do you put a bumper sticker on a Bentley
any piercings no funny
so I have my ears pierced like ten
thousand times and every time because
like I'm just lazy cretin I always just
let them close up so yeah I'm probably
not going any pittance evilly I'm
pouring and facing like a broads in
another OTP probably like me and Cameron
Dallas favorite show why am i finding a
basic questions so hard I think I would
I just I so much love you sure we don't
watch much TV but it'd probably be like
Modern Family or something because I
find it always makes me laugh for
keeping up the Kardashians
obviously favorite bands my favorite
band is Panic at the Disco my tickets
actually to their concert in London came
through yesterday and I'm really excited
and I also like twenty one pilots and
you know Jim will like kind of bands you
know some think you miss I was blond
when I was a kid till I was like ten I
have blond hair
and all of sudden just and I what
happened like I metamorphosized until I
can brown hair butterfly look I mean
butterfly
also I hate butterflies like there's
nothing like yes oh I miss being blonde
favorite song really
who has a favorite song no one how old
you I am fifty why do you have to think
about that I'm gonna be 16 in October
like what and then I can legally like do
that but I have no one to do that with
so it isn't actually matter zodiac sign
I'm a Libra because obviously I can
never make my mind up about anything
quality you look for in a partner um hot
it's a gel a bitch probably someone I
can trust and who I know isn't just
gonna decide they don't like me one day
and leave
they were act her right now it's
probably like Zac Efron because he makes
me happy like favorite color
I already addressed this loud music also
medium how long does it take you to
shower I'm not a shower person one bath
person honestly and probably like three
hours no joke how longs it take you to
get ready in the morning like it depends
if I wanna look nice or not because I
will literally roll out there just
looking how I look and go outside or I
will sit there and like completely cake
my face and like shave my armpits you
know I've been physical fight
I punched him in the face once like he
deserved it though and I made a
storytime about it but it didn't really
get any views at all so I might read it
I don't know let me know turn off when
someone tries to talk to you like
everyday oh my god it annoys me so much
like there's so many guys on my snapchat
they just like try and talk to me I'm
like again and then they just like
continue your conversation and they say
like I don't want to talk to you again
like did you not make that clear and
also when guys want you to like talk to
them and you're like no and they get
hostile like that happened like a few
weeks ago some guy started doing it and
I was like I'm not interested and you
got really hostile like what I will sink
or you can do what you want and I'm like
yeah well I don't want to and then so he
got like really mad me not follow me on
Instagram and they sent him like a
really salty snapchat message like I
find it really funny how you get all
hostile or like when I rejected you and
so you aren't follow me on like
Instagram like being softly isn't gonna
get you anywhere bitch and then I
blocked him everywhere he is spiders
ketchup dumb meaning behind your youtube
name okay so Kara Bridget workman is my
full name
Bridget is my middle name right and so I
made my youtube channel Kiera Bridget so
I'd like people I knew wouldn't like
find out about it I'm willing tease me
like oh my god she's doing something and
yeah but that kind of didn't really work
like they found out cuz I wasn't very
careful at keeping secrets huh the
relationship between you and the last
person you texted okay last person I
texted was my friend Ben that's just
Twitter of like notifications favorite
food yeah I really like Texas barbecue
pizza from dominos if no peppers no
onions extra sausage and the coke like I
really like that do you have a crush
nope I'm done with boys last time you
were insulted I don't know I'm really an
easy offended person now I've just
opened the Gateway to hate comments like
I was thinking like better man's right
and salt you interesting instruments you
play I play piano and why did that you
can't say like can i light drag a piano
and Oh like I don't know how I'm gonna
get that back I don't play it very good
though and I play
guitar okay hey favorite piece of
jewelry I'm not really a jewelry person
but my favorite is this bracelet from my
buddy and it's like a little heart and
it has got K on it and then I can see on
that my last sport you played
probably skiing when I broke my leg
favorite chat-up mine can i sliver into
your Gryffindor have you ever used it
yeah last time we hung out of anyone
today I'm half my friend's dog who
should answer these questions next I
don't really know I don't have any
friends thing if you're watching this
and you want to do it then like I'm not
going to judge you okay so I hope you
like that I hope you found out something
about me didn't already even on like
kind of basic and wall mounts is a
really basic and it's just like what was
that I don't know and also remember to
leave a comment with like your question
down there and the reason I kind of made
this video is something you couldn't
like comment on what slow people would
actually leave comments with questions
rather than talking about how much of an
idiot I am like see ya leave a question
and thanks mmm gonna go now bye
