hi so today I am bringing you a story
time I really like morning to tell this
story since like the beginning of my
channel because it was like such a
defining moment in my life I'm so
pathetic but it was like the story when
I did like the most craziest like bad
thing and disrespected my parents on
every level ever yeah and it was like
one of my first encounters of like and
like joking not cooking so this is the
story of the time I lied to my mom went
to a house party and then got chased by
the police
oops so I was about 13 Wow crazy that I
did something really bad and I was 13
that was my rebellious year that was the
year that I kind of like didn't care
about anything good I did all of the bad
stuff so I like I do have a good few
stories from that era of my life so this
girl was having a party
her name is tell her she is like one of
my best bugs and I asked actually has
that like asking permission to do this
video because I didn't want to like cool
her out and like being a druggie
alcoholic but I asked her she said yeah
only if you say that I'm like amazing
and great those were like her kind of
exact words not really so yeah it's
amazing greatly also quickly it's felt
highlighter and now my hands are really
shiny and glowy I don't know if you can
tell no really orange is a fake tan like
I wish I could show you my leg without
showing you my vagina but it's really
shiny too she was having an end of year
party and I'd seen like people having
like crazy parties and doing stuff like
that but I never gone to anyone like I'd
never gone to any of them I'd never like
like attended any of them I never did
anything bad I never drank I never did
anything like that
so I guess I just like fall to myself at
the end of the year it's like my last
chance like let's go for it like so I
found out she was having this party I
found out all the information I found
out that I was gonna be like I don't go
all there I found out that was gonna be
like like it was just gonna be a big
thing and her parents weren't gonna be
down it was like Oh crazy and that was
all like pretty new to me like I'd
always just thought stayed inside like a
little
like you know all day every day inside
like on my laptop like watching YouTube
I've never done anything outrageous and
I really wanted to go to this party so
you know what and I want something I get
it
so it went I remember being really
excited and like really like crazy for
like I was excited to go to this party
so I waited till like the day before to
tell my mom
so I told I like said to her hey my
friends having this party uh for like an
end of year party is to celebrate summer
and like newschools out summertime is by
early hey you know and yeah so she was
like happy really cool like her parents
are gonna be there right and I was like
yeah like why number one like malaya
like what you lyin why you always lying
oh my god lie like wow I need Jesus
thing so I liked her and one thing about
me as I hate lying
I get really guilty and I sort of like
get a lump in my throat if I have to lie
about something and I I just can't I
just physically can't like my physical
body will not physically ejaculate alive
and I hate people that lie it really
annoys me so I told this lie I felt bad
for telling this lie but at the same
time I was kind of like oh my god yeah I
did it I could do this forever I told a
lie I can go to this party and it's
gonna be great and it's gonna be
literate you know like lit like actually
physically lit like so I was like all
doped up that's not a word I'm trying to
be down with the kids but it's not
lagging so I remember wearing exactly
like a little white vest thing and this
like mini skirt but like it flared out
and have flowers on it from Hollister
and I thought I looked so cool I wore a
hoodie of it as well remember that and I
went that and everyone else was wearing
like your skin tight dresses you could
see that like pussies in and the day
came the next day the following day of
when I
to finally come around so driving to
this party
my mom decides hmmm let's get some
chocolates why don't you go into the
little like shop thing and buy some
chocolates and bring to the party
because she feels like a kids path it
gets hanging on that house you know it's
supervised and usually people like bring
a little token of appreciation to them
not so a freaking house party I'll know
if I can argue with her today oh they
won't like that they're like they're too
cool for that uh-huh
because then she'd find out my whole
plan like they're really gonna be there
like it's just really what you're
telling me it is and I'd be like no I
lied and then they'll just be the whole
big thing so we stopped at like
Sainsbury's I'm thinking got like a box
of late celebration chocolates and I
walked in to this party with a box and
celebration chocolates so we got to the
house and we walked up to the door and
knocked on the door like my mom sides to
walk with me because she's like oh tell
her man thank you for like taking bang
into our home and and I was like oh no
it's okay but she insisted and I was
like oh my covers gonna be born and so I
get to the door and we knock on the door
and some girl like opens it she just
looked like really red in the face and
like really hyper and I just looked her
straight was like it is drunk but my mum
thought that she'd just been running
around as the kids do you know I kids
don't get drunk it was really bad and so
before my mom could say can I see her
mum she just grabbed my arm and pulled
me in the house and shut my doors like
died and then I went and now I'd never
been to a house party before at this
point I didn't know what to expect
and I guess it was slightly unlike the
more crazy is right if house parties
give for being my first one you know I
thought it would just be pretty chill it
was not chill
it was not even chill it was like the
opposite of chill they were like hot but
not hot because I'm not hot guys that
like I thought was gonna be whole batch
but one hold on
hmm I get in and everyone's already like
so drunk out of their minds like wasted
for young children of course because
like when you're 12 13 you only have to
drink you don't much to be like like a
power line
Pera don't like rolling around on beds
like doing things and Wow
doing things so descriptive Kara so
descriptive oh my god Wow I don't know I
remember like some guys shouted at some
point like they're having sex in the
bedroom and everyone ran to the bedroom
window to try and look in or something
like that I can't remember exactly what
happened but about a 12 you're just
having sex in a bedroom at a house party
like great way to lose your virginity
guys that's so special you're gonna
treasure that for the rest of your life
like you're hardcore like you go like
mmm
so it was kind of crazy but I kind of
had like a little bit of fun you know I
was like meeting new people like saying
hi to people and it was just like
something a little up started and I was
like a big shatter of glass and we go
sort of like in the kitchen to sort of
like the gardening area I don't know
what room this was and there was like a
glass everywhere like all over the floor
and some girl had stepped in it and like
had a huge like gash it mother
so then she was like walking around
really drunk and I was blood absolutely
everywhere it looked like an actual like
massacre like it actually physically
looked like the guy from the Texas
Chainsaw Massacre had come in and just
like like everyone that was like God all
over the forest like it just wasn't nice
but at the same time it's not like
anyone could just like cool and abalones
be like hi I'm 12 I'm having a house
party and everyone's underage drinking
and doing stuff they shouldn't be doing
some girls go over please come and
rescue us and Stitch or effort and make
you better please like you can't do that
because then they'll get rest is it was
like kind of a tricky situation and I
was all drunk so why would that even
cross their mind like not being in the
glo-blades like when they don't like
Tori I remember everyone was like
looking for like like classes like your
bandage II thing so effing like some
people went into this cos kitchen and I
was like going through her drawers like
I don't really remember exactly what
order everything happened and because
this was that a long time ago and those
guys from the drawers like and then they
found like I don't know what it was like
a first-aid kit and I was like classes
every why and I don't want to give it a
place I don't know how her foot her now
I'm sure it turned out fine because I
think just in life and all of a sudden I
punch like pills like
tablets like pills I don't know what
they were for started spilling out all
over for like I just remember there
being like pills all over the floor and
I was like what like people doing hard
drugs in here like are people doing
crack cocaine or like black tar heroin
like that door like you know so I was
really confused and I was thinking wow
drunk like tweens and like running
around there's like little drugs on the
floor like I don't know I don't think
they're drugs but they were like
something they could have been like
paracetamol you know if you put like ten
of them and like you know there's like
pop in Paris s more and then and then I
don't remember anyone's names so I can't
really give you names I just like this
guy this girl this guy but there's a guy
there's a guy like capsule GU why like
that I'm putting that much emphasis on
his name because he wrote it for
everyone he decides to go to the window
and shout the please are here there
please sit like sorry
and everyone flipped out like everyone
was underage drinking doing illegal
things I wasn't doing any of that so
like I was clear but it still freaked
out like I was still scared I never
brush with the law before I hope they
don't and I was so scared like I was
like I'm gonna go to prison I'm gonna
die I'm gonna get gangbanged so because
it guys screamed that everyone fall Oh
trust me we're gonna do we're gonna run
outside like to the front of the house
yeah great idea
so everyone runs out into the street so
like try and run away but no one's
really running away they're just sort of
like gathering in like the front garden
like a bunch of people like Pokemon go
hunting and so I forms gathering and
this guys that I'm joking I'm joking I'm
joking so then he's joking like we find
out he's joking like funny joke
really funny what a funny joke he made
like how you should do stand-up you're
so funny you're not really not that
funny but all these drunk kids are like
gathered outside they wasn't gonna go
back into this woman drives past in a
car she sees everyone drunk children
gathering outside and I think her son
was at a party and she didn't know he
was
doing all this stuff you know so what
did she do she holds a place I think a
neighbor called the police as well I'm
being called hi yes I'm in the filming a
video okay see she called the police
like at the time we were really mad like
why would she do that like why would you
call a police on us like oh my god but
now I think you're just being a
responsible adult so this woman proceeds
to call the police no one's freaking out
because no one's screaming the police is
coming
until we hear sirens and then police
cars at the top of the road and it's a
really really long road now I didn't
know the area that this party was in so
I had no idea like where I could go I
could do me and these two girls who I
was like the most friends with at this
party decided that we would run everyone
else was still like gathering that being
stupid we thought we're gonna get away
from the crime scene because we haven't
done anything illegal and run away so we
started using bolting the hell away so
we're like running down the street
really fast and they saw like I'll hear
the police sirens but they're gonna stop
at the house you know so we keep running
and all sudden we see this like park and
we think oh yeah safety sanctuary at
last so we run into this park and we sit
down for about thirty minutes where I
proceeded to break down crying into a
thousand tears and their mind not that
many people wouldn't let me have seen me
cry so this was new like this was big
and I breaking down crying like my mum
didn't kill me yeah one of the girls
called her dad he's hand up and she
lived kind of nearby so we got into his
car and drove back to their house and
then when we got that I could when mom
and I was like please came in Abdeslam
now I didn't know that wasn't gonna be
there and I just like lied my little
butt off like I did know her and she
picked me up and she screamed at me I
kind of deserved it blood like not gonna
lie
so yeah like
that that kind of happened because now I
know like not do stupid things they know
how they can turn out so yeah I hope you
like that story time of how I liked my
mom went to a party and got chased by
the police pretty much don't follow in
my footsteps I hope you liked that video
and if you're new I've never ever said
this before then don't check out some of
my other videos like I do a bunch of
stuff I tell some stories and I've done
my most popular videos I just did like
yourself tutorial how to get really sore
clear gory skin if you can see anything
but my skin it's okay and I've done some
other stuff like I do some parodies I
like make fun of things and general
stuff and make sure to follow me on
Twitter and cigars that jollyball their
owners I appreciate you and all of your
love so very much and if you haven't
watched my submission video to Tana
Mojo's club channel thing please go
watch that on my channel and leave it
some heart thank you bye
