hi before I start the next person that
tells me my natural hair isn't that bad
can actually go and eat a table because
if that's not pubes and what is it okay
you can see my bras hanging off on my
door behind me this is my favorite bar
mainly because it makes me look like I
have boobs when I don't so I don't do
this very often I think I probably
should do this a bit more but I kind of
just felt like having a one-on-one
conversation this could be a really long
video this could be a really short video
but I'm gonna like try and keep it as
uncut as possible
and just sit here and talk to you about
what's on my mind everything that's
going on and saying thank you to you
because recently my channels had like
kind of a spike I know I don't have like
those are subscribers I have far from a
lot of subscribers but the last week
it's doubled and it's continuing to like
grow and it's crazy
my submission video to Tana Motors
collapse how that I've got a thousand
views in two days like that's a lot for
me I that was crazy I never thought that
I'd have that I thought that my videos
will be getting like 50 views and I'd
have like one or two regular people but
no I'm seeing like the same names like
so many names on every single video like
the same ones people coming back and
appreciating me it's really weird it's
never something life what I'd so be able
to do and if my channel did it grow any
more from how it is I'd still feel like
I've succeeded because I've gone above
and beyond what I originally plan to do
and I don't have that many people on my
channel who are mean to me who are like
say bad self I don't have that many
haters I used to have one little hate of
it I couldn't account he was like 12 so
I was like whatever like he called me a
racist in my video with my back friends
so like okay natural logic great
and yes and then on another video I had
some guy that commented throw up with
like the Asterix on that like what are
you like I was like me so yeah generally
everyone is nice and people seem to have
so much faith in me people seem to think
I'm gonna turn into something big like
no that's just like I can keep trying to
tell people like I really dollars gonna
happen but no one's like listening to me
it's pretty crazy and everything she's
kind of really overwhelming me right now
but in the best way possible I haven't
had the best like good few months as you
know if you watch like my why 26 2016
yeah I've been having sex in 2016 a
haven't I promise I'm not a porn star
like by 2016 has been the worst year of
my life video it is it was like a bad
year compared to what some people could
be going through but it was probably
like my worst year you know up to date
with my life because I haven't you know
I've been alive for nearly 16 years
that's it like it's not long so it's not
difficult to pick a worst year out of
all of those you know and this one is
just one that I think is gonna stick in
my mind for like probably the rest of my
life like I've had a really bad injury
if you want to see my leg like it's
really gross like I have my muscle look
if I tense you can't see anything I mean
these really swollen that I can barely
like benda I can find it like that much
it's nothing well this is so flattering
where it's like that's my other one like
I have pretty bony knees usually so yeah
everyone's been like crazily nice to me
and I don't know why I deserve this like
I don't particularly think I'm like
special you know I don't think I'm like
deserving of something certain extent I
think I'm somewhat talented and that's
not me being vain that's just me saying
I'm good at some things like that's not
being vain that's just you know having
some confidence in yourself which is
something I do
his heart children and you know I've
always known I was good at things I've
always been good at music like I can
play the ukulele I'm completely Utah I'm
like sort of playing piano I can sing
I've constantly been to like theater
schools been to dance schools throughout
my whole life until the end of last year
so I know that I am good at those things
I guess I can draw and I wanted to do a
video like showing or like my artwork
and stuff which I don't know if you want
to see it that tell me like but with all
of those things I'm not the best of them
if you know I mean there's people out
there better than me like I'm course is
always not better than you I don't know
what I'm trying to say like I'm really
good I like all of those things I love
all of those things but I'm very
mediocre at them so if someone like
looked at me doing it that'd be like oh
yeah you're like really too good at that
you're really talented but like I've
never I'm not good enough it ah I'm not
good enough at music to be able to like
succeed and not fail you know you did
everyone just feel like we are
incredibly average but then there's
YouTube
I've loved YouTube like as long as I can
remember like it was my retreat went
wait I really wanted to drink I forgot
YouTube was my retreat when I was
younger and I just I were very so
different I guess like I was very
socially awkward I didn't really do all
the popular people were doing I sort of
did my own thing I was okay with that
but it was like widely accepted and I
was a bully or anything like I had a lot
of friends you know everyone sort of
liked me but I wasn't like I was never
like a cool kid you know and I'm still
not I am okay with that like I'm really
okay that I'm okay with where I am I'm
really happy of myself and really happy
with who I am because
I'm me that sounds really dumb that was
a good one yeah why would it is like
took me a while to come to terms of like
Karen this is who you are and it's not
gonna change like this is who you are
forever so you learn to love yourself
and yeah starting YouTube I have gained
so so so much confidence it's absolutely
insane every time I upload a video I get
nicest sweetest comment from people like
you telling me that they think I'm
pretty I'm funny good at YouTube you
know all of the above which is something
like I don't get an excessive amounts in
real life I guess no I'm not complaining
about that I don't need to be
complimented to be validated like I had
you know I sort of think that I'm like
no gross and I have an okay face and you
know generally thanks I'm trying to not
sound pain but it's just really nice and
really empowering to hear that from
completely random strangers who don't
know and I know it's sincere because I
was in that position for the longest
time like being a member of the audience
like contributing telling people that I
loved I thought they looked great that I
thought they were hilarious that they
made my date that they made me happy
like their video distracted me from
whatever bad was happening in my life
because I was that once you know and
it's so amazing to get that from other
people so I just I wanted to say thank
you and maybe give you some advice
because I do get a lot of comments on my
videos saying that like oh I really want
to start you too I'm too nervous like
things like this like I don't people to
find out like a lot of people it's not
at me and talk to me on Twitter and
slide in my DMS and I just say just go
for it and that's what I did and yeah
you never know it like people don't
tease me about it because I guess I'm
about it
what reason would they have to tease me
about doing something that I love that
would be like me teasing so I'm going to
play the flute for playing the flu
because they enjoy it you know I think I
guess I'm just trying to say what am I
trying to say I just guess I wanted to
give you some advice if you want to
start YouTube channel go for it take it
from me
I started in YouTube channel when I was
eleven okay
and I started uploading videos and I
realized I had a passion for it back
then but then I was kind of like oh I'm
too young like it's really bad like yeah
so I deletes all my videos and yeah they
are really bad but it was sort of like a
period of my life you know it was a good
period of my life as well it's just part
of me growing up and they were bad so I
I would suggest starting YouTube when
you're older so you don't have to like
cringe I would suggest starting YouTube
about my age you know like 15 I think
that's a good solid age like you're old
enough to know if what you're doing is
cringy or not unless you're completely
brain-dead yeah you're still young
enough to be down with the kids and like
relate to everyone and be funny in a way
people who would want to watch you would
understand and also I wanted to give a
little shout-out to a fan account my
first ever fan account it used to be
called love you care but now I think
it's called Kira appreciation here it is
you should really go follow it if it's
gonna oh my god if it's gonna like focus
that's crazy
wonderful that someone would have made
them as a new idea that I haven't seen
yet
yeah crazy right
and it's wrong by this really sweet girl
called fear and she's from Norway so
shout out to you and another thing
people keep telling me like don't forget
us when you're famous people seem
adamant I'm gonna be big and there's no
way on earth I'd forget anyone like that
not that I think I am because I don't
think I am that there's no way on earth
I would forget the people who put me
where I was I'm not like that I'm not
gonna be like I'm not a social climber I
don't you know I don't use people either
I reply to every single comment every
time I get a little notification in the
corner of my like screen saying oh new
activity on video
I freaked out like insider go like and
then I reply to it and if someone's
having like bad day I was telling me
about something in their life like a
right some paragraph to a girl earlier
and I don't see it as me doing like
charity as he is like I genuinely enjoy
interacting with you guys I love it when
you guys follow me on Twitter and
Instagram and link slide in my jeans and
say hi and don't meet learn a bit about
you and I made a YouTube snapshot which
I add people back on like everyone back
on and put it here it's just Kiera
Bridget and yeah oh my god a helicopter
they could have just got a car for her I
just wanna say thank you for the last
few days I've been extremely happy and
it's really crazy and I just wanted to
tell anyone that made me watchings to
have a little bit of faith in yourself
be confident because it could get you to
where I am and I know I'm not anywhere
particularly special but I'm content and
I'm happy and I think that's everything
everyone should strive for their matter
what level you're at I guess see if you
haven't watched it already please go and
watch my
entry submission video ding toot
animators club channel because if I was
accepted onto that thing I don't know
oneness and today is forever but if I
was to be able to be on that I'd
actually probably get dire air like no
joke I was a bit more of a serious video
not my usual thing and I guess that's it
I guess like follow me on them for my
social media I will leave it below and
yeah you know the helicopters back
