hi that's my intro so recently you Tana
mojo uploaded a video today something
about a little ounce Minh or whatever
you say aside in collab channel when
this is me asking you to like hey can I
be on your cloud channel because that'd
be really cool and it'd be like the
coolest thing in the world I would very
much like to do that now I'm not going
to pretend I'm not sweating right now
number one I'm really nervous and number
two it's like a thousand degrees and I
really why I really shouldn't live my
office up I haven't shaved them either
but yeah it's like a thousand degrees
and I'd really watch Marva watch Moffat
much rather be naked right now thank you
so back in February I was skiing and I
broke my leg and I messed up really bad
and it still kind of broken - I see it
it's like really deform there you go say
hi so I started a YouTube channel it's
tired of bad but it got progressively
better I get where you're coming from
YouTube makes you so happy every single
video is like oh thank you so guys for
making me happy like whenever youtubers
say that I get it now I have what like
nearly four hundred subscribers that's
nothing
but it's kind of everything because when
I make a video being an idiot like
talking about how I do nothing all day
or telling a story time about how how
creepy stalking a but lives over the
road took a photo of my mom's boobs yes
he did I get comments on there people
telling me they think I'm pretty that
they think I'm funny that they think I'm
good at YouTube and I just need more
exposure and I think wow that's so nice
I don't believe a word you're saying I
want everyone's kind words to penetrate
my pussy I don't want all the not so
kind words to go up my anus and then it
makes you think how you must oh you have
it on a scale of a million people that's
crazy
I just want to like share a little bit
of it I'm gonna be quite blunt when
people think of British youtubers they
think oh like zoella like hey I'm gonna
review this MacBook I'm gonna review
this candle oh that's hot
and they don't think of many people who
are like crazy outspoken crazy like you
are they don't think of people that tell
cool story times and do weird things and
just everything like I don't have a
genre I don't have a filter if I don't
have many things I don't have a life I
don't really have priorities I don't
have a boyfriend
I don't have a
Kylie lip kit that's something I really
want out John I really want to be on
your cloud channel the only one thing
though one thing is that I'm a little
bit scared to say fuck because if I do
my mother watches it she'll actually
beat my backside like I'm sorry I drew
you here but then you like changed your
nose so now it's wrong and I have to do
it again and I threw you in summer hair
I want to join in the fun and I want to
make other people laugh because for the
last five years I've been watching
YouTube and it's been making me really
happy in the times where I was a little
nerd and I didn't know how to straighten
my hair and it looked like I have a
booger pubes on my head no one wanted to
be my friend I don't want you to do is
sit on the internet all day long I'm a
hardcore motherfucker I hope you think
I'm the best thing in the whole entire
war that would be of birth and I hope
you take my submission into
consideration and yeah bye that's my out
