hi right you can see my reflection hi
so I found this video like a good few
weeks ago and I kind of decided against
it because I didn't like it I seemed to
kind of like it gives beauty guru and
that's really not what I'm going for so
for me I'm going to refilm it again
today in a way that would relate to the
kind of people that watch me a lot more
I'm not I said just made sounds probably
didn't because one does anything I ever
say make sounds I don't know nothing I
guess I show up anyway they video I'm
going to show you how I get my skin to
be kind of looking kind of nice unlike
all of the products I use and everything
like like holy Jesus hallelujah swear by
before I start as well I know that like
clear skin is genetics don't crucify me
they make skincare products for a reason
that reason is to make your skin better
and if you like having weird things on
your face and you do you I'm not going
to tell you to do any of this stuff if
you don't want to do it and that's your
choice like I don't understand it but I
accept it
okay let's go so I absolutely
religiously use a vitamin E products I
don't know what it is about stuff with
vitamin iam but it just like helps
absolutely everything
it helps cross things and like flaking
skin it helps scars like I had a bunch
of chicken pox scars on my head I use
this stuff they're gone so I guess I'm
just gonna like work through my skincare
routine because I have makeup on right
now if you can't tell and yeah I'm gonna
show you what I do and what seems to
make my skin pretty good yeah I know
what you mean I see how this could be a
little bit too close for comfort we're
gonna have to go otherwise you can't see
my pores like you want to see that right
yeah so I'm sure you've seen these wipes
before I ate one in the videos go check
that out and I used it in a makeup
routine which I private it because I
hate and I want to do it again these are
the most amazing cleansing white oh my
god it just like farted air into my face
I like squeeze it in air from it listen
you're doing it you hear a fastening you
squeeze it it's like fondling in my fate
anyway so yeah I use easy and lots of
videos and whoa they are so amazing they
are so good they get off like every
single bit of like makeup and badness
and dirt yeah I get down on my face once
I don't remember so good they're like
very uh also called look you see the
juice come out exactly oh that looks
like something else joking they work
really good I'm going to link F right
now inscriptions you can link and clip
on it and like check them off you want
and so I'm gonna wipe my face with this
and you can see everything disappeared
so yeah let's do that
yay now my face is clear my battery's
dying why next up I'm gonna use this
vitamin E cream cleanser by the body
shop and I have something in my eye I
really like the kind of like pink of it
it just kind of fits in with my whole
life aesthetic and ice now I usually use
like a cotton pad and just like put that
on there and put it on my face but I
don't have any because I just ran out so
I'm also just going to use one of these
to do it I'm glory but like yeah if you
have like a cotton pad or even like soft
tissue use that don't use this because
it'll be like actually it's just extra
trying work after what you know I mean
you have to like dry it all up on your
face I do mine some other scenarios
where you have to do that but yeah and
you know it's not like a great
experience like it's not good time so I
just like put a little bit like that
like it's just not much on them then I
put this not like this
now I'm just gonna turn to the upside of
the white and then wipe off or excess
now if you every dry skin like me the
skillet is kinda like cross off your
face like natural pastry then you'll
know the exfoliating is my life saving
Glee amazing you just like scrub your
face and you scrub all your dead skin
off and then it just goes and you
actually feel like you're fresh out of
the womb like an actual soft skin baby
who's just like just covered in all that
links vagina gunk from when it comes out
of the womb it's just so soft and silky
and glossy and gel like and oh I hate
babies but they're for good skin and
give it to them and what's really great
is this stuff's for all skin types so it
will kind of help everyone
thomna and again doesn't it just look
like something you'd want to like drink
like it just looks like medicine but it
looks for in your eyes it looks like
cloudy land they but like when they put
like a raspberry flavor in it you're
like mom Spencer's better than if anyone
I'm talking about the hole so again
you're supposed to put this on a cotton
pad but do I haven't eaten one so I'm
just gonna put a few drops onto my hand
I was a bit Dumont injure been
enthusiastic and again this does look
like something else
that's okay it's the hydrating toner and
I don't know if toners do anything I've
heard something like conspiracy theory
about toners like I don't know what it
does but it does something it's kind of
like Jacob Satori sweatshirt like I
don't know if I like it but it sticks in
my head all day so it does something you
know some people might look at this and
think oh my god that's too much like I
don't have time for that and also these
products are like fairly expensive I
guess but anyone that knows me I take so
much pride in my skin like if I get
compounded on something which is where
it's usually my skin like a lot of
people touch my face and go oh my god
it's so soft it's my pride and joy it's
the one thing like everyone has that one
thing about them they think I'll girl
like some people except thee some people
it's an kneecaps and for me it's just
like my general skin not I think it's
like amazingly glory or anything but I
just think it's like really clear I'm
quite soft and like nice and I know I
have a problem with these but that's
nothing to do with my skin care that's
just because I go to bed at 6 a.m. and
wake up at 1 so every night I just had
to take a call and I have no idea where
I just left off so I'm gonna go to next
thing I like put oil on my face now if
I'm doing it before I go to bed and it's
9 o'clock right now so I'm not gonna go
to bed for like another seven hours it's
so if it's before I'm gonna go to bed I
use this like overnight oil serum then I
wake up in the morning and oh my god I
look like a radiance zombie come from
heaven above itself like wow like yes
this is fabulous and I'm just like rub
it all in my face I recommend this oh I
use it moist nights and now it's summer
I've dug this one back out again this is
a saint
a self-tan lox facial oil Hughley fish
or less on English don't worry this is
absolutely amazing and you might be
thinking oh my god Kira
how can you recommend my good skincare
products when you're recommending fate
sounds and when you block out your pores
and make it ugly disgusting Wow using
here on this thing see what that says
right there you know what it says do you
know oh you can't see X is not focusing
but that says non pore blocking yeah
that's right bitches I don't know if it
actually doesn't book your pores which
looks like your gimmick to make you buy
it but it says no more blocking so I'm
going to believe it because I want to be
fresh in town all day
no the matte idea see how we do it says
apply it do two free drops to clean dry
skin
but who really listens to that when you
want a summer glow I just kind of like
now you guys look like a stream of pee
so I make like a little pee puddle in my
hand and I dip my fingers in and then
there you go
I apply the oil to my face like
literally I wore this like at the end of
last year and someone looked me and went
oh my god Kara did you like go somewhere
like tell me how hot like the Sun or
Mars or something whether it was hot
Emma and I like oh no it's just just my
skin like legit I'm the goal of this up
but yeah it looks that real and
obviously you're not gonna see like the
results on my face right now but maybe
oh my oh hi it's next day I don't mean
to like intervene but I literally look
like I have jaundice so I do not
recommend paying as much as I did on
your face is like such a bad idea even
though like I guess some girls like that
look I kind of look like I have liver
disease or alcohol poisoning so take
some advice from me take an apple off my
tree is that the saying I don't know by
the sea I look greasy and oily but it
doesn't feel oily if you know I mean
like a touch my face and it feels
relatively dry it sinks in really
quickly and you wake up the next morning
and you
Brown and the good thing is is that I
have white bed cheese and it doesn't get
on them so there you go last but very
much not least is this a chapstick thing
now when I went skiing when I broke my
leg I took this with me well I took the
other two because I ran out of them if I
use it every single day like 10 times a
day anyway
I brought that with me and if you've
been skiing you know how dick callously
dry your lips get because that you're
constantly in the wind and it's just
like like drying out the lids yeah so I
use this like every day and my lips they
stayed so nice and so juicy yes that's
all that stuff that makes my skin silky
and swimming shiny and like a freshly
vaginally born baby I'll see section
baby though they're not clean I hope you
learned something from that I hope you
enjoyed it and so I hope you didn't get
too offended by my dirty jokes I kept
making continuously for a while yeah
I've got like a few parodies in mind so
if you want to see them let me know give
this video a thumbs up leave a comment
down below telling me what you do to
make your skin shiny and smooth and
maybe some other things you'd like me to
give some advice on if there's something
you like about my face I doubt it hmm
yeah subscribe to me if you haven't
subscribed already I'm getting so good
at this outro thanks goodbye I guess
bye and I'm gonna get down with it and
I'm gonna get down with it
hey oh man again turn it on again turn
it on again damn food
