hi I'm on my bed filming a video today
because I like this background more
because it's colorful and pretty and
represents summer even I hate someone
want anything in the whole entire world
and also it's my bed so it's like 10
times more comfortable with you know I
like comfortable things who doesn't and
maybe I was too lazy to set up like a
chair and everything over by the white
wall but haha
the reason they might like personal life
I've been doing a lot of complaining
about how the male species isn't
treating me right then I come to think I
don't even treat the male species all
that good I have a lot like a lot of
stories what I've been the biggest bitch
the hotels that I was not one thought
for me because I'm about to so I'm gonna
tell sorry about this time life really
really was just the meanest cold-hearted
bitch in a whole world and completely
destroyed a 13 year olds little heart
I'm sure if you can hear outside sounds
I'm not shutting my window it's like
170,000 degrees and I just can't deal
with the temperature I'm actually like
getting BOTS wet right now like sorry
look at my muscle is I'm like I'm a crap
I'm ready your mom's is like no okay
when I was in yeah that 7th grade I
think fully American folk which is like
90% of you because in our attics I went
for like a couple of phases with like
different males who have penises and
that was this one in particular and we
used to like talk latex on bbm a little
BlackBerry's because when everyone was
12/13 we want a little BlackBerry's and
talking bbm to each other and that's
when iPhones weren't cool I gave up an
iPhone 3GS which was like hot at the
time verb that way anyway to me in the
sky were like talking
unlike bbm he was like oh yeah huh I was
like yeah like I wasn't crazy into him
or anything but I could tell that he was
like oh yeah girl like into me kind of
and like we know that I don't really
understand like you know know people and
it's just kind of like I like you and
we've been talking for about two weeks I
think you should be boyfriend and
girlfriend now you know so because I
thought I was better than everyone he
asked me out this one time it was
something like along the lines of oh I
really like you you want to go out with
me you want to be like my hump buddy I
didn't think he knew what that was and I
was like ah well the thing is not like I
don't really remember exactly how this
went but this is like kind of how you
know it happened why am I being a crab
again so I think things kind of like
eased off between us and like we kind of
like stopped talking to each other more
and we just sort of just like drifted
apart you know but then eventually we
started talking to each other more and
more more because student this kid was a
nice person I can't even remember his
last name now but you'd see was a nice
person and now at that point I was
friends with this girl he was also like
friends with him and I'm just friends
she I think was like texting me like oh
I think he really likes you I think he's
gonna ask you out again and I was like I
was feeling quite full of myself because
at this time a bunch of prepubescent
boys were like caught on my towel and I
was just like oh yeah well I'm cool now
like I can do what I want like I'm
Beyonce so anyway this girl was like
yeah he really likes you I think isn't
ask about he's like telling me how he
likes you know how you once lady your
boo thing and things like that so
because I'm a little bit conspired a
plan just to mess with him didn't even
do anything wrong just to mess with him
for being a nice person with a crush on
a girl and I think I really hurt his
feelings
Serena's called Hawking we was like oh
my god yeah like let's make you think I
really liked him too and that he should
ask me out so she was taking him like oh
yeah I think she really likes you too
told me she really likes you and she
really wants to like be with you things
like that and secretly I was like hmm
this one out I'm like I'm sorry boiling
know so for a few days we like hatching
this little plan and she'd be telling
him how much I liked him back and I just
feel like carry on and someone's with
him and then one day he asked me
something I do like me and I thought
this is hilarious because it was a
perfect opportunity to like you carry
out this plan we had so I just went yeah
I do kind of like you like a little
wedding I got like killing and I do
current like yeah yeah so obviously he
was like pumped and ready to go so this
other girl was like encouraging him to
like ask me out like over vvm of course
so then finally the time come and he
sent me the text will you go out with me
this is a public everyone unsubscribes
please don't unsubscribe oh no I wanna
mmm I'm the worst person whole I was
just like no laughing face belfie face
laughs 'if a selfie face looks good even
with me and I can tell you first time
that this boy was absolutely humiliated
I can't avoid said exactly but I think
he was probably crying not gonna lie
because I just tore down his ego and
self esteem and I kind of mad I need him
to go for a very long time after that
so me in this girl fool this is
absolutely hilarious this is a funniest
thing we've ever done but because I do
have a conscience
I felt really bad like immediately after
and I was like I shouldn't have done
that I was horrible why did I do like he
was just being nice he didn't do
anything wrong and I wish I could say
sorry to him but I don't know that's
weird
you probably didn't remember
and I'm not really that sure who he is
like just imagine someone doing that to
you like how would you feel I think it'd
be pretty devastated and embarrassed and
your self-esteem would just go from like
here to here or in my case it would go
from like here to here hope you like
that story here's probably the meanest
thing I've ever done don't unsubscribe
I'm a changed woman I just thought I was
like some prestige little bitch you
could do any she wanted and break
everyone thought I wasn't even that
pretty so subscribe if you're not
already that would be really cool and
also give this video thumbs up and leave
a comment of what you want me to do next
or something like that I guess if you
wanted to I'm not gonna make this like
you don't want name yeah I'm gonna go
now
I'm waiting for a go I just wanted to
say thank you my sponsor best fiends
forum sponsoring this video I freaking
love best means that it's just the best
game ever and you get these like little
things I'm joking I'm really drawing but
like you're gonna live and playing here
recently it's actually pretty good
I wish they would sponsor me no I don't
buy
