why can't I do anything why hi I'm
filming this video from my bed because
that's just the kind of person I am and
I don't want to mislead anyone now I'm
assuming if you're watching this video
there also a similar type person to me
and you don't really do much and you
might get questions like why don't you
do anything
why don't you ever socialize why don't
you come outside it's sunny and your
answer to all of those questions is no
so I've compiled a brainless because I'm
good at compiling brain lists because I
was too lazy to get a pen and paper of
things you can do to just convince
people that you're OK like this that the
nothink life is the life for you that
being dead inside is normal without
further ado let's get into this video
now sometimes as a mild osmotic when
people tell me to do things I'll just
use the excuse I have asthma
can't believe sorry hey Kyra let's walk
over there to that specific place kind
of far away me it usually works unless
the person you're talking to is
completely not stupid and they know how
long's work but I don't know if you have
my stomach just make a sound but it did
the next thing is to be on your phone
all the time always look absolutely
completely occupied and invested in
whatever you're looking at so that when
people talk to you they think hmm I'm
not interrupt her she looks really
really really busy on Twitter oh my god
I look someone followed me on Instagram
that famous person here is a person
retweeted my tweet good now you might
not have your phone with your all times
because if you're anything like me you
forgot to charge it in that case take a
nap but the trick is to look really
adorable when you're asleep so no one
disturb you
or you could just pretend you're busy
with your boyfriend and if you don't
have a boyfriend you can invest into a
pure boyfriend but also posters and
animals work too let me demonstrate now
the next idea is to pretend you're
mildly allergic to everything and when
someone says hmm you're not allergic to
that you'll see bitch now all you have
to do is go on google and find some
really ugly allergic reaction faces say
the photo of the ugliest face you can
find and then use the face what feature
on snapchat they make you look like your
face I'll insert an image here now I
only suggest that if you're going for
like film for like fledged dairy allergy
be allergy allergy to air however if
you're telling the people that you are
allergic to tree pollen or a cat then
you might want to go for something a
little bald then you might want to go
for something a little more low-key and
a bit less traumatic and if all of that
fails you could just burn your house
down
story I accidentally burnt my house down
I have their clothes so I can't come to
your funeral I'm a really bad youtuber I
don't even think I'm a youtuber yeah I
think I'm just someone who likes last
time by making bad videos I'm excited
for the 10 views this is gonna get
anyway thank you for enjoying this
massive video I hope you liked it I
didn't I know I look a certain way and
I'm sorry subscribe
