hi today I'm going to be playing urban
dictionary challenge guess what that is
meaning about it okay yes yes I am not
sure if other people have done this
before and if they have I'm assuming
it's probably like Mormon car be kind of
thing but I don't have any friends so hi
friends watching this so basically what
you do is you want open dictionary and
then it gives you like a phrase I guess
like on the randomizer thing and then
you just guess what it means this might
be like explicit don't watch if you're
under the age of 18 kind of video but
I'm also under the age of 18 so let's
break it all together I'm so sassy today
not I wish I wish
it sure very there you go yep always
gonna get right into it I don't know how
I can prove to you that I'm not cheating
but I'm not a Nutella Oh No what's
Nutella do I have to be and I don't know
what Nutella is for the purpose of this
video let's take guess that stuff that
comes out of my butt sometimes I got it
from God's favorite edible food made by
Pixies in the magical land of YUM I so
much Nutella I actually ejaculate it
same yeah I don't know no might mean
that you don't know something but it's
kind of like that thing that I say
sometimes I just go pat no wait no
I don't know but like oh like I don't
know how funny when you really just
don't know whoa
what time is it I don't know love they
screenshot them or then I can put them
on the screen like a battle professional
YouTube or you get paid to put so much
effort something because I actually get
these denied de and I Edie hmm well I'm
just gonna assume it's what the word
actually means Oh actually maybe not
maybe it's like when someone tries to
get some but then the actual
holders like oh no you ain't getting
that is boy and then they get
denied I'm not taking a guess because I
feel like someone who's posting
something on urban dictionary isn't
gonna go for like boxford English
dictionary definitions that's just what
I'm gonna say not discriminating or
anything oh it just means rejected I
kind of got it I guess
slide you like a point system all that's
gonna be sick how many points do I have
now tailgate tailgate so like I know
that word from an actual dictionary okay
okay okay what's that thing when people
try to like also what against when
someone goes through the gate on your
tail maybe oh I feel I should have known
that so I just do this when a driver
follows the car in front leaving little
or no stopping distance especially at
high speed this babe you may stem from
or or any of the following life
imagination never seen pictures of a
road accident learning difficulties road
race on someone you're only managed to
pass his / her driving just by giving me
some a blowjob at Santa Maria yeah hbg 4
is hbg an acronym for hard booty grabber
is but gonorrhea his brother's gonorrhea
hi birds
grabba caused by the high and I assume
someone's probably grabbed a bird out of
the sky before jingling jingling
jingling jingling Hardbody gangster I
said hot ie someone who's really tough
and should be messed with me me little
me oh my god
so me and so relatable I can relate to
that know how much I like this game by
recording for one minute Oh 10 minutes
we're gonna do one more time keep a
short Christy it's an Italian let's stop
that I never liked Italian Greek word
for a homosexual I like that one more
can we replace the word by word sexual
what Christy oh my god it like in the
census done some I don't know I just
think it sounds cool like hey I'm
thirsty is that your name no it's my
sexual orientation I'm done I'm fine my
laptop now okay I'm gonna go edit this
in this video thumbs up and subscribe
and like this and leave a comment down
below I already said that
nor did I oh I don't know I also try it
also might want to go to bed okay I love
you not I do but oh okay bye
you
