oh so I usually just say hi okay hi hi
this is my buddy play her name's Ann
Tanya yes she is of African heritage
yeah Tanya last June Barry to tell us a
bit about yourself all right
I'm I'm black so you arrived Atlantic
Hudson's I don't even know Tonya was
ever so nice to bring me jelly beans
which is really good but they're like
special jelly beans because some of them
taste not that nice which would be bad
but it isn't because it's fun
marketing fools don't try this at home
kid
the last time we did this after water
you know before we get back please don't
do that over me now for some reason we
don't have the one with a special spin
on it no they didn't have that so we
gonna play what favor scissors are we
going oh yeah I'm guessing rock paper
scissors
oh you can do that yeah look you do be
honest yeah this is Eva toothpaste or
berry blue I really like the sound of
either of those but sometimes I
swallowed my tooth paste and brushing my
teeth and it's fine she's on her own no
one
why I said why does her hard hmm
berry blue oh that tastes good blue all
right anything blue I hope you enjoy to
eat jelly beans with braces that was
like boring I kind of wish it was gross
but then they would feel like more
exciting
I'm sorry write me could be filed down
the road super classy
yeah did you know who black I know his
name know his name yeah cuz I know that
cuz I've gotta go to his lair don't I
maybe it's my dog he didn't want into
someone's house yeah I'm asked found it
thank you lawn clippings or lime I like
both of those things
am I like lime you know when someone
just freshly cuts the grass and it
smells really good no like a human being
oh I like lying I think it's a white
people thing
no that's class that actual grass oh my
god I love it
oh my god worthy of its high side
Lilith if you just got a lump of grass
and you covered it with dogshit
and they just ate it I probably don't
know who my mother is
you sure I fall over a lot you know that
she does oh how none rotten egg or
buttered popcorn I know you did popcorn
behind a person I'm more of a sweet
toffee I don't I'm about that Savior
yaaay
oh I don't like what an egg and people
oh yeah vegans why do you like long
clipping so I never nine
oh yeah it tastes good it tastes good
mmm
oh my god I nearly actually like
excreted in my underwear but was about
to I have a hard time second time this
week
hello nasty Nate nasty niggas they place
thank you Mark Walker yeah okay
let's link this room that's not actually
someone might actually yeah that's what
I was about to say someone had to donate
their bogies just so that we can eating
it we eats or lots of buggies okay say I
don't want to I don't want to young bear
have you by oh wow okay I thought I've
got boogers but I didn't know what
boogers hey sight it is a pee it's gonna
taste like chocolate okay I think my
taste myself must messed up his like
pear no it doesn't it pear but maybe
like some of the flavor from your ones
like rocked off I know he's happy when I
forget she tasted like I've been
compared the old lady au pair on that
tree I said it tasted like North nippy
like inhaled it like yeah I know about
oh my god shake
my worst nightmare
yep polo my ass canned dog food or
chocolate pudding mm-hmm juice break
this is Ava chocolate pudding or canned
dog food and I know about you know if
you have like a dog and you've kissed
its mouth after its eaten then I think
that's God you don't sound I I don't my
dogs are dogs
your mother doesn't like dog not my want
I want it except a fee my mom had nine
dogs we should Bernard yes don't want
one will top one crap that I take the
dog I can like put pop-up bling no shit
Sherlock
this is so good guys you need to try
this is this so good did I go for hey
you know that old crusty orange juice
over there from this morning you have it
already maybe I don't need this in my
life
is only wearing the money people like
these beavers having extra flex is
perfectly don't drink cold coffee drink
after you eat these what it makes you
feel sick it's just disgusting oh okay
I'm putting on laughs I'm not gonna suck
off the outside like I did last time to
buy to just we have to swallow okay well
put in your mouth then is do you know
decomposing in my mouth
be free it's bubblegum bubblegum savoury
ja I felt like we should end this on the
bad measure yeah yeah yeah and you know
who person's be like okay no I'm a dude
on a good but let's stop you know I mean
deranged psychopath hey Dwight let's end
this oh my baby wipes oh I got baby
wipes no I don't like it coconut my baby
was like a cleaning Sacramento flower
yeah that's what baby what to chill you
know bricks I ain't real baby what yeah
whoever can give it in enough for
longest wins
wait the whole babe I won't be this is
how you know she does house I don't dude
you've been sick yes that with this in
your mouth haven't you want to come
across this in my life I feel that
you're lying to me okay
I really like maybe it's like it is a
baby you know I like maybe like smells
really good okay right hey hey this FDA
try me it says Oh Tommy yeah yeah so
we're going to target it stings my mouth
what video yeah that's why I won't be
given had anytime soon no I did I saw
you spin I felt is from the way actor
what oh that's all like mommy I just if
I die tonight so I hope you enjoyed this
video don't watch if you're sensitive to
like format and stuff my guess is
probably too late now and you're already
having a panic attack
Thank You 400 subscribers bye
hey boy hey high school football cause
that's like boys have to edit out a
whole like two minutes of me just going
