hi - I start this video I just want to
say thank you for the 11 people that
have subscribed to me like I'm totally
famous now when it's just all on my head
and I don't have time for any of you
seriously I thought it would stay more
like your zero and both my videos with
zero reviews and I really love doing
this and I hope I can do this more
because it's just like the coolest thing
in the world I don't care if no one
watches me well I do also don't I don't
like such a two-year-old doesn't know
like a dog is just come and excrete it
on my head it's so cute it goes like
tumblr lang subject of looking like a
two-year-old this video is about my
childhood stories and some of the just
weird confusing deranged things I did as
a minor and I'm now beginning to
question why I was a bit of production
after revising these in my head so the
first story I think just perfectly sums
up how I was as a human being and how
just melodramatic and just awful I wish
this kara was just walking along
shopping with her mother holding her
hand
you know she's being a child running
around looking at everything that
doesn't concern me mother sudden I of
course decide I want to start jumping so
I do and bear in mind I'm still holding
her hand so when I jump I'm gonna get a
take her with me I just take off I just
this is really difficult to explain but
imagine she's standing and I leap
forward there's gonna be some like
tension in my arm right I leap forwards
and she realizes I've leaped forward
being four he complete and utter fool
and of course I've dislocated my arm so
I start screaming and crying apparently
and holding my arm of being sad lying
over will before move my arm
so she decides okay well it's time to
take you to the hospital
what all my bad stories happenin awesome
tools so we get to the hospital and my
mom is like frantically trying to get me
medical attention because I'm really
overreacting at this point but she
doesn't know that
and so she's looking away and everything
and we're waiting your doctors like okay
I'm going to come and see you now what
am i doing what am i doing what is Kira
doing I'm sitting in the other side of
the waiting room in the toy pit playing
I'm building Lego bricks with my arm
which is supposedly hurting really bad
and needed desperate medical attention I
can easily say my mother was very
embarrassed and I wasn't a little I know
that one wasn't like completely
traumatic but I think it just all like
sums up my personality in a really good
way because I just suck and I still do
kind of suck
oh yes what another story where I injure
myself so this one took place when I was
like five we had like a bouncy castle
swimming pool in the garden and it was
like my favorite thing in the summer I
used to bounce on it I used to go down
the slide into the water I loved it so
one day I decided I want to play on it
it's a sunny day so why not it's already
up so I'm not sure where I got this idea
from I'm also like watched a show or
something where someone did something
like this and I thought I can do that oh
by the way I used to think I could lift
cars when I was younger I don't know
where I got the idea from but I just
used to think like I could lift a car
anyway so I walk to stairs at the top of
this bouncy castle swimming pool and I
think hmm I'm getting a jump so I jump
and I land on my back I land on my back
on a solid floor with only like two
inches of water like seriously two
inches of water why I thought this was a
good idea I'll never understand what was
going through my brain from that point
on I don't really remember anything
because apparently I passed out all I
can remember is an ambulance coming me
getting put in an ambulance and getting
an emergency x-ray as usual I can't even
begin to describe the amount of x-ray
that I've had in my lifetime it's going
to be slow bad I'm just going to like a
radioactive glow-in-the-dark monster one
day I don't think that's how it works
this was back in the time where I wanted
a broken bone and I was really sad when
they told me my back wasn't broken sorry
the result I didn't have a broken back
so there you go that me these are some
stories from my childhood you might
enjoy you might not be probably warned
please come back I hope you enjoyed that
I hope it made you laugh then make me
laugh subscribe you'll get better and
formats maybe adapt and I dropped it
