this is just not right I hate it so much
groans that's disgusting
hi what's up what's hanging can i film a
video like this this is nothing to do
with anything today we are going to be
doing stuff that is unquestionable maybe
illegal and very very very very found
upon okay then by how she think this is
gonna be a really cool experiment
because I'm gonna go outside wearing
probably next to nothing and see how
people react to it if I get some strange
looks and I don't really go outside much
in regular clothes so this is gonna be a
bit of a stretch keep watching your
guests
do you like cloves okay
me too I like cloves - as you can see it
really like clothes and I have so many
of them good thing for you as we
probably chefs in the interest that I
know somewhere where you can look at
cloves and it's gonna be really really
fun so currently almost two hundred
thousand Bridget spinners follow me on
this app called 21 buttons where you can
upload pictures of your outfits tap
where the cloves are from and you can
make money every time someone buys one
of them yeah money you're interested now
keep listening
but not only can you make money tagging
your outfits you can find style
inspiration from other people like me
and your favorite influences you can
find photos of me on that that are not
uploaded anywhere else on the Internet's
of your hardcore business spinner you'll
have a great time over there and guys if
you guys my profile on that right now
I'm going to be following like the
harmony of you they go and comment on
their most recent posts this is an
interesting time to click the link down
the description right now to download 21
buttons find out where I get my clothes
and where loads of both people get that
close and you could make some money okay
good
Just Married I guess this is one of the
more tame outfits I don't know how I
feel about this
it is incredibly tight I do kinda feel
like I can't breathe a little bit which
makes me wonder I'm pretty sure this is
a swimsuit and not a clothing why you'd
want the swimsuit we've just married on
it I don't know the whole point of
swimsuits to look cool sexy and pick up
the boys if you know what I mean don't
know why you'd wanna announce that on it
unless it's like oh boy don't wait for
me but also here's my box I love
attention I'm not really sure why where
I was going was that where what you want
I don't know how we feel about this it's
kind of cute you know it's very figure
flattering because it's so tight I can't
breathe
however we have this addition to the
outfit and I thought this will go very
well with the wedding theme I'm not
entirely sure what this is it's some
kind of belt are you sure about that I'm
pretty sure it just kind of goes like
that it's like a hook it's like and then
how does that even work
oh I understand Oh cute come through
ripped jeans if you can feeling this I
don't really know what to say about it
to be honest
madjoe F so weeks Howie
oh my god you're married yeah whoo - I'm
not sure but it happened it wasn't me
hey I love you
let's put Pogo and his wedding dress oh
you look so pretty in your wedding dress
hey please don't touch of a man it's
very disrespectful towards me some guys
just to find all of you of the outfit
I've took it outside and it is very cold
because as you can see there's not much
to it I really like this though I think
this is pretty cute and maybe you're
careless of some outfits in the future
right now it's raining which has
reminded me this outfit as it's a
swimsuit has one very big perk and that
is it's waterproof
true yeah so the next piece of lingerie
is this tampon looking thing it's very
revealing and completely see-through
right I'm wearing it to a very suitable
occasion a family dinner at a restaurant
yeah I have no idea so I just pop my
nipples off
I've watched stuff like this before but
it always has some kind of like thing
here you know protection that this has
this has nothing but this is just this
is just not right I don't know what I'm
going to do this is absolutely
humiliating this is why I have come up
with I understand the whole point of
lingerie you're supposed to see the
inappropriate bits underneath that would
be illegal if I did that so I'm really
sure where I'm going with this why why
does it look like this Morgan yeah okay
well anyone look at me and think hey
husband do you like my outfit hey Joe
hey Martin Hey she'd like my outfit yeah
that's nice is it a
so I'm gonna come out to dinner with you
guys in yeah I got do it
it's ugly and I know what you're gonna
say carry this offense or problem stop
being soaked spoil of we all don't even
have clothes but I hate it so much I
don't know why look so hate us you can
even whether the free the nipple isn't a
thing yet we're not allowed to have on
them who's out yeah how do you ever wear
people wearing it they do I could do it
you know what screw you can you please
just let me have my mental breakdown oh
my god you anything right why can't even
have a mental breakdown right come on
what's wrong with me
it's just mounting it if stain resistant
just keep away from fire oh I want the
fire please just let me have my mental
breakdown
yes it's happening it's happening
am i an arsonist now it is legal that
doesn't look healthy I know I'm not even
on my period that's the scariest thing
about all of this maybe I should have
just worn it how do you make the fire
stop I'm literally home alone and
there's a fire yeah I definitely should
have just worn out as you can probably
tell I just had a mental breakdown on
outfit number two because I really
didn't want to go out in there so I for
a little bit of a tantrum because I've
kind of lost direction for this video
already and I'm only two outfits in so
everyone got a little bit annoyed and
went out without me so I decided why
don't we do something a little more
indoorsy then I came across a solution I
use like online shopping for a bikini or
a swimsuit and you see something so
beautiful you're like yeah I must put
you on my body you click on it and you
find out it's a body suit yeah me too
this little bitch I bought this in
Victoria's Secret and it was about sixty
pounds to them realize oh it's snapper
ball and then I went online search up
description and you know what it's a
body suit I couldn't wear it in the
water I was on the other side of the
world and I had nothing to wear into the
water so I had to go and buy a complete
of a new one which had a hole in it I
truly have gone insane so I'm gonna put
the body suit to a test okay when you
pass here it's like you're nice eat red
purple and here just turned brown but it
does
Seifer which i haven't imagined low
points would go see for a few cents
Karaboudjan videos on education okay so
the tape is not all to proof so that to
fail it looks cute and it definitely
looks like you could get away with using
it as like a swimming costume however it
does not feel nice it just feels like
I'm wearing wet clothes
you know what I'm gonna stop being a
pussy and I'm gonna go outside if you
thought the last one was bad I'm going
out like this
this is in no way shape or form socially
acceptable
rest in peace my dignity
goodbye you looked really disgusted in
me later
I'm going back come back come back oh my
god oh my god
hi nice to meet you too but just go back
from Starbucks I just got a vanilla
Frappuccino I even bought my reusable
cup with me that looks kind of gross and
a black tinted cup I don't like that
anyway oh my god people are so rude okay
so I'm just minding my own business in
Starbucks but my vanilla Frappuccino and
I realized just now when I got back that
my camera was still filming as you heard
me just go oh my god oh my god oh my god
I don't know if they can repeat it or
whatever but there was this like
middle-aged woman she looks about 42 and
she had a kid with her and don't get me
wrong I covered it up you can't actually
see anything inappropriate bear in mind
it's really warm out people aren't
wearing a lot of clothes in summer and
also I didn't take this into
consideration but I'm not in London so
people aren't as accepting if things are
different
so anyway I'm in Starbucks I'm standing
that in the line
this like middle-aged woman with her
kids she looks at me and she looks at
her child cause her child away I'm just
standing there not saying anything i'm
too socially awkward even say anything
and she looks at me and she looks either
karen goes isn't she cold
that's disgusting like I know she meant
to say it quiet Lisa but I wouldn't hear
but I heard and now it makes me wonder
like when I'm out with my mother in
public and she starts sitting through
two things about people I'm sure some of
you can relate and I'm like you're being
so loud stop stop please stop I'm sorry
for your child but you know what I'm
never gonna go outside dressed like this
again because it made me feel a bit
weird but if someone else did want to go
outside dressed like this why should
they be made to feel uncomfortable you
couldn't actually see anything
inappropriate I wasn't about to take
your child alert or anything I don't
want to do that those are my no-go zones
F for me only it's really sad like what
is that was a genuine like person who
wanted to wear something like this or
you was going out to somewhere fancy and
you're really feeling yourself and it's
all woman calls you disgusting to her
child I think like this how it be now
people be wearing neat things now people
need to stop being more like dogs dogs
don't care he doesn't care what I'm
wearing he just wants love I'm really
shook by that whole interaction and I
don't really know how to feel about I
didn't say anything this was just a
light-hearted challenge I really didn't
think it was gonna turn like this they
feel really weird
now so guys so for the last few days
I have been wearing lingerie in public
and it's been very interesting Morgan as
the male who I share a lot for how do
you feel about it Liz you're not any
more attracted to me I mean maybe a
little bit less I wouldn't recommend
doing this because you might get shouted
at by old people who feel disgusting and
cold have you feel about that all people
are bad but you know what do what you
want
live life your own way and if you want
to look like this you're going to look
like an idiot I'm not gonna judge you
okay hope having a great day don't
forget to subscribe and to click the
link
to visit my 21 Spartans profile to find
out where I buy all of my future outfits
yeah they're not gonna subscribe oh okay
bye
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or Die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
