hi what's up oh it's hanging what's good
Chi I want a bathroom floor I've done a
lot of stuff and this is one of the
stuffs I've done I'm tired I don't
really know how to say this because
we're at one point 1 million subscribers
right now but we just hit a million
subscribers I haven't uploaded since I
hear mail and we're already at one point
one in four days sorry what we were the
third fastest growing channel in the
whole entire world I'm still right at
the top of the UK I can't thank you
enough for watching my weird videos I
don't really get what I'm doing which is
making you like me but I glad I'm glad
you like it I'm trying my best none of
that made any sense but I'm trying to
say thank you thank you so much I don't
have many words for that so I'm just
probably gonna stop talking I wear like
that like 50 subscribers off a million
currently a McDonald's drive-thru I have
my coke this is a bit weird isn't that
let me see let me see
it's good Oh oh my god you becoming a
big guy I'm gonna take boy now you're
big boy yeah you got tell me what's do
anymore
oh there's all the dolls 15 oh my god
gets the KFC drive-through for the last
15 come on come on bitches
I feel I feel really weird goodbye in a
subscriber for Geneseo Jesus Christ
sighs so strange
everyone cares about me
oh good mood giving directions to get
through the drive or a hundred possibly
which is oh my gosh
yeah oh don't I know that I feel like
this deserves a bit of a festive
reaction we'll try to get you to the
drive-through in song skate you can't
seriously get celebratory can't see but
this video is in commemoration
congratulations to myself I'm currently
in a hotel room with my male friend
mauck's who I kiss occasionally and
stuff he has a lot more subscribers than
me the gap is actually like getting
closer than it once was but at one
period of time it was a very wide gap
the gold digger comments were an
all-time high - I fought congratulate
hitting a million subscribers why don't
I do a prank on him where I tell him
that I'm just too famous for him anymore
now I've hit a male I don't need him and
I'm gonna go do my own thing by myself
and be all famous and stuff by myself
because make him faint I was actually
being serious this could go bad it will
go bad I'm really sorry Morgan for her
single feelings all of the time but if I
didn't hurt your feelings all of the
time in the name of entertainment I
wouldn't be sitting here thanking
everyone for a million subscribers keep
subscribing to me it makes me feel so
warm and fuzzy on the inside it actually
makes me feel I'm like I can't do
something but currently we just got back
from a party at Morgan's in his mom's
room yeah I guess you still need to say
good night to his mum before you went to
bed but he's gonna be literally back any
second and I'm gonna set to see you set
the camera up hidden camera mode and
tell him I'm breaking up with him
because I'm too famous to him now he'll
probably believe it as well because I'm
an unpredictable being let's go okay
okay so more interesting to me that he's
gonna be here like really soon I don't
know why I'm whispering that dog's brain
pick
I think wedged the camera in like a sofa
so yeah but I'm gonna be like really off
of him when he comes in I'm I'm a meanie
bad Emile's later
just call me give me a second
Hey are you being like that again
hey at least now you know he's not just
annoying in his videos other than the
hairs matter let's try again given that
I'd like to kiss you and use and be cute
it out I'll just want to kiss you you
said what was that for whoa can you just
come sit down please
okay great sit down just hit home Jesus
Christ
Wow okay you have no idea how lucky I am
that he's decided to sit right there
because I only had two cameras how is
everything you have to get there man
please take my shoes off yeah I'm gonna
have to ask permission to take my shoes
off in my hotel okay can you just let me
speak to you
yeah yeah I can't no yeah congrat to
turn our Gillette Essure bones and I
feel like dinosaurs we got to
celebrations I need to like yeah like
nothing like you know bring it oh my
ears have a serious conversation okay
okay let's do this
what I said I was just using you for
subscribers excuse me when I first night
I knew I was just using you for
subscribers that was it I didn't even
like you that much I've kind of fallen
off you like we've been like meeting and
stuff but like and like I've been
hanging out at your house and we've been
like chilling but like I've made my own
right now I just need to grow my own
direction and I don't think like I just
go by my way you can do that tell you
like to get to end the relation do it
suscribe oh we just enjoying all the
subs you guys put it yeah I'm gonna lie
to you you know I would straight up
person so basically what we're saying
here is that everything everybody says
by any conversation is true just don't
dig up now I have my own money so I
don't need it
yeah but that just makes you even a
service person I could just keep until
now you'll love it yeah yeah yeah yeah
well there's really gonna go see my real
my basement again
get up I don't have to be hostile okay
so don't have to be angry though I'm not
using you anymore yeah you taking
everything you just get oh no you know
it's fun to go straight go hey we just
hook me up
why keep talking part on destiny it
stopped about my jeans you gotta go
you set me out we've kept myself
anyways Morgan don't push me
Jesus Christ oh that should my staff say
on this wall he's kicked me out of the
room and everybody had tears me I I
can't do this I can't
I'm gonna do this I'm sorry I'm sorry
he's all of my stuff's in LA anything
for all of that you can hate on the
other side of the door just opening a
bra but you boy you crying for your
crying why are you crying because I'm
filming this really why you feel my
breakup for my channel
how's it good bye baby okay well I'll
keep the camera down below Oh
whoo so I can't do this anymore Morgan
it was a prank
I love you force inside
kind of worried I didn't know if you so
tell me you're not firm no you did thank
you guys for watching I appreciate it
very much thank you so much on well 1.1
million subscribers now you're not only
been four days since I hear Melbourne I
appreciate you so much I feel so warm
and fuzzy on the inside Morgan on the
other hand I'm probably gonna go need to
give them a hug but thank you I
appreciate your I I camera off okay
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
he said
