wait what is horribly it is
11:48 air may be wandering here oh
you're awake 4:45 p.m. what's happening
to you and I mean you can't wake up if
you didn't go to sleep I've already
drank a nice coffee today and pooped it
straight back out not feeling my best so
why not
test out a bunch of different things
they're gonna make me feel all sorts of
way completely mutilate my body
basically just get temporary plastic
surgery while I'm feeling at my lowest
point I'm gonna start hallucinating
because of the lack of sleep anyway I'm
gonna stop talking I guess you just want
to see me wrap yourself on my bar so
let's get into it I know I literally
just said let's get into it and we're
really gonna get into it in a second but
this is important to me okay at the time
of editing we are the third fastest
growing channel in the whole entire
world and that is literally insane to me
the spot where I'm filming right now is
literally the spot where I feel my first
ever YouTube video two years ago my
boyfriend says if I hit a million subs
he'll get me a puppy also who just made
me feel really corny inside she said I
thought the most attractive person in
the world I could be a lot more
attractive when I say a lot I mean good
boy I know everything needs fixing today
we're gonna change that because I am
bringing to you weird
hacks that don't worry about growing
lips and just basically turn you into
Kylie Jenner but on steroids I did go to
include some wild stuff like literally a
milk bath challenge magic growing cream
I've never been less excited for
something honestly I'm beautiful in my
way cause God makes no mistakes he
lapsed he made a big mistake for the
song what are you doing pal
the first crazy product I'm gonna be
trying because I need to put this on at
the beginning of the day throughout
intervals and see if it changes the way
I love its stuff good bonbon cream I
read some reviews on her and I've heard
it has like some magical lifting stuff
and it literally if you have like a 50
year old looking fat buttocks like me it
just tightens it
just like meets it in all the right
places let's start rubbing things on my
fat on camera in front of a giant window
okay let's go and it's on depends if I
feel like getting money today I'm just
gonna put a little bit more you know not
much I'm perfectly secure within myself
I love myself I don't need validation
from other people thinking I'm have a
nice body this is the weirdest thing
I've ever done and I feel some weird
stuff and I guess see if it looks at me
different by the end I hope it's grown
apparently it's makes you look very very
good nothing like I could ever achieve
myself organically okay well I'm back so
I'm gonna take you on a day out with me
which I don't do very often this is
gonna be very interesting I'm literally
gonna meet other people and I'm gonna
show them my butt I'm my breasticles and
I do be like yo I ain't growing another
thing that us females like to you know
grow what she said is our lips minor you
know the average I guess they're okay
they're lips they're on my face thank
you their job that's what she said there
is this danger lip balm that makes your
lips literally feel like you're
splitting your lips open with paper and
then like squeezing lemon juice into it
but it makes you look pretty so give it
to me daddy only actually loved her in
my neck sauna it might take a while to
work I think it does i'ma check vacuum
review very soon i'ma keep this with me
imma keep applying it even if my lips
burn so much that they fall off beauty
is pain and I'm doing this you guys
don't have to okay let's go outside I'm
terrified three thousand meals later
wait I'm gonna put pumpkin for me in the
middle of the child yeah it's is
lighting good and then I'm gonna climb a
tree I'm gonna ask you guys to race my
pie so I'm here I'm currently in a field
in London very nice it's very big and my
eyes are swelling up so that's good I
also have a rash but that's besides the
point
because today in the middle of the field
with plenty of people around you know
sunbathing and taking care of their kids
I'm gonna get my butt out I have some
people here
has she looked like that that's marks
his ex-girlfriend I have my bum bum
cream in my hand I'm about to move my
butt to the world and rub it on my butt
and then I'm gonna climb a tree in a
skirt and I'm gonna get all of these
guys to rape my confirm never going
outside it's so nice that I'm going to
attempt to find this tree I was kind of
shaving my bottom I don't care you got
this
I mean me too
I mean done physical exercise since
school which I dropped that was like I'm
getting so much done everything I'm
raising my own reaction I genuinely like
that on oh yeah I think it's growing
about good inch since the cream time to
support me out
when you're 25 no I'll give you a firm a
9.5
fully grown just has a reasonable edge
yeah
give it another two hours the final
verdict is the buck cream doesn't work
but you know that's so funny because I
really was expecting it to you but you
know what I'm gonna do one final check
in later
tonight before I go to bed I'm going to
show you I'm gonna pop my booty in that
mirror in the bathroom you know put my
leg up on the bar this is why don't make
any money one eternity later it's been
about three hours it is approaching 7:00
p.m. and I've seen no group my office
exactly the same as I did earlier
I'm not gonna have to give it a big fat
no magic bomb cream doesn't magically
transform your bomb who would have
guessed ow
boom hi I am back I'm not at my house
I'm just inside look it's a person sorry
oh look at me being social two times in
a row fun fact I only set for an hour
last night so I feel like I'm on
hallucinate 'iv di UGS we don't say that
word on this channel anymore because we
want to make money no the results of the
experiment either have to get changed
into a bikini and I'm gonna ask Elliot
on the scale of one to ten if she thinks
my buttocks looks firmer more lifted
more had implants or injections and I
didn't definitely did not squat to
achieve this one thing I kind of failed
to keep you updated on lip plumping
extreme kind of gel is literally called
extreme plumper and it made me feel like
I was eating just spiky things and all
today I just couldn't eat anything cuz
it would make my mouth burn so I just
ate some KFC inhaled some KFC I think
you're looking good huh what you said
and I'm gonna put it back on and I
already got a hard to see if she thinks
this makes me look any better
yeah be really out of here you know how
you're a bit naked right now yeah so I
need you to take some foam cream I need
you to rub it into your mouth how much
family lunker lifted your illnesses not
in the whole camera so I can stand up a
school hi the next step in our
experiments
prettier is milk now I'm pretty sure I
have milk allergy and it stops me from
breathing that good so you know what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna barf in it now I
forgot what the magical things were that
milk those to you so I'm gonna put it on
the screen right now because I sure do
you know it makes you feel so much
better on the inside
you needed a mixture of ingredients like
scientific baking powder no good thing I
went and bought a milk bath ball so all
of that stuff
it's just rolled into one it doesn't
know you're dropping it off yeah you're
just mustering up the energy to release
my fingers what do you think of my lips
things up think I'll be shining up if
the shine is just giving them like a 3d
effect which makes them you like think
that bigger little mind tricks a
conspiracy it feel like the same if I
wash it off while it nothing's happened
another thing you shouldn't spend you're
learning right so recently you put the
bomb Bob cream on your bong bong gar
okay how are you bomba feeling just
touch it you lying to me the exact same
I can agree that now my rear I've just
those kind of grease easier than it did
this morning not seeing any room results
as of yet but the next crazy thing we're
gonna do
it's buffing and notes a good thing I
have multiple uses of no hi to each
other number two focal number three
wait yeah yeah actually feels like I
don't like it really I haven't shot you
but you can't feel that right deep sigh
why do you residue on you I didn't sell
that very well I want to stay in this
fast
this is my favorite bar here and this is
like everyone's cotton taster
no no I'm lactating the next day
you might wake up guys
rise and shine is currently next morning
all the Bloods I'm not feeling too great
my lips sting so much I feel like that
lip plumper thing it main maybe probably
just for one time news like maybe once a
week because they're like hot and like I
think I might know somehow and I
literally have like a split nose yeah my
butt I mean this booty thick nothing's
gonna change that
awesome asthma and as you can see
barfing your milk definitely triggered
my asthma but Ellie what can you say
about your hair I just had a shower are
you gonna bust them up often no why why
would I try all the way it makes you
thought guys make sure you subscribe we
are so close to 1 million subscribers I
might poop myself literally like just
passing 500k and now when we gain 110
day and when I hit a nail my boyfriend
said I can have a puppy look at this
puppy the game strand I don't reject him
of a home and don't do any of these
things goodbye subscribe to Kiera
Bridget
or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
