that is that poop that's the you stumble
I need a break I'm sorry unconsciousness
hi what's up was hanging or skew cheek
guys I've done a lot of very
questionable and very very very very
very understand stupid things for
entertainment for you guys but this is
really going to take the cake because I
could die I ordered a mystery box from
the talk web and I am about to open it
on camera that sounds fun now there's a
couple of reasons why I didn't film me
actually purchasing this mystery box and
I'm going to get into that really
quickly before I open it doc glove is
basically just a corner of the internet
that is completely untraceable
you can post something there and who
won't be able to trace the IP back to
you it completely like locks all of that
technological tracing GPS the government
you see everything you're doing the FBI
guys working for the camera type stuff
it's one of the only few places left in
the world where you can be completely
anonymous you can purchase some really
freaky things on there like people claim
they can make literal like love
illusions or like potions that can make
you famous and I mean you know what Hebe
that's not bad I don't know okay don't
give in to temptation should tell them
to subscribe very nicely please
subscribe so I don't have to go onto the
internet and buy poisonous potions to
make myself famous you guys can just do
it for me thank you yeah some really
gross disgusting stubby stuff goes on in
the dark web but I don't even want to
talk about because I don't want to be
demonetized he's annoying probably I
need you ma it's me I didn't film myself
purchasing this box because I'm scared
I'm a pussy hi welcome I'm Kara I'm
terrified of everything no seriously
nearly every video I've watched where
people have opened something called
bought something off the dark web they
haven't like revealed where they bought
it from cuz some creepy people out and
the whole point of a dark web is
supposed to be untraceable and if you
show something there may be some creepy
person you can
hitmen on there people that kill people
for money doesn't want you to see and
you know look all I'm saying is I don't
want to die I'm too pretty to die I
bought this for a hundred and twenty
eight pounds I think I'm not convinced
I'm gonna get my value for money firstly
because it's in a recycled Amazon box I
mean at least this person pays for
Amazon Prime as you can see so you know
there's a rolling in it a little bit
combinate they make videos like this you
get the monetize it is tied up
not even like with good page like the
tape is literally like coming off which
makes me wonder like there can't be
anything too incriminating in here
because your dress label isn't even like
it's just a piece of paper that ripped
up inside a table very often not feeling
like I'm gonna get my value for money if
they couldn't even buy like a box but
you know I really shouldn't be insulting
people who spend their time trading on
the dock web so I'm gonna open it
firstly a surgical mask because I don't
want to breathe in anthrax and dye my
lip plumpers sticking to it and pink
gloves and this is just precautionary
just in case someone stood some kind of
powder in her and wants me to die as
impressions like don't think it's gonna
kill me
not that I would know I can't smell
anything
it's just some brown paper oh wow oh my
god
Oh My Jesus sorry Jesus on the subject
of Jesus first thing a Bible um this is
kind of spooky because I literally have
this Bible this very one I go giving it
in what year nine at school just kind of
weird like oh my god isn't okay if I was
gonna die I would have died by now if
you didn't know I was raised very very
very religious and stuff like this
it spooked me out to the maximum you'll
need this
why will I need this jesus please be
with me okay
No
I didn't I'm almost 7,000 percent
certain that is not blood it's gone
kool-aid neon yellow from where it's
been sitting around I guess and the inks
kind of like round this is why I have
gloves on but I'm pretty sure that's
just in which makes me think that this
could be like a troll box it took me a
really long time to work out where to
buy these on the dark web and it was
like she just called dark web mystery
box next oh my god a concealed box of
cigarettes and the lighter and on it it
says smoking causes heart attacks for
picture or the dead guy a dead fighter
sent me a picture with dead by or in a
box no way this is so creepy like I
don't smoke but I mean thanks I
cigarettes are expensive maybe I could
take up smoking you know let's just make
my chronic asthma even worse
that sounds like fun there's a lighter
work maybe I'm just wheat this is a
pokemon its a pokemon card it's a bent
spoon pokemon card i it's ripped
it looks like goodbye Esmond taken
albert i'm so yes i'll add it's my
pokemon card collection that I don't
have I was never a Pokemon kid I missed
out on a Pokemon go away because I am
mutilated my leg and a terrible ski
accident and put Pokemon glow while on
crutches it's just no okay well I here
I'm gonna throw up
so we have a razor and you tell me what
you think that is but but to me it looks
like that's literally like dry blood um
why am i touching this I have the most
German xiety in the world okay next item
please subscribe
I'm flying for this Oh concealed like
never open and packets of dog treats
flavored with chicken beef and lamb but
no seriously Sherlock the dog will not
be eating these because I like what this
releases the dog treats
what if the dog treats have been laced
with like xanax or something who my dog
dies I don't know what that makes is I
just know people go and they take it why
did I laugh at the end of that it's not
funny this is how I cope with anxiety
one time the girl told me that half as
her family died in a train accident and
I laughed not because if it was funny
because I was nervous I didn't know know
that there's still quite a bit oh my god
what is this I don't want to say why
thinks in this little baggie very
interesting next up we have a corkscrew
I'm sure this is what old people use for
wine and not to be gross or anything but
it's literally covered in hair which
makes me think maybe and someone used it
to drill through someone's skull what
why am i touching it still put it down
I'm gonna throw up here we have four
tampons
these are little legs these are the best
tampons ever maybe I'll keep them I'm
kidding I don't want to get septicemia
and die just stick him in the bottom of
my bag just in case you know one day you
can be caught of course you never know
maybe I'll have to use my doc Webb
mystery boxes to plug my lady hole
anyway I don't believe I've just seen
under the brown paper I think I might be
sick I don't even want to touch it
what do I do I've got gloves on so
that's gotta be fake right okay but
that's the news tumblr
I need a break I'm sorry I can't do this
I don't ever get links honorable with
you because you know I'm letting care i
crack jokes and stuff but I'm feeling
vulnerable right now I'm feeling nervous
I'm feeling scared from what I can see
there is no more used tampons in here I
still haven't got to the second layer
underneath the brown paper but there's a
couple of things left okay so we have a
phone it's a Nokia I think Microsoft
that's not here right and Nokia Lumia or
am I just it looks like a tracfone what
could I say maybe I'll use it to try and
sell the substance I got in the little
baggie when this video gets the monetize
and I have my money I didn't choose to
not saying out loud next we have some
paracetamol with right a fingerprint on
the back which is red and now each it
looks open mission no don't do that
it's photos hot with bubbles this is
like gang really what is and then we
have a POC sequest I don't know if you
know what these are but they are the the
worst things that ever exist I have a
very sensitive tongue I can't take sour
can it was like weird moist stain at the
bottom for this bond paper and I don't
like it you have a $1.99 Burger King
voucher could six chicken nuggets and a
regular drink I didn't know you could
get chicken nuggets a Burger King can I
use this to see where it's from
like what store you can use in okay
valid until the 30th of November 2017
now under the paper okay the final thing
in the box um I don't want to say what I
think it is but what does this look like
to you that is that poop it doesn't
smell of poop
I don't know why I'm touching yeah I
mean it's in a bag and I cook of Zomba
you guys okay I'm gonna take
petrova and insert all right one you
guys to tell me whether you think that's
like chocolate it kind of looks like
chocolate cornflakes but it also looks
like poop but it doesn't smell like poop
and it smells kind of sugary but I feel
like I'm trying to tell myself that so
that I don't freak out but I touched
poop I don't know what to do I have a
couple of things everyone how you speak
about I'm setting this on fire be right
back I don't like showing vulnerability
especially on camera but I needed my
inhaler for that that made me so nervous
I've never like panicked more in my life
please don't do this
I was really lucky of course I lost a
lot of money and no and how does this
video game monetize like I feel like it
is my I'm almost an adult in like four
months so I feel like I should do that I
don't thing and to tell you guys like
don't do that I'm an idiot like I
dropped out of school at like 17 so you
know I'm not smart and and that was one
of the dumbest things I've ever done
now some really creepy deranged people
out there that just like want people to
die I just want to kill people also
don't do that imagine if you opened it
up and inhaled bunch of anthrax or
something that's that's you've gone
forever and everyone will be really sad
if you receive one of these boxes with
like razors in and light bleach like
that could be stupid like triggering for
people that like have issues with that
like this was really difficult for me to
do if I feel kind of weird for like a
Bible away but I don't know what live
corner I don't know seven cents and web
spy camera to watch me when I'm praying
to Jesus good thing I already have my
home let me know what you think let me
know whether you think I should try to
see cowboy why would you do that I am
really freaked out I hope I didn't touch
a poop and I'll let you know if I start
feeling symptoms of idk maybe Steph just
normal stuff I hope you had a very good
time watching this please subscribe to
my channel because I almost died for you
guys my overreacting probably I'm just a
pussy all night okay see you another
time peace out I never do that bye
subscribe to Kiera Bridget or die it's
that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you be Zack
