okay so my stuff is packed my bags are
packed I'm gonna go and get Morgan to
say goodbye I'm really nervous I hope I
forgot anything because that's not gonna
be good and that is my train ticket
goodbye yeah yeah I'm ready to leave why
are you filming me now that is I'm
vlogging because I'm getting the night
train for the first time ever yeah if I
get kidnapped these are gonna be my last
words hold on oh sure like and subscribe
guys exactly get me too many and such
before Jo Oh
yeah I miss my train okay what we doing
with that then no yeah let's just okay
so since leaving the house honestly I
don't know how long it hasn't noticed
this yet but I kind of may be all out of
the house without any shoes I don't tend
to wear shoes a lot sometimes I do
actually go outside of no shoes on so
maybe he just thought she's gonna get on
the dirty filthy public train sheila's I
just stepped on something yes yeah
needling on the ground burn hmm okay
it's probably just kind of not very
observing yeah yeah so we're gonna go on
a little Drive to McDonald's which yeah
maybe about yeah good walk we could but
we have to take the car so the car
disappears for a little while see if
it's I'm going to the train station I
don't know how I'm gonna get back in the
house but I think we'll cross that
bridge when we come to it
cross that door door but not the front
door because let's get you in some oh oh
yeah maybe the window oh you're way
outside and I'll look for him I'll
distract him and if he's upstairs I can
give you the signal to come in cool but
how are we gonna get this we have to
hide the suitcase as well okay we have a
lot of boxes of course surveys that we
haven't thought about our I'll be right
back or not to be honest this could be
wrong and you'll never see this footage
because he finds out okay good bye later
okay so we've got Morgan some drinks
from McDonald's
and we're nearing the house now we're on
our way we're driving and so Jill it's
going to bring the drinks up to Morgan
and hopefully distract him with them and
while he's distracted you know putting
them away in the fridge and store
hopefully she's gonna be able to sneak
around the back open the game and then
let me improving and then let me in
through the back of the house I'm really
not sure how that's gonna work it's kind
of dark so I'm kind of scared because I
have this irrational fear of thinking
gosh maybe hide in the car just in case
he like looks out the window
the feds at the fun so I just below the
via yeah okay okay look you can't just
popping down the back oh oh you are
actually going down he's a gamer crash
because I'm in crime getting my whole
body squashed position oh my god and his
bedroom lights because you might so
wrong oh that was that means is it the
back which is good I don't know how I'm
gonna get up I'm feeling kind of choppy
up I don't feel like I fit down here
dogs no me go down I'm gonna wait around
the side of the house in the dark little
alleyway corner of their crime kidnap
murder chop me into a hundred pieces and
mail it to my family members position
not looking forward to this I think work
sorta could walk we're in the bin mmm so
Joe's just gone in she's in the kid I
don't know what she is I know my own I'm
pretty scared I'm gonna go around the
back
she was really great and she threw me
out with some shooters very sneakily
however moving was like in that room
slash kind of walking around the house
but I think he's go upstairs now but
you'll definitely hear the front door
that the back door and the gate
for me sneak around I get why am I doing
this
okay my eyes so itchy is insane I have
its worst hay fever in the world great
okay so we have a couple of problems I
can hit this is one of those I need to
go through well it's so bad I'm gonna
pee myself secondly I need to get my
heavy the tablets because I'm having a
little bit of an allergy
I'm having a bit of an allergy attack
and I need to clean my face I also
realized I left my makeup bag in my room
okay so my stuff is part so once this is
off I can't even fix it oh this is
getting even worse so I need to sneak to
the bathroom I need to pee I need to
clean my face and then I fought it since
it's nighttime kind of spooky let's play
some games with him Frick with his brain
and just be a spooky ghost
I don't know times he get murderous
okay so I just paid 1000 Boop I hadn't
come back upstairs yet which is good and
I also need to make sure that I might
not leaving a trace operator in Haiti or
tablet comments if I kind of got snow on
my table I might have to give you a shot
soon
guys I don't know why I decided that
this was gonna be like a Funko
experiment
I think what's wrong with me I'm a prank
Channel know who benefits of on doing
this because if he catches me he's
probably not gonna realize it's me cuz
he thinks I'm at home there's gonna
punch me in the face like I don't think
he noticed me there because he's just
not expecting someone to be standing
behind all so I was like pretty hidden
because of Carson's like really big in
that room and he didn't really like make
direct eye contact with the cards and he
just kind of like shot them but he came
in oh my god he went in his wardrobe and
like looked in the like the middle
compartment where like his xbox stuff is
and then like he went into the cupboard
way he keeps like electronic stuff and
I'm pretty sure he went and got like a
wire or like a controller or something
like maybe like a game capture for like
recording videos and then left but I had
no idea he was in toilet like I didn't
that didn't even cross my mind for some
reason I'm gonna get punched in the face
so we have completed many tasks we have
done practical things such as peed
cooped cleaned my face got my tablet Jo
very kindly put a drink in here for me
later
despite all the spiders this Python it's
a spider inside we go he's so stupid
I could be an actual genuine murderer
right now and he would just let me show
you what I mean so where I was standing
was behind that blind the lights have
just come on because I set the moss as I
walked back for once that off honestly
is pitch black out there you can usually
just nervous asleep that you can't see a
thing and I'm wearing pretty dark
drivers
so once that light was off like it was
when I was hot that like oh okay guys I
made it back in here I I look rough I'm
traumatized my eyes are so swollen I
don't know if you can hear his like TD
pain over weight under but I don't know
he hasn't see Mia now before I tell you
why I took those pictures I am so you
need to change I don't know whether I
should go into Morgan's room and try and
take some of his clothes because all of
mine are in the suitcase that's Tess
there's no way I'll be up to get into
that without making sound it's so heavy
oh hey want me to prove this pile this
isn't mind
operation back to Morgan's bedroom I
guess it is I probably gonna look for
like a tisha where I resides like yeah
I'm gonna go him bad boys t-shirts yes
I'm just super trendy like that
I can't see Mia I got this just my
teacher he is like 30 degrees I'm
sweating in all of my crevices I'm
sweating in crevices I didn't even know
I had I'm gonna push on and then tell
you guys why lay down okay guys I'm
ready to tell you why I took those
pictures but firstly Morgan just went
downstairs and they check Twitter and a
WWE wrestling matches on which I'm kind
of sad about because we usually watch it
together oh but it's only another half
an hour to an hour maybe I guess um
which means I have like half now roaming
free upstairs because he wanted to watch
on the TV so I am in a hope so I'm
getting so hot I think I might die like
die of death I feel like I just I just
feel like your eyes potato like not even
a good way like oily and like ah anyway
so he's downstairs I can him downstairs
and I'm gonna go in his office room
because he got this really fancy
expensive rich people paying fan and I'm
so hot I might die it's like 30 degrees
which is crazy because it's nighttime
and probably exaggerating show you my
master plan
okay so guys the reason I took those
photos is because I want to play a game
of him I want to mess him up really
badly he doesn't mean things to me Tom
taught a lot of the times revenge
question mark
I took them pictures and I just made a
second account on Twitter and I called
it walks watch and I took those pictures
that I posted one of burner I'm one with
Morgan in the fridge I posted it and I
said Bruner caught me
why couldn't you almost Hudson I don't
think you've seen it yet and I need him
to see it soon before wwe's over so I'm
gonna go any account and I'm gonna tap
out here a Bridgette and then what the
 have you seen this
he's typing he's hoping he say no way
what is that oh my god oh my god Jesus
he I think he's freaking out yeah no
he's freaking out what the if it's
gonna get interesting this is gonna be
interesting
I'm pretty sure I just heard the TV go
downstairs I should probably go back
into my uber oh no he's coming up he's
coming up I swear he's coming up says oh
we already just went into Joe's room oh
my god we will show you
oh my god what if I extra freak him out
Wow Morse's house is so much smaller
from inside my spaces what's something
really specific about the house why do
they just have a mattress instead of a
dead firstly I think it's silly not
talking to Jill she's in on this I told
her about this whole plan I said if
anything crazy happens there's me pretty
responsible parenting but she's a fun
mom she's a cool they accidentally
tweeted it to him on the same account so
it has add another tweet at the bottom I
hope he doesn't notice that that could
give away everything I just went to the
door and he texts me and he said I'm
searching the house now I told mom and
she's looking to I think they just got
in a garden somehow oh my god
three thousand years later
oh my god so I stayed in the wardrobe
literally like another 10 minutes Artie
left that was so genuinely because he
genuinely thought oh someone could be in
the house if he'd see me thing I
genuinely probably woulda like decked me
so hard in the face like I'm risking my
beauty all of the beauty I have like I'm
shaking I need my inhaler I'm sweating
to crevices I didn't even know I had
I don't 10 minutes have gone by I can
hear the TV going and WWE is back on in
his bedroom
Jill's told him and managed to convince
him that it's just a fan and he texts me
and he's like Joe said that like it's
just a fan that like knows the address
managed to get into the garden and well
he doesn't really get like scared of
stuff very easily so I think he thought
yeah it's a plausible explanation like
all the doors are locked in the house
there's so much like this house is so
like secure and like security he's not
freaked out or I think he just thinks
it's someone else like freaking around
and we've got it I'm tired before 6:00
a.m. probably because I'm so nervous and
probably because I took Cape even
medicine which kind of sends me to sleep
and this is probably gonna be the
hardest part of the whole thing apart
from the fact we literally open the
Wardrobe door that I was in I don't know
how he didn't see me but he genuinely
stood down stared and I properly buried
myself like I sat on the ledge and I
just buried myself like in clothes and
stuff but you couldn't see a single inch
of my body so yeah I'm just saying down
here in case anyone was come in I can
just like sleeping is gonna be difficult
so I'm gonna be so vulnerable I'm just
gonna be like I'm gonna be asleep like
he could discover me while I'm sleeping
I don't really want to go to sleep
before him but I don't know when he's
gonna go to sleep I don't know when the
WWE is over it might be over it should
be over by now I just lost all senses
like time and direction and space
I'm just if I was thinking more and more
into my own death but um
I'm gonna have to find a place to sleep
it will probably just be in this bedroom
to be honest in the bed he doesn't I
just want to go to sleep maybe I should
just go back to story times and sit down
and talk because I'm not good at this
one I'm her youtuber anyway peace out
goodnight the next day it's the next day
I don't know how I managed to do this I
don't know how we don't notice Jo very
kindly came in and put me atop than some
shorts in here for me to wear because
she realized I was kind of naked and not
really wearing any clothes last night
and um there boy on the stairs right now
having a conversation because they're
about to leave and the thing is I'm not
actually going home there will be a good
opportunity for me to reach always often
Morgan I hope he's not angry
I think I don't think everyone as long
as everything yeah I think we'll be able
to get there what were you doing behind
me wha
no you go home
hey just meet in the house oh hi no
that's ridiculous
hi you real hey wait wait wait wait okay
when did you come back I'm confused
um I kind of didn't leave what what I
kind of I kind of um I kind of so you
were the one in the house last night
Hey like 4:00 in the morning
I was pacing around answer I know and
you know when you came in I'm sure this
was awesome you know when you came in
open the Wardrobe no I was in it no oh
my god just so crazy what's wrong with
you and I don't know if you notice but I
also left my train tickets on the table
all of my room upstairs and my makeup
bag and I even left my dressing gown on
the floor not your office wrong with you
yeah I miss you so much
well you you better not boys boys
oh okay well what do I have to go home I
don't know I'm saying it you're gonna
you're gonna be my bitch for the next
few days you're gonna do all my jobs to
me go clean up
oh we know she'll seem down
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
