never ever ever kiss someone that the
other person doesn't know about what's
up was hanging what's guilty etc etc
it's you didn't know already my name is
Kiera and I am an evil genius I give
myself a lot more credit than I deserve
all my life I have been pretty sure I
have some sociopathic tendencies but
this is taking it just a tad bit further
than I've ever taken it ever which is
saying cuz I've done some pretty
questionable stuff hi I'm editing right
now which is why I kind of look like
this I'll be beautiful all the time I
decided I'm gonna take a quick at my
associate Pap test to maybe figure out
whether I am as lazy and dark and
twisted as I think maybe everyone else
is just the crazy people
ooh illness quiz looks very legit
sociopath is an antisocial personality
disorder obviously I have it then oh
okay do you joke about yourself or like
it when people joke about you I love
attention do you fail to learn from
experience now force do you particularly
care about however self yeah oh my god I
care so much I'm such a caring person
you've just had someone's feelings how
does that make you feel guilty though I
may not be proud to admit it it's not my
fault it's normal for me to hurt others
I don't think I hurt people's feelings
that often but then again I might do I
might be how many people's feelings
right now just by looking at you with
this ugly face but I'm gonna go for it's
not my fault because I don't take the
blame or anything I feel like if I was
the murderous type I could kill someone
and I could find a way to blow on the
person that died you aggressive or
cool-headed bro I have this tendency to
overreact in most situations and make me
angry and I just scream at people I
can't not scream at people but I act
like really rationally and I need to
really work on just like calming down no
killing someone and just like breathing
sometimes because I feel like sometimes
I do forget how to breathe and I mean a
half assed nope they're generally an
anxious person I don't have any nails
left from anxiety biting them off I
responsive to other socially force do
you tell lies or say insincere things I
definitely say insincere things because
I'm not very only good
I love you kind of person but I feel
like I have to communicate in that way
with people who are like that I feel
like when I'm talking to other girls who
are fairly I make or just so cute I feel
like I need to like vocalize compliments
or vocalize my love for people I feel
like I just need to like show that with
my actions like show someone that I love
them just by like being in and paying
them attention not saying it but when I
say it it's just like it's so they know
but I don't particularly care to get why
me and I'm gonna go for true you're
superficially charming and intelligent
guys there I feel like the biggest
compliment I get ever is like you're
smart I think people think I'm kind of a
lot more calculating than I actually am
oh my god don't think I big-headed of
this I'd literally tell you guys how
much I hate myself full day but true you
have delusions or other signs of
irrational thinking just wig your
behavior is antisocial for no good
reason but then again I would just
purposely choose not to hang out with my
friends at school didn't me I didn't
like them it just meant like I'd rather
play Minecraft today true you have poor
judgment if I stop being friends of
someone and maybe a few weeks and I
think no other kind of person such
people that I like I'll just remove
myself you're pathologically egocentric
and incapable of love there needs to be
like a kind of option for this incapable
of love is so false because dogs you
generally lack the ability to react
emotionally I don't react emotionally
sex life isn't hot when you say you're
sorry you usually don't mean that no I
think I mean it when I say sorry do you
want no I said sorry to someone
yesterday and they didn't mean that you
often act before you think about the
contrary you're a sociopath you're 70
percent sociopath and they said not 100%
sociopath you could take a test and tell
me what you versus go back to the video
I'm sorry Morgan you can't not love me
because this is the way I am it was just
how I was born I can't help I'm a
sociopath I love you even though you
have webbed toes and that's really
creepy so again today we are going to be
playing with loved ones emotions for fun
and for no reason and that's literally a
way to sell yourself Keira so believe it
or not I have a boyfriend and his name
is warps
I taught it but today I want to film a
video with him and I said your best play
gamers never have I ever we've never
done that on my channel you've done it
on your channel with a different cover
I've never done it on my channel and he
was like yeah okay that we found I was
like yeah that'd be fun easy peace you
know how we can take mate that I kissed
someone else even though boys don't like
me you were probably kind of desperate
yeah yes and he's gone out to football
and while he's out you know I've been
setting up the video meaning I put
camera on the tripod
who says youtubers don't work hard I
just had the most revolutionary idea
ever
what if I turn this never have I ever
video into a prank on Morgan so instead
of answering honestly to the questions I
thought I would get like really
far-fetched really outrageous never have
I ever questions and be like I have
every single one of them even maybe ones
that ask if I've ever cheated on him
even when I'm gonna make myself out to
be the massive his slot in the whole
entire universe she's gonna be hard cuz
he's pretty well I'm kind of a fat
virgin I'm really not given the best
impression of myself today I mine I'm
gonna make how I've had a slice of all
of the lads maybe even these dogs his
brother doesn't have a brother but if he
did I would have tapped his brother real
hard
see if he freaks out I lacked empathy
and don't have any real human emotions
let's just get started I guess so I did
that I said hi hi what's up what's
hanging what's good you guys I'm here
with Mabel today it took three days to
film this because the first night you
decided to fall asleep instead of
filming and when I was a sleepy boy and
then the second night I guess we just
kind of didn't and then the third night
I was trying to sleepy because I think I
took a bit too much allergy medicine and
knocked me out but here we are
okay Morgan first one I'm really scared
we're gonna start learning more and more
about each other we don't ya know all
about if you know I have to tell you
about that Masika or the girlfriend I
someone's how are you are you joking no
I generally oh I have no time to joke we
don't have much memory on this memory
file okay story time about this and I
didn't put this pit in the story time I
didn't the police showed up because I
was underage drinking going on and
everything but I wasn't but they thought
I was they put me in the back of a
police car my mom had to pick me up from
the station 11 drinking okay never have
I ever peed myself in public the sad
thing is I'm not even lying here
sometimes when you have a we in the
toilet but then not all of it comes out
and then like you leave the toilet and
then little bit like dribbles out but
like you didn't know it happens or like
the guys are really mad people see this
happen well I mean sometimes what I do
is I thought we were you know I mean
I'll be like I be in a rush or something
and I'll put my boxers back on room foo
and I wasn't running a little bit at it
I'll just come out and then are we
staying on my boxers and then like I
know anybody that time for that so I
just leave it that nice about you well
you know how I have really bad hay fever
yeah my sneeze like a lot you do yes
sometimes bunny sneeze as a female if
you can just get like it a little bit if
I could spray little job on it like
because it's just all there and it's
just like Mikey Maya uncomfortable many
times I've been kind of just sitting
there like never have I ever
I lied to each other oh no I don't think
so you know my name's not Annie carrots
Karen so my family like kind of foreign
like from different parts of the world
you know what I mean so it's a very like
kind of it's a traditional Irish name oh
it's it's very hard to pronounce when I
was like 2 my parents were like you know
what was hanging off of this no my
parents like you know what we've had
enough of this we don't want her to have
be like explaining how to spell and say
her name
yeah so basically Karen's just like
short for it you're acting that caring
about Karen correctness yeah it's really
common Irish name mom mom do you know
anybody called terragamo tonight it's
like correct board that accent it sounds
like more like an actual name right
right I'm gonna get offended if we keep
going I feel about that
I sure what do you make fun of me why
don't we change Italian to correct miss
Bridget you're long right yes you know
that seriously generally I change my
name they did but oh my god oh my god oh
that's just offensive to me and my
heritage oh my god is a massive spider
up until this moment I was going pretty
easy on him I didn't want to hurt his
feelings too much more this is the thing
that pushed me over the edge
made all hell break loose and even made
Morgan cry
oh sorry
I want my oh my god it's a please
killerkeys
you didn't even kill it you scared it
will potentially military killed a
teacher speaking up but you whack you
never have I ever had a boyfriend or
girlfriend that wasn't each hover
children never sure I know you do I
already knew you did yeah no but not for
my cough boyfriend like I can't have
natural ones for like your mom's before
I met you oh you didn't know them I did
my I was rebounding you didn't I did
know you yeah no it was like a summer
thing but like while I was on school
like no like stupid love each other
you only told me this I'll show you a
picture of us here if you on what vessel
what do you mean
okay it was like serious we do call or
anything I tell the same I stole my
screw your video actually no I do want
to play yeah I do want to play where's
the paper never ever is someone that the
other person doesn't know about wild
phase wild phase sailing Foom you love
someone and the wild phase I didn't tell
me any of this you know I told you about
that I kind of like was dating like a
month before me the guy who just told me
about oh geez oh that's fine what are
you doing keeping your palms keep it in
your pants keep it in your pants keep it
in these this is why I'm like settle
down so ninety for you because I'm just
like so happy that I'm like finally calm
down so you finally calm down tell me
this so much sit down a horror story so
it was this guy that I passed
like you know the one hitch yeah hmm I'd
like swingers like a month but then he
was like way more into me than I was
into him
by so many like to never think he was
really hardly spoke everything but like
then this other guy came along who's go
to Akane okay cz
he was really nice to me and I'm just
like beating up statins I'm saying well
what I was going through bits like his
face and like I was really upset about
some stuff you know the half Moone so
you cheated on your boyfriend you
cheated on the boy from each other even
know with someone else I didn't even
know about what's actually wrong with
you tell me don't tell me
liar
yes what the hell are you doing what's
wrong with you Morgan I just still works
like my wild phase me and you weren't
really official yet and I really wanted
to like tell you and I've it's been like
really like and weighing me down I feel
so guilty about it and I really wanted
to tell you but like now I thought would
be a good opportunity because like the
camera would be on and you wouldn't like
overreact for the camera I guess I was
like wrong but it happened like a week
into us mother told me I knew verse guys
that you haven't told me about must
bullshit you're a liar your actual liar
get out don't my house don't know get
out my house
hey Morgan believe this never have I
ever
pranked Morgan so hard that he cried
right Oh what do you mean what do you
what that was a prank
you're not boys aren't like me you're
like the first day I could ever get to
let you look at me for more than one
second I thought it's good good timing
that you just fill my head and told me
that because I was about to come true to
you and tell you about all the only girl
I've got but hey looks like reason that
so it's cool you never know okay or even
I'm joking I did love you love you too
so guys I wasn't gonna go that hard but
there Morgan refused to kill the spider
which it's about the worst thing you
could do in a relationship so I thought
I'd go full-on
cheating on him how'd you feel about LA
why did you believe it boys don't like
me
boys are desperate some boys are
desperate I'm desperate
that's it I've had enough subscribe bye
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die
it's that easy well maybe not die but
your parents won't love you anymore he
said
you
