I have 24 hours to create my own outfit
from scratch I realized that doing this
was really stupid which isn't a very
long time if you have no idea what
you're doing it happened again I'm no
matter how it looks at the end of those
24 hours I have to stop crafting start
crying because I have to go out in an in
public oh my god you know what fashion
is the reactions weren't good and body
parts that should not be exposed to are
exposed was out the whole time maybe
like when we was out maybe
I am Adam basically we're like old
people buy their overpriced furniture
and stuff and I am going to try and
collect some fabric so I can craft my
very own minecraft maybe not minecraft
hat by the couple of options about fits
I would like to bike or my body and I
mean I'm wearing this out of choice and
I didn't even have to wear it so this
isn't going to go well I actually people
I'm gonna buy this firstly because
imagine unlined couldn't hear or like
underwear like creep on it genuinely I
think the stuffing inside it could be
used to like maybe pad out this area or
something it's not really worth much
let's get it soon after just starting to
realize how expensive this stuff is we
have just parked the biggest 130 persona
she wanted a two hours later
make your own quotes I said Oh Bianca
listen I just spent my years salary on
fabric and a cotton I'm poor now you
like the video and watch it so many
times of refreshing click all of that I
have no money left and I can't eat
tonight just kidding we're about to go
through the macaws dry for an anew but
I'll keep you updated I still want to
die thud but now the exciting part is
coming where I have to build myself some
clothes hopefully it's gonna look better
than this I look like a polar bear who
just gotten back from pure gym so let's
get it so once we got back I forced the
resident elder Jill to teach me how to
use a sewing machine so after being
taught how to use the machine of death
it is kind of terrifying let's stay away
from this I just ride it that I mean I
like a practice run so I thought what
item of clothing can I make this like
super small and very easy so if you're
very unlucky and a male the smallest
part of your body is probably your
people so what if I make low pouch to
keep it warm coming up to winter because
guys always complain that like oh my
it's falling off and I can get a real
life boy to try out as scared I think
the fifth fabric that I've cut for it
maybe a little bit too small but maybe
it can just be like a nice hat let's go
so I basically just trace the outline
and as I was tracing it I realized that
doing this was really stupid
I've spent so much money on this video
why would I want to get it you monetize
it so YouTube if you're watching this
it's a finger warmer okay dude I would
totally get fired from it labor factory
closed even cut a straight line
not as well
eight hours later
hmm I guess it was just easy access when
you're peeing look youtube if you're
watching I was delirious and I didn't
know what I would say and I spent way
too much money on this video to get you
monetized so I'm here's this tip of my
toe now exit the video and let me get my
coin let's just ask him what he thinks
you're a resident mail a major of
clothing put it wherever you see fit is
it one you think it would sit on a oh
look at this dude actually looks really
great social web toys really well you
duck you know what that was just mean
and it was too small for him anyway
that's why I kept avoiding yeah even
though that was a whole winner and it
didn't quite fit I think we're ready to
start our first piece of clothing
because I go into every activity I do
way too overconfident and then I fail
before what happened I've collected 400
pounds of fabric which I don't want to
waste so I'm going to start from like
easy and then transition into heart so
I've decided first up let's make a skirt
I like it and stuff super short and
you'll really like this close of seeing
my dog go out in public and I have to go
out in public in it no matter what it
looks like even if you can see my whole
tiny she's gonna be so much alright
so here I have about a meter of kind of
like tartan skirt material you'll never
catch me wearing tartan because it kind
of reminds me of my school uniform which
makes me want to die because I hated
that time of my life but it was the only
kind of pattern material I could find
that didn't look like your curtains so
I'm gonna grab a pencil as you can see I
did not plan this far ahead and now have
no idea what I'm doing
what follows is a brief construction
montage don't litter if I get this one
this is the only piece of fabric I have
like this so I'm just gonna have to wear
it and probably can see what the
public's reaction I don't have to do
these things to myself I choose to let's
get this - snipping why
moving sleek down so I just caught it
are you ready for the reveal because I
don't think I am okay let's see if this
little it fits mm-hmm
oh my god I actually kind of do this
right so I kind of originally planned to
have like buttons going down the middle
I think I'm gonna have it at the side
because I kind of cut at a slant because
I don't know I just have no hand-eye
coordination
no you're just stupid and the top
doesn't really matter because I'm gonna
put a big bow wrap around thing around
it I battle organization I guess let's
get sewing I do have this thing called
hemming whereby you like you put it
between the fabric and it like makes the
end not look like it's been cut by a
five-year-old well I don't think we have
an iron because why would one because
I'm five years old and I don't know how
to do anything more good do we have an
eye we don't have an iron so I guess
that means I'm gonna have to light so I
don't know why I find this so funny but
it's like earthquake effect in real life
look earthquake effect sewing peen
that's all okay figured it out and I am
nervous I'm not really the queen of the
air why I'm more like the queen of
spending money on that unnecessary thing
so maybe this will teach me to be more
economical even though I spend like a
thousand pounds on this I never do
anything in a straight line so this is
like record breaking for me when I
learnt how to drive I'm literally going
to get pulled over by the police and
they're gonna be like hey walk in a
straight line completely sober me
because I have too high anxiety levels
to ever touch alcohol it's probably
gonna fall over or walk in a zigzag this
is how bad it is
IQ representation nervous so I finished
making the long wraparound belt thing
and we have an issue we're coming to see
if it's the same length all the way
along same then same length same length
oh wait what's happening here
Oh too short to do about that like when
it's around my waist I really don't
think you'll notice so three days later
update I'm tired and I want to die but
bail has been attached to the skirt I'm
a talented Queen I'm next up the button
I've decided not to go for a bow up top
so now because I'm not sure I have to
make that honestly but here is your
reminder guys to go follow me on my
Instagram at Kara Bridget because I
won't follow us but also because I'm
gonna be actually posting photos and all
these art fit so you can see me do it
why do I say everything of such a
sarcastic tone I'm so sorry
I appreciate you soon after you just
made a hole in my finger we're testing
the skirt for the first time and I'm um
no okay
does it fit kind of it definitely needs
like something to hold it together down
here oh my god but apart from that it
works does its job it covers my
genitalia it is made novel in my hands
by sheer coincidence
it happened again I'm gonna get blown on
the skull my finger just like not be on
its period today Thanks it's time for
the grand reveal of the skirt and I'm
actually like really nervous for it
because I feel like you're all gonna
hate it and then want to kill me and
unsubscribe on the subject to
subscribing we may or may not have hit
two million subscribe
by the time I upload this depends how
lazy I am with the editing but one
either subscribe so I can hit 2 million
subscribers or to thank you for 2
million subscribers in advance or from
the past thank you my heart is warmed
but now is not the time for
inspirational speeches I have spent the
last five hours crafting a stir a very
mediocre quality luckily I found a kind
of jumper that I think goes really well
at color scheme wise it's the same kind
of shaded cream I mean it look it's like
a little bit awful but it's like the
best thing I could find making this
skirt required little blood kind of
sweat although I don't really sweat so
I'm kind of like dry tears
although I don't cry because I'm
emotionless but I also stop myself in
the hood I don't want to sat on a needle
but this guy is him free to so I give up
in the end I did decide to make it a low
bow which by the way was probably the
hardest thing out of everything because
I individually sewing-machine every
single piece of this and then I had to
sew it by hand onto this because it was
to fix you go through the sewing machine
and when I sewed it on I accidentally
cobbled up the buttonhole which was just
great so I had to do like the waistband
is probably my favorite bit I think this
is so cool and I really appreciate my
talents although I messed up really bad
but you know what instead of telling you
were a mess so I'm actually gonna go and
get some reactions and see it a can
realize where I messed up and then maybe
you can realize where I messed up you
probably noticed already it's like
really bad that's good I'm gonna cry off
camera mr. Ryan so what do you think of
my outfit oh as bad as I thought it was
gonna be to be fair it's actually not
too bad
oh sure about the stitching what
stitching points out whatever this yeah
that's the message yeah I kind of like
the boxing thing not exactly an even
length as this one do you know it's
optional you can just say at home like a
piece I love weighted with the ribbon
that thank you
this was actually probably the most
difficult part of it all okay
I feel like I'm ready to never go
outside and see the light of day let's
go visit Morgan hey mr. miggles I was a
little that's you okay so uh what you're
thinking of my outfit this is the tops
mine Wow
really I was just feeling the Fabray do
you like it yeah illegal yeah well you
won't say anything every day oh my god
you know what fashion is by the way you
have to take me outside in this I mean
overall I don't think my measuring
skills are the best but I don't think
anyone's gonna give me like wit look or
anything if I go about actually no
everyone's gonna give me a wig look
because everyone's gonna be able to
medal on you pass through it low key the
jumper looks great with that too bad I
have to make my own next morning good
morning morning meaning Pompeian but
still that that's really early for me I
am awake because I need to finish
crafting my outfits before I actually go
out and in public today and honestly
this funny light-hearted like oh I'm
gonna sew my own clothes it's getting me
stupid because you're gonna see my butt
video has literally turned into like
real-life documentation of what people
who must make clothes as a job go for
like it actually requires time skill and
hard work I am patient and run talented
so hmm not really working out for me a
skirt as you saw last night considering
you made it like in a drunk state at
5:00 a.m. it's good good it's it covers
what it needs to cover barely aside from
that I am ready for death I'm ready to
see the sweet Lord Jesus to take me into
his arms actually you know what don't
kill me yeah I'm not a millionaire yeah
I'm gonna be alive a long time waiting
for that to happen like you spending all
my money on that bird my guess on the
brighter side I'm kind of excited to
make the top first because I feel like
that's gonna be so much easier than a
sky I cannot even begin to explain to
you how much of a foreshadowing that was
I completely jinx it by saying that this
t-shirt making was the most difficult I
want to die process I've ever
experienced in my life I have no idea
how clothes exist after this because how
the hell does anyone do that now
say that I'm probably gonna end up
selling my fingers together I'm tired
okay
I'm really tired I literally know
nothing about fashion but I'm gonna make
it to each other it's kind of like this
style because I feel like that will go
really well with like the shape of the
skirt I know nothing about fashion
I wear this outside it's a reindeer
onesie and I'm one wobbler
I just paid a cleaner like so much money
to clean this room and I've done this in
one day the government should revoke my
responsibilities as an adult
just then I'm feeling more optimistic so
I'm just gonna measure myself this way
and this way in every way so I now have
two pieces of fabric I'm gonna take him
through this thingy again this
five-second clip you're about to witness
was literally 35 minute clips sped up
40,000 times I put a lot of hard work
and effort into that and it's all about
to be ruined
it's both yeah I started this at 1:00
maybe just try and Tommy what's wrong
with this this corner here and this
corner here are supposed to be attached
and for some reason I have sewn this
corner too I'm done I'm done I'll keep
you updated update cuz I was trying to
fix it got some kind of revolutionary
ideas to come to realize that I've sewn
it inside out this is the back of the
fabric and this is the front it's a nice
kind of suede and here is the seam so if
you're wearing it you have this big
thing poking out before okay I could
turn it round oh wait no then you can
see the whole inside of the hemline I
wasn't meant for this life however we're
gonna pass of it I think if I continue
to sew this together then maybe I can
cover up the wind a headline finish that
even what is cord like maybe a ribbon I
don't know
Oh check in back of you on my life's to
read some more okay moment later today
again I don't know what kind of brain
damage I have to keep making these
mistakes are just so obvious as you can
see on this side it's folded nicely it's
so together correctly the little seam
thing on the inside but did I bother
turning it inside out to sew it together
on this side the answer's no because I'm
stupid moral of the story I'm an idiot
I'm gonna try it and try it on to see if
we can do anything with this yes I'm
just to fit for everything starting
again
much much much later a billion years
later
is almost 7:00 p.m. we're leaving to go
outside into the public in about 15
minutes and I was just doing the
finishing touches on the hideous t-shirt
but turns out I put the ribbon on the
bottom instead of the top I don't know
how I keep making these mistakes it's
not even that this is difficult
I'm just stupid moving to detail it's
7:00 p.m. on Wednesday and my time is
officially up there is one massive
problem with tickets but right now I
have no choice but to put outfit on make
it look decent kind of and take it to
the public you know maybe I'm being a
little bit too nervous but I want you I
think a station going out for the last
10 minutes but I've just been going to
grow some balls put some makeup on and
leave and to me it's just like
concerning you know because I'm going to
look like the biggest Hot Mess ever for
example I have this thing growing on my
lip I don't know what that is I mean
there's a hole in top of it and some
stuff came out of it but it's not like I
can just like hook into you or that you
know why do they do that
diamonds give me walking a lot next my
bajillion her boyfriend wearing all
Gucci and off-white but I'm wearing a
handmade outfit and I have an animal
growing on my face you know it's not
really a good thing for you Bridget it
sounds like such first wealth problems
and you know what it is and here is the
final outfit I mean it doesn't look that
handmade you know get seduced my first
outfit I would give myself a solid 2 out
of 10 to this from a distance it's like
ok but close up there are many many
flaws let me just say everyone's gonna
get very used to mr. Nick tonight a
skater oh my god the doors open actually
doing it well you know she's not blind
yard
we should ice hell to get rid of it drop
the blanket Cara
kara let the world see you off with look
kills over that oh my gosh Jill don't
walk over here you don't want to see
this gel you don't want to see this I
think she I think she's being sarcastic
Kara
Oh oh my god the video what I marry into
this house she's the first thing this
building kara we've arrived at Starbucks
why are you shaking yet yo this is the
first time I've ever seen Kara no
excited about going to Starbucks this is
revolutionary isn't it Joe come on Kara
we haven't got all day where are you
come on Kyra she's not very enthusiastic
about this I think it looks great
oh wait I was I was talking about your
book yeah because that's the tree all I
can see because this guy doesn't even
work I know he'll just wreak here and do
it 1 2 3
I did it I was just so fast you didn't
see pull your skirt down I'll steal
whatever I want my skirt Jill
an old man just hardcore scowled at me
through the window I don't think he
approves
like if in any way from playing the
witness off
she was just tipped out hold drink on
the floor literally it just hit up all
the losses and everyone's looking this
drawing so much attention to how I'm
looking later that same evening kara
you're cheatin take your toe off and
show the world your beautiful outfit why
what what's up with that
oh my gosh wow I have a feeling we're
gonna get a little unexpected guests at
the table
why is one-shoulder bath is that I
thought was our fashion choice
loser made a bit more I like for this
little bra underneath sense though
I guess you can understand what the
Redskins hit right I know I know I know
yeah all right I got it don't worry
maybe I say leave it go on then
Martin what about you yeah Ryan what do
you think of my outfit
hello it's been about two hours here is
how the Alpha is holding up sauce for
what very well how to tighten off a lot
in this and did have a little bit for
revealing moment in the restaurant so
it's a good thing that you don't have
more there although would have been even
more problems yeah this bit is
officially giving up and yeah everyone
just look on my underwear I guess who
they gave me pot looks good I can't
believe she's actually doing this in
public so we've just gone back from
getting some snacks no I'm just chilling
you know I'm just hanging here on the
sofa and I feel like that was anyway
kind of successful whoa probably was out
the whole time maybe like when we was
out maybe oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god okay that's really
embarrassing holder I want to go look
back at the footage and like check okay
okay so we just went back and looked at
the footage and for like a really long
giant like 1 minute segment at the end
like the whole thing out and I guess no
one tell me um I guess I spoke too soon
earlier this outfit get of solid or of
subscribe to Kiera Bridget or die it's
that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
he said
