Oh what do you mean they're not 18 for 4
months
I feel really wouldn't you can hear me
PP Frank hi what's up how's it hanging
no spiritually it's not hanging very
good for me actually and that is because
I regret to inform you guys that I'm
pregnant I'm just kidding if that wasn't
obvious you know so Jen next 24 hours I
have decided to take it upon myself for
some strange reason I mean what do we
mean some strange reason fuse obviously
but for the next 24 hours I'm gonna be
pregnant or full baby won't balloon but
baby okay it's story time this is why
this is a problem I don't like children
I don't like babies and every time I say
that others come and attack me my
comments on my replies I don't care it's
my choice if I want to ruin my life on
all the screaming wrapped board baby and
it's also your choice if you want to do
that to yourself - personally I'd rather
live life for me not make myself suffer
them I already have - and that's the
love flocks fulfill all of my emotional
needs okay so we've got that cleared up
but to show you the extent of how much I
never want to be with child never want
to pregnant myself well someone else
impregnate me who'd want to do that
multiple times I have had nightmares
where I'm like 35 years old and just
find out I'm pregnant like 35 like
that's getting on a bit that's the kind
of age where if people haven't had their
child's already you know pop just a
quick corner or I realize you can see my
penis that's the kind of age where you
know they probably do it I'm financially
stable do you have a job you have a
house you have a dog but for me that is
absolutely terrifying not at any point
in my life do I ever think I will be in
acting after care for something else it
isn't me and it's not even the caring
part it's like I just finished okay and
after these dreams I'd literally wake up
like sweating like freaking out if I was
ever to accidentally become with child
I'm stuck with this little weird rap
thing forever yeah so I feel like this
challenge is going to put me through my
literal worst nightmare like that's what
you've been exaggerating because I've
had my worst nightmares about this look
weird but yeah I mean let's get started
okay so here I am with Google looking
pretty pregnant and while I'm here with
Google I thought I'd let you know about
something that happens on the Internet
if you click the link in the description
you'll be taken to this page where
tonight after this video is released at
8 p.m. GMT I'm gonna be live-streaming
hello how was your day so if you don't
want to miss moments like this make sure
you join the livestream tonight 8 p.m.
GMT to talk to me
the please click the link in the
description because otherwise how do you
expect me to feed my growing child about
what it really is like to be pregnant
so you know there is a lot of stuff that
pregnant people can't do because you
know they decided to bring enough life
into this world we're already an
overbearing population that was so much
pressure on resources hey
again kidding that's kind of harsh do
what you want so I for I find out what
some of the things are you can't do with
one of these on you even though I feel
like I already know quite a few of them
because I'm the queen of retaining
useless information and see if I can do
them I guess I can't even do regular
stuff things right we are going to
history things you can't do while
pregnant this is probably one of them
pregnancy brain what can I say oh don't
eat these foods raw meat and shellfish
deli meat fish with high levels of
mercury smoked seafood raw eggs soft
cheeses and unpasteurized area
but things you should eat is lean
proteins healthy fats lots of fresh
vegetables and fruits and water yeah
honestly it sounds just like my diet we
love a health queen ok genuine question
I can't remember the actual last time I
genuinely like consciously drank water
I think it's been weeks and it's been
really hot I've been living off coke I
think you had about 10 every single day
but I haven't even had water with it am
I gonna die
don't paint the nursery well I am NOT
the queen of DIY I've never painted
anything in my life or even my nails I
don't do like things don't overdo it on
the caffeine yeah no it definitely not 1
a.m. and I'm just starting this video
yeah no I don't drink coffee or rely on
it to their wake I don't have a caffeine
immunity even I'm only 17 years old for
what
don't take certain medicines some
medications can be harmful to your
growing baby would you expect me to do
die don't wear stilettos stick to Hills
do a free edge heel or less I mean I'm
unsteady on my feet anyway don't change
the kitty litter
okay I'm allergic to cats and that
definitely wouldn't be my job even if I
did have a cat what's a mother for okay
I don't think I'm quite grasping a
concept of this video um Kara you are
the mother and finally don't drink what
do you mean they're not 18 for four
months editing a video right now guys
and I realized this isn't even effective
because that's not even the part of the
video they are this was like many
minutes ago but I'm currently editing I
currently look like this today someone
invents allergy proof mascara I I will
invest every single you can have a
hundred percent of my ad revenue take my
money it's not much but take it I am
still well I came in my underwear well
and truly pregnant I am braver than the
troops but I would really like to
explain to you how much sweat I'm just
sitting here by the computers and it's
just so hot and it's like one of the
hottest days of the year how much sweat
I'm accumulating on
this balloon I'm like these are heavy
like strong latex like these things
don't break and it's dead
well done Kara Challenge over it's not
really what you wanted that was an
actual pregnant person that's like an
extra six billion pounds of weight on
you it must be like you if you're
pregnant and summer it must be like
wearing 10,000 extra layers it's like
skin you can't ever remove and like a
boulder you have to carry around it
really weight lifting my thoughts on
pregnancy and pregnant people have
changed literally already just by
sitting here and sweating because I hate
the hot temperature I hate hot weather I
hate hot temperatures you guys know I
don't know how to regulate my Heat I am
a dog I don't know I just feel sorry for
all of you baby bearing folk out there
you can't remove their stomach like I
can remove mine and like put the phone
under it that's the fan and that way I'm
cold so yeah there's my little update
okay so that's Morgan's bedroom and he's
asleep here is the child I'm kind of
angry at him because he fell asleep as
they're filming from me earlier
so let's freak him out
ma yi hey hi hi what do you think I'm
just saying you know that I am with
child I am the Virgin Mary he's come to
save us all well for some feelings about
that very interesting you have a lot to
say don't you
oh yeah no you don't because you're
sleeping instead of doing what you're
meant to do it doesn't like it when you
touch his mouth when he's asleep
say subscribe to Carol Bridget and I
leave you alone okay
you wanna play like that I'm the one
suffering why should you get to sleep
come and help your wife I'm with child
and you know what Morgan you know what
it's not even yours
oh yeah later
he's not the daddy not actually pregnant
age never it doesn't have a gender
because that's just rude and it's you
never well where a man and woman love
each other very very very much
the woman picks a seed out of a
watermelon swallows there and then grows
a baby inside of her and then it comes
out of her belly button know if she
hasn't out you though they don't get
babies strawberry milk I'm currently
paying a party that is a common habit of
pregnant people and I feel really went
you can hear me please be frank we just
got really close in this video can we
just appreciate that this is a second
video in the world where I have peed on
camera what is wrong with my channel the
next day wake up
oh no please is to fall this is your
child only who knows you went to sleep
for like 7:00 last night and now it's
one for my view
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said Oh mom
I've ever stayed with you on the planet
