hi hi what's up okay why am I like this
why can't I speak today is a very fun
video and it's gonna be really fun I
promise please don't lose hope you need
to fast this is I think my first ever
official Club yay auntie LAN hi guys hi
Gosselin don't kill me we got peanut
butter so we have peanut butter and that
brings us on to what today's video is
about no not really
I really fear butter has nothing to do
with that oh yes we're making the
world's largest bath bomb ever what she
said ever and if you want to see what's
gonna happen well you're just gonna have
to wait and see what's gonna we have to
make this bath bomb and that is the
challenge this is like a challenge yeah
yes we bought variety of things nobody
else was peanut butter in their bath
bombs
no I maybe we should just do it okay but
it was the words there was the word
there was AI can't you should probably
you know start setting things in the
bowl and then mixing them together to
make probably what's gonna turn into not
a bath bomb but we get a box with it
anyway yes we're gonna bath or whatever
whatever concoction roommate are we
gonna die and you know just be nuts
I hope not but anybody who comes in
contact with us mmm-hmm we're gonna kill
some people
can you go to jail if you kill someone
because you Bobby no baby baby I hope
not is it bad to say Bravo so many times
in a video 30 more ever gonna get
flattened yeah
sure you bleep it out every time let's
get off
but here we have some clear spot bones
make skin super soft love me papa they
were still fairly expensive no they were
likes just with like $200 on flat box
and that is the moment she knew she
freaked up oh ho ho I can't make you out
all of these individually where they can
create kind of a kind of acrylic oh
that's me
Georgie why are you youtuber what I use
like a scientist right I just hope
there's like a little money in like
chemistry I'm great if you learn those
recombine or monetization think it's
going really well we aren't even in the
bathroom yes no I don't put soap in your
mouth
oh she's dead we'll continue this back
by making video welcome to bath bombs
with ask where we try not to die I'm
still on the same one you can fool maybe
that one's just like complicated
problems - is finally free I'm still
trapped in my self a Dracula it's no
worse I feel like I'm dragging me down
to my level
I like it though no I'm joking I'm not
pretty here is some rare footage of Kara
actually being useful just kidding
that's never gonna happen
good point you do realize with all these
colors but this is gonna look like cool
we should have like I'm one color
and then they would have maybe like okay
I feel like my resonate you what an
advance maybe we should start crunching
these ones what are the bags open I
think that would be good as he trying to
be useful meanwhile I'm being a complete
and utter safety hazard she's way too
good for me because this long shadow oh
this is what all people used to drink
with I don't think I'd agree drinks from
that I thought they just mixed drinks in
it who does not why would you put yeah
yeah yeah it's like you lay down so we
did a lot of crushing off-camera we
crushed it didn't push it because it
looks like this it's true
I guess we just put the ingredients in
right Britney Francine we make a bath
mom and I were finally getting apartment
everybody's waiting for his natural bath
burn nobody cares about the function
yeah just finish kinda looking ago it's
about fully clothed that's what you came
for that memory sorry like full-on body
suits head to toe base covered her tasks
hazmat suits yeah no we don't have those
but if we did we would maybe just enough
we just we just using random objects
thank you so much go get the Foley you
know I feel like you would get your
deposit back
just cuz something had a little bit of
peanut butter got anything hurt nobody
well unless they have a peanut allergies
anything what do I love about things
like didn't I laugh at my own Miss Moore
portion as well good is that good I kind
of like don't want to do this yeah too
much is too much
come on yeah that's ooh peanut buttery
it's freaking out you're good taken up
this sparkling water no she's sitting
over the bathroom yeah yeah yeah Mike's
gonna make it no no no no no no I was
gonna say yes cuz the peanut butter
smells like it's lickable but then I
remember there's soap in here and you
might die on camera if I use your
channel cuz I still wanted to make money
off of it if I die you can take the
memory card then you can fur into a
river your legacy to continue oh yeah is
a help are you sure this is gonna work I
need it what last night but it was only
like to buff ones I used I feel funny
all of it yeah give me all that much
battery this is looking less nice now
you know that like those recipes online
for how to make bath bombs
why didn't we just follow the recipe
later okay so we're gonna pop and it's
full of water and they feel really
uncomfortable right now
the water is very hot yeah I'm not
burning my skin is nice yeah oh are you
sure I actually don't really like being
a better that much you could have told
me that before yeah it's not too late I
feel like at this point it's too late
but no but this is all we could come up
with he wasn't sure how to get into a
sub cool I think this county councillor
it's kind of like what would happen if
ur you know current to the pool that's
cute I like unicorn like that but ice
cream machines like maybe we should put
this in the boss now right yes another
scoop it oh okay okay okay oh yeah I
come in look at this
whoa it smells like our nothing in our
attacker does banging much because I'm
not sure what to say
you know it's just possible with peanut
butter do don't try this at home and
makes you have adult supervision even
though I had adult supervision it still
went like this it's kind of pretty that
I'm not eating okay not yet do you want
to get her oh yeah should we show them
yeah okay well there's buzzing oh wait
what are the bumps so here is the peanut
butter I'll be doing a giveaway if you
subscribe you get this you're gonna
subscribe comment and like don't worry
subscribing I'm you know new subscribers
know I touched you just sell the
residues I'm selling peanut butter on
eBay you know I wonder if it's a good
lotion is it moisturizing I mean it
feels nice I don't think it's just okay
are you gonna die what is it the smell
is it me maybe it's just us I really ran
out of things to say about this I mean -
I don't know what else is sick I mean
it's just disgusting would you wrap it
that you shoots pretty first I think
what King came out I was like yeah and
then after that I was like no like
Instagram that's his real life
okay I think that's enough like how much
journey could you really make this bad
okay no no no wow she's not fun because
she wouldn't let you pee in the bath
that she's also in yeah she sounds
really boring to me no please don't
please don't forget about dog
this video isn't going to do very much
furniture she's really great I'm joking
Robinson's know she had some Syrian
subscribers so this makes me feel very
late like you do for her no I feel like
I tailed you very large subscriber come
here to that because I love you
the seas are having a real buff I mean I
just got into a bath you just have a
boss I can treat you right maybe should
go bye-bye
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
