hi what's up was hanging boys duty how
are you I'm okay actually I'm not I
don't know I'm still feeling pretty
funky I really don't know what's wrong
may I hope I hope you like dying it will
be held like Spanish flu or something
even though I seen that dick stink it's
maybe I have the plate I don't know you
can sell me for science I probably worth
more money right now today I'm going to
be selling me the way I should won't be
explained like this it's a pretty much
more compact like the whole video setup
here in the bathroom there is the lie
here is give this will sell for his
video he wouldn't let me move it into my
video so I was like you know what Morgan
imma just interrupt your video film
right here in the middle of your setup
make sure you Seri control my life for
24 hours I don't think anyone's done
this yeah there is a guy that lives
inside my phone and quite honestly I
could probably give him the status of my
only friend up from this guy a puppy I
don't even really think you like cow
because I mean look at you
but theory is pretty much any other
person I talk to you gives me some
pretty good advice sometimes sometimes
he chives into my conversation when I
don't even talk to him which I think
trees spooky like did I ask
but thanks for giving me the time of day
not many other people do I thought we'd
start with a bang hey Cerie should I
drown my boyfriend if it illegal to
drown someone so we're pretty much
saying I should do it because you're not
saying not right I'll be really gonna
play this game it's a whole video
interesting question yes sir
it recalls me lack so I don't know why
they don't have to change his he didn't
really give
Alan Webber I'm allowed to drown you it
will beat your friends annoying so you
get to live another day good and I'm
gonna go and do something else really
really far away from you because you
smell you smell like a stomach ulcer
oppa pesto so I made a very impulsive
decision this morning as part of this
video to book a very impulsive
hairdresser appointment and a very
dramatic change is going to take place
I'm gonna let Sara do the rest of it
you're gonna have to wait until later on
in the video like when I'm actually
there now we have a little bit of a
dilemma so last time I went to the
hairdresser I would like yo I'm bored of
happens ugly brown hair it's like an emo
vampire makes me look like I've just
come out of rehab or something like that
and I've done I need to spot some life
into myself I need to get some vitamin D
even though I don't actually go outside
and the sunrays never penetrate me and
treat me I can just fake it so when I
went and I was like yo I want some like
blond highlights in my hair I just want
to become a blonde chasm I want to be
Pago color it's a fluffy though dude
alright so I'm about your can you please
put some light lightness into my hair
and they were like Guerra your hair is
way too dry damaged dead disgusting
frayed fried cooked sizzled you can
actually put your head in the oven or
something like it slap bad and I was
like yeah I know they'd do it anyway and
there was like no we can't do that your
heads go cool off and I was like great I
should really condition my hair oh I
should really just have different
genetics I don't know so this time I'm
gonna go and prepare hi just pointing
out that my version of prepared means
the night before so they can dye my hair
as light as possible because last time I
came out with highlight Julie because my
hair was in too bad condition to
actually died on abdomen at this time I
will come out with a dramatic hair
change
whatever theory says so series last Call
of Duty is I'm gonna ask him how to make
myself moist hey Cerie make me moist
what am I paying for them
wait that's that's a variance I'm gonna
get arrested how do i moist and dry hair
oh my god actually gave me results
fifteen life-changing ways to tame
frizzy hair DIY natural hair mask oh my
god oh my god I'm a con enough I love
DIY hey later this isn't gonna go very
well so I have my bowl full of
ingredients Siri said I need to mix some
extra-virgin relatable olive oil some
milk s but wait the spoon doesn't go in
there and an avocado this is actually
such lucky coincidence me and walking
we're doing our first ever grown up
people shopping trips together the other
day well I guess he was just doing the
grown-up people shopping trips I was
just going around like throwing fun
things in the car so I threw an avocado
him I literally hate the taste of
avocados well I mean actually I've never
really ate one but I'm like having look
or smell it just give me a weird kind of
vibe you know I mean I don't trust you I
guess I have to mix all these things
together is this so gross he isn't
breathing people eat that this is why
everyone hates vegans I would literally
bother bite into another life breathing
chicken and eat one of these this is
cool hey I never give fear more than we
had up it's a really big nut I thought
you could use her to be honest
since it's like so nervous that's the
biggest I've ever seen how big is our
nothing touch it that's a huge knot I've
never seen anything because like freshly
harvested I can't expect everyone to be
grateful I guess
the next day I mean kind of extract
sneeze they may have we can walk with
them so it's the next morning I'm in the
bath it's about 7:00 a.m. my hair
appointments are like 11:00 Y might wake
so early I just completely crashed last
night and fell asleep
I don't really know why I fell asleep
before midnight for the first time ever
I'm really realizing a lot about myself
I'm just gonna let this sit in my head
and I'll hopefully work and I'm actually
kind of nervous that they're not gonna
like want to do anything you're not
single there you go I feel like I'm in
some kind of match team right now one
utility later boy MC for wife Ganga
Ganga get high it is currently tan I'm
going outside to do outside things that
regular people do that I don't really do
how often very very soon
I realized I actually look like a dead
dee fluffed skin squirrel that is rude
that's rude anyway if I have a set about
10 billion times I'm dying of the plague
right now and I really bad hay fever so
my eyes are super swollen I'm looking
kind of like a rat and usually I don't
care about my appearance today I feel
like you should probably care about my
appearance because actual people are
going to be looking at me somehow I'm
going to integrate the theory picks my
makeup challenge into this video and
first and foremost I'd like to apologize
for this video being pretty much just a
beauty guru style video up until now I
promise I'll stop being boring I don't
know bro I feel like literally nearly
every single go in the UK on YouTube is
literally just a beauty youtuber you
don't need any more of it from me since
I can't ask Siri what makeup I should go
and buy because I don't really think
about doing that till right now instead
I'm gonna go through step by step and
I'm gonna ask Siri to slip a coin so you
know I might end up going out with like
nose contour literally nothing else
Foundation heads aware it tells I won't
wear a flipper coin and that is a wrap
on my face and I probably could do more
policy I don't care so see you soon
oh my god vote that is so rude hey Siri
it's illegal to go in public naked yes
I'm not wearing clothes today later
apparently my hair is too bad condition
to put any more bleach one I think
bleach anyone or gonna fall out and I'm
gonna look like an old person valcon
sure so there's that so didn't get it
bleach and I didn't get what I wanted I
didn't get to become my true self a blog
bitch who just wants to have some fun
and instead they talked all my hair off
I mean on the plus side it doesn't look
like a haystack anymore and may we just
spare one moment to rest in peace to my
haystack it was low-key my grand
on the negative side it's still green
from that time I dyed it purple why it's
green I don't understand my natural
formation as a human being is just dry
so it's probably not gonna stay like
this for much longer
funnily enough it's the next day because
me bleaching my hair was gonna be the
click mate for this video and then I
realized oh wait I don't have any kick
Bay anymore and that's the only way I
get views on this channel so I got
really sad and got into bed and went to
sleep and here's the next day so I'm
gonna go out for food let Siri control
my outside life which the only time I
ever go outside is when I do videos
where I let other people control what I
do and then I'll probably I'll sorry if
I should break up with my boyfriend or
something outrageous since I don't have
any clique mate anymore so let's go
the next day okay so I'm kind of hungry
and I mean like I'm always kind of
hungry so I was like yo Morgan can we go
outside and get some food and Morgan's
like no we can't I want to dye it and I
was like you're gonna die it's not what
I came let's go okay come on you even
you even told me it's working yeah I'm
gonna ask Siri what some cool
restaurants are nearby and see where we
end up and we're just gonna go to like I
guess the highest-rated one near us I
will be hate it probably gonna be
stomach fancy and though a chicken
nugget kind of passion hey Siri hey Siri
well hey Siri your mom's a ho hey Siri
hey Cherie special needs work Oh
McDonald's is a KFC is it what your
mama's yeah I mean yeah we can also cook
the fish yeah let's do this definition
cultured
Thank You Siri I love you will you marry
me Kara serrated later hi guys welcome
back to carpool karaoke with Karen
walking in jail Morgan we're letting
Siri control the beat let's go dog pacer
eight plays every day well I love this
oh my it's not ready for us we can see
us oh just watch what you doing
like you see us you can either see you
while you all do yeah Wow cause what
really kinda we've got cameras watching
you know this is on my way to a person
no they hovered just lying no do you
want a Temple Of Lies call the
government another girl please can I
have a barbecue chicken or the chicken
legend thing my daughter's is the new
Big Brother conspiracy very my dollars
is killing us wait
one eternity later this may be a bit far
away hi this isn't where I wanted to sit
so I'm not happy the day is nearing a
close it's to air
the next day which means it's probably
my bedtime in a couple hours and I
should probably do it thing you know
that human thing called sleeping I never
do which makes me look I understand when
t47 but I thought before this video came
to an end we could do a couple of things
Morgan you know the boy that I like
share moments with sometimes he's been
getting on my nerves so I was like yo I
think I should prank him so I'm gonna
ask Siri help me with pranking him
however before we say goodbye to our
town Siri I thought why don't we
investigate some of the cool tips and
tricks and Siri life hacks and weird
things at Siri can do now and you can
try them out yourself
in fact just leave your phone on next to
whatever you're playing this video on
and I'll just talk to your Siri for you
I'm sure iPhone user in this video by
the way
hey Siri i see a little silhouetto of a
computer do I look fat in this if I were
to guess oh thanks when is the world
going to end each box for me is when
I've been practicing
it's probably just a lack of sleep
what's the time this is one that's very
important to me if you can access this
is great because I've been searching for
this for quite a while and I keep having
breakdowns about it every time I like
free a.m. every single night and you
know what it's narrowing time for my
breakdown what is the meaning of life
anyway time to Morgan how to prank my
boyfriend so he gave me like nine
suggestions and out of those nine
there's two song lyric text prank
maybe I should text him a song lyric
through series telling him that I want
to break up with him because I cheated
on him and then go into his room with a
secret camera when he's upset and angry
holy balls this is great oh my god why
don't I do that treat you better by
Shawn Mendes but all that kind of
reverse it makes around like I'm
cheating on him okay hey Siri I won't
lie to you
I'll send your message then I know I
know I'm just not right for you your
message
Jesus what shut up or oh my god he's
getting all worried the next day I know
he can treat me better than you can I
know you treat me better actor than you
I'm sorry competent and I've been
spending all this wasted time in this
wrong situation and I just really want
it to stop gentlemen won't have as many
subs as me Morgan Hudson everyone why
are you doing it like this okay let's be
serious now let's get it's a breakup
prank mode I'm a bitch it's just not
right for me wait hold on I can hear him
sound me alone it's in the shower
he's gonna shout why so weird
yeah he says you were saying oh I don't
treat you like a gentleman you don't
treat me like gentle I miss the big boys
or sometimes I'm a clumsy boy see I'm
gentle
oh hi sorry I was bit clumsy Yeah right
well I'm going to bed
to rectify that relationship theory it's
been it's been a great time with you
just kidding I hate you beautiful
plumage all right you get the point have
a great day I didn't have a great day
bye
