hi wow this is literally the second
video in a row I've opened up with a
dressing-down on it's not even mine
at least have a bar on this time my
life's really not where I want it to be
up anyway hi what's up was hanging in
while scoot you know all that stuff I
said before we jump into this video
that's please establish that no I'm not
a stalker I'm not a psychopath I am a
perfectly normal stable person okay
that's a bit of a stretch I'm not saying
I'm normal but I'm also not saying I'm
creep okay glad we've established that
hi I'm Kara I don't know please
subscribe even though you literally just
got the worst first impression of me
ever I'm so unstable Britney Spears we
are halfway to a million subscribers and
I'd actually prove myself if that
happened like in my panties like excrete
out with the whole poop feces let's get
into the video so I've decided that for
a little but I just want to live life as
ariana grande you know she's rich she's
famous she's really cute she doesn't
need a nose job how have I managed she
is living her best life I thought I'd
take myself out of my harsh reality and
become her for a little bit it's what I
deserve
it's what she deserves okay Ariana
Grande is quite possibly the second
coming of Jesus right now I'm sure
you've all heard by now about what
happened last year by one of her
concerts in Manchester and 22 people
were killed
like the money that she raised to the
victims their families etc was like
totally crazy avoids
openess video saying yes because I know
you guys are British spinners but all
very kind hearted smart people I think
all of your hearts are in the right
place you'll want to do good in the
world unfortunately a lot of people like
still need help even I was over a year
ago and all eating links although where
you can contribute if you can or to
Shara she donated a million dollars and
honestly I wish I had like a 69th of a
million dollars I dropped out I don't
know how much it is don't hold me to
that
but whatever I already actually donated
when it happened I bought like a teacher
or my first act of the day will be
donating a hundred pounds do some kind
of charity or just giving that is gonna
help
a temps and I urge you guys to do sir if
he can that was deep let's move on to
something else
hi it literally about 12 hours later
since you last saw me because suddenly
I'm definitely ill again and I needed a
nap that lasted 12 hours 6 p.m. but
that's like 6 a.m. in my own personal
time zone good morning guys having a
great morning
rise and shine how light beautiful does
it look outside yeah the birds are
tweeting the sun is shining and the
flowers of flowering I'm gonna take this
becoming ariana grande video to the
fullest extent possible which means a
lot of fake time I used to think ariana
grande was like mixed-race kind of and
so she's like super white actually he
just uses a lot of this eye features
like Italian or something and I have
some kind of like messed up Irish
Spanish II Italian background which is
why my skin is yellow like it Simpson
autumn with liver disease stuff that got
deep obviously I can achieve that ariana
grande glow sister yeah let's get shook
I also don't have a tanning mitt we're
gonna use a sock where's my life clung
to this what can I say I'm just a
scientist guys I'm gonna place my
extremely power on toned actually shaven
for once like up on the window ledge so
that everyone outside can see my bare
genitalia and then just start rubbing
children what you know if it comes out
really bad and patchy I guess I could
just tell people that I'm maturing now
and I decided to take a mud bath whoa
tell me why I'm doing this in a white
towel from white carpet
Wow
I mean I wouldn't say I'm Ariana level
brown but I look like I actually go
outside which is a star I guess next up
is makeup
welcome to beauty with Keira 101 somehow
I have to make this muddy mess look like
this somehow I don't know I'm gonna do
that since they dude this isn't a fake
tan accident this is a bruise it's a
very long story but more than four you'd
give me a lot by on my forehead I'm
calling it a hate by it I'm here we go I
guess so we're gonna start with
foundation this is the Giorgio Armani
luminous silk foundation can you put
makeup over a fake time I always see
tweets from like Fiat 500 Twitter which
is basic
just named hum for like basic bitch
Twitter and they're like wow you feel so
much better off you've got a town I feel
like a chicken who just had a mud bath
she looks like she wears like quite a
lot of makeup like lays it on pretty
thick I don't really like feeling a lot
of stuff on my face because I'm kind of
like don't touch me I guess we're gonna
go big or go home today
now we're gonna conceal away all of our
securities and believe me there are a
lot of them okay so we've got this far
okay
I don't breathe the whole time cool and
they're going into complete directions I
mean it's terrible but it works out here
is the finished look
so I have recreated this look at us for
this thing that I'm doing right now here
with you I'm gonna try it another one
slightly later on but right now we have
to go and make dinner welcome to cooking
with Kiera
this is the kitchen this is fire I'm not
sure why I would trust it with this
alone how do you turn it off okay no I
have learnt that Ariana Grande is in
fact a vegan I also have eaten all day
now I hate about 99.9% of vegetables in
my diet consists of you know like bread
and milk on a regular day in the
household we did not have that many
vegetables in stock so I took a trip
outside into the garden I collected some
fresh leaves from trees hedges some
grass off the floor that the dogs you
know may or may not feed on a good old
potato we're gonna make some dinner out
of it here's the catch though here's
where it could go the probably wrong
I told Morgan not to eat anything today
and he just got back from football
either hungry he's a hungry boy the
first time in like ever I told him I
wanted to cook as part of my video so I
could like really learn so I
how he's gonna feel about this but I
hope he likes it so I'm gonna start with
lining this pan with an unhealthy amount
of oil I'm gonna pour my leaves into the
pot make sure we make a hole in the
middle for the potatoes
mmm this looks delicious while that's
cooking we could prepare his dessert Wow
looks so healthy and appetizing
I bet the labels even vegan - mmm mmm
that looks so nice and 3c Morgan
dinner's ready yeah you've been waiting
for hours boom leaves us yeah Friday
kind of potato it this nice isn't it
wait I made this one all by myself it's
super healthy and constructive my bare
hand which make later
so I think we've got yeah I already had
noodles so I just came back into my room
to film and I made a bit of a mess also
please don't tell anyone but uh somehow
I managed to get a fake time on the
ceiling and on the wall I'm really
starting to feel like my life's together
people should really start taking me
more seriously unsubscribe hi I'm that
wasn't obvious I don't mind but it's
free a.m. which in my timezone is like 5
p.m. and it's time to try a new look
we're going to be very congruent to
creating recreating this makeup look do
I look like the kind of pitcher knows
how to do that witchcraft on my face now
I'm the furthest thing from a makeup
artist I much like probably like a
makeup anti artist it sounds like a
thing are we going to give it our best
shot
I don't not do that thing that she's
done but I bought a red lips
and I'm pretty sure you're not supposed
to put up sticking in your eyes because
they've got here and stuff it works like
that right I just draw it free on going
okay knots well this is what we was
going for but it's what we thought and
it is complete and who are that's
terrifying
subscribe you'll find this in the bottom
field bed tonight Morgan just texted me
asking me to make him a sandwich well it
like the kind of person who knows how to
make a sandwich anyway instead of that
imma going and show him this it's like
my outfit because Ariana Grande's eyes
were like that are we breaking out
I mean she did just break up with her
boyfriend so it would be pretty good
timing to be honest I wish instead you
know how we're both getting kind of
tired I thought we could end it on a
high note to get it a note because she's
a singer
I love the living room so we pick it up
I'll pick it up I'm picking up a loving
wife and I'm taking it up so right now
we're turning it up yeah ain't got me
tears in my boobies I ran out like it
don't matter how what when we dries it
we we out her vibe and we vided we vibe
