hi what's up today is possibly the most
nervous I have ever been through a video
which says a lot because one time and
literally uploaded video really well
knowing that it probably would have got
me kicked out of school and that kind of
happened but I'm just gonna get right
into it so I'm gonna let you guys
connects like 24 hours completely
control my life and you may be saying
here hmm what life after that I'd say I
don't have one which firstly it's a
really bad idea because I don't really
like doing stuff like I don't have a
life on a regular day-to-day basis I
like staying inside do my own things
secondly you guys have terrible judgment
like you clicked on this video and
potentially subscribe to me you make bad
choices we've established that and now
I'm going to let you decide some pretty
dramatic things and I saw a couple of
these videos on like Beauty YouTube and
it was like should I have my hair
straight or should I have it curly today
that's so boring
I'm fully going to dedicate the next 24
hours it's experiment I'm gonna go out
there like crazy and maybe die so that's
that stay tuned for the rest this video
I guess before I started filming so that
we could just dive straight in there
straight into the deep end well kind of
the shallow end because we're gonna
start like soft and they get really
intense near the end I asked you guys if
I am allowed to continue playing for
tonight throughout the night oh if I
should stop and do something productive
because playing video games for hours
and hours and it's very unhealthy bad
feels bad for your intestines and stuff
like that and I'm very nervous to check
the result because I really really want
to play for tonight oh my god I love you
that's good ladies and for tonight the
next day okay so um you may be wondering
hey yeah you look cute
you may be wondering Kiera why are you
in a car well um well last night was a
little bit so to make up for you know
kind of missing yesterday I thought
that's you interrupted Cara's video why
don't make today like extra super crazy
so I thought why don't I ask you guys if
you want me to take a spontaneous trip
outside the country and he said yes
excited okay spike your demand little
bit of a trauma on the train I took my
coffee I sign the back and she was like
so it is your part of any of
identification like think about your
driver's license I don't even look so
yard alike
I just want to work and it was just so
frustrating she seemed to think that we
were like stealing my parents money and
to make it worse my mom's credit card to
make it work more than was using the
card he had his mum's they wanna she's
like those nerves cause she just like
really just didn't believe us and she's
like well I would be so argue my kids is
a we're gonna spend that much merit
rating it you must have some lucky
barriers that story time over total 85
centimeters at the very first okay I
guess it's gonna be paid for that me
with what we get a good like shopping or
something and I'll see if you guys want
me to go to like time off for Selfridges
like my house is worth more than their
you might be wondering Kara why you not
like letting us decide you a poor worker
you find something for Northland i'ma
show you why Everage
yeah later ok so I said that I was like
Jenna in
sorry I really like that kind of ridic
sighs everyone's like Oh should I get
them should I not should I get them that
I remembered I'm doing this video okay I
don't like the way this is going because
you should not work this is got oh no
Kara that's 900-pound that's a lot of
money a decision should be you alone not
your subscribers I said should I buy
them yes
no click it in okay okay oh my god yes
59% Carrie please no no that this times
why you need to just just listen to
yourself listen to your own head there
are lots of thousand pounds of thousands
I'm just trying to do a core cinematic
of me opening the door going in but just
looks myself you just knocked me out
oh geez you guys I've got a completely
crazy story for you guys so basically
hey we have had a traumatic day haven't
we mortgage
I'm with only on day one it's a video
story time all of you say you want the
on with you of that won't care about can
see you guys been a good room long
change Kara sorry we're involved if you
can't accept us then GT oh I asked you
guys on my story whether we should get
the very expensive hotel or the kind of
expensive hotels wait before that I also
put on my story I was like guys who's
gonna pay for the milk here or Morgan
I know EE do your CV also he just
respects the budgets better than their
demands okay so we put the very
expensive hotel very goes in line
because I said that we're gonna go all
out we're gonna do everything you want
but we get there and they're like yo you
guys need some official form of ID
we're both had possible pictures and
they're like yeah that's fine
Dave morning some kind of paper bag
paperwork so I was like okay what can we
do about this and they said okay well
Gary if you just get your parents to
send in an email
yeah that sounds like good so you know I
did I emailed Tracy and I was like yo
Tracy chosen mystery Martha I was like
motor stream over I was like what's up
can you please email this dude
confirmation and she was like yeah yeah
fine so she sent an email and then
suddenly this dude who's just loves his
job way too much you know says we've
been really bored that night it was like
yo this isn't enough like how do I know
that's not your mother and I'm like but
you just said that that's what you need
to do and I did it already just now you
don't like it and it also said English
she says in the website you need an
email parent for confirmation or theta I
sure the majority of myself they go guys
look at us so I was like what's the
problem I don't understand this dude was
just being so like unnecessary and extra
like oh like what do you want told me to
get my whole family's written permission
for me to sleep on a bed and then I
guess they were like trying to like
protect kids from like just going to
hotels and like touching each other they
don't want to get sued but like their
whole the whole like argument was us was
like oh we just like need to protect you
like we want you to be safe so we need
your parental permission their idea of
being safe was throwing us out into the
midnight no exaggeration street of
London luckily enough Park Plaza came to
the rescue my homies and we have a great
room right now and it has a really big
bath and I'm not that angry anymore
I'm gonna take you on a room tour and
then I'm gonna show you the really cool
every expensive that so expensive it me
to dye shoes I bought that I'm using as
a tripod I really feel like rice con so
you guys in a minute
Morgan yeah what have you done I smashed
a glass for some reason Morgan think
smashing things against the wall makes
good content
I like smashing leave a comment down
below if you're not entertained by
Morgan smashing things against the wall
and calling it content oh don't do I
imagine you call the piece I'm gonna
cook I miss how do you are underage why
would you do that some milk I wanted to
drink that you watch this you hold this
tumbler you hold it with your fists
watch this no dolls on my outfit and
take back shots as fast as I can take
that need milk shot zoom I wanna die
everything goes wrong in my life I feel
like it says spaceless of me to go wrong
like it will go wrong I'm wrong to the
fullest extent but on the positive side
not that there is one I'm gonna take you
on a room talk around this great hotel
and show you my very too much expensive
she's picky let's go as you walk in you
have a bagel humble Magel sitting right
now doing his work being a good boy on
the grind
making moves making money getting
reviews get bitches you better not be
getting bitches there's this very big
mirror you know I can see all of my
insecurities and it because they happen
right here to enhance absolutely
everything I don't want
enhancing oh great you know I promise
I'm not getting that chunky why does my
reflection show
if you could see my personality in my
reception in the mirror guess what I'd
still be ugly anyway moving oh my it's
the problem with this place you know
what I'm proud of my roles this isn't a
lo this is just extra personality moving
on here's a tap it does this hits all
these up soft oh oh oh my god I wish
he's a giant huge box I can't wait to
sit him and cry in and then dull my
sorrows away here's a toilet moving of
you poop Jack you're a temple of lies
and you're more subs in here's a big bed
no it's not messy for the reason you
think it might be messy its messy
because Morgan decided to smash a mug
all over and we had to get on our hands
and knees no that's stop thinking that
did you get on her hands and knees and
clean I hate this why why was that
necessary why the eyes necessary I'm
just been laying in bed she was sparing
me thanks a lot this hotels is a temple
of lies I want to die a little but you
want to see my shoes I really feel like
wife's come today
whoa that's so pretty there were 900
pounds I don't really see 900 pounds of
value in this to be honest but there you
go
I'm a comic so me you know what I think
I'm just gonna chill I'm probably just
gonna go to bed and then I'm gonna ask
you guys more questions in the morning
to control my line I guess I'll get you
to help me of everything else
thank you guys obviously one eternity
later it's free a.m. so I asked you guys
if we should order room service because
I'm kind of hungry even though we went
out to dinner earlier
you know I kind of ate a pizza and past
girls go to eat you know I'm feeding
myself and a baby I'm pregnant
oh yeah no we haven't old am i pregnant
yeah no I'm gonna talk about it more in
the next video but I'm gonna show you
the room servants visit we got because
you guys said that I should get room
service when I asked you on the pole
what's really funny is mortgage just
open the door to the room service person
because I'm like naked the room service
guy was like good morning it's free am i
gots naan bread and what is that what is
that interesting
who is my creme brulee that looks so
nice
I'll see you in the morning on the
wake-up even I've said that about three
times already okay goodnight guys do you
next day as per usual we have worked
late you happy we woke up today and
we're taking out late just to start the
morning off before we embark on our
journey I ask you guys on Instagram I
said should I wake up today or no makeup
today of an ugly busted looking face and
thank God 57% of you guys said yes I
mean we don't working with much but it's
better than what it was before believe
me today thanks is moving but just it
doesn't feel right later
hi so I asked you guys if I should take
Morgan to my house her first time since
we were in Londo so we hopped on the
train to southeast gang gang Drake is
not home so we have the house myself
which is great and I don't really think
Morgan wants to be here I don't know I'm
really attractive home sweet shot for
the first time those shells got more
follow us and you want it to go yeah he
does every day guys so this is my house
you know we have a brand new addition oh
boy wait boy now this is pretty crazy
mortgage near wide I've never had a boy
in my room before yeah no I haven't
funnily enough no how do you feel about
my room what do you feel about this area
it's very necessary they're watching you
I kind of had this thing where I wanted
to collect piggy banks and I was younger
and I just could never bring myself to
get rid of them it is pretty bad a
minute but like what do you think it
usually it's not this bad I ordered
loads of clothes when we go away to a
secret location next but yeah that's why
it that's messy but apart from that I
think it's pretty cool we're just
chillin aren't we we're just having a
fun time just chillin just living life
and I think that pretty much brings this
video to an end but oh no Morgan it's
not quite at the end yet you know why
you haven't met Sherlock yeah but they
can't see that in this video they're
gonna have to go see his Instagram at
the don't Sherlock to catch the rare
behind-the-scenes footage and pictures
of Morgan meeting shell of the dog full
of
time yeah I have a bone to pick with you
guys as you know if you've watched this
video which it doesn't really make sense
if you're here and you didn't watch the
video but anyway why do they say that as
you thought I bought these shoes for
nine hundred pounds I don't even want to
say it out loud
now I'm not very superficial person I
don't have any fashion sense and I just
like what I like so if I see something I
really really like but it's also kind of
expensive that's like okay because I
don't like stuff that much that often
you get what I mean I asked you guys
should I buy them they're 900 pounds 64%
of you and the percentage was even
higher when I actually bought them 64%
right now said yes you should buy them
Kara then couple of snapshots later I
poster might say were four grand blow
and 51% if you say no you just try to
laugh at me or something what did I do
to deserve this today have been an
interesting day and I really want to go
to bed thank you for the last like 48
hours of my life it was really cool
doing some spontaneous stuff like
putting myself out there like being
reckless even though I'm kind of
reckless on a day-to-day basis anyway
but I'm like reckless inside and not
actually records outside me and Morgan
who's asleep had a really cool time and
I appreciate you a lot of course I give
you insight into my actual life from
rather than me just sitting here like
making edgy self-deprecating jokes and
playing fortnight all day i'ma go join
him over there if you haven't followed
my Instagram over closer 200k right now
but go follow it it's so much fun I'm so
interactive you guys I talk to you guys
all of the time constantly everywhere
you are my only friends please
understand this I have no friends you
guys are the only social interaction I
get apart from this dude over here who
doesn't even talk to me half the time
it's all I like ever need and for
someone who hates human interaction and
hugs and I just I want to meet you and
hug you and tap you on the head like
good little puppies that you are I hope
you're having a great day it's been like
way over a year now I still don't have
an outro
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
he said
