hi and I'm going to try again what's up
boys hanging or scoochie a kind of
promise that stop saying that coming
soon to a wwe.com near you yeah okay so
I am currently in the middle of filming
a video I feel like I'm too stupid to
explain this concept but I'm currently
in the middle of filming it video there
isn't this video where I let you guys
choose what I do with my life for 24
hours it's not just a regular like an
extreme version where I go all that I do
all the crazy stuff you want me to do I
became my life looks pretty wild if you
ask me as you're watching this the poles
and stuff is still going on so you can
go onto my Instagram and follow me that
I don't know why I'm trusting you guys
to do this like you guys make bad
choices you subscribe to my channel and
watch this video like your judgment
isn't great but besides the point I
asked you guys whether you wanted me to
film a video or take a break and going
to see well the results are in and
honestly if you tell me to go to sleep
then this whole intro just feels
completely pointless no one's gonna see
it 67% of you want me to film want me to
film a video keeping in with the theme
of said video I thought why don't we sit
down play a nice game of fortnight boys
honestly is gonna stress me out a lot
I'll have you guys decide what I do in
the game so say for example I get a
really cool gun I get like a legendary
scar I'll be like yo guys should I keep
the gun or should I drop it and like
move on and like leave it and I'm gonna
be asking where I'm gonna drop in the
game and where I should go to and
wherever I should walk up to someone and
kill them or not and I have to run the
poles and do everything while in the
game of fortnight so this is gonna be
really intense I guess I'm just a game
of go now to me the Minecraft controller
and very little self-respect is gonna
dive right into this and let you guys
control fortnight which right now is
pretty much controlling my emotions
let's go okay guys
so I fought in the first round just to
hello spice things up we'd play with the
new Infinity Gauntlet panels mode where
saddles form infinity Wars is literally
inside fortnight it must have paid a lot
of money for that one and you can become
him funny Allah funnily enough I've lost
all of my battles so far against Thanos
believe or not ninja
so you know I have an experience being
famous yet I asked you guys if you
wanted me to land at a dock acres total
towers dusty differ or a random house
and 39 percent of you said around him
house that's what we'll be going we're
going on a trip to a random house so in
that little circle I have to look for a
random house that no one else is going
to the I can go to because I keep
getting trapped in the storm in this
game okay it goes so far as to stop
complaining okay we can do this we can
do this we can do this we can do this
okay
okay I see lots of houses oh there might
be I think is here chest come on here
you do it
okay so we gonna that's a chest yeah
so a chest in here nope great great just
great
is there a gun yep there is a pump which
I'm terrible with ok let's try this one
I'm so tired I'm so out of it oh my god
were actually kind of far away so we
need to hurry up Oh like machines on
just anywhere
whoa okay so where's familes whoa he's
literally so close to me I could
probably get it definitely gone once
okay someone's become him yes and you
actually have an order do that I need to
have a minute to get in there I think I
can do it right so much health
where's funnels house is kind of close
and they're shooting cool I really need
shield or any bandages I can't even have
a bandage right now what's wrong with me
what we could do is this pathetic on my
pussy if I just hide nope I guess I have
to move I'm actually really scared of
finals in the next game we play I'm
gonna be asking you guys's opinion a lot
more like do I keep my gun and stuff but
this game-mode is way too fast pace for
that I don't know maybe if I climbed
until today would have died straight
away
actually if I glanced until today I
definitely would have lied straight away
and I mean shortener see anyone okay yes
I can just I can yep I mean sure I can't
build it not were thing is it I don't
know ever know anything just stop
shooting me like two seconds or just
that mean
honestly that was terrible and while
he's not looking I really don't have
much down-low
Oh Mike you know what I was just tired I
I let I let him kill me there i watch
ninja okay so I'm gonna add some more
options to the pole if I get a scotch
and they keep it or leave it behind and
roll out with a grave done um be a
terrible idea
and the next one I'm gonna do in advance
is should I camp the whole game or play
super aggressive I don't even know how
to spell that
in school and it's hack everyone I gave
you the option of attacking everyone or
Bush new and this isn't gonna be
literally crazily hard but I'm gonna
have to type and write out polls as I'm
playing what the hell also may add it's
5 a.m. so no one's really voting in
these polls we can do this we can do
this we can do this random house where
is that a random house let's drop around
and boys we're learning as house what
house you asked I don't know um this
looks kind of cool wait I feel like
we've dropped here before is there a
chess right there's no chest wait there
is a chest
I guess that's an OK gun right I don't
know every guns an okay gun to me like
best gun in the game is literally just
an OK gun to because I use them please
leave me your best fortnight tips on
Twitter on Instagram in the comments
help me out here help a noob out
I'm not even a new player Kate so much
and I just but we are going to aim for
like 2 or 3 kills in this game okay so
we've been to a random house we're gonna
see if we can collect some more loot and
now I'm gonna see if you guys want me to
play aggressively or if you want me to
sit in a bush or make a tower or make
the tower would be fun it'll be cool we
got a portal Oh Jess ok this is a good
opportunity do you want me to play
aggressive and you want me to attack
everyone great ok let's do this oh my
god has two people for it should I let
them fight it out ok let them fight it
out
another nice one
okay we're back at it again deploying
downwards Can I grab that chest and then
go to a random house after you know what
I say this counts I could live on a
bridge if I wanted to
that was good loop okay Oh got the
scoped arrows what's my favorite gun
everyone hates it but I love that
probably one so bad hey I gotta kill
only actually really so screaming at
5:00 a.m. we have seven health we really
need to help up somehow you guys want me
to attack everyone I see this is gonna
be so hard how we go attack everyone I
see literally on ten how come when we
need to get show somewhere like the
world owes me a shield I already had my
slurp juice I'm really nervous so far
away I'm sorry to let you down and I'm
so far away from oh my god doesn't even
matter anyway so I'm not like hideouts
have to attack everyone
this really isn't that this isn't really
hard like this is so much harder than I
expected it to be someone's here clearly
this isn't working out so I'm gonna ask
you guys for an updated location to draw
and I'm gonna give you the option of
dusty Dever risky rose and moist Amaya
you've gone with you Maya whoa Morgana's
27,000 feet bosun's account should I buy
something would be angry if I buy
something I really like that but this
isn't my account so I feel like that
girl
okay so currently 60% if you want me to
drop at dusty differ so I guess that's
what we're doing and it's gonna be
really cool because we can use this like
the superpower stuff yeah okay we've got
some super powers we're gonna jump we're
gonna attack some bitches yeah usually
there's a chest in the back of this
truck you're gonna fit net it out of
there let's just go for the kill again
why don't no one
this seems a bit too lucky I feel like
I'm late ain't too much loot sigh wind I
don't know I feel like not enough people
like try to kill me I say that even
though I've died about six times in this
video let's go again this this is a
pretty crazy place
don't you have been inside handful and
now I think it is time to leave you guys
still want me to play aggressively I
still don't know if you want me to leave
the scar behind if I get it or not I'm
gonna do a poll now and ask if you want
me to go I guess I'm a crouched down
here and hide I'm gonna ask you guys you
think I should go to shorty Springs or
shifty shafts this video is literally
the best idea in the whole world like if
he's the best day I've ever come up with
watch this video do terrible and the
channels like ten thousand billion
subscribers stealer and then get 110
million views on okay so far you slides
that said you want me to go to Saudi
springs so let's go to sorties from
that's not where it is it's down that
can we say anyone why why have no one in
this game why'd I do that but I was in
here is literally cleared out the whole
house well that was actually kind of a
lucky destination because we're right by
where the next dorm thing is so I'm
probably gonna wait I can't make a base
oh this is getting really hard now
what I give up I give up it was a
different whatever okay guys well that
was literally quite possibly some of the
worst gameplay I've ever done in my
whole entire lives and somehow I managed
to make a video out of this I don't know
I challenge you to do this let your
followers kick your for tonight's game
it's a lot harder than it looks
if I was allowed to like tower up and
build up then I probably would have been
okay but you guys wanted me to attack
every single person I saw land in some
of the most populated areas or the least
populated areas which had literally no
Lou oh you guys are so sweet 91% of you
wanted me to keep my stuff if you
haven't followed me on Instagram or
Twitter yeah you can do that and you can
join now work the fun when there is more
fun even though it wasn't really cool
this fun it just caused frustration
leave me some tips down in the comments
how to get better at fortnight I don't
know maybe I'll make a video where I get
one of you guys to teach me they tuned
for my next video coming up way that you
guys control my life for 24 hours it's
gonna be hectic to say the very least I
hope you're having a great day I'm
clearly not and I'll see you in my next
video why did I have to do that
subscribe to Kiera Bridget or die it's
that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
