today I'm really scared you know I
haven't done anything crazy or
controversial in a while the last time I
did something pretty crazy or
controversial it got me quite a few
views you guys skimp like it's my school
you know what why nice point the idea
and do it again which ones like to
choose from one free merch pause cool
I'm a boss so get it not that kind of
hygiene is key but like I'm gonna become
a push okay okay so for the first
picture I need to collect some articles
of clothing right now we don't really
have time to do an online order or like
go outside but luckily enough Morgan has
a shop inside his house right so I'm
pretty sure this is where we're meant to
be I can see you I can see you're
clearly see you Morgan come on okay so
I've ever done in my whole life together
stays together
yeah we can see you know even in the
bush okay so let's get the face first
no look like this no like this do it
let's just more like this wave so much
more prettier than that do it no you're
not supposed to be sad about it it's a
bird Cara God let's just get it quick
then three two one snap hey there we go
we got it
hey dude Sam thank you for again just
interjecting interrupting your viewing
experience just for one second to save
this last night we hit 500k if you guys
fuck
a trillion of you have subscribed to me
and that breaks me out I would post my
reaction to it but you know yeah you
know me step through it so grateful yeah
I don't want to let you know you might
gonna know like you all don't care but I
just want to say thank you so much I've
never really had that many friends
I still don't but now I feel like I have
half a million friends we have grown
ridiculously far recently I don't even
know why Lee what am I even doing yeah
it just makes me so happy and you have
completed my life so much even though
I'm literally still a child and I hope
you all know that I'm always gonna be
there for you no matter what I guess so
much happiness out of like really like
helping you guys with your real life
situations and I taking about that in 10
years like you haven't escaped from like
the harsh reality that you may be facing
because that was me once YouTube is just
like doing this thing on camera just
like talking to her being weird that
always lifted me out such like dark
depressing stage in my life where I
didn't know what's going on that to
anything and I didn't think I was going
to do anything okay this is just a start
hit subscribe if you haven't already
because I want a quadruple billion that
number
I won't let be so many like that it's
just in comprehensible to me even though
this shit incomprehensible to me I don't
even know how to spell at work but no
matter how big this gets even though I
don't feel like you can even get any
bigger it's always gonna feel like a
really small little cute family and I
like that so yeah okay now watch the
video
hey sir next picture okay so I picked
this picture out and well as you guys
know I'm super incompetent and I just
don't know how to life so we have a
couple of issues with it
one this picture was taken outside and
two it was taken in the daytime well if
you haven't noticed I'm inside as usual
and it is nighttime and as you go I kind
of forgot it was that and as you may
know I am a great a pussy like I'm so
hungry and so thirsty right now but well
I guess not
well I my penis so if you think I'm
gonna go all the way outside into the
murderers territory nighttime where as
slenderman's and rapists I think not so
we're gonna improvise of carpet and wall
people may I mentioned that Morgan looks
really good in this picture like he's
facial expression just really clear and
you can just kind of see the details of
his face like you can tell it was take
them over really really really a high
quality camera I figured just got some
lip balm in - - yeah this is a picture
we don't even hold it in anymore I why
we create this number one because I'm
coughing his Instagram I'm not copying
him I'm just cheating and number two
because I want to make fun of him
because that's sort of pretentious like
who does that love you Morgan he's in
the other room he can definitely hear me
worth to him right now
so I searched the house for shoes and
the shoes in question that he took the
picture with are downstairs and like I
said the light from downstairs if you
think I'm going down there you're a
stupid boy so I'm gonna have to
improvise through some stuff that we've
got up here I've got some nice heels
they're actually really nice you know we
could definitely use them oh my god no I
have such a better idea yes what okay
and that is a picture what do you think
side by side I think it's pretty great
okay so moving on to the next picture
I'm gonna go take my clothes off because
where am I not doing that at least I'm
exploiting myself and not other people
before I do that I've got a follow me on
instagram if you do and if you go and
comment on one of my pictures that you
followed me on this video
I'm gonna be liking your pictures and
replying to loads of um DMing loads of
you so go spam me I like talking to you
guys cuz they don't have any other
friends I mean you're not my friends you
just kind of watch me and like pity
subscribe to me but like you make me
feel like I have friends why am I having
an existential depression talk right in
the middle of a coffee my boyfriend
dancing on video I feel like I'm about
to cry I'm really overwhelmed on my
period right now
why did I need to say that be right back
well this is in terms I'm you know
literally a free v1 right now enough to
think I'm gonna die hold on I'm gonna
forward all bandages bandages bandages
hold on bandages hold on hold on
bandages bandages bandages bandages or
bandage I'm a bandage I'm a bandage I'm
a bandage 2807
like ninja ninja I've got seven kills in
a game whoa excuse me we know your
weight listen to you laughing you're not
fooling anybody have to film a clip I
have to be you in the bed which means
I'll be terrible okay I'm done yeah how
do you do your pal what's just good yeah
my hands behind your head oh look my
name's Morgan I think my muscles are
Serbian actually really tiny
okay I'm showering with the towel was a
turtle my head the final picture we are
going to be recreating is you guessed it
the most controversial one yeah now like
I Loki if you haven't guessed already
don't have much shame and and what I
consider is not weird maybe just
completely off the radar of you normal
people's perception
acceptable before I reveal the pitch I'm
gonna get ready for it and see if you
guys can guess what I am about to do I
also have a Tom Morgan yet so let's
catch his reaction as well hey Morgan
hey hey you know how I'm doing that
video where we create your pictures yeah
well this is the next slide shows oh no
no no I think it's pretty cute I'm
scared of one Sam how weird is that
seven point eight so it's not a ten
which means we can do it 10 is like
Logan poor suicide video so we can do
this okay I'll see you in about 10
minutes
I'm gonna go and get ready and then
we're gonna do like the creepiest thing
ever okay
yes da da so I don't know if you guys
have figured out what the pitch is yeah
should we do a dramatic reveal yes
without pissing off my neighbor's again
three two one yay share the new boobies
Morgan are you proud of those did you go
them all yourself yeah big um yeah okay
I just I just want to sit in yeah oh I'm
sorry
so making me feel insecure doesn't want
to feel pretty like the rest of you it's
okay I know how it feels you know why
why oh god care subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die
it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
