oh wow I look rough okay so it's
ridiculously early right now meaning
it's half eight which is the normal time
that normal people wake up but not me
usually I just put on all night exciting
go to sleep until like 4:00 but I'm too
incompetent when traveling to do this on
no sleep
so I've woken up like an hour later than
I planned that I have so what should do
and I've to leave in like two hours but
I'm supposed to leave in like an hour
from now but I can't because they didn't
like I haven't eaten breakfast I haven't
worked out I don't work out I haven't
washed shaving my legs so that I become
soft like a seal is very important to me
I have not done that yet
oh I haven't decided what sweat and
that's important today and honestly
that's the summary of my life every
single day and so let's get working on
that list and also in that bag is the
gift that I got walk into boot camp you
know like cute and stuff i'ma show you
that in the bed stay tuned I'm gonna go
have a bath now she'll bring you with me
is that weird good morning morning say
thank you for following me on Instagram
goodbye whoopsie okay so I'm sitting in
a freezing cold bath try not to
hypothermia currently and I put these
bulbs off I put these highly fragile
bubble bar things in the bar to like
make more poppers and stuff I really
like the way this one smells but it kind
of makes the water look like pee which
is great because then I can pee in the
ball for normal no I'm kidding it's got
weird really fast I'll see you in a bit
and it's breakfast time
um you know what I think I'm gonna go
for a nice nutritional water today I've
had the calorie count and this is very
okay so I'm packing now they always
underestimate how long I'm gonna be
there for and I pack so little underwear
that I always end up having to buy some
well under which has led to me having
this drawer doesn't even shut so what we
are going to do can see yellow bra hi so
I'm currently in an Allison Lee
because I am too unstable and
incompetent to get public transport or
so last night I got a bus this woman
came on and just peed on florrum walked
off so I'm not doing that again
it's really weird the driver just had to
stop the petrol so the car could keep
driving and I think I might miss my
train
nice talking to you
so I'm outside the mix household and
pretty much I don't I can't remember if
I notices but Jill his mom is in on it
and there's rain on my camera you know
it kind of makes it a little bit less
weird I think and so I text her on the
way here and she was like he's asleep
like he's completely asleep which is
like - now he is usually still asleep or
- sometimes he's asleep awake sick and
he's a pretty deep seaport his bedrooms
up there
I'm feeling pretty insecure I decided
that I would use like a gradual fake
town on my legs and well they've just
kind of gone Orange
I think I look pretty cute this is an
outfit of the day I'm wearing my white
giuseppe's my frilly socks I think
they're so cute
this skirt that everyone gave him I
bought in so I'm gonna knock lightly
lightly she's gonna open and then go
surprise him
I'm not sure how I can surprises my
sleep person but we're gonna go and dry
okay Oh fun fact I also still have the
gift I need to surprise him with so
that's gonna be really cool I'm really
excited let's go meanwhile good god it's
nice to see you there's Morgan for the
sleep/wake Anna Smith oh I think so how
agency just came back and wait from - a
couple or I could come up and wake him
up and kind of ask him something sippy
sippy Candice
oh yes four realizes you there if he
doesn't lash out oh my god is so cute
Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan is
time to get up
do you want a drink Morgan
you want to break for smoothie anything
else
morgy come on darling
Morgan wake up anything else Walter just
Kyra want anything no I'm okay yeah just
carry once anything no I think you're
still dreaming by the way you want your
present are you gonna make to keep now
yeah you can please do you did and it's
got presents in that and one of them you
know about which and I know well it's
cool I'm but I'm one of them
I didn't actually buy it for you but
like Ike had it and I was like wait more
you would love that
I'm not gonna use it so firstly I got my
junk here shavax sorry
it was like around Christmas and we were
like shopping and Morgan found this and
he like really really loved it
I was 5 but you were beside but so I
found it online and it was on this wind
websites and they only had like four I
have one left literally like pretty cute
it's like a dress it's too late you're
done it now it's been in my house for
like pause the light returns it'll fit
me for I tried honest too big it was
like a boy thing son to care more givers
angry at me and he wouldn't speak to me
for the whole day because I was being
stupid boy okay and so I was like you
know what how do you how does an
emotionally incompetent person to give a
gesture of love towards someone they
sent them a potato in a box on you yeah
that's good they smell nice I don't like
this I don't wash my bike
what's now I'm a smell of sweat so have
you been vlogging this all day yeah how
did you guys easy come by chain yeah
what time is it what time yeah woah yeah
oh
function ever I think that was
successful kind of don't really
subscribe to Kiera Bridget or die it's
that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
he said
you
