hi and of going too far how are you guys
doing what's up what's coochie I'm kind
of whispering because it is kind of 1:00
a.m. and you know I kind of do have
neighbors I don't care about so I'm
gonna scream I'm not gonna do that
my mother will hit me on the subject of
my mother I'm just gonna dive straight
into today's video a lot of you guys
question me on Twitter on Instagram and
in the comments like you even have
parents you have never met a single
member of my family apart from my dog
who by the way just hit 10k on Instagram
every time someone irrelevant hates on
me I'm like you know my dog gets more
likes than useless
that's horrible what's wrong with me
just Germany a lot of you have questions
like Karen was you even first or did you
just appear on this earth a lot of you
have theories like I constructed myself
out of thin air and that's why I'm so
perfect and amazing good like a lot of
you think I am Jesus the literal child
of God because I don't really ever talk
about discuss or show you my family my
mother because that's kind of the only
family that I have and the dog people
either think out of the ground so I fall
a day why don't I introduce you to the
woman herself I thought hmm how could I
do this in a way that's killer like make
an impact and yeah wait no I hit her
back we're talking about my motherhood
oh god I just don't know when to stop do
I so I thought why don't I pull a
horrible prank on her and show you guys
her temperament the very first time I'm
gonna explain the package that I'm gonna
be carrying out on her it's really evil
and it's really horrible and it's gonna
make her upset and angry me but what a
better way to introduce you but before I
get into that guys we are so close to
500 K and I said if I hit 500 K I'm
gonna find a way and a will to tattoo my
own name on my body which makes me
really nervous and really actually quite
honestly thinking about that I have no
idea how I'm going to do that I'm
underage and underage tattooing is
illegal in this country and I'm not
about to break laws live on camera oh
it's so close well as a will there's a
way
please hit subscribe and
yeah okay so the practice that I'm going
to be doing on my poor unsuspecting
mother now I've been away from home a
lot recently I've just been like other
people doing stuff working on the
channel being one the grind I think
she's kind of getting the impression
that I'm gonna go away and Jeff why
they're just not gonna come back I'm not
gonna like die but I'm just like not
gonna come back and I think that's what
she thinks is gonna happen realistically
I'm Way too incompetent to live on my
own I don't know how to use a washing
machine I don't know how to use an oven
I don't know how to iron things and it's
good I don't know how to do these things
because I would literally burn a house
down and you know what you can't blame
me for not knowing this stuff it's
hurtful
for not teaching me this stuff so now
she deserves this in my brain I have
created fake dude called Jose it was
just the first name that came to my mind
I'm gonna tell her that he's my new
boyfriend and I'm moving out with him
she doesn't take things lightly she gets
angry at like most things I feel like
she's just all done with me by now
wishes that she could retract me back
into the woman on fertilizer cells and
just like live her life normally without
me terrorizing her but there you go if
you can't handle a child doing this and
wrap it up Oh puppy a stunt before you
hump therapy really protect your willy
don't be a fool cover your tools dog
these are just the context she knows
nothing about my life on the internet
like nothing she doesn't know how to Z
and so I think she might have Twitter
wife locked her like a very long time
ago she doesn't watch my videos because
I don't let her or see anything I do
otherwise she would have disowned me a
long time ago I promise that's good
okay so I'd say they come Rockets over
here in the corner
don't worry about it but oh god I'm not
good at my word
she's gone out to make tea or something
in the kitchen but she's gonna be back
any second now they're ready to me Tracy
later
proximately ten hours later the next Mel
are you talking about who I'm I told you
he's my new friend what am i no real
life but you know when I went away I
wait for we know you lose away I don't
get no son I've never had like six
months now I go to his house every week
yeah oh you do Maxine if like no fish
new fish wait wait please let us know
you just need some time
what I think because it's late and I'm
tired my watch Jason you're annoying
thank you how am i annoying you I'm
trying to preserve
anyway we've gone here you don't you
just know how to wipe your ass for
goodness I know meet someone randomly
and oh you're moving in with them
whatever right now you know what though
be an ax murderer but we have
I know the direction to walk here
electricity of all just him
are you really that stupid - I don't
really go up someone that stupid that
stupid that you meet somebody in a month
you trust them and then you think anyone
that you wanted me up killed Oh show me
a photo it's at you with him there his
house he wants me to move into girls
house and if you Betts family what I
know about any of this here up
I don't need to ask when you meet
somebody you should only say oh I met
somebody I don't know what to say cube
I'm just confused at the moment you need
six photo op slide slide sorry why is he
about to die you guys why are you
apologizing to men you know - he's
ignoring you
I swear on your life I'm not lying and
you want to move with somebody that you
don't know I can't move him you know its
background you know yeah just an uncle
that could be an uncle
that could be a partner in crime give
our video basically so what's happened
is he's like family's from Croatia well
harvest times from Croatia and has his
family's from Syria but he's that's like
that in theory right I should say yo
quiero no one one side of his family's
in Syria right now fighting or something
going to Syria
no no but he's but hos he's staying here
but neither you hop over the thumb it's
dangerous and he's firing what's him to
stay here because it's a so he wanted to
go to Syria at the moment but won't you
well you're dumb enough to meet someone
a woman in a month I want to move in
with them that's its to me you don't
have to sell yeah come on this book blog
sylia from all the time I'm just telling
you of these back your humor because I
don't know if you being that serious or
no he ran out and oh she's giving a guy
Derek - out - you should be mean to me
she doesn't accept me and my choice is
does she no she doesn't
you can come and live with me fine you
may not hear you cannot meet someday
yes it's called the stupid law a lot of
stupid people being can't stop me I'm
not going to stop you care if you really
want to go who's carrying a child
yeah but you always said you like to
support every tween a different stuff
and that was 19
oh here we just got listen I've got a
stinking headache and a fit up and
you're being so stupid
okay okay just get out get here because
you think it's funny
I think it's funny a guy thing you meet
someone you haven't told me anything
about okay no come on up
Sherlock where are you yo what you doin
Inc city nice
see how it's like to look after yourself
vampire thing I never want such a
polluted road and she's telling me just
keep me I'm different why are you
kicking me out for sea boys oh my god
right a bit about an hour an hour and
she's not happy but that was great
content
I can't imagine she's gonna speak to me
much in the morning oh by the way the
reason I clicked baited you and lured
her out was because number one she still
feels weird about the whole YouTube
thing she doesn't really understand it
and she thinks that people they care
enough to judge how I can assure you
they don't and number two I like the
mystery as having Kira's mystery mother
like that might not have even been my
mother this could have been an elaborate
setup and that was my dog I'm just
kidding my mother is not a dog I wish
she was though dogs are so much fun
everything's fun to dogs what but you
know what if you get me to 500k super
bad hit subscribe button get me to 200
count Instagram because I'm so close to
that then I can assure you a mother
reveal video will come in soon time that
didn't make any sense anyway I hope you
liked that video
she didn't please at leave dislike I
don't really know what stays out for
this part from subscribe
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
he said
