hi what's up Italian what scoochie
welcome back to a brand new video of
mine I've done like two of these in the
past now and you guys have absolutely
loved them the last one did absolute
blew up have both been pretty scandalous
but this one is just gonna blow all of
that out of the pond the pond of me not
being happy of myself and being deeply
insecure so I make myself look like
other people today I'm going to be
copying someone else's Instagram and you
guys you pretty much guessed it this
time I'm gonna be copying Tana mongooses
Instagram let me give you a little bit
of a history lesson me and tuna mongoose
we go way back in like 2015 when I was I
was like 14 or 15 I found her YouTube
and I was like whoa this is crazy I kind
of stopped watching YouTube that much
around that time because everyone was
always being like super PG I guess
that's what made you get really big she
just I had something really different
and I was like yo it fits me and it was
like really really cool for me to see
that and I was like I could try this
like there's clearly an audience of
people who like don't play by the rules
don't do what everyone else is doing and
actually like have a personality so it
starts a channel and a couple of months
later she's found me she picked me up
she adopted me which was super insane of
me for like going from like being
someone's like found to look at them to
be like yo I like you and I'm being like
oh and they're being that person's
friend crazy how things like a full
circle into light YouTube and now I'm
here in half a million subs later
subscribe okay making this video I'm
really happy I'm also a school dropout
so yeah contrary to popular belief
morgues didn't make me Tana Mongoose
made me today I'm going to meet my make
up become my maker and wear her clothes
let's go
before I actually like get into the
video I just I wanna remind you guys I
have a profile on the Apple 21 buttons
unlike me time is very trendy
fashionable ticks all the boxes for
being a doll so if you're interested in
any of the outfits that I wear in this
video go check my profile so on Twitter
one button you can look at mine and of
it influences looks and get directly
into the tags items of the clothes
they're wearing you can save items in
like wardrobe is a wardrobe
not like that wardrobe but like a
virtual wardrobe and you can use a
combined feature to combine like
different outfits and stuff it's not
only for uploading your own outfits but
you can use it to get style inspiration
which I need love they have not find
exclusive photos of other influencers
and me preferably me that aren't
uploaded on any other social media
network for all of you ballers on a
budget out there you can actually earn
money through the app so if you post a
picture of clothes that you like like my
merch for example and post a link to it
and someone buys it you can make money
from that I'm giving you a gift you can
download the app by clicking the link in
description and then go and follow me
I'm also holding a competition on 21
buttons where you can win a hundred
pounds for a sauce follow the rules in
my description if you want a chance of
winning that yeah that's super cool but
right now we're gonna get right into the
video and this is going to be so messy
okay good bye bye see you later be right
back what - the first picture we have to
try to recreate is this one I don't know
I'm holding with her and she's
definitely confident she is wearing some
green panties some white shoes a white
very revealing I had to put something
black underneath it because you could
see my whole entire nipples usually that
would be okay but I'm walking around the
house with my boyfriend's mother so that
was not okay and she also has a phone
and she has a bag I don't have the same
shoes I don't really have the same
panties I definitely didn't have the
same bag I haven't equally as expensive
sexy bag right here however it's
definitely hurt my bank and a lot more
than hers to buy that oh I also don't
have the $10,000 Cartier bracelet but
we'll just ignore that one I I just left
it at home you know what I mean yeah so
she's kind of in a very sassy pose I
really can't get the hang off on the
phone talking what do you think she's
saying like probably only $10,000 for
that brand deal double those figures
this I know I made a video slandering
VidCon they want to see
really they can't do that don't there
I'm not it's like it's too big it's too
big oh fuck over this is this is so
weird I actually think this is quite a
cute outfit it's not something that I
would normally wear but it's always good
to switch things up sometimes so yeah I
kind of like this 10 out of 10 would
recommend ow oh my god I wanted to do a
cool jumping off the bathroom where just
my hand the ceiling and I think I have a
concussion
okay guys what's up I'm back here what
about fit number two and a lot of winter
blah blah I see so many spiders in this
house I'm terrified of spiders and
there's everywhere in this house
kill yourself okay when I'm totally
paranoid about a really tiny non-harmful
creature devouring me let me show you
the outfit so I have this red bra I got
it's just pretty average you know it
holds them in place or there's much to
hold in place and then I have these red
panties they're the ugliest thing I've
ever seen in my whole entire life they
unbutton down the side why would anyone
want to see that part of your leg it's
like the least sexy part of your leg
whatever spider just moved and I just I
reared myself so next step is finding
someone take the picture with me I have
a red dress right here and then also
finding a rooftop to take the picture on
hey Morgan hey I need your help with
something ever worn a dress yeah well
you bout to do it again okay just okay
yeah oh just okay you're a party go with
it right so we don't exactly have a
penthouse in Dubai but you know what we
do have a rooftop in Sheffield it's
raining and I also I don't exactly have
an Instagram model to spare you know I
do have this obscure 16-yard youtuber in
the world mourns in a dress dress
so Morgan Morgan we have to recreate
this can you come down a bit more Oh
make me small I'm not sure but she's
very pretty and she has better bodies
than both of us put together
I'll don't squeeze my fat what do you
think you're thinking about I think I
think about Lester I think you're
thinking about motor 16 your duty
Antonia you gone you offended and with
that we're gonna get off the roof
because Morgan's neighbors hate us and
move on to the next outfit Pete active
troopers yo I'm in the outfit board the
next pic oh I'm in out of it for next
picture
however we have one problem this picture
in question again why am i showing you
you can't see this like weird graffiti
black wall behind it and when I bought
this I thought hmm actually no I didn't
think me anything
I didn't think because I don't have such
know of anywhere that looks remotely
like that also I don't really plan on
leaving the house so initially I thought
why don't I take a picture outside using
like the black darkness serious night
sky as a black backdrop Rafiki edit
doctor doc in the stars in the sky like
bitch and like slut and like home then I
remember oh yeah this world is full of
evil light pollution and we can't see
the stars anymore JK I don't really care
it's not that deep I've never tried to
look at the stars I'm a horrible person
I'm the reason the polar bears are dying
I'm sorry so then I remembered that we
have a green screen but when we bought
the green screen
I didn't think oh yeah I might need like
some kind of thing like a stand or like
a tripod to hold the green screen off so
we're gonna have to get a bit creative
with Morgan Morgan I need to destroy
your dignity again people become the
wall whoa thank you okay okay okay good
if you like you got I'd say literally
about 15 seconds before 15 14 13 12 11
10 this is terrible
I give up I want
hey guys ten among you
yeah there you go you know I wish you
look like Cara come on come on come on
come on all the way stop sucking in
okay so slight called them for the next
picture I may have gotten it and about
ten sizes too big I never thought I
would have to say considering I have
breasts the same size of a female and
one thing mean tuna Mongoose have in
very common is our love and adoration
for the up face tune so I guess I'm
going to take some pictures looking like
a mixture of an aunt an oil and then
just edit the balls out of them it isn't
meant to happen how do you feel bad why
why this just really isn't what is it
okay so the picture is her with a male
and the caption is we're just friends
just one of us and we also just friends
not even up we're enemies I hate you
okay so it was like no you gotta deal
with pretentious enough power boom oh he
special me so guys this has been the end
of the video today I empty
Hanan mongoose I don't know why I'm
looking in the other direction I guess
I'm just the dog please subscribe to my
channel if you haven't already you can
find my Instagram well my tongue looks
so pretty you can follow my Instagram if
you liked any of these looks and check
them all out over there it's actually
appreciative to s because someone stole
my name and also guys don't forget check
out my profile on 21 buttons and get
style inspiration from there you can see
all my outfits posts on there from now
on and don't forget to enter the
giveaway on my profile and I'm about to
fall off the table someone Rescue Me
Morgan Morgan Morgan okay thanks thanks
thanks giver
