hi also I'm Kira why did I say that
maybe don't know who I am
anyway today I'm going to show me a very
exciting videos for you today and that
is one kill equals one day yet again I
did this before you guys really loved
this so I thought yo why I'll do it
again
milk the idea rinse the views just to
make the update of an extreme twist and
that is where this guy comes in talking
to you sleep okay so in a second I'm
going to drag movie over there out of
bed he's not going to be very happy at
me I'm gonna get him to sit down here
and every single time he gets a kill I
have to do it there but if he dies he
has to do it there that's not my problem
as you can tell I've just woken up my
eyes they're that red because of sleep
not because of drugs
okay cool goggle that one look I haven't
given the greatest impression so far if
you haven't subscribe to my channel feel
free to go says get the subscribe button
hit that like button leave a comment I
haven't mentioned this in a while but
I'm still doing a giveaway of a gift
card of a hundred pounds I wanna join my
free move anywhere of your choice on
weight last so if you feel like entering
that subscribe leave a comment or should
be fine let's do this okay I'll be right
back okay so we're gonna jump right into
the game plan do you think we're gonna
get some kills so the target of hold on
how many does have you got in mind an
endless supply oh oh my girl Ferb oh my
god get at least three maybe maybe maybe
four I think four I'd be I'd be happy
with four not careful but the stakes are
high this time I don't know if you
realize because you were sleeping but if
you die you have to do it there well
that weren't in the contract I didn't
agree to that I don't agree I didn't
agree to that I don't agree to that
you wanna know what their it it's like
pre-decided no it's not because I don't
Rita you don't have my consent form you
have to get a chunk of ice I know you
take your class one and put it put it in
my mouth put it near your pee stick okay
uh it's been a good video guys ok I'm
going somewhere right now that I've
literally only have ever been here
before is what I tell person wha you
just like ran down
but uh I don't know he's gone now must
be these type of questions I don't have
a Sikh fire I know it boys and girls as
I said go flush Factory I literally I
don't think I've ever actually even been
here but I'm gonna give it a go
I'll see what we let's see what we can
do okay okay we've got a little we got
our pattern you sure you can hear
someone I don't hear anyone anymore no I
don't
baby's out hold on this definitely oh
you just like out what I don't die yo I
thought if you can let's get a replay on
that you can't just decide one that's a
replay well I have to edit yeah I don't
care
replay what you gonna have to I got the
watch time off okay
I'm right now you're just killing people
that's too baby you never kill people
laughter camera we're capturing the
important moments much faster for this
important much less sick this important
very important promise going down no
we've decided we've decided with all the
views of just like to get to get married
yeah just like tax purposes we also
don't know house that way we're also in
love with Morgan's pregnant oh my god
well you better get married oh you're
pregnant I think so you're confused with
it but though we're getting your dog
together okay also moving up you vows it
was gonna look after you and you can't
do anything both of your dogs not me to
the people that cameras like oh we're
keeping Bruno's no you can take in and
we're you can have that one so this is
my bruno semana really great among yoga
movement you got you've got your full
name you go care you'll come with moving
come on you're good with me we stay
together don't wait how do you feel
about this what can move our brilliant
and yeah where you go back to my old
house out with brunette so you know
you're okay would like because with
under aging everything yeah we need like
your permission yeah you can do it
see maybe you can assign the forces yeah
disgusting that reminds me
poor ghost um I'd like to tell you
something
welcome news guys again married I'm
moving out to my own house with Bruno
put loot on him push it in push it no in
push it in that's it are you going
boys and girls nice two kills already
not sure this the best do you know you
can't you can't refer to them as boys
and girls this isn't team multi to the
Bridget spinners you must call them by
their name Bridget spinners that is two
kills already your boy is kind of
low-key on fire right now I say I'm not
really there boy am i okay basically
what I'm gonna do I think I've killed
everybody and push off for God's sake
and they have killed everyone in flush
Factory so imma change up to the roof
and scout the area because you know it's
always important to know your
surroundings
I can't you today the eye is on us which
is actually nice for a change when is
the I ever on flesh factory oh my
goodness this is like one of the first
times I've actually got oh that is so
cool I think this is it's just a grenade
launcher book for Easter with eggs I
like thank you I like eggs
I gotta get a kill of it now alright
imagine dying because of a hairy dying
by eggs can you for exit me for one of
those
no that was lucky I've got seven health
that's the third death um Mugen well
then you actually pregnant if what
though just a joke
what is that why I'm not fro the Mon yup
no mm-hmm no we don't do that
mm-hmm we don't do that now to explain
what you do I guess the rest of its just
kind of self-explanatory this is really
crazy yo okay so that was actually I was
quite bad by managed to get away with
that I gotta trap us basically the
loadouts looking pretty good hopefully I
won't die now got free kills one more is
why aimed for I think I am for free kill
that chili for oh god okay put more
pressure on me why don't ya I'm really
like shook right now I feel that you're
gonna die soon because a phase with
Morgan he's alright a fortnight but a
second he starts recording it he just
gets really bad yeah I've been doing
okay so far but that's know someone
someone's Dobby there all right motion i
motion I'm a motion I'm rushed you know
oh the momentum is on my side but I'm
scared
Oh kill him kill him
I got like 150 on it Oh Morgan are you
ready for your pee-pee stick to become a
person understand hold on sir I know you
guys on fortnight wizards spiders got a
holy respectful I got 150 on him and
then he just hit me with like one shot
and just took 75 off me interesting
that's really interesting
I'm not doing the dough mix yeah are you
ready no too bad no the fries is there
by they're both looking my fault they're
comforting you because I know it was
looking I've got the ice the big chunk
so I've got to put all the bananas on
the banana yeah cute feeling oh yeah
okay movie that doesn't count go back
well then you know make him come back I
just don't know what's going on I'm just
trying to be sensible I keep on keeping
out of this
it was not a point you pussy
okay you ready I'm ready oh it must be
torture
this is gone don't pull that back in the
freezer
they're looking that's disgusting
okay oh come one never what's the play
for it my ever again you know what you
can you can find a new guy for these
spotlight videos I'm out you have a
friend you have a hotter friend give a
firm have more subs Congrats on free
milk led the way Gemma from before mail
that was really exciting and horrifying
and just generally a mixture of emotions
this has been a very exciting video
please leave a like and leave a comment
you have any big say it gets better
little guys subscribe to my channel
because I don't really have that many
subscribers and I kind of want some more
thanks for subscribing to me I guess um
what other things you YouTube people say
you're better than me top marks much
let's not do that okay goodbye
