hi you know what this isn't as funny as
I thought it was gonna be hi what's up
was hanging etc.etc
insert intro okay next step how are we
doing fucking dreadful so today we're
gonna do something totally crazy and
totally wild and something that actually
isn't really that crazy the previous
video I made like this where I called me
Iggy azalea's Instagram for a week which
I could have potentially gotten sued for
because she did try to do that once
already this one I can't get sued for
unless we break up today I'm going to be
copying my boyfriend's Instagram and
before I get into them I know it's not
what you signed up for I know that you
didn't sign up for some we're actually
expressing their feelings but oh my god
we just hit four hundred thousand
subscribers I tweeted and I said that
when I hit 500k I'm gonna get my own
name tattooed on my body I'm still 17 so
I might have to go to a different
country so that could be one interesting
video why might strangling myself hit
subscribe because I have no self respect
as far as a thank you so much that's
really insane I never even thought I'd
get like ten subscribers and the fact
we're literally on a roll like all of
our videos recently you're getting like
over half a million views and there's
less than half a million if you hear
it's really spooning me out and I feel a
bit like weird about it cuz like I've
never had many friends and now I have
like a lot of friends I don't even have
to do the whole human interaction thing
whatever that's all I ever really wanted
in life but wait one more thing I'm
still doing that hundred pound gift card
giveaway
I sound like Duff wanna join my free
gift card giveaway subscribe to my
channel like the video and turn
notifications on and finally tell me in
the comment section below me and this
boy right here you may know him from
such badasses
my toes are stuck together filling the
bathtub with a miscellaneous object
stealing my mom's money yes he has at
times a very questionable fashion sense
I decided
yo so do I why don't I copy it all the
exercise I need to do for about a week
is still asleep I haven't asked him if I
can do this so I might get broken up
with us go let's
now asking to help me film is because I
need someone for camera he couldn't even
say no and you're never gonna see in
this video
okay let's go good morning mix yeah I
only I need your help I need you to help
me pretend to be you he does this thing
in the morning where if you talk to him
he'll like try and speak to you back but
the work like won't come out properly so
he just does a really random stuff
hey Morgan and filming a cooking video
taught me to make him salad what kind of
salad you like okay so for this video I
have to collect pictures from his
Instagram while on his Instagram I
noticed if you have more followers for
me to UM please go follow me on
instagram at your arms right here so
that I can get more followers and
sleeping mix oh yeah I have the close up
so I have just raided Morgan's wardrobe
without his permission and I have
acquired outfit number one see I just
realized that with all of this we might
encounter a slight problem with the
other video that I did previously I
could order every single outfit in my
size Morgan's six for free this might
cause a slight problem this is gonna be
interesting so I'm gonna put the outfit
on put it on my body and put on a couple
of pounds I guess item number one what
do you think I know so now I'm gonna go
outside and hose like I need to poop on
the floor here are the shoes they're
very nice these are rare bottom decent
bloody shoes these are very nice shoes
one problem though besides 11 or 12 I'm
a size 5 and all of you people who are
gonna be like Kara why you being so
cheap buy this stuff in your own size
and then take the picture and then you
won't look stupid
these are a thousand pounds I'm not
gonna make these shoes back on this
video I was with him when he bought
these and wow it just it just hurt me
I'm definitely gonna fall
and I just uh yeah that's up okay so oh
my god I can't I feel like I've wait to
touch to my feet okay so now we're gonna
go out yonder and take a pooping pic on
the floor let's go true troopers Morgan
actually had someone help him take these
pictures
Jill is out doing like adult people
things and Morgan is asleep so I have to
do is myself somehow
everyone can how does he do this how
does he have such strong knees we may or
may not have gotten a picture out of
that but if I do that one more time my
knees are gonna break I copy my
boyfriend it's gone for a week and I
broke my knees not like that no one's
gonna watch that okay goodbye
that was really slow okay what's up so
if you haven't noticed um I'm wearing my
own much that is because Morgan over
that he threw away the footage from the
picture in the picture in question there
are dogs so I'm gonna need you to help
me get the dogs and put them here on the
Sun Hey okay okay here we have the dogs
this one's kind of blending into me and
this one you're a funny little guy but
you make me sneeze don't you we kiss oh
nice lipstick you have on me though
do you wink about him
and he's gone
so guys the next outfit is I don't know
because I'm a dog okay goodbye
okay so may go the next picture is this
one which is you with a dog again
so I'm gonna need your help collecting
the dog which is already proven to be
hard enough putting you in a bag and
then putting the back on me no I mean
yes okay that's good
are you excited about this one he looks
terrified we're gonna put you in a bag
later hello young chap I need an excuse
me we don't allow opponent merchandise
in this shop what we're gonna have to
take that off that was a leap I need a
bag Hey we have one of my finest gold
mgz pies these aren't even available
anymore
the saw charge you the low low price of
okay that makes a lot of sense it's not
fair dog in out yes
that's great I'll take ten excuse me we
don't accept real cash I only accept
this money
oh that's crazy business well II to
thank you I'm gonna go and kill the dog
now okay so the next task is going to be
getting a living animal inside of a bag
I think I need to do is you need to get
the bag on first oh no dude boo boo
singers singing a song
he doesn't seem to mind okay
no animals were harmed in the making of
this puzzle you're fine aren't you you
still love me you like to have a good
time you like to chill with brewing on
the weekends and you know take shots and
drink mojitos and you always looks like
that
I love you okay goodbye hug I just
needed some time away from everything
that he went and sat in a bush he likes
it there that position he'd pay for not
like you oh but this is outfit number
four the second to last and it is quite
possibly the most stupid and it kind of
makes me little bit chubby it's like you
live in this like stretched out yeah
this is a very interesting outfit a
little bit most expensive we have so far
should we do a front down yeah no on the
feet we'll start down there we have
these beautiful blue shoes these were
how much were they like I don't want to
talk about it they're like 20 pounds we
have this back like a Christmas present
thank you I kind of liked it when you
got it but now I just kind of hate it it
just makes you right a little bit like a
road man okay I don't know why you don't
go outside
next up we have this coat I actually
really liked it it kind of fits me it's
like yoga pants we have this scarf
how's 150 I really really like
no let me call take you just once every
once doesn't go taking you you don't
even let me anyway and finally we have
this hope it's from off grade it's very
nice I really like the fabric of this it
has some writing on it it says mirror
mirror on the wall who's the greatest of
them all I wasn't coping the bag my hand
was just in my pocket yeah okay I think
we're good the final picture is one of
us together
okay so let's do it them okay let me
just wear my clothes what was that like
why like that why don't why why not
for the record this literally isn't here
in a bra it's just a cushion I've never
felt this before and okay in the picture
you had your arm around me oh you have
your arm around me yeah you're me the
squish your boobs together because that
wouldn't make you truly embody me
it's just insulting shit we got one I
think we need to just I have so many sob
to the big house my boobs are really big
okay
they've been growing okay goodbye okay
so I discovered this picture Morgan as
you can see he is an achy boy I mean I
guess there's only one thing we've got
to do okay so I am in fact in front of
the mirror kind of nakey right now don't
think this is a bit too far like too far
yeah there is no chair far there is
definitely too far that's stop I think
what we'll establish here is that I make
about a you the new
your boobs are in fact bigger leave a
comment down below whose pictures you
like more and if you don't see me I'm
gonna come to your house I'm going to
find you leave a like leave a comment
and please subscribe to my channel and
then I will make a new video and that
I'll make a new video just don't if they
don't subscribe they're just gonna quit
well guys I hope you enjoyed this video
yeah thank you guys bye
