yo what's up what's hanging I'm outside
it's scary
day I am a dinosaur I dunno I was just
feeling pretty wild you hate me don't
you you want to go inside too bad we're
just gonna do some crazy things today I
don't know I just felt like being a
crazy chick but you know jump off some
things you're gonna wreck some things
and we're not gonna do any of that go
back inside
yeah
so today we're going to be playing a
game of truth or dare but without the
truth and replacing the truth with guns
not quite we're gonna be saying
fortnight but I hope we'll be playing it
because I'm terrible at it I've
recruited me here to play for tonight
for me even though he is not really much
better every time he gets a kill which
is not likely to this video might never
be uploaded I have to do something crazy
you guys gave me some dens me scare me
some death I gave me some deaths and
every time mate over here gets Ronquillo
I'm gonna do one of them and hopefully
not die no promises though we saw it
good this for me if I die yeah let's go
true troopers mix yeah are you nervous
no I'm a fortnight master well you
should be aggressive and you're dead
don't forget that giveaway I'm doing 100
pounds or we get foutre
of your choice to enter it follow the
steps in description and in the pin :
okay we're on the boss of the battle
with zooming through the sky I've ran
out of things to commentate with more
about eight seconds it oh well I'm gonna
go tilted obviously really yeah why
that's what I do wrong no it's not you
never do that I always go talk to it
because as you know the buzz okay
haunted hills whoa what's that
nothing I've never heard of that place
my life okay tilted tower okay see we've
got a lot of enemies coming in right now
this is no joke this is a serious moment
go to the building that one oh shoot
like fat mobs but it's not for me it's
like you're fat morphs was a shield
apart from fat monks didn't have any
special abilities apart from being fat
oh great that was just one kill that I
got I got one kill for that for some
reason here if you listen to everything
you nipples are the same color as your
body you know what you have to say
there's probably gonna be people
everywhere I'm gonna go out into the
battlefield okay okay okay we're on the
chest on this chest
we found the chest okay you know what
I'm gonna fight shield boys and girls
okay I'm gonna just leave I'm gonna just
leave I think there's people behind me
oh is our chest oh that's terrible
although I'm Kara I'm 24 I was playing
for nine oh that stinks sure I was
playing for tonight I was a fortnight
for you can't leave raging over a twit
don't spray me stop it if you need to go
to see like a colonoscopy lips Joe
Carroll already fought for people laughs
how's that make you feel oh my god Molly
over there why we guess everybody's live
we got blue eye are what we say and what
we say we're saying it looks quite clear
well because you farted you're the the
eyes coming in pretty so oh we got a
chance we got a chest
oh my god weaving any words look in
these chests I am not having any ever
but we keep farting thighs are not
respect when you can away from me no
stop stop
so the guys they got this guy I must
make up I'm not mistaken fuck it I'm
sneak attacking I think I can watch this
this is some serious
okay Morgan you're very excited about
this one I see yeah I'm giving you the
ability anything I want yeah my as dirty
as possible but anyone as putridness
harming as horrible as anything no like
you know like bond fence or anything
like that
okay give me the phone sister okay Winky
here we go oh my god I feel like
whatever you tweet no one's really gonna
be fazed by it because like I literally
tweeted the other day are you ever in
the mood just like get something sharp
and a piece of wood just like Carver
like you ever just in the mood for
carving something I generally treat to
that and their forms like okay like I'm
not even scared because I don't even
like I think generally people would just
think it's me just like having one of my
special days I honestly can't believe
I'm saying this but Meg's new merch is
actually so good long no wonder he sells
20 times more than me a month 20 times
in a barren stretch actually is it okay
oh the other day we got a debt we got a
debt we got a dip I'm just getting
through okay this guy that is like
Tillery to me he's gone Oh sugar okay
this guy's everywhere okay okay okay I'm
gonna leave this place right now because
whenever I'm on roofs I already get shot
what we're saying what were saying what
you're saying no but yeah well I'm not
I'm concentrating hard this is for nice
isn't it canticle no I literally cost
and on anywhere
yeah they can smell you though they know
how to import that 101 far on everyone
well you realize odd you literally do in
life is by announcing fun okay here we
go Julio Julio here we go here we go
come on I'm waiting for and waiting for
him I'm waiting for him I've got this
guy I've got this guy
oh come on Morgan what the flood be
doing farm was terrible okay he's in the
window he's in the pub he knows what I
mean oh sorry I mean as I have much I'll
put my head out
three kills another da okay so for five
seconds
yeah okay yo why did you disappear
no no literally you know he's like no no
I don't know literally he was just the
part of the foot that he disappeared as
he built some there's a boss me my gosh
come from what I knew I mean I'm kind of
a new book yellow for girls go outside
thank you I I have no shame I'm gonna
take this he left but um just pushing it
a little bit more big remote right yeah
because I'm famous haven't got a house
out of the way of everything's I'm so
famous I'm original famous
are you ready yes are you ready yes
boom don't look at me for a while okay
look
Wow well that was a cool thing is I'm in
quite a little positioner there's only
13 other people hold on whoa what what I
was hoping my guns around here I was
genuinely in the menu screen swapping my
guns around here I was in the menu
squeeze it's not Joe I just died okay
then that was the worst experience of my
life
did you have fun because I sure did it
okay so this has been an interesting
video I don't even really know what to
say about it apart from you should
subscribe to me and on my channel by
pressing that button that's down there
somewhere and also liking the video and
also leaving a comment about something
else I don't that like I think here oh
you've been terrible bye
