okay hi what's up was hanging moss
coochie and today I am bringing you a
different type of video because this is
just too insane literally this is just
such a situation I'm gonna tell you a
story about a neighbor of mine this is
something that's happened a long time
ago and is still continuing and you may
be thinking Kiera Wow you you must be
making this now like he must have moved
away assassinated arrested but oh no
he's still he still lives in very close
proximity to me and that's terrifying
am I still making the video yes because
Lisa V sees this he might stop but at
the same time he seems like the kind of
guy who likes the attention and I also
don't ever leave my house so I don't
have to worry about running into him
anymore let's just get into it
Wow I first started youtube I told this
story at this thing that was happening
at the time and still continuing however
it has now progressed and escalated into
something much worse when I told it at
the time it was like a - story that I
kind of like it's a dread start
proportion but like now it's really
blown up if you haven't seen the
original it doesn't even matter because
there's nothing even really happened
dinner yeah my mom live in this house on
our own with the dog show look you can
follow on Instagram right here he hasn't
followers new anyway there's this dude
and he lives on the road and I just
always gotten kind of like a weird
feeling about him
it wasn't anything too bad like my mom
she was kind of like alright with him
like they were neighborly to each other
they should talk about like neighborhood
things and I don't things and like kind
of normal used to coat grass it's
general stuff like that I don't
understand until she realized that he's
kind of like friendship with her I was
getting a bit obsessive now bear in mind
this dude married and like 70 but he
thought like an old like been overly
wheelchair 70 year old he's like in an
athletic 70 year old so that makes it
all the more scary because he is capable
of carrying and swinging a beheading axe
or some type of weapon of human
destruction and and that's the thing
scares me if he was like bent over and
pretty much on his deathbed and had they
little scabs all over his body like from
old people I wouldn't be too concerned
or like I'm concerned she noticed their
friendship was getting a little bit too
close they would never like going
Chavez houses and speak to each other
but like whenever they were both outside
in the front gardens at the same time
him my mum would have conversations with
each other just like about out facing
the neighborhood Lee oh well she started
to notice that whenever she'd go outside
even if it was just like for one minute
just to go and get something out the car
to depth in that he'd like rush out the
towels and try and stop conversation
with her and at first she didn't really
take much notice of it she must've
thought like oh he's probably lonely
he's wife's probably old doesn't pop out
that much anymore you know what I mean
he just needs a pal but then it got
creepy it escalated to the point where
she is almost 100% certain I was in
there at the time but she is almost 100
eighty nine percent certain that he took
a picture of her breast ecause boobs she
was in the front garden like bent down
getting on our doorstep stroking my dog
and it was a summer and everyone was
outside and everyone was like she was
just like gardening and just like
stroking the dog and stuff and I love a
neighbor who's like in the house
attached next to us was just there as
well talking to her and they were just
like chill and like me I don't like
drinking wine I think was the names like
at 10 a.m. and he all of sudden he just
comes over he just said oh hi how are
you doing what's up okay good that she
room aids now you just like start
talking about the dog at the garden and
all of a sudden he whips out his little
phone and she hears a camera shot ago
and she says at this point she was bent
over she had that confessed on you know
it's like the slutty things that I went
all my videos Lee get my boots on phone
oh yeah she's wearing one of them she
was bent over so you know things were
visible and do stroking dog and she
thought did you take bitch with me he
was like oh no I was just I was just I
was just and then Scott told away he
didn't even have an explanation he's
just like and then just like Scott all
the way to his house and my other
neighbor who was like with her at the
time tried to convince my mother eita to
a picture of your titties
he just full-on took a picture of your
breasts cool this makes sense yeah so
this is like where it got kind of wild
the crazy part is that he didn't learn
from that and he did it again she was
just talking to him and all of a sudden
he just whips out his phone and takes a
picture and it makes the camera shutter
sound like dude it's a really cute guy
in public and you get a picture and then
you realize the flash is on they like he
just like wasn't learning and he was
just so brazen and that's what's scary
about it
he's just not trying to hide the fact
he's doing weird creepy things like this
my mother she's quite the bad bitch like
she doesn't really take anyone's
misbehavior including mine and so she
can practically yo you just took a
picture of me family she didn't say it
quite like that but he was a oh no I
didn't and she starts screaming him and
then he scuttled off his house again
they're not talking at this point and
I've had a couple of arguments about
various different stuff because he was
just being a general creep like their
friendship gone okay so now I can't
describe his house to you so that you
understand like why this is weird
ever since the whole stalking thing and
him like leaving his house just like
watch I'll talk to her happen you make
some modifications to his windows being
okay I'm your drawer is a window a
standard typical window normal people
they'll have some blinds maybe they'll
have some curtain it's dude you have the
blind and it comes down to like here and
then he has a pole here and from that
pole hangs a blanket and then to make it
weirder there are curtains here and then
I'm not a blind that causes the whole
thing leaving the only space you can see
from I understand that this makes no
sense
it looks like an anus okay so that's
important because that's his peephole
that's what he sees out of and you may
be thinking Kira maybe he just likes his
privacy but it's literally only on one
window out before front placing windows
of his house it's one window the window
that he has been caught with staring
from many times and that window is just
always shut unless we have left the
house if we go outside in the car to
drive someone he'll open the window here
I say to hear what we're talking about
to hear where we going it's just it's
bra stop I thought my mother was being
paranoid for the longest time I was like
no one cares about you that much not
Justin Bieber she proved something to me
she says okay he never opens a window
unless we go out so he can hear what
we're saying she said we're gonna go out
come back inside and I need you to run
to our winner and our house look over
his window and watch him shot it leave
our house his window and open we come
back his window is still open she
lingers a little while while I come
inside go to my living room window look
his window and then she shut the front
door comes inside and a second she does
that he's a little creepy baby old
person arm stretches out cuts it and he
sounds a lot of I get that you're
obsessive but what do you even get out
of hearing someone's car door shut and
then just broom off into the distance
like this he just like get off to that
and so many times we've seen that the
reflection of his glasses off in his
window it's like watching and it's so
weird it gets worse it do creepy things
like so before I can I dropped out of
school and one would leave at a certain
time every single day to pick me up and
at that exact time every single day he'd
leave and walk and just walk to local
shop or something and we thought okay
maybe it's just coincidence like it's a
popular time for people to start their
day he changed the time that we
regularly leave like 20 minutes before
and we started doing that for a week he
also adjusted his schedule to that I
decided you know what there's no need
for me to really be going into school
early anymore away there were very
last-minute
half-ape what I need to be in there I
don't like that place anymore
evil Satan and she goes ah alright okay
we'll leave a half a instead of half
seven already thinking about him we
leave at halfway and he woke everytime
with leaves he would also leave no
matter what time it was and we change
our leaving time so often just to be
sure what I just don't get what he gets
out of just like slightly watching me
for 30 seconds it's weird I'm just
getting so heated and you know what
bothers me the most it's like I'm
telling you all of this stuff like had
it happened but as this stuff was
happening I didn't believe that I was
just so naive I was like there's no way
there's some dude stalking us and my mom
was trying to convince like Keira fam
yeah there is he's not being harmful if
that be he's so brazen it kind of scares
me like yeah you're definitely gonna
come to my house one night for machete
and I'm gonna see you standing with my
bad name she's gonna impale me with it
aren't you yes you probably up that's
what scares me and if I randomly get
stopped on that you know who is and I'm
mostly making this video if you see this
please stop like personally I don't
really care it would be really great if
you didn't stab me like I've got a lot
of life to live but oh you need to like
stop just for me to shot my mother up
about this because it's so annoying we
haven't even got to the weirdest bit
yeah and it's not
just Austin is happening to there's some
really creepy creepy stories from other
neighbors that we've heard as well you
just want to stay why is this happening
hey hey we're just gonna have to look at
that okay wait here's one of the
weirdest ones yeah my next-door neighbor
has been purposely growing his bush and
that sounds terrible so I'm almost like
to my neighbor yo can you just like grow
your hedge that you have in front of
your house a little bit higher up that
this dude can't let you watch over into
our garden anymore this creepy stalker
dude from over the road comes over and
said to my next door neighbor who he has
no friendship worth so when you're gonna
cut this down you cannot control other
people's hedges like it wasn't even that
you noticeably much bigger it's just
like oh you can't watch over into our
garden anymore BQ no I mean like no one
else would have noticed do someone
explain that him and my mom go it's this
massive fight because like she finally
confronted him about being kind of
pervert and you just sort of like didn't
even deny he just sort of like did that
it was really weird so they didn't speak
at all it's Christmas time and this guy
he's obviously not gonna give us a
Christmas card because my mother
literally made it clear to him and she
absolutely despises him and she doesn't
want him to come anywhere near her ever
again we get a card through the door and
we open it and it's from him is it to us
no it's to a different neighbor and you
may be thinking whoa Kari he just got
confused I don't see how he could get
confused like this dudes lived there for
like 20 years he knows her neighbor he
knows who lips were and there's no way
he'd even come near to my house of
everything that happened it wasn't a
mix-up it's not like he gave someone
else a card that was meant for us
because he didn't write one for us and
it was literally just an opportunity for
him to like come near the house and I
just find that so creepy and that just
makes me feel uncomfortable like I had
to sanitize my hands after touching that
card okay so the neighbors where I live
they kind of all talk to each other he's
like back garden is connected to a bunch
of other people's back gardens as well
like ffensive you know I mean one day
one neighbor whose garden is like icing
onto his was looking out the kitchen
window and all of a sudden they see his
head come over the fence and it's like a
six-foot fence we must have been on a
ladder and he was just staring into
someone else's kitchen window like a
young females kitchen window that's what
realize it's not just us what do you
even do about that that yo dude stop
staring but at the same time you don't
want to like mess with people like that
because like they're the kind of people
that's gonna like turn around and like
whip an AKA out I'm just like you're
dead I hope he doesn't see this video at
the same time like yo what is your
problem
can you please stop stalking people and
being a freak because it's really
bothering my mother and when my mom was
bothered you know what she bothers me do
me a solid stalk someone else for a
little while actually for a long while
or you could just move to a different
planet that would be ideal there is a
planet I think it's called Mars there is
no oxygen there try - really getting on
my nerves asset really that's all that's
happened so far he hasn't really stopped
but he's eased off like he goes through
phases of it maybe you just got bored
let me know if you've had any weird
creepy experiences like this in the past
all right now I'm feeling super spooned
out right now I don't know I feel like
it's kind of calmed down but you know
what I'll say okay goodbye
