oh I didn't see you that good morning
vlog just kidding good morning I'm
really not gonna short I might better
good morning bug I'm really not this
happy on the inside before I get out of
the way because that's kind of what this
video is about I've been awake since
about 4:00 I am because I some strange
reason and want to put its hem last
night which totally mess up my body
clock but this isn't about my sleep
schedule beings have been like brewing
in my mind I've been so desperate it's
like getting them out of my mind I feel
like that episode of Spongebob where his
brain just has like a complete meltdown
but I have to kind of wait for it to be
an acceptable time to start screaming at
a camera so good morning my neighbors
hate me here's the deal I'm having a
mental breakdown this is probably the
I'm gonna say it's the fifth mental
breakdown we've had in the space about a
year and that is really concerning no
one should be having that many mental
breakdowns honestly it is because I I
can top my emotions I'm not a very
emotional person I'm not the kind of
person to be like like I feel like most
girls are very in tune of their feelings
like they can sit down with a girlfriend
and have a cute sleepover and be like oh
my god girlfriend I totally get you I
mean I love you so much yeah dump your
boyfriend and we can just be like
lesbian best friends together yes sister
and like that's how normal girls speak
to each other but sorry sister I've
always been very uncomfortable with
closeness and emotions and feelings in
my heart a actually even haha that's
just my breasts which that kind of all
built up inside and then leads to me
having six thousand mental breakdowns
okay so the past a year and a half I've
shared my life with you guys my my very
non-existent life I have been sharing
with you guys this is how I started with
YouTube just like talking because I
didn't have any friends I'm gonna take
you for a little day of my life talk
about the reasons why I'm having a
mental breakdown they start not so
serious and then they get like a little
bit more like a low-key deep yeah but
it's like not a big video just like yeah
I'm gonna take you through us reason I'm
having a mental breakdown
this one isn't SD like I've been
googling it and apparently this is like
something that can just drive people
insane and I think that's happening
mm-hmm I'm going insane my room my
room's kind of messy recently it's gone
a little bit of control I've been trying
decorate my room and like change it
around and they make it like artsy and
like this isn't a descriptive word but
that process I'm just not good at
continuing projects like I start thing
that he extracted and then things get
half done then they look terrible I was
like buying things I'm so incompetent I
just don't know how to clean my mother
she's a great you know she
means everything but don't even think
she knows Huck the oldest of the first
time ever I'm gonna take you on a room
tour yeah close your eyes
this bit okay oh I get enough questions
like why Terris knock on your door
that's because this door was just
installed really badly around when the
wind blows it makes the door do this and
the salt kind of stops it from sounding
like my house is possessed by even which
is anyway by the door okay well straight
away chaos okay that's just not do this
let's just go back outside it don't last
week I put these things try to show you
for what yes yes sister yes okay back
should I put it back should I yes fine
wait no that I'm just some general stuff
I never used by keep because it makes me
feel more feminine and then oh my god
this is so cool it slides on top of that
and you can like this is just some
general man that's a tripod that's where
I can we go see you just like this
that's know that should guitar I haven't
played in about a year because I'm not
very good at it and I don't like doing
things I'm not good okay the piano again
I haven't played in about a year but
that's dusty because again I'm not very
good at it and I don't like doing things
I'm not good at this however this is my
untuned baby I haven't shown you this
next thing since I had like 200
subscribers my cactus collection I
figured having a fake one would be good
open the blinds so you can see more
detail on my face this is a little sign
I keep my window ledge I don't know why
all you need is love and the sunset
this completely goes against everything
I just told you about me not being cute
like I bought that to impress some artsy
guy that I used to kind of like whatever
okay this is Morgan got me this for
Christmas he got me a big box of white
company like Hotel kind of soap I have
this thing for like a hotel so if you
never go to a hotel I still so
moisturize my hands with it loose grip
as my camera I'm a vulgar dude here's a
Pokemon card I know nothing about well
this is my favorite things the only
thing it's stuff in that's where I hide
my drugs like I don't do drugs actually
everyone thinks I do drugs I get so many
comments like is she on crack and I'm
not I think I'd remember if I did crack
I'm definitely the kind of person to
like smoke weed and then die yeah I
don't mean Eva where are my goggles okay
that's my bedside table that's just not
even going there I've just noticed
something I'm kind of concerned about
don't want to tell me why it looks like
my booth is about to crack off let's
ignore that this pile is literally a
pile of stuff that is being thrown away
okay whatever I just like having a lot
of stuff and I just feel like I'm in too
much of a small space contain all of the
stuff I born contrary to popular belief
I'm not a hoarder I just like things
like I don't get emotionally attached to
stuff I just like things I really need
to learn how to drive everyone says
carry out you can't learn how to drive
because like everyone for some reason is
refusing it's like get in a car with me
burn burn my leg I don't I don't know
how to do that public transport scares
me because people at one time I was on a
bus and this woman just like on the
floor because I don't know I just feel
so like I like being inside I'm London's
bad for that there isn't that many
inside spaces that are big unless you're
a billion which I'm not but you can make
me by hitting that subscribe button down
below I'm about to get changed but I
just realized I can see my opposite
neighbor in the kitchen getting changed
which means that she can probably see me
getting changed through my window if
you've got it flaunt it actually I
should probably shot my block it's I'm
currently wearing my ski top this is
what I wear when I go ski
I dropped out of school I realized ha
that means no more ski trips I've been
on the most amazing school ski trips but
I also hated school so I can't just stay
at school to go skiing um what do I wear
today I'm gonna wear these I really like
these I don't have anything to wear it
with can you like fashionistas like
style beauty guru girls leave a comment
below letting me know what the hell I
wear with these sorry about this I just
realize I'm like getting naked this
weird oh my fault I have motivation
problems so in the pit I have created
this space where I'm going to do my
makeup oh yeah
it's time to rub you on my face ah okay
I think people have a misconception
about me that I'm like really big hair
didn't have like a huge ego I use
humorous like a coping mechanisms when
I'm not feeling whoo dank ugly yeah I'm
so perfect like why am I not the ruler
of the world yet like I'm literally so
beautiful
why does young Leonardo DiCaprio not
want to put his to put his you know what
he's like 50 that's messed up I've been
feeling kind of insecure recently mostly
because number one I have no
self-control when I cannot stop eating
but like I'm a naturally very very
skinny person see these I've been using
them to my advantage and foam nails
recently for good clickbait because I
know that these are gonna go ii by
muster up the motivation to workout
because these aren't my naturally these
are products of me eating cow breast
milk formula e G milk lime I like this
these aren't mine these are rented these
are my rice guns Lamborghini I guess
that's kind of getting me down not to be
that bitch to but also be that bitch I
don't feel like I belong like this
country is just so annoying
UK youtubers I fought this ever since I
was like in the womb and I first I
watching YouTube UK youtubers are the
worst they're so annoying they're so PG
they're so Brown say it just annoys me
so much everyone here like was the
exception of a couple of people
literally everyone in the UK makes the
same content and I feel like recently
I've been kind of feeding into that a
lot and I don't want to because I hate
it and I feel like there isn't many
girls
setting an example in the UK for like
the different kids I feel like that
isn't many girls in the UK
youtubers like recent no I don't mean
like the old people but like people come
up recently I don't feel like this
anyone young girls in this country that
it's okay to be different it's okay to
like not know what you're doing for life
it's okay to like be weird it's okay to
like not be a picture perfect PG like my
life's together and I'm so perfect and
let's review some makeup like it's okay
to like not be into that stuff it's okay
to not be girly and want to watch Tryon
horse do you know what I mean I feel
like that's what every UK go is doing I
wish is why I like America a lot more
because the females there there are a
lot more there's a lot more like driven
there are a lot more like there are a
lot more like they just they just want
to do what they enjoy rather than
pleasing a brand and that's kind of
always what I've wanted to do I even
said it when I auditioned for like trash
way back in the day I said like everyone
here's the saying like all the girls do
the boring like hi guys today I'm gonna
review I'm gonna feel this sock it's
really good I think like I don't know
it's just really pigmented and I've just
called foundation on my white thought
great um people think of British
youtubers they think oh like zoella like
hey I'm gonna review this MacBook I'm
gonna review this paddle that's hot and
they don't think of many people who are
like crazy outspoken crazy you don't
have to be a beauty guru you can do what
you want goodbye yeah so I do a
transition okay cool
don't forget to transition on the next
clip kara I will forget why me bothering
okay my turn
o transition oh my god I remembered what
huh hi so okay I've come into my filming
patch of this last bit because I feel
like I don't know this this has more to
do with YouTube than people but this is
like the main thing that's been getting
to me recently and it's that I don't
know what I'm doing with my life
I know I'm doing I'm doing what makes me
happy every part of the YouTube process
I love it I love making videos let's
just talk about my mental breakdown I
feel so much better now and if you guys
are dealing with anything feel free to
leave a comment down below or hit up my
DMS and let it out because it makes you
feel better like even editing me right
now is probably having a blast that is
true I am having such fun I just want to
say thank you for you I
also thank you to you guys for like
giving me an opportunity and like giving
me giving me something to do this is the
only thing I've ever consistently loved
my whole life and you guys have given me
such a great opportunity and I want to
say thank you as well
you sold out all of the match how crazy
is that that's so crazy to me we sent
out yesterday I individually I
individually signed like every note that
I put inside of the match and I'm gonna
do that with every piece of match that I
sell until further notice
and we're also going to do read cheap
like under 15 panty shot really soon for
you guys so if you're a Bridget spinner
on a budget or you just didn't get
hoodie then you can do that and that
over you that would be really cool -
yeah like thank you um but overall yeah
I'm having a mental breakdown I'm I'm
probably gonna get through it
eventually this this has really made me
feel better I should do this more often
but overall I don't know what I'm doing
with my life I'm not going to stop
sharing lack of a life with you to stay
updated on if I'm homeless in a year
gotten so desperate and I don't know
joined team channel something they're
both equally is possible at this rate
yeah it's been over a year and I still
don't have an outro so okay bye
