hi what's up what Ryan North Duty I hate
that intro so I have come to the
realization that I have been a very nice
person recently depending on what your
definition of nice is and one of my
favorite activities messing with people
well I have subscribers oh wait I
haven't caused anyone distress in a
while bawwk Bridgette calm so I fought
today what better to do than to break
into fans fans fan the cows pretending
to be them actually being me I'm also
generally just having a whole fan
account experience I'm gonna channel my
inner narcissism and edit pictures of
myself not like I don't do that enough
to post on my Instagram have some fun
better people make them hate me and/or
delete their family gowns that's what I
want yeah okay let's go okay so I didn't
want to start from the beginning and
make a fan account and then go China
infiltrating otherwise this would be a
six hour long video of me trying to get
them to like me because I'm not very
likable person even when I'm pretending
to be someone else so I asked a fan
account Troy and Kara on Twitter if I
could have her account and wreak havoc
and make her lose all of her friends I
am Kira I'm not sure who Troy is but our
first line of duty will be to do this
okay so these are some funny accounts
that's not English our first line of
duty will be to in fact change the name
name just Keira okay great Keira done
website www.jfn.co.jp/toho
now let's change the stupid header which
isn't me and make it yes
what good half a face and wait is this
already me oh oh we now we met now let's
um let's let's compose a tweet what's
happening I'm starting
you hate here a tweet okay now this is
one of my favorite Kira group chats and
I'm gonna go in here and I'm gonna tell
them that she's starting to hate me and
she doesn't want to be a Stan anymore
and see what happens I just this is
really hard for me to say I don't think
I'm standing Kara anymore
idk I just don't really okay why am I
making myself a rather than okay so now
um let's mate let's make an edit yeah
what do people make edits on let's just
make up plus me okay let's take a selfie
oh you can see the match in that that's
cool okay makeup fuss great oh god I'm
scared
let's let's just do one of the things
pumpkin that's nice color scholar okay
this is gonna be carries drought
transformation this is what fan accounts
do i people always edit my hair
different colors and send it to me be
like oh my look here if you like me edit
that's that's me with blue hair very
good at it
I'm really sorry I'm doing this to you
god I noticed I like house with me like
a law on all my various different social
medias and I follow hashed I care a
bridge on it's around so I see
everything just post it on do it mainly
because I'm really not cystic when I see
my name I react it
it's give me a round face as you know
I'm going on way I'm gonna stroke stroke
seems nice new foundation that's such a
dirty fake tan me it's just that looks
like I've had fake tan just gone wrong
which is like me all the time wait
that's pale myself okay okay Bella Swan
contact who this can be fun
boo they're two different colors ooh
story I think we're gonna go story story
seems very intergalactic I like this
makeup and I didn't know I needed new
eyelids let's try some Koch sisters I
hate myself who am i becoming are we
going to like an old person
I like that and keeping it decorations a
star yes yes sister yes okay we're gonna
read that in a second
that's tweet he's just not as cute as
she used to be okay okay oh my god can I
go through her dance it's not weird I'm
just I'm just really curious as to why
she's message messy Monday I can't ask
or nothing to do with me here's birthday
surprise oh it's locked
I've actually got two presents on my
birthday okay let's read through chat
I'm scared I'll lose the end me too
though
I just don't enjoy her content no more
she's still dying they ask me how are
you just to say that you're fine you're
not really fine you just can't get into
it because they would never understand
wait I just destroyed myself did I I
don't know let's just see what happened
why we're doing okay okay about Kaiser
hey what's happening her notifications
okay last night indication was four days
ago interesting let's reply to Jane's
Charles's tweet
it's a boo sister what does that even
mean hoot what's a boo sister um that's
a funny tweet it's a lot more boring and
I thought it would be I'm scared I'm
genuinely scared what I still like
Stanhope I just don't watch her videos I
live for her tweets instead I watch my
videos oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god I unveiled something
evil evil well this is gonna be some
great clickbait I can't hold my feelings
a ho
they're definitely her oh my god oh my
god oh my god ooh you hack it's fun I
get you though why are they all joining
in
oh I just don't enjoy Morgan content I
mean you've got a point
morgues is fat oh I'll take I'll take
those hints when most isn't in a video
I'll watch it
okay new oh they don't want me and
morgue
I think I'm gonna yeah goodbye morgue
yeah no he's not coming in any more of
my videos
unless I desperately need to use Oh true
sister reach I think she's getting kind
of chubby to call me fat do you like
this edit
I made oh should I tell them that
they've got conked if you miss hell then
you've got prank we could Ida like
Harley Quinn on crack
they're gonna hate me outright Oakley
which of my last fall's your fav filling
YouTube T was Grindr messages gays on
ice a sloppy Super Bowl game
I don't know Tyler I'm gonna have to go
with gay boys well I'm okay I knew it
around there was no way new foot soap
styling care and if she did she wouldn't
say in a group chat with Garrett what
here I'm so confused
you've got you've got bright move up the
way prank justice
move out of the way it's a prank
youtuber oh wait is 2018 G okay bye I
mean I guess I just successfully made
everyone hate me hear the shouts my
Twitter if you don't follow it already
as you can see I do horrible things to
you guys on there
well my self-esteem is officially
plummeted into the dark fiery depths of
hell and that went horribly wrong but I
guess you brang be on skype to my
channel please subscribe before I kill
myself and have a great birthday it's
your birthday
bye bye much I don't care just burn it I
don't care what you do with it
- some people innately do subscribe
again good night
