hi I'm Kara Bridget and today everyone
hates me I'm quiet look welcome back to
another brand new book for me the
blogger I'm really I'm really bad at
drawing
it's like will be my worst color I just
put those eclipses together and then put
memes in between all of the clips that
kids are mean right now okay so I always
do this today I start my folks at night
and then carry them onto the next
morning because I'm really unproductive
in the mornings but right now I'm at
Ed's diner with this is Ed's himself
having a lot of fun I know I've got one
of these slightly never really got that
whole idea of these latent quotes like
Pepsi felt like ice cream in Pepsi so I
just thought the idea of ice cream after
him be together just kind of sounded a
bit like Catwoman resumed this is
amazing
okay well if it's your birthday happy
birthday I'm not really sure what I'm
doing yet so okay bye I change my mind I
don't like it I think it tastes like
sick turns out it wasn't that nice okay
hands out coke and ice cream it's just
the cocoa milk challenge from 2010
reinvented and sold for money we just
paid money for that I feel kind of sick
but now we're getting at cinema and have
tan Weisbach we've both decided that we
both really wanna watch Fifty Shades of
Grey in the new one okay well you know
this fair people and they're actually
like shooting little guns so it's not
sexy so much oh yeah because we're
really gonna go see it for the storyline
to get on a way to try and get into the
Fifty Shades of Grey film and not sure
how it's gonna happen considering I look
seven years old I'm not going to shut
you out of 50 shades of grey
I'm terrified emasculates comment down
below what one of these dogs you would
be if you were in this film I think
could be the up one day here's a
transition just in case I
I didn't transition or if I did I'm
making no sense hi what's up was hanging
this vlog has had such a tray
it really has had such a strange turn of
events it is officially two days later
from when you last saw me in this clip I
am here at the morgues household what a
great tour now let me explain to you
what's been going on
Morgan is boisterous he he doesn't know
when to stop and the most common thing I
leave with when I come to his house not
loved affection not not not even food or
like a puppy no it's bruises on my body
because he has no spatial awareness no
regard anyone he doesn't understand he's
literally a seven foot ten human male
who's getting kind of chunky recently
who when he body slabs you or lays on
you uh-huh
so I'm planning my revenge okay so
mother just uploaded this video and look
at this not the pugs
I like the pug I'm not angry about the
products watch no Martin disgusting
disgusting behavior but this is the
worst bit this is the worst it the body
slam yeah it's not too bad anymore I
mean it doesn't look that bad anymore
but it is look at that yeah my elbow is
a completely different size to this one
no it's so painful it feels like death
I'm getting like dog ate up and down my
arm I think I've like called ten minutes
a night because of the way I landed I
like quickly moved it so that my arm
wouldn't snapping off so instead I've
sustained muscle damage
also I landed on the back on my back and
the skin that's kind of grazed but I
don't care I'm a big boy that was just
injury number one I'm shutting the door
so he doesn't see me do this it's so go
on Morgan's Mac and see if I can find
the raw footage from that clip why does
he have so many things well like it's
Mia that kind of cute that way only she
was going for his file this is so creepy
oh my god she cheating on me I'm just
kidding I'm now shut up mood getting
somewhere doubt oh you doing just have
to get out so long no yeah I'm just
looking for something what are you doing
I'm just looking for something good girl
what are you doing please let me sort
yourself over okay where is it
alright so worried about here Morgan
going to pick me up and I don't know
what you want to do with me I want to
see that that's kind of wrong from that
he does this thing where he tries like
tackle me all of the time don't you and
he tries to pick me up pick you up well
then you resist them flop to the ground
exactly we'll be kids okay Chum your
arms there's little puny arms I can put
your with ease I don't trust those
things to carry my body weight I've been
eating a lot of bad food recently yeah I
don't really trust him so I just dead
weight and flop on the ground so you
can't pick me up however this time he
wasn't accepting dead weight as an
answer he continued to try and lift me
up into the air and damage my frail body
and this happened did you hear that food
look at my face
look at that crying sad face and is she
saying sorry is he saying sorry oh yeah
oh yeah because you're the most
important one here yeah but Morgan I
have more subscribers I'm more important
Tony Mathis very massive I'm home
because I'm more subscribers in you yeah
I'll do anything you tell me doesn't
matter if you get injured for my vlog
and we know what this is my vlog yeah
yeah yeah go bitch oh you bad boy that
was injury number one now the second
injury I sustained from Morgan in the
same power so Morgan has just told me
that he's deleted declared
though
for me because it was so bad it's okay I
have discards to prove it actually
happened so he gonna prank on me where
he thought it was so funny to poor snow
the second I decided time to snap back I
feel a little bit of snow in his face
punch me in the ball okay I promise he
deserved it nothing stop this guy over
here from rugby tackling me this is why
this is why I broke three tackles his
ball sacks right because he tackled me
to the graph Oh
when he tackled me to the ground my leg
slid down the corner of the room on the
corner of the wall and cut me and I was
screaming get off he Morgan he's my
Johnny's mom can we get off her Morgan
he still wouldn't do this flopping
around okay looking Squidward yeah and
he'd you still wouldn't go off so you
know I did I just swung I didn't
intentionally florals that's happened to
get my balls
yeah well that's nice more did me good
huh let me show you this bruise it's the
same way I'm just gonna get your my
panties out hold on just see that bruise
ed it's just that it's so painful even
though that wasn't entirely your fault
and I don't blame you for it okay watch
me kill watch me kill this guy I walked
into the room I flopped down on the
floor and Cher agony and he look he
looks at me you big red you don't you
said long he said love Oh
he lowed at me dying yeah yeah they were
all the injuries I've sustained her
Morgan in a one-day period a few moments
later so me in the mix I'm just saying
here just randomly watching youtube
videos and we come across this one and
as this little gone and it's just me who
said well how about that
your song cultured swine we're about to
go outside fill it true the weirdest
reason ever even though it's like I take
you on a quick outfit tour right that's
going to this bathroom this is my hair
way talking like this is my hair it's
kind of like a lump should I fix it I
know heart rates like normalize my hair
in the tree is just this like great cool
actually kind of shake it over and then
just spend the lion bit like a bad way
like oh great that's my view surprise
it's green it's not my yellow car
finally got an update bra this one's
just from crime on the other box from
pink and all of you guys asking me
whether yellow borrows from it was from
paint my Victoria Secret but I bought it
like two years ago which explains all
the holes in it and stuff even I still
wear it I tried so many times I tried so
many times to find it again like
repurchase it you know one that doesn't
have holes in it and we burn stains but
I guess they just don't sell anymore
nothing will ever come close the old one
and I'll never stop wearing your 10000
Primark and it's pretty good it's like
78% just padding though and about 2% my
actual breaths and then the other 20%
okay beautiful red 21 buttons and
biomass on that I've got like nearly 100
pounds so crazy to me wow wow wow wow
wow does your media influence so even my
new favorite jeans they're very nice
look they have rips all the way down
them and the upturned and the skinny and
the high-waisted to hide my pod I bought
your membership it was like 35 month I
still haven't used it look hot black
coughing often misguided and we're
absolutely everywhere and then this coat
from Zara
it's very nice very cranky kind of
expensive but like was worth it keeps me
warm no makeup because I've just given
up China and myself with like a normal
girl pants now a key hmm Air Wick pure
new tresses odin's odors this is
oops pray that normal don't tell anyone
I did that I'm gonna whisper on it in
this next but I'm still trying to think
about the prank that I want to do on
Morgan now I think he knows that
something's coming because he was
wondering like why I was explaining for
fuck yo he's done all these mean things
to me and when I turn it off he seemed
kind of upset he was like why just for
my vlog clip she's ripping me apart for
five minutes and I was like but I
couldn't expect to get the wrong idea
it's really not that deep we we can like
have fun each other
he's not like beating me up or anything
don't worry and what like upset it's
just like mutual bounce isn't that what
I thought okay but what if I prank him
he's gonna be slightly expecting it but
if I like double-barreled prank him I
was thinking I want to prank him with
snow like he did to me and then and like
what he's gonna be so angry to me so
uncomfortable all worked up and stuff
then I thought of doing some kind of
like Hickey prank or like it I'm
cheating on you prank on him so I've
been like kind of this is gonna sound so
weird I'm not a vampire
I've been like sucking on my arm trying
to gradually make a hickey on my body in
case I do go over down that room I'm
it's really hard it's kind of hard to
reach that subscribe okay that's good
how do I turn it off I keep the game
we're going outside now Morgan I want to
tell them what we're going outside to do
okay well you can touch me yo do you
mind if I take your card go to the cash
point and withdraw the maximum amount of
money on it and you guys call me a
gold-digger yeah for video he needs like
loads of money and he obviously doesn't
have enough himself so yeah that's what
we gonna go do so get excited I'm gonna
take to the cash point down the road and
watch me destroy my bank account because
Morgan wants me to oh really you
two decided to make an allegiance
against makes here yes do you like
horses that's mine that was just the
beginning that was just the beginning
taster this is the first time Kara's
taking a hair down in literally like a
week two thousand years later okay so
it's prank time I feel like morgue
saying nah okay so let me sit you down
why all the lights off I'm genuinely so
I was good
okay don't get static here I feel like
Mugen is expecting something because I
mean I said that planet cause was on in
his video I'm not a prank YouTube but
this really isn't my genre I just
usually sit down and say your boring
stuff and sometimes people watch that
yeah this isn't really my category
however it's gonna be a lot fun pretty
much what I'm gonna do he's in the
shower right now I hope he hasn't locked
the door of why's this this could be bad
but it's not that bad because I kind of
learned how to pick the lock on that
door I'm gonna go get like a bucket of
snow from outside they speak dog poop
when he thinks worse has come when his
so I agree me I'm gonna go in the say
sorry Tim take off my hoodie and boom
I've literally been sucking it might
woman's skin all day I have to do it
there I can't get it on my neck cookies
aren't called pleased with me I'm okay
mentally make sure I don't forget that
hello I spent so long waiting for him
the snow turned into ice this is why I'm
not a prank you too but it's how much
ever doing that hobby for the best okay
so the snow is down that he that stood
up I think that stand we were using that
earlier kids to take like your phone now
or like film company clips and stuff and
we just haven't moved it since so I'm
gonna put a camera up on that and it's
not gonna seem suspicious because I've
just been kind of using it all day it
feel became I agree to notice anything
kind of off Thank You Cheever hey how
are you exact same prank as I did you
don't bother trying
to steal long he didn't like that I can
tell he's angry he just doesn't want to
show it on camera he did it before for
the poop thing for some reason I thought
I was kind of funny anyway okay let's go
I knew it just did the exact same thing
I did yeah like I didn't mean it well I
did have some money I don't want the
stupid word I do I'm seriously why did
oh yeah okay I know you know it's cool
why did you do that I don't get why I'm
queen yeah okay but I just found
somewhere to make it funny this huge
mess everywhere why what on the bag I'm
sorry what's up what's up No ah you are
joking
you are joking that's not booze a small
bruise that's green nuts right what's
wrong with you what what's that from who
gave you did you say bikini who gave it
who gave you what no you didn't know you
didn't you've taken that I'm not into
you take to the moon you take in the
mirror I'm only taking the bit you've
tried you tried someone's blood sugar I
don't wanna shoot me from you haven't
gone hickey so stupid stop being stupid
and there you have it
I'm not stupid wait is that why is that
makeup just use it for makeup on you
just for there you taking the van I know
get on no judge oh my god do it hurry
upstairs go away
you upset just do it are you mental
guess I'll go and but that's actual you
sold your own skin you're such a winner
you actually sat there sucking your own
skin yeah I'm so worried yeah yeah yeah
yeah she felt well I kind of need you a
joke in him but like then I realized it
was actually real and I was like how the
hell would she joke that like Shirley
she wouldn't sit there by yourself
well y-yeah it scare of course she
fucking walls because I love you okay
that has been a very weird video you cut
me off I did it anyway so I said I love
you no bones but tonight I'm gonna get
you back definitely back now so you do
fight your own skin if you haven't put
my new much it looks like this and this
and this and this okay bye it's
family-friendly PG
and coffee substances WWE don't care
Bridget calm I'll be shouting you guys
out in the video here's some more of you
guys support it that was really cool of
you I feel all weird on the inside now a
little fluffy no like Oh goodbye um this
is gonna be hard to explain to my mother
