it was just a dream thank God a terrible
disgusting dream like I've dreamt about
my dog being chopped up and cooked in an
oven I've dreamt about nuclear
apocalypse and watching my whole family
be burnt alive by nuclear waste right in
front of my eyes and that that was by
far the worst so guess I'm just gonna go
sit down and film video for you guys
wait where's my phone hmm oh it's it's
my dad so what's going on
yep I'm I'm that drop hmm oh that was a
dream right what
okay I'm gonna kill myself hi what's up
was high in in suck cringe intro now I
go anecdote the other day I was just
roaming the internet my name my own
business on musically checking how many
followers I had you can go and follow me
on there even though I don't really post
real content when I came across the most
repulsive cringe thing to watch ever I
don't know if it's just me who's gonna
find this like hard to watch because
because hello even my shirt though so I
need to get my boobs are four views
these days I don't know if it's just me
who finds this really hard to watch
because it's actually quite like it same
thing it's not like 11 yawns wiggling
they're like booties it's actually like
quite normal and most of the kids are
fully clothed which is new for that
particular app and the weird thing about
it it's like most of them weren't even
like young kids like it wasn't even
really young kids doing this it was like
people my age don't take this the wrong
way I'm not burning kids or anything
I'm not a key Azalea oh my god because
technically I'm still the kid myself
like in over eight months so get out
resist them now children to be fair this
made me want to die so I'm gonna share
with you today I'm gonna react with this
is me asking you if it made you want to
die so once you've watched it comment
down below
and let me know on a scale of one to ten
how much you want to open the nearest
window and throw your body out of it
stop talking oh wait just in case you
thought I couldn't make the intro any
longer if it didn't notice the lack of
ads on my videos which you probably
didn't send any acts on them or anyway
my channel has been temporarily monetize
absolutely completely because your that
thing where you should was like
testicles and then you don't apply for
more technician nowadays well I'm a
future networks we don't have to
understand why if it's made for baby you
tell someone donation well that's the
process I have to apply again because
you have so many other people wanted so
I have made zero dollars on YouTube for
like two weeks
how am I gonna feed my kids always
forgot I'm supposed to hate them so yeah
I release much it looks like this it's
really cool super snappy and you can go
buy it by going to www.koco.com school
okay yeah there actually isn't much left
until it's sold out and I don't know if
I'm gonna do a result you guys sold out
like a freaking Buddha Church just like
that I didn't actually realize you liked
me enough either that or you've all got
extremely rich parents or parents that
don't hide their credit cards that well
another reason why children are the
worst let's get into it so while our
musically I came across this hashtag and
it's called hashtag acting wars right I
don't know how acting lip-syncing has
any correlation at all but apparently
they do yeah apparently in all the
movies nowadays actors aren't actually
saying their line they're just
lip-syncing it to someone else you said
it whatever it made me want to die so
I'm gonna share it with you and
hopefully make you guys want to die
please don't die
so basically these kids lip-synch to
dramatic scenes from movies and TV shows
and a lot of them start parenting out
their nose because they're trying to be
11 from stranger things which I never
got into by the way I don't get the hype
it's just it's just let's go terrified
how can you even ask that just tell me
honestly I hope that she didn't shave
her hair off just to do that it really
wasn't worth the 25,000 views Veronica
she look like her Veronica and the
people before I suppose that girl found
a boy to do that with her I'm surprised
a real-life human boy
even though he didn't mean it was just
acting knew how to say the word love
it's funny I forgot how to do that
continue
the world there's so much
I have magical powers where I can just
levitate objects across the room I'm
trying to express my anger throw a heavy
object or do i fire attentionally the
softest thing is stuffed and these boys
and girls are the people that we are
going to be spending the rest of our
lives living in the civilization which
is earth with you see when the next
meteor is good however many seconds of
music she didn't even look like she was
struggling to breathe
she didn't even shut her eyes she was
just being normal and speaking and if I
didn't see her legs I would have thought
that was some h2o just add water stuff
that bitch is a mermaid we need to burn
her today I got tired of sleeping 18
hours a day and I got tired of burning
old friends and seeing the face what you
told me to do I found seven cool bars
like away
I browsed your search history to copy
your style but I have no idea that I
would land on the exact same outfit on
the exact same day even we need to put
her in a small box wrap it up very tight
and never let her out or she's a very
funny person I think she's making fun of
them wait oh that's right yes you can't
just say that you're crying and you're
not really funny you just can't get into
it because they would never understand
wrong with me did you ever love me did
you ever look at me well how can you
even ask that
how old is he he's not being ironic just
really cute didn't do this he's such a
cute guy I'm angry if you were five out
of ten to it 11 out of 10 looking guy
stay off musically because like you you
have a sliver of a chance of pulling the
step you don't like that unless you're
happy isn't he 15 the second you
download that app you're just like
you're an antipasto magnate you can't
you're gonna get married - I'm a dealer
I used to be funny some of them when
they're like old people like over 20 Eva
it's like super tragic or it's like kind
of funny because I just like making fun
of kids but that's kind of wrong making
fun of kids is wrong both the Iggy
Azalea like that dude okay the most
cringe one for me was like that dude who
was like super cute but then he like
opened his mouth even though he didn't
actually say anything well you just open
his mouth didn't say anything but it was
all musically so it automatically made
him talk you anymore but like he's so
deep I guess you just kind of believe
the offender I'm kidding you know what I
think I'll just stick to boys you don't
have any social media that's who I'll be
dating unless they have a lot of subs
that's kind of my type if you haven't
learned it yeah down below letting me
know how much for a scale of one to ten
you want to die leave a like if you
really like this video and you want me
to search the internet for things that
made me want to die if you haven't seen
the match already not like I haven't
already talked about it one time please
consider purchasing it with your money
or your parents money or some money you
know homeless people they have these
little pots that like sits next to them
they have money in it if you don't want
to get arrested
/ potentially ruin someone's life you
sure okay subscribe to my channel if you
want to subscribe to I guess yeah I
haven't really gotten any better at
least ho outro thing ok bye my mouth
before it sells out and depth um yeah I
think okay or do you say oh yeah bye
that's it they ask you how you are
that you're fine you're not really fine
you just can't get into it because they
would never understand
