she wants to sue me here's a picture of
a DM that she responded to she called
someone crazy yeah what are you doing
nothing I'm really high so welcome to my
vlog this is the vlog that I'm vlogging
if you didn't realize I'm not in my
normal setting not that I have a normal
setting because I'm always somewhere
else it isn't my normal setting I am in
a hotel in London which is in Canada
look see see see it's really cool I'll
probably do a hotel talk when we get
back right now we're gonna go around
London we you know explore we're gonna
do fun things it's fun people do with
fun lights we don't know the words we do
not we're gonna try and make a boring
life slightly more fun yes oh I'll get
back to you when we're doing that hi
we're in a car that's about it really
look here's the outside you can see so
much that excites you in court anyway
it's here later
I love being professional blow job I
said once then how I try to do right now
control my excitement okay so hi back in
another taxi was it today just came from
Selfridges I am it did a little bit
damage to my mind ever so shrinking bank
account that wasn't even that large felt
with I mean I'm sorry I'm rich in your
knife I'm not sure how I feel about it
my mom is not gonna be very happy of me
I'm not very happy with me but whatever
I'll show you what I got
later on in the father tried to stomp
around watch my videos I'll show you
later we're gonna go for food now and
I'm gonna eat food not any more food oh
I'm getting so fat okay I need to stop
talking before I get the price the cake
goodbye Hey Dude what's up I have juice
okay so what's up coming soon so wait
what am i doing I not remember but then
we got back and now we're hit and you
know what I said to you yo I did some
things I bought some things I went some
places I saw some bitches I didn't see
any bitches and it ringette bitches and
now I'm gonna show you I'm gonna show
you what I got now I'm gonna take you on
a night hotel room tour okay okay um do
you care probably not but am I gonna do
it anyway yes because content I felt
like you've been one of those bloggers
today's I sort of like to sit there and
like tell you what they're gonna do and
like not actually show you anything guys
let me go out I'm gonna eat some food
the next day okay guys just go back to
McDonald's it's so good I'm feeling
anxious that I should below him totally
gonna break up tomorrow no I mean like
show me the muck burger anyway let's
show you my thirsty we got some juice
okay so I bought a thing and I told you
I bought things that I'm like I'm kind
of like oh so good it's a juice good
yeah okay try it
no I'm just watch it in my mouth you
guys this is yousef screen a cake your
mom still lives in a village yeah I did
it bad I don't do bad that often month
last month I do bags once a month I've
just I did so I'm allowed to buy one bad
thing every mom and so now I'm not
allowed to buy anything considered
expensive until next month I'm telling
my bad my sister might yeah each by a
fixture rich yeah I'm sorry I'm rich in
your knife okay I want to show you this
and I want you to give me your honest
opinions because I think it kind of
makes me like a turtle but I really like
it oh one new Pokemon oh that's a pretty
cool isn't it yeah oh oh it's so pretty
oh it's everything I'm not oh so many
compartments okay I'm gonna blow out my
bar blah blah I need you guys to let me
know where do you think this makes me
look like a turtle I think it kind of
does but I also kind of
so let me know what you think I think I
did a bad when I bought it but it's fine
I it's about what 2 a.m. I'm in the
bathroom right now I'm in the bathroom
right now because what went psycho
I'm gonna fart and ruin everything I've
been asleep what's like three or four
hours but then woke up because I was
really hungry and so now we've ordered
room service I've ordered a tomato and
mozzarella salad thing but I don't like
tomatoes I just do it for the mozzarella
so there's that Morgan I want to do a
soup but I'm considering sending it back
mass and not to have it anymore because
it needs enough Morgan you stink like
yeah so I really want to nap like I
really want to sleep so I want to wake
up because of breakfast essential house
amazing but yes I can't it's also kind
of to Docs give you a room torso pose
I'll do that in the morning again right
so foods arrived we've got this great
trade for the food that's mine that that
looks really great I'm only gonna eat
the white thing but it's always good
what do you think what did you get some
seeds Oh
it's 7 a.m. care did you find me fix
your sleep schedule no I just didn't go
to sleep again so we're here in a hotel
the only reason I ever make steak use
those help is because they have the best
breakfast ever it makes me so moist it
makes my hmm you know and so that's why
we're that's why we're going right now
I'm not wearing this outside this is
very uncoordinated a fridge or an outfit
or this this is coming very soon haha
yeah these are my jeans I put them on my
leg this is my second pair of these
jeans I buy them all the time because
they're very nice over the holes get too
big and they get kind of yucky they're
from Topshop if you want to know you can
follow me on 21 buttons I'll link it
below if you want you could buy them
from that there are here are my hero
Bridget here at the Jesus I got these
last month and when I bought them I felt
like I was doing a drug deal so now I
feel like I'm walking on drugs I don't
that is shoes hi here we have a dead mix
he's dead his face in his own underwear
what did your butt smell like mmm but
it's not smell good you have been doing
think it's all night haven't you mm-hmm
yes thank you boys
no I didn't I don't even do that I don't
even have a bottle they sewed up at
Birth really yeah people from my mouth
yeah bet you didn't know that one anyway
shake transition off here just caret
just remember to complete the transition
in the next clip
can you remind me thanks okay that's
good you know there's two types of
people that person at this person he
goes on bronze he drinks
right now no no after you know what I
remembered I never gave you the hotel
room tour I promised so quickly do you
want ok ok ok take the table it has
juice and it has things and they have
paper where you have the table it has a
chat it has a window it has a train and
they these are like tiny little houses
I'm not really sure what that is what
what I see
yok what time a bit to see good photo
opportunities do you agree this is a mix
in his natural habitat sitting down and
then I'm a licker up and then and then
yeah please don't
and then here's a bed very dirty looking
very stinky kids me yep doing thankies
oh did you poop do you feel better now
hmm good boy that's kind of about it so
take you to the bathroom
I love the bathrooms in these hotels
they're so dang although the one thing
that weather like it's here the one
thing I'm really Bob isn't shut the
hallway until someone has pee shy as
myself
oh no kids my new turtle shell what do
you think I like it
this is a rope I took the other one this
is a purple door this is a toilet and
this in here is a shower which you share
with your body and that's that's what
you poop okay major that's your hair gel
in here there you go I love how to
smells we're gonna go on an adventure
try it from Asus hairbrush um no sign
here you know we're gonna go outside I
think I forgot to do the transition to
Kira
remember to do it this time we're gonna
put it in my mouth okay it's not the
only thing to go in my mouth I'm
genuinely so used but I can't remember
if I transitioned out of the last one no
I think you should have transitioned so
I'm just gonna say go home
I know this Gary trock I'm scared I'm
just headed a scary truck it's by the
only big thing I've seen in a while
anyway there's more see another scary to
hook
anyway we are in the new a growing the
streets just like oh my god dude she's
vlogging dude it's a vlogger dude oh my
god it's a vlogger amazing it that's
this really nice like chocolate cafe
everything tastes like chocolate in it
and I was like yo Mick let's go and
we're gonna boy look everyone if you're
wondering why I'm crying it's because my
favorite food place have been shut down
we went all the way there and his
clothes okay goodbye and taking a break
I'm deleting minta now I walk in front
of that drug if you ever wondered what
rates I was this is an apple juice I was
drinking it and all of a sudden they
stop drinking and Morgan was like why'd
you stop drinking and I would say it
spicy apple juice
my camera was shooting implant load for
a second I think you put the Europe hour
still under juice plate oh my god
I'm spot blues on coming oh no it's just
developing Oh usually this is Mexican
that's just my skin I don't really know
I'm doing probably can't hear me to the
blender I look kind of crap today how
are you feeling I don't care
okay
what I'm so excited I didn't realize I
brought my phone in my salad funny shot
a heart it's not funny and I'm home I go
home yesterday but I was genuinely just
like to gone to even pick up a camera
like I was just dead like I was deceased
but now I'm here in my humble abode
things have changed you know I had that
really ugly wallpaper oh the flowers
what I mean it's still over there well
it's been painted my mother painted
while I was gone good Tracy and now it's
white which means of course of filming
space I stopped using my white wall over
there to film because it kind of got
dirty and also there's a TV up there now
and there's like his shadow and it just
looked really weird on camera it's just
like I had this weird black thing just
hovering above my head it made no sense
now I have see I had these lights behind
my bed thing yeah okay well they were
always orange and it was such an ugly
color because I had them for literally
two years he's like I didn't realize
need it like this little bridge thing
and just never around to buying it um
but I bought it and now I have the app
and look how sick this is it's got so
many colors now watch this so say I go
to blue it's a party now I can have a
party in my bedroom every single day
because I don't go outside how cool is
this gonna look in the back of videos
let's be real anyway so I'm here having
fun having a little time and I finally
got home and I was just thinking I
haven't talked about the igloo
Australia's situation yeah um so if you
didn't notice I made a video of
surrounding a washed-up rapper I'd say
just over a week ago and I guess she
wasn't happy about it my manager got a
email from her lawyer like claiming
defamation of character and I need to
cease and desist and it's like otherwise
she wants to sue me or something like
that and it's just crazy you can't just
do someone because you're a celebrity I
mean you can but it doesn't mean you're
gonna win it's ridiculous she's like 30
I'm seventeen thirty I'm a miner
secondly I can debunk everything one of
the claims that they've made for
defamation of character
because it's just for all I did in that
video we share public tweets that she'd
made like bashing me against me if you
haven't seen the video I'll link it
below
issues crazy like UConn you can't like
whether you think I was in the wrong or
not you can't sue someone for sharing
public tweets and talking about public
information one of the things they said
that I did was glorify a breakup I don't
know who she was dating I don't care
about your love life
I looked back at the video I showed a
Google image search results when you do
their Lea scandals and I guess her
breakup was in that however that is
public information you can't sue me for
that I didn't glorify it I didn't talk
about it I just showed what happens when
you google something that's not
defamation of character if you feel like
that's decimating your character you
might want to go and see the news page
which I think was the Daily Mail who
said that about you but you can't
because it's news and you can't sue
someone for news I don't know it's
really weird you're kind of a free yeah
if you want me to make a video
owing through all of the points that her
lawyers made and all of the things she
doesn't like about me and meet the
bunking each of them leave thumbs up on
this video right now and leave a comment
below letting me know it's such a weird
situation blocked me on Instagram and on
Twitter and it's continuing you like
send hate to my fan here's a picture of
a DM that she responded to she called
someone crazy
I get like age doesn't matter but you've
still got to take like when you're in a
situation but in the public even though
it's not fair there is a double standard
if we want to keep our image clear if we
want to keep like look nice if we want
to be respected we should rise above the
hate like I'm an irrelevant youtuber you
used to be somewhat popping used I just
don't know why you whatever yeah I'm
quite on bothered whoa it's a bug on oh
there's a bug in my room what the hell
do I do about that
what the hell Jenny I'm what do I do
about it we need this yeah like you
shouldn't be saying stuff like that to
kids on the internet not necessary to me
like I don't care but like you guys you
were like just defending me and her
calling them crazy is just 16 hours like
they're kids why can't you just ignore
it I just don't get it anyway and this
guy wasn't even being hateful either and
whatever my problem with it was she
continued to like say mean things about
me even when I made a tweet clearing up
my real
when tensions what the tweet actually
made she could have just said I'm sorry
even if she doesn't like want to say it
like she did she could've just stopped
that even if she doesn't believe me like
she could have just stopped cleared up
what I meant for those of you who may
have misinterpreted it for hurling
misinterpreted er to start with 99% if
you understood what I was saying anyway
whatever she's favored with situation
honestly just continuing with the
narrative that I said I'd rather shave
my hair off and rip off my face and look
like her even though I cleared up in the
video which she has watched because
she's suing me for that I just meant I
was gonna shave my hair off and cover my
face because every time I achieved a
collar
I changed my hair I get compared to
someone and every time I do something
different I get compared to someone
different and just because I have a face
automatic IQ compared to so many people
she's the most irrelevant one out of all
of those people and she's pushing this
thing like whatever whoever okay that
was it
so if you want me to make a full video
clearing up clearing everything up a
full video of like why she doesn't
really have any ground to sue me then
I'll do that
shout this person who posted on the
hashtag here Bridget on Instagram you're
really cute I forgot to do it in my last
video because I'm incompetent
but yeah that's really cool thanks for
watching please subscribe please like
this video and please do some other
things
um do I have an outro I don't think I do
okay goodbye
