hi what's up yeah
etc is really late today wait actually
no before I explain what the video is
I'm going to give you a little bit of a
life update ah one my last video about
that if you follow me on any of my
social medias here apart from Twitter oh
yeah from Twitter because I'm banned
from that for the rest of the week
because because of a certain uh
washed-up rapper whose name rhymes with
piggy joy Thank You J lazier yeah she
told my last video about her and her
loyal wants to sue me I'm pretty sure
you can't sue someone for what happened
in that video that they've came to
defamation of character but it doesn't
really make much sense to me because all
I did was show the tweets that she said
to me which were public which she wrote
herself which kind of means she
defamation her own character
I just accelerated it so she's suing me
for something that she did stupid if you
want a video explaining the situation
and me talking more about piggy is a
little alien then leave like down below
this video guess like what under 10,000
likes I'll make a video ASAP explain
this situation hmm yeah okay right so
today this video this video is one that
I've seen just about every single person
on the internet I do recently involves a
face and it involves makeup for the face
and it involves other people who are
better at putting things on that face
than the person who is the thing to
think on their face that makes sense
well today I'm going to try and follow a
Jeffrey saw makeup tutorial but oh yeah
I'm gonna put a twist on it
tomorrow I have a prop today it is a boy
seventeen he doesn't okay so you excited
me fifteen
face no you think I'm gonna do a good
job no me neither
let's go a lot though because we have
sought to make up tutorial I'm gonna get
the password guys more is cute how about
this
red hot blood sugar makeup tutorial what
does that sound like diabetes okay
blood sugar I'm gonna play it chances
are I'm not gonna have everything that
he has because you know I have a limited
stash I'm not professional I'm actually
in I'm definitely not professor I'm not
really quite bad so oh by the way Jeff
Excel doesn't have any eyebrows and you
have a lot so we're just gonna
except mine Oh playing in the background
but no instead I'm dead I die
let's the next to the building report
David it's like one of my video is that
you just doesn't stop and I so I think
you definitely know okay they they just
stopped it on the eyes which means I'm
gonna have to try and copy what he's
done on his face
this is you might hit hoodie or I've got
nothing on doing fine oh just okay so we
finally got him naked she's just the
type to go last night I didn't think it
was gonna bleed anyway you're just
balance a pot cream on my blade City
kebab in the background
this is Kalamazoo bienick he said it's
my food how's your skin right now you
shaved the first time earlier you for
free to our lives my business and I know
you put you've already stripped me off
you don't put a hair but not with the
flips a nice least looting something no
no seriously this is my service right
about here looks like a goober Satori's
no James I'm a vampire you can't just
pull why move it into me shoulder just
because they doing how did it get
looking
smooth stuff what the hell a little bit
it's not the video over guys thank you
just very white yeah I'm seriously what
what actually doing what is where's the
red hot blood sugar it's getting yeah
well no longer I'm dizzy
we're not approaching columns I don't
want to do it that's ridiculous
oh he doesn't have eyebrows I'm gonna
have to try they're not really that gone
though are they the next he makes his
cheekbones look better it isn't about
provenance it's about art
forgive me I don't have the proper let's
do the drawing that will do my eyes so I
think the first thing you did that she
was sweetness okay I already have this
which is the one you have but whatever
for the boy he has so I have this one
Oaks don't have anything to wet it with
so I'm gonna get this
so I'm just gonna and yeah it's just the
broviac gonna reimburse already it's all
blue to keep on laughing in your eyes oh
I wanted to shave there we didn't see
any white highlights okay so it looks
like it's time to read we were ready to
go some remember this one on the dog
Hollis is this isn't right I'm sorry and
then it looks kind of gold here you
didn't show you what calling you you
know it's kind of guessing
before we get is shown in a second all
right now Nicole is gonna cut the crazy
she guys you're blending out with the
brush I didn't know whether I've done it
right yeah so just took I'm taking a my
brush with no product on it okay this
will give me a really nice base for what
I start blending all the shutters I'm
all right so know what's next moment
sighs please be quiet I'm sorry Jim good
good
I'm dipping into extraction extraction
Hawaii
put on the two-finger again a little bit
a little boy should do this with so I
guess it's coming everywhere again oh
yeah
glorious it's done exercise oh my god
you're so shiny my hat blowing my
shoulder somehow I have to okay okay
look you do this I'm just so bored right
now I'm so done with this oh whoa I give
up since Morgan won't cooperate just do
anything okay great so this has been a
video this was horrible leave a like
down below if you're me just retry this
with another person on my own face I
leave a like down below and every year
10,000 likes I'll make a part two on the
igloo as alien series and let you guys
know why the hell it is suing me goodbye
that's it
