hmmm I wonder what's going on on the
internet today I don't know let's check
Twitter
oh dude from white chicks and that girl
from 2012 who used to kind of not really
be able to rap igloo Xavier she said I
was fat and ugly well you know what
igloo I'm getting away with this
then we just close my tabs real quick
let's go I think the whole point of this
person not always the town hi before you
ask yeah I don't get it either
oh today have been my ugly I say my old
me because you know I was just sitting
here minding my own business trying to
make some videos to try and make some
funny tweets on the Internet and all of
a sudden I'm just I'm just sitting like
this just tweet it away it's my name my
oh gosh not a business I put my phone
down for few seconds I go to the door
guess who's there oh yeah delivery guy
bringing me a white chocolate cookie
with strawberries on top there's where I
be the end of a job'
I'm just at the table over there minding
my own business I think what's going on
in the Internet pick up my phone oh I
think my phone it's a time machine I
think I just went back in time back to
2013 which was the last time we saw a
guy azalea and for a second I thought
wait it is really my mentions or am I
just scrolling through my homepage oh
wait no she's active me great what's
this then continue to call Yvonne still
minding
business and oh for some unknown reason
she must have been searching her own
name that day because she saw this tweet
that I tweeted that's the clothes you
have follow my Twitter because I'm a
comedic genius and stuff like that
happens there okay okay you haven't seen
my face before which you probably
haven't there's a red subscribe button
down there below please click here to
see more content like this this was a
very interesting situation and I
document all of my life on my youtube
channel and if someone's gonna be mean
to me while they're sitting there crying
about it I'm gonna use it for these
entertainment cuz I love you guys if you
guys don't know who Igor would say you
guys didn't know that Igor as a lyricist
you might have heard of some of the
music in like 2012
below Jake Paul songs has been getting
more views than her music videos these
days and she assumed that I was saying
mean things about her on Twitter so she
decided to attack me
degrade my looks argue with my sans
argue with her own fans make herself
look completely incompetent withdrew all
of her statements and deleted all of the
tweets or without looking for any type
of context you must be doing something
wrong if you assume just because someone
said your name they're trying to insult
you
that's just my opinion if you guys don't
know it's kind of a running me will my
travel that you guys say I look like
different people and it's also kind of
running mean that I get angry about that
I just want to be me like it's 2018 now
kids we should all be except yourself
the most common person that people would
compare me to and compare my looks to is
Noah Cyrus I think no super cute I love
her I love her music however it's just a
meme get one meme and every now and then
a new name will pop up if you didn't
notice I just dyed my hair blonde posted
a picture on Instagram and I've got a
couple of comments from people saying
that I look like a keas alien now I
wasn't even that offended by this I
think she's pretty cute since all the
surgery and stuff but but unless
someone's actually physically done me
wrong I'm not the kind of
that's it they're on Twitter calling
someone ugly I'm just not everyone has
their insecurities look like tiny boobs
stop saying a look like Iggy Azalea and
I thought Noah Cyrus was offensive I was
shaving my hair that's it
I remember review my face not followers
of me who no contact so don't just
attack people without any background
information they know it's a built-up
anger of me being compared to everyone
else because of my face but my mother
blame my genetics don't blame me don't
take out me kid so you do compare me to
relatively attractive people so I'm not
that bothered it's just a joke it's just
me interact with my followers so that's
when equal people got a little bit angry
hey just the future Kara coming in here
after I finished filming this video I
came upstairs went on Twitter went on to
my one word tweets and I saw that one of
you had sent me the actual reply that
she sent me that she deleted like
straightaway cuz she's a pussy and she
know she's wrong what have you sent me
the actual tweet that she said and oh my
gosh I didn't realize what mean horrible
she was what she said was next-level
mean like if I was one of those
sensitive girls that got really upset
when someone like called you up I'd be
like crying especially considering I
didn't say anything mean about her or to
her just like guys still comparing me to
other people it's like such a meme now I
wouldn't want your face or your body if
I was often in exchange from God himself
God does not like you be humble babe cuz
you're not a body and that's the tea
firstly I am look at this body look at
this body I'm such a body okay Louie you
to dictate who is attractive or not I
never said you were unattractive
not even once I just don't get it like
I'm more of a baddie than you just like
just in case because she does silly
every record of her being mean to people
on the internet that's how much for
horrible person she is it just really
upsets me to think that she could be
saying this stuff to like actual people
of actual feelings action emotions
people who like actually get upset by
this and I didn't know why she thinks oh
that's okay oh wait she doesn't think
it's okay because she deleted it yet she
said anyway and for the record I
wouldn't want your body Eva Guerra enjoy
being 17 I didn't realize you were still
so dumb I've have a shake my head that
could be compared to you two
that's just a joke like yours was to me
no shade I just don't want to be
compared to you enjoy your day go oh my
god
I'm Aboriginal I don't want to be
compared to anyone it's not the fact
this you I mean now it's it's you I've
seen how yeah I don't know I don't care
about your outer appearance it's what's
on the inside that counts
and you don't have much that's probably
why it's kind of going downhill but like
I feel like you go Iggy Iggy Azalea my
name is Morgan now I don't agree with
the things you said sue Cara
however everybody deserves a second
chance she's what we're gonna start
tasting better
Oh jiggly Piggly poof please subscribe
imagine how low your self-esteem must be
just automatically assume it's almost
bursting you for your appearance when I
read that comment that said someone
compared with Iggy Azalea I actually
went haha Morgan someone just said look
like Iggy Azalea what's new who's the
best like in the comparative right as
they pour go and he was like oh is she
cute and I was like yeah she's right I
wasn't even joking saying you are ugly I
was making a joke about how people
compare me to other people all the time
do your research so even knowing them
for my sake because I don't care I'm
getting a video outfit go make yourself
look bad and this G no John replied and
said why are you a grown woman and body
shaming 17 year old yes John yes that's
true thesis and evil people and evil
replied and said how am i shaming by
saying I don't want to trade honey poet
disgusting isn't it yucky it's your key
you can keep your face I've done some
more research in trouble you can keep
her all I said is the feeling is mutual
I love how you think it's fine for her
to give her opinion but it's unjust of
me to give mine blow
see when you do clownery the one thing
I've never understood about this female
was what she doesn't speak like a human
being it's got an opinion
I hate young people pull the edge of my
opinion when it's not an opinion it's
just you being a hashtag Savage I wasn't
even giving an opinion I'm talking about
something completely unrelated how
attractive you are anyway John Johnny
here he knows the facts
all she said was that she didn't look
like you you're attacking her son no
reason this is why we counsel two years
ago truth teachers talk about
floundering well this dude he's G Oh and
after that she had more to say she had
some more to say about my appearance I
also gave my fault she got the face of a
brother our CVS worker I don't know that
it's like am I supposed to do background
checks before replying to little to come
out to her mouth long dot firstly I said
one thing went off Twitter wouldn't even
babsworld you it's just like I didn't
like it give a Lea that was it that was
it more come out of your mouth in the
last two seconds okay on my arm oh oh
it's a life what is wrong with you woman
honestly are you that bored I don't get
when you'll have a failing career why
you gonna try and make it sell some more
but who do you thought if that's
retracted I'm not gonna hate I'm not a
hater unlike you what else did you have
to say mmm so bulky yourself pervert
okay you're gonna have to go Bethany I
said it was offensive that people just
keep comparing me to other people I'm
not actually offended I'm just being
dramatic
I'm just being sarcastic I'm just being
a cool trendy kids shut up Pogo secondly
again I have said before that I think
Noah Cyrus is cute but hey you like to
run your mouth for that fat Jackie and
then this sarcastic tweet comes how much
shame someone who just saved you Iggy
clientele she's 17
well bitch dot dot no icon and the clock
is ticking duck eighteen fast you should
learn now life is better when you keep
it cube says you
tells you attacking a minor even though
in my opinion doesn't really have
anything to do with it the full-grown
one was failing career attacking the
minor for not even saying and if you've
got a clutch she just bought yeah she's
doing anything I hate people like this I
hate people who take their insecurities
out on other people like just because
you hate yourself doesn't you have to
hate everyone else oh and then and then
she stopped tweeted me let's up for
about two hours and then deleted it
let's read this kids online on some
Benjamin Button who's the huh
look in thirty in the face and talking
about you have cut back at me edgy I'm
only seven firstly thirty in the face I
haven't got a single wrinkle I have such
a baby face it's insane I don't look fer
key but comments about me ameen volume
and laughable also pressed about this
yet you're such a hypocrite and here's
why firstly she's acting like I said to
me personally to her
I never recorded to her personally I
never said you can't say anything to me
I'm only a kid because it has nothing to
do a bit if you're a bitch you're a
bitch and you've probably been that way
your whole life lord knows Lorde doesn't
know the Lord does not respect you I try
my best
it's not working some of y'all got to
stop going so hard on the contour kits I
can really shaming females people for
expressing themselves like you said
yourself I'm almost an adult yet I have
to stop wearing makeup so that you don't
accidentally roast me on Twitter I have
the kids
I want to babysit y'all not saying yo
you just did you called me ugly you said
I look like a CBS work you tapped me on
Twitter for no apparent reason you said
you'd rather shave your hair than look
like me even though I didn't even say
that about you you insult my age you
insinuate that I'm seven years old after
saying I'm almost 18 like make your mind
up I said
thanks for the clickbait jokingly I
wasn't even gonna make video about it at
this point
and she said knowing the way YouTube is
set up I don't think there's much more
to Harry values begin you know I have a
no flaming kids policy but you just
think this I have a very much of the
opinion if someone sets the record what
about you go for it back I didn't say
anything bad about her I just told my
subscribers that this comparison stuff
is getting out of control
in a joking matter I think that I do
failure and of course because you're an
ugly pig of feeling you but job it's
awful you're rude you'll meet people the
internet you have no idea how to preset
yourself you're a hypocrite I mean all
true statements but did I do that
no I didn't I just said how guys are
finding new people to compare it to you
gonna rip my hair out and take my face
else you can't do it anymore
Oh Kyra you're fat you did like CBS
workers I hate you you don't even want
to look like yourself
after this I had to go and remind myself
what you look like since I don't think
anyone seniors than twenty thirteen
anyway but whatever anyway knowing that
we YouTube set up I don't bring as much
monetary value to be gay
oh so you're you're coming after
youtubers now and how much money they
make Jake and Logan Paul probably have a
higher net worth and you start off with
most minecraft youtubers probably do if
this is about money which is it's just
me showing people you're rude and
hypocritical even though I think they
already knew that which is what it's of
listening that's why then that's why you
were just in a stupor commercial with
rice gum and I can assure you more
people watch that commercial to see him
instead of you just aware of the world
now equal people what can I say I'm not
even using the situation for Clow or for
views or for attention because I mean
this go up eight million followers on
Twitter just attacked me and I gained
less than 100 followers from it I do not
have very high hopes oh if I thought
you're alright I put your music was
mediocre and I thought you are okay
looking for opinions changed what you
show you ugly on the inside you're
automatically so much uglier on the
outside Adam this is fury key it will
look nothing like you just kidding I
don't care about her that much my hair's
worth more anyway that was super weird
guys let me know what you thought about
that down below
definitely go follow my Twitter because
crazy stuff like this happens all the
time if they're gonna come for me if
you're watching is thinking while
hearing hey you're such a rude
disrespectful person can you at least
try and have like a little bit of clout
to give to me because the people who
have been roasting me so far aren't even
doing anything for me like if we're
gonna try and offend my feelings of
still police gave me some new
subscribers I can entertain can also
like - how about oh everyone having a
great day I heard if you were having a
bad day my misfortune somehow brought
you some light somehow entertained you
somehow took you out of a dark place and
made you a little bit better for a few
seconds a game starts laughs ah follow
me on my social media I'm gonna be
having you crazy mutt
it's gonna be pretty lit follow me turn
on my post certifications because like I
said it's gonna be so related stock
wares and clout on your body you know I
mean I don't really know what I'm saying
anymore have a great day I appreciate
you all so much drop a like and leave a
comment down below letting me know if a
key is early or ever affects your
Twitter boy what to say is we're over
