it's time to the Baker Ville hmm Wow
good morning hmm you know since this
morning
something's happened in the morning that
make me not feel very good about myself
you know when you wake up in the morning
and then you go and look your face you
figure out it so I look like that all
night was I really that ugly my sleep um
so let's go take a trip to the mirror
and see how trapped I'm looking today
let's go I've been kind of fed up how
ugly I've been looking every single day
of my life I hate going every single day
telling me that I'm ugly telling me that
I look like no authorities talk with
that so I think I'm gonna make a change
Jovie bleach mmm that's my mom
lightening qualities okay
no I'm not I just got your urine in my
hair for no reason and I'm not even
pretty basically yeah
w-what just start - beauty guru video
I'm not really sure why I'm doing but I
just spent four hours in a hairdresser
oh my god my neck hurts oh my god my
soul hurts oh my god my ego hurts from
staring in that mirror I don't know what
it is about hairdressing mirrors they
make you look so much of you in every of
mirror in the Hindhaugh world not really
sure what's up with that maybe it's so
like you go back because you think now
I'm ugly maybe that's the switch things
like this changed my hair no they make
you so ugly you're a boy you wouldn't
understand oh I got it done it's been
like four hours we go to pay Morgan got
his done as well I'll show them yours
because they basically even though I'm
16 I got my hair dyed to look like an
old man I've gone gray so I'm gonna like
roughly reveal it I guess later on in
the video
little anecdote so I certainly literally
hours in there and Morgan was like what
your sons finished like an hour and a
bit before mine maybe so we go to pay
and I have no idea how much it was gonna
be like they didn't even give me like a
rough idea of how much it was gonna cost
it's like whatever me and moving really
similar things done
however he obviously has a little less
help me because he is a boy now we
assume I sorry
so we go to pay we got to pay more
compares before me and they said okay
that's 90 pounds and I'm like the law
and look and I've got like 10 times more
head in here I think oh my gosh 300
pounds if you don't mean it you know I
don't really care about my appearance
that much like I'm not a beauty channel
I'm not Beauty tuber like my parents
isn't really my main priority I'd rather
not spend that long money on my hair
I've never really cared about my hair
but it's just naturally like now like
it's really curly and dry and it should
I just don't care about it so I was like
damn this is gonna be a lot of money
this is this is gonna be so much and
turns out when I was only 18 I was like
7 has less and his don't even know how
that happened but anyway that was fun I
choked not spawned because I don't see
why they would return out him recommend
20 gladly I thought let's not go there
for the longest time so soon - I was
gonna be like so expensive just for like
the same and so what you get anywhere
else but they were like so nice and they
did it so good and they just like I'm
not the best thing about the whole
experience was they didn't even talk to
me that much I hate it so much my
biggest pet peeve is when people speak
to me and it's not even that like I hate
people
it's just that I'm just quite socially
like awkward like they're like oh do you
want to drink I'm fingers yeah I really
want to drink but like I don't want to
seem like I'm asking for stuff you know
in me and my life anyway that was a nice
conversation we've had again I have some
dinner now and I'm gonna do full hair of
it when I get back to the mix household
and I'm gonna talk to you about my hair
guess which is really weird no-footed be
making a video like this okay let's
transition out mm-hmm hi what's up I'm
here inside and yes this is a box on my
head so today today was an interesting
day dyed my hair
Koller and let me explain the process
real quick so I used to have like blonde
hair my whole life and then I turned
like 11 and then randomly I hit puberty
and it just went dark brown I don't know
why it was super weird and then I got
kind of bored of it and I thought yo I
just want to be bond again so I went and
got a full head of blonde highlights and
I ended up looking like this and every
person I meet always says to me wow you
look so much better blonde here's a text
from my actual mother
it was quite degrading honestly like oh
you don't like me the way I naturally am
oh yeah that's fine I'll just I'll just
change every aspect about me to why I'm
even doing this you can just see the
whole thing I've been saying I was gonna
go back blonde for a while and I always
kind of put it off I guess I finally did
it yeah it's time for the big reveal
I mean it looks super weird in this
lighting I'll take you into a different
lighting in a bit and like do a little
cool girly photoshoot but I guess I kind
of like it
it's really really nice it feels really
soft it smells good I don't really know
much about her but I think this kind of
like suits my skin to him quite well
it's not as blond as I wanted it when I
originally like wanted it done I showed
them this picture of Slee the Gomez cuz
everything looks so cool and I wanted
dark roots as well but because I had my
hair bleach before on I died a couple
times they said it would be like it was
like too crispy it was like two dead and
like you've just snapped in half if they
just full-on bleach my whole head in one
go I was like around well I'd do
anything for like beauty right when they
get me more subs or more people like my
pictures all my hair fell out rate title
in the end I decided to do what was best
for my health and not my self-esteem
finally I have priorities and they gave
me a forehead of blonde highlights I
don't really know what else to say
however I am gonna go back to their
addresses and I think I'm gonna get like
more highlights or like died more
intense because I want them more like
have a white blonde I don't really know
what to say so I'm gonna stop now ok bye
hey hi so I don't know if you can see
it's a different lighting now twice it
looks like ginger okay not single
lighting he's picking up a true color of
my hair
I think it's cool it's a lot Ronda it
looks ginger and her gross on camera I
don't really know why but it's like such
a good blonde I love it
much I'm gonna definitely go I think
blonde uh make sure you leave a like
down below if you want me to go even
blonder than this and just go for like
you're crazy transformation rules are
meant to be broken
I'll oh he think I'm turning into the
same color as Pogo
