what no I'm not hi what's up was hanging
or scoochie guys today is not very Gucci
because we're going to be doing things
are very cheap and couch is very
expensive very out of my price range
which is why I'm doing this ok I have
decided I'll have you know that I am a
lady who loves a bargain that is totally
not true actually I really I really
don't I have no concept of money this
isn't a fairy procession this isn't
about my problems that's not talked
about me let's talk about clothes hi
welcome to beauty with you anyway hi
today I'm gonna be buying some clothes
from this really really cheap website
called wish shopping made fun and today
I'm gonna find out if shopping really is
as fun as they claim I'm gonna take it
one step further from all the beauty
gurus and I'm actually going to wear the
outfits I don't know how to do a horse
so this is not going to be a haul video
I have not been trained in how to be
boring so let's pick out some clothes
okay I am currently on the homepage of
wish and I have made some assumptions
already firstly it's September why is
there so much Christmas stuff also Harry
Potter socks why did they look like baby
feet female you have baby feet get that
checked out there are some eyes for sale
for British pounds certainly five
thousand plus people were in need of
some new eyes you know what mine are
working fine right now I'll pass Oh dead
foot skin five pairs of veg foot skin
I'm really starting to see what kind of
website this is now this is for people
with few fetishes up here we've got some
baby feet which someone call the police
and more people with baby feet you know
what let's make our first purchase the
baby feet socks
what kind of tube would you say my feet
are this toes black I have kind of small
fee let's go for short you why does have
a time runner is it going to explode
none of these things have a description
I just have pictures what what is what
does that mean dude they've literally
just put on a hot comb photoshopped her
over way this Instagram model here has
obviously had her photo stolen and been
Photoshop
overweight to sour products I've been
using this product now since they
arrived amazing you don't feel so hungry
all the time
or you could go to the gym like Oh
earrings my ears aren't pissed
should I get them pissed for this video
oh my god yes keep watching very fine
breathe in and every round that's such a
big needle don't look at the needle and
look this wide it's okay it's through
you put a needle in your ears don't like
baby what does that even mean
auntie bear a sanitary pad for your
eyeball I guess I don't know what this
is I like yeah badgers Columbiana open
bus body shapers fantabby control but
lifted body suit full body shaper waist
clinches Spanx shapewear class size
format plus-size they call them this
plus I call black definitely one of the
more questionable articles of clothing
has arrived and I guess it's time to say
goodbye to my respiratory system because
for the next 10 minutes or so I am NOT
going to be breathing as you can see
with what false we've managed to get it
passed the buck I'm not really sure what
to do about this
three days later it has clasps and a zip
which to me feels like a lot I mean
I don't really know how to comment on
this to be honest but the true test is
to see if it actually makes me any
skinnier last guinea legend went off I
am never seeing that over again
it has its force it definitely does
smooth out this area of my body this is
a picture of me wearing this dress a few
weeks ago if you go and look at my
Instagram there are quite a few comments
of people saying they think I'm pregnant
very nice but since you lose this you
also lose this where is it going
that's better you're just gonna have to
like walk around like this for the whole
night you want to be a big booty bitch
despite the fact you can clearly see the
straps overall I don't really feel like
more of a skinny legend however I do
feel more asthmatic because I can't
breathe can't and don't recommend so
here are they implying if you put these
again sanitary pads on the bottom of
your feet that you're going to get
skinny oh my god they light up you know
I'm gonna get an infection but I am
going to pierce my ears for this video
and then put a light-up LED light
Christmas gift Halloween party square
night bling stud earrings fashion
jewelry I'm gonna get an infection and
die but sort of use please like and
subscribe my channel
Morgan would play hide and seek in the
dark and the only way you can find me
it's for my light up earring cool ok
good I'm gonna go hide bye gonna be off
right 3 2 1 let's go yeah where do we go
I tell you what I don't know how she'll
don't miss what is Keira so you never
know I'm gonna check my room she's like
a spider you know I always like to just
there but maybe she called over the beam
or something I'm checking I don't care
oh my god yeah this is actually so
spooky guys it's actually lighter if I
through the camera so we're both in this
together
Oh God um I saw a light on this stupid
yep there is this cheap thing I don't
know she didn't really tell me that
rules she's lying here anyway so uh Wow
modern technology la dee da dee da la
dee da dee doo Cara's room I'm coming
for you after I need to check the
bathroom
Oh guys guys it's so dark in here I'm
intentionally blind guys the motion
sensor again in modern technology okay
yo she's not in here obviously but now
it's time for the spooky room you know
what
karaoke things you hear sounds from her
room so I'm not joking when I say I'm
actually kind of scared I don't go in
that much it spooks me okay here we go
here we go I'm doing it I'm doing it
okay no I'm going in the bathroom first
I'm too scared I'm going to the bathroom
I can't see sorry mr. chicken you scare
me I only do that if it's a poop or
paint but it smells okay we need to keep
it exploring now gun Wow Kara how
convincing not like you made down fears
at all guys honestly I swear
kara just sucks of these hide-and-seek
games like the Ox advocare you lose come
on there we go
wait what
my boss carry you okay KITT whoa whoa
wait the whole see what that was going
on Oh
oh my god guys I think it was I think
Cara's just disappears
guys I think she might turn into a ghost
whoa whoa whoa what are you doing we're
going well for you got me fooled
got me fooled I took one out we get like
kind of beginning to bleed well you know
what Kara yeah you tried your best in us
all the mothers do you like them yeah
they're very nice Jake you're not
forgetting infection okay
fashion great wig cosplay long curly
wavy hair full bang synthetic hair
witbier
it does shed a little bit apparently
kara why do the wig on
I think that's coming out for you
the wigs not looking too good you're
getting weird looks from people
okay God yo take it off you're
embarrassing us everybody's looking
those where Cara the work has to fly is
it time for the week to flew we've been
through a lot together today but it's
now time for week two flu
here don't litter there's a bin right
here let's go and find something I can
put in the farm nail to this video it
gets fused that looks fun
oh they look cute beige beige is a solid
color they have arrived I am going to go
outside to go and watch a movie with my
male friend and I thought why don't we
step this outfit up a notch because you
know there are many holes that's just
like I'm back at school I literally
haven't more than anything that clinks
my life as much since I was 10 I know
all my toes at the same time and I know
I have a black toe now I stopped it on a
waterfall you don't have to tell me I
was born this way God makes no mistakes
okay get off my wig whoa he's actually
kind of pretty I don't know who's
wearing this but I mean it's kind of
cute oh boy that's a soft this is by far
the best thing I've purchased yet I
don't know if it's just my questionable
fashion taste or there were so many
other easier ways they're gonna showing
you that or if these are just really
cool they literally glisten like so much
but I don't know let's see if they have
giant holes leading up to my lady area
by the end of the night we'll see let's
go 2,000 years later hi it is many hour
later as we cover a general appearance
very fastly decaying but I have updates
as you can see giant hole giant hole
none left that is because I am what's
known as a picker and when I see a hole
I just I just go crazy but that doesn't
excuse the fact that there was a hole
for me to pick to start with and we were
just watching a movie
I was just sitting down for two hours
there's no reason why this should have
been a hole but overall I looked at that
wait don't have my feet I should be able
to sell that paper me money for
uncensored put footage but this is my
favorite thing yet I love it okay
nothing I would ever wear but cute maybe
let's get it in a medium it has arrived
it's not on my body yeah but I'm very
excited to put it on my body
you know why the female in the photo she
looked very um how we put it up nothing
like me
meaning she was actually hot and had
nice body she looked like she worked out
and did squats
probably
absolutely nothing to do if the dress
but I want to look like that so it comes
with a lot of kind of shoelaces I feel
like if you're paying money for
something you shouldn't really be forced
to do labor yourself if you're like that
something that underpaid workers should
be doing in the factories but they've
got a cut costs well there's a reason
that this was like $2.99 there's the
ones I guess I'll put it on and see if I
have a magical transformation right off
the bat it feels like it's made of the
same material as my underwear that's
good look I I'm not claiming to be a
professional lace or anything because I
don't even know how to tie my shoelaces
yeah that's my mother's job still I want
to say this has both too much lace
there's just lots of excess and also at
the same time not enough this one just
didn't show up anywhere you can see my
underwear I mean the fabrics are
obviously extremely cheap like I don't
even know who makes stuff this bad but
it's just not very flattering it makes
all the wrong bits kind of stick out and
it's uneven I don't know if it's just my
body but it's kind of all right on this
side and then this side makes me look
like I have giant arm flab I don't
understand this isn't what I signed up
for
actually it was I don't know do you
think I look sexy I'm sorry you had to
see this okay easy cute I like them
let's get them in green the item has
arrived I actually cheated and wore them
outside many a time waiting for the
other things to arrive they're very good
for doing spooky dances in do the force
I really like them the only downside
though they totally look okay but they
kind of feel like they're made out of
swimming costume material and you know
what there's only one way to test that
out that area that's probably not true
for me no Karen okay
yeah I can't stop you just do it oh for
God's sake this is my girlfriend I want
to try this this is my but before the
magical but pants having a couple of
problems getting them on to be honest oh
my god and this is my but after the
magical but pants um question what is
this I'm pretty sure people don't have
this even big booty bitches and here is
a side-by-side let's go get some
opinions
I've noticed that walking feels a bit
strange in Morgan does my butt look any
different you touch it I guess what
what's that nothing brother which makes
it pop out no are you more attracted to
me not really much big big mushrooms
like come on give up my thoughts gonna
go into hibernation you can't touch it
for another three weeks thank you okay
you okay with that do you even like me
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die
it's that easy well maybe not die but
your parents won't love you anymore he
said
