what happened between you and so hi
what's up dogs so today I'm gonna be
bringing you an interesting video packed
with fun and adventure and bad things
firstly this not the dog the thing I'm
wearing this is exciting
I know it has official print of basic
bitch that was talking about every
article of clothing and Urban Outfitters
in 2017 but as I want it yeah get it cuz
I have no clout cool how I got
distracted until me already
okay so what what is and what is up I
don't know if you've noticed you
probably haven't kept track of my last
couple of videos because I filmed them
on my phone in willful quality I didn't
have my camera and it was my own fault
because you know I was incompetent and
kind of left the only thing that I need
on the outside of the country but hey
it's you know I have it now ready to
create some quality content I've never
done that before
maybe this will be a first probably
won't if you haven't seen me before
good for you feel free to press that
subscribe button down below
one light equals one prayer for my
allergies because I am at the allergic
to dogs
you know what I've kind of done with
life anyway so if you really want to I
have a variation of social medias you
can follow me on but you don't care
about that let's just get into the video
I started doing this thing recently
called not giving about anything good so
when I asked you guys to ask me some
stuff give me simple challenges
give me some dares I asked you to ask me
questions that you didn't think I was
gonna answer and then I asked you to
give me dares and challenges you didn't
think I was good too and you know what
I'm probably still not gonna do them
just kidding I'm gonna try my best
because that's all you can do I deeply
regret sniffing the dog okay let's go
the first question is why are you
thought to be fair I really don't know
what that means but I don't think I'm
one like I feel like if I was a fault if
that's how you pronounce it I feel like
I don't leave like no I feel like I know
that you know I mean well sorry I'm a
bit hungry next question next question
is what happened between you and social
climbers
who's up some like kind of cold it
sounds like it what done name is YouTube
just for money and fame and the honest
answer is no as it created there is
something so joyous and happy making
people laugh making people feel inspired
by my content the only reason why I do
this is to make 11 year old girls smile
is to make them feel loved is
entertainment is my passion I don't care
if I can't afford to eat as long as I've
got a camera and a dream I don't care if
I'm homeless on the street Kiera you're
in a bathroom yeah I am a core bit dark
so I had to move here into the bathroom
if you've got a problem with that come
and fight me on the subject of that
someone else asked what do you think of
the case I wear the fight the other
night well honestly I have a couple of
opinions about it number one if there
was a female undercard me and my scrawny
little arms would have been so up salaah
leave a comment down below with the name
of a youtuber you'd love to see me go
head-on with and put myself in process
number two it was really just
heartwarming and even though the
comments in the chat the live stream
would just SWAT stickers and racial
slurs it really reminded us is like the
community spirit on YouTube that kind of
diminished a little bit recently it felt
really nice to like feel that come back
and like fully embrace it like yeah with
all this together you know I mean bigger
care side for winning we all kind of
knew that was gonna happen didn't we but
the only thing that kind of annoyed me
was after the match all the tweets were
like oh well Joe was the real winner
here he was in it for the right reasons
everything aside
not a single person goes into a boxing
match for the right reasons you go in
there to knock someone out and then cash
out no matter what message he was
promoting that's not the way people with
moles deal with their problems
the real winner was the guy that didn't
get knocked out whoever Joe seems to be
taking it well and he seems like an
alright guys so you know well done to
him I know guys since this is a Q&A I
thought I'd ask him questions myself you
know a little bit of role reversal Bongo
is an SMS texting service that knows all
about you and your circle of friends
it literally knows everything and can
somehow predict people's futures or who
they're gonna hook up with next
all you are do is text in a word like
future cross or secret with your name
and town two six six six six eight
from the UK the number for other
countries in the description so I text
bongo the word trust to see what they
had to say about me because that kind of
means a lot to me
this is what they had to say v√°manos
trust every good minecraft parody video
is made by Keira hashtag for Rose she's
in her room 24/7 creating quality
content okay she can trust morgues plus
the pogo to give her music videos no
griefers that's crazy
somehow Bongo knows about my weird
obsession with watching minecraft parody
music videos recently that's all I've
been watching real music Drake who
Rihanna who I only know awesome
minecraft parodies the next message
Bhangra sent me with Bongo knows only
griefers get to Keira she's setting
trends every day from 11 a.m. or later
Kay not today's date and she's over the
petty hey mobs wants her boss
she's only shook when her mom's not
around to cook well when my mother is
not around to cook food I have a
tendency to put on a bit of weight and
somehow Bongo knows that about me I
don't even like Subway I won't know what
Bongo says about you guys I wanted wanna
get to know my loyal subscribers better
so leave bongos reply down in the
comment section and I'll reply to the
best ones also Bongo helping me to do a
giveaway of an Amazon Alexa which is
super course if you go follow me on my
snapchat you guys can win that because
like I want to thank you guys for giving
me the platform the opportunity to be
able to partner with great people like
this but I also kind of want to give
something back to you so go follow me on
my snapchat here Bridget right now and
maybe you can win Alexa and ask us dumb
questions ok moving over the video who'd
you have the most beef with on YouTube
ok so oh and YouTube open it up like
have you open it up Kourt so type in
anyone's name in the search bar
literally anyone just pick a youtuber
type in their name go on their Channel
yeah then II regret dating greg greg was
a guy told a story time about in this
video he also found out that i did that
and we had a very interesting
conversation about it and no i don't if
i hadn't had that experience of that
particular person i wouldn't be here i'm
a very firm believer of like everything
you do needs up to something like
butterfly effect also having a
mind-probe boyfriend for so many years
kept me out of trouble to be fair so
thanks to Greg for that I think I would
have gone off the rails if it wasn't for
Greg anyway moving on that was awkward
the next question is do you still love
Morgan that's that's an awkward question
I mean like shorts Rouge yeah you know
just stop and we're like really good
friends like his closest friend a half
he's my best friend relationship is just
really confusing
that was really awkward a copy but just
showed emotion a Jo social play still
green no are you worried you won't get
any views of uptake Bay yeah when are
you gonna dye your hair back blonde I
used to be blonde I was way more
attractive look at this think she looks
like she salad I don't however in a
little dirt patch behind my ear it's
happening I just realized that people
that don't understand head I will have
no idea why I have mud behind my ear
it's not mud um just wait so it's later
on I'm in walkins house you know Morgan
more key add the guy that none of you
like and I thought since none of you
like let's play a little prank on him
and see if we can humiliate him now one
of you dared me to kiss Morgan I don't
want to do firstly if that's very
awkward it'd be kind of weird to do that
since now this is just all like platonic
there is still a little bit of banter
between us so I feel like he maybe won't
get to I agree I did this he's in his
bedroom right now around the corner he's
paying that weird game you know like
with the cars and football and then they
put the car into it like I'm gonna go
past him act like I've just finished
filming sticking my camera down there's
a tripod that I already set up they are
in the room on the other side it's an
absolute perfect position I'm gonna see
if I can get the camera on there and I'm
going to sit down and I'm gonna go and
kiss him and see what he does
probably not Oh
oh my god oh my gosh i watch this watch
this watch this one but no no watch this
what just right now over the mall look
good
oh that's so sick that's cool
that's definitely a prize well you do
your act
okay good
