hi Diane wants coochie I do ma'am bless
you far away welcome back to some more
terrible content by me Kara I don't know
oh my god it's starting I guess I'll
explain what I'm doing in a second but
they get oh my gosh the game is actually
starting what do I do
what why is the game starting already so
basically there's this new game called
um what's it called for night for night
that all that your kids are playing all
the cool kids are doing well pretty much
oh my god with extra charm I thought I'd
make a video playing it for the first
time I made a video like this about FIFA
all right I think everyone hated it
that's right boy just play this one oh
my god what the hell what would X this
one's a three and I don't like I set
this all up I don't know why it's like
playing but I guess it is a tiny I'd
like a new map I don't know what that
means I'll put it in the title for views
yeah so I thought I'd make a video play
for playing it for the first time mm-hmm
I'm so gay I'm basically I'm not that
entirely sure what I'm doing yeah I also
just a little update um I don't really
know what any of these buttons do apart
from this one Frick how do you hit oh my
gosh what there's this has been a great
intro please subscribe to my channel I
don't know what any of these buttons do
unable to edit builded what are these oh
okay nothing's happening oh my god it's
breaking breaking breaking okay see I
kind of like know what happens in a way
because I've like oh I died this is this
is gone it's gone off to a rough start
okay well now I'm dead what great intro
that's to major high here they see me
before I'm Kara but you never wait now I
don't know what I'm doing please
subscribe / subscribe button press the
like button if you like this series
where I play game for the first time
because I don't really play that many
other games apart from like minecraft
yeah
well so I said we're gonna say what's my
snack remember prick also leave like if
you don't like this series it really
helps me out does it I don't know it
just lets me know if you hate me I guess
yeah leave a comment down below let me
know what more games you want to see me
play then I guess I like play it's like
go and leave your comment and I guess
that's it now I'm gonna have to figure
out how to keep playing because I died
apparently you can't jump off the roof
what then feedback okay my account by
the way leave match leave match leave
match only match how much weight as
exceptions drop in and load Oh
game out solo I don't wanna play solo
wait do I play solo should I learn how
to play before I play up on people yeah
let's try that
okay so bit of a practice firstly Jesse
I don't even like know how to use a
PlayStation to start with like I haven't
used one of these since I was like five
you so pale like brats okay so I don't
know what any of these buttons means I
didn't run from that time I played FIFA
because when I play thief I didn't
really learn how to play fifa I just
kind of like press the buttons and focus
on the best and I scored one time leave
a like or comment down below if you want
me to do a strip fee for next maybe for
just vinegar I guess it's off the hook
what can I say I'm crazy battle bus
what's a battle bus I don't know our
battle buses oh my gosh I people what
how do I hit what do these ones do okay
I like how it gives you instructions ooh
I'm deploying a glider on I don't you
should do that yeah okay what do I want
to go why do I go whoa I'm sure I'm
bored
this is boring can I get some ground
already oh my god how do I land storm or
wiser a storm won't it tell me where's
their countdown what kind of real world
situation has a countdown to one storm
is starting oh my god she's a little
fight either
we got why'd he just break the roof how
did you do that am i doing it too
I don't think it's working is it working
I'm here over in bedroom
oh my god I'm I'm like in a Kitty's
bedroom on me that's so weird
oh my awesome I got added okay um how
did make em leave match okay these the
instructions drop in then load up pickle
on each one such forget okay say inside
an eye of the storm that the clouds are
closing in I wish Cooper made us change
game-mode ooh
you were help buddy squad no I'm gonna
play so free cos oh so oh I understand
now so I wasn't like playing like solo
with just like MPC I was playing like
solo meaning multiplayer but like
without any friends which is like me in
the real world just multiplayer in the
world without any friends I've been
thinking about it I can't name like one
friend I have I love myself too much to
have friends whatever
last one standing wins there can only be
one winner I mean okay if Sasa I get a
medal for participating question dying
together john mckean oh wait i don't
hurt him what why my back on the sky
boat i understand this game well I just
left hand back on the sky boat press X
to jump okay I want to do that for takes
such a long time I don't understand this
like I don't really understand like a
mime trying to do you go I mean like Who
am I trying to do just like kill kitties
in their bedrooms that sounds terrible I
need some lip balm
really what I feel like I'm supposed to
be doing something I'm just really not
over the hole in the ground
looks like minecraft like you're rubbing
or something I'm gonna go in there lied
Trixie I don't understand this oh my god
let's play this mushroom wait what
happens like why my read him up I don't
get it I don't want to read him up
there you go spray this rock okay got a
brick just a chi spring more blocks
cause I have another book did I've died
I'd write openly oh that's how you turn
around and get it now it was harsh like
can I get it
oh it's my car as a trap same thing wait
so I break here we get in
oh you can break everything on this game
why am I just collecting like Glocks and
stuff it's like minecraft call me crazy
microphone Wow yeah get my home and I'll
tell your soil just just make sure you
are I thought Danny whatever play
Harvest Moon like Japanese farm game
like that will grab them things you
collect yeah reminds me of that no one
has any clue I'm talking about today oh
my god
before I was a person is factor oh you
have no idea what I'm doing that each
person's mean nothing you know just
pressing them and like wait if these
happen okay edit unable to edit building
okay should I go in here this looks fun
hey am I looking for I don't really know
the aim is like oh okay so where do I
just break stuff until I like like in
the game like everyone's I could assess
this government now it's like a lot of
people are gonna be very angry at me and
I just broke my house cool me in real
life looks you break everything I love
I'm ritual why I'm doing this
what have I collected from this wait I
have lots of materials how do I build a
house there can I build a house like if
I really want to do um okay no sorry or
I've asked my I can't imagine running
this much in real life I climb trees are
people boy you suppose you just run
around how do you know where people are
just waste like him or something make up
what sweetie
dude you supposed to collect this oh my
god ooh and salt range so I just picked
them all up how do I like switch between
them now we are talking Becky I'm gonna
call her back teachers like to Becky I
think badass Becky um how is shoot Hey
what ones better
how do I know what comes better what do
I just like keep them more I don't like
paying things in third person so find
someone only shooting them okay are you
supposed to kill other people I'm really
not sure I made like supposed to be
building your house and they growing a
farm an exciting family on my life
supposed to be like just
wrecking havoc everywhere and killing
everyone I'm not entirely sure what I'm
doing right now why are people subscribe
to me oh right then though I've only got
two subscribers you can tell I'm
insecure about my subscriber count
because I'm doing a gaming video because
we call it chance because game youtubers
have like lots of search yeah I want to
find someone now like to shoot them I'm
gonna scream me an awesome spot I'd have
0 subs as he gave me youtuber because I
don't scream show just scream again let
me get some in the open scream let's go
to solve this hill and scream do it you
can do it Becky so how you Joe that's my
job I really do that I've had love pen
up issues recently what I'm we shot on
it and the diaper oh yeah
is this a dude to killed me why they all
girls I wanna like play this game with
like between the rock Johnson he's such
a daddy by the way you stop I need to
stop euthanize me why am i pressing
buttons harley's oh if you press this
button in your report oh I've been
reporting plays this whole time Morgan
I'm so sorry if your account get
suspended shit leave okay let me light
up my folks for a second so how do I
feel about this um I still don't really
know what's happening so there's that
I'm not sure the aim is I assume
okay so wife damn it so far it's just
like a storm because it would storm
everyone's have to make evacuate on the
big like airboat like the boat that goes
in that you know I mean and then they
jump off the airboat for someone one
reason I don't know why they shouldn't
get a normal boat and like climb off it
or whatever and then everyone jumps off
the airboat onto the ground and like
picks up stuff and you let you look for
guns and stuff and I don't know why
that's like guns and just random like
abandoned caves and stuff so weird like
kuving's and I'm just gonna put my gun
here anyway
and even more chapstick hold on
so anyway you look for guns and then you
shoot the other people but what I don't
get is why you wait to get to the ground
to kill everyone else because you're in
this big airboat with everyone anyway so
why are you killing them while you in
there but you go I mean yeah okay well
that was a video I didn't get any better
at that and that's about as far as they
got and then they killed me and then I
died forever so I mean that was weird I
hope you enjoyed this team comment down
below let me know what more games you
want me to play let me know you want me
to scream or I didn't feel like you
screamed it off subscribe and follow me
on my Instagram yeah and I guess however
ok bye Oh
