not okay hi hi what's up what's hang in
what's coochie how's your mum oh yeah
and you know what that wasn't completely
random that's kind of related to this
video because today me Kara I'm gonna be
doing that full face using just my mom's
makeup channel you guys always seem to
like it when I do these with makeup
challenges I really don't know why if
you just do it's like pity laugh at me
because I am the furthest from a beauty
guru imaginable I am very bad and all
things beauty guru although if you've
noticed recently I got a lip balm and
it's tinted that smells of cherries
revolutionary way to sort some makeup on
dude yeah I guess I mean I'm job just
kind of get into it let me have anything
to say about if you happen and God
follow me on my Instagram it's right
here because I really like it when you
follow me on my Instagram and I've been
stuck on 120 K followers for like three
days now and it's really bothering me so
please go follow me on minutes ago I'm
super active you guys I always replenish
with the ends and heart your comments
and Link reply to you and all that fun
stuff that your favorite creators
probably never do some cowboy feelings
yeah go do that keep it all my heart so
much on so many levels anyway I'm
rambling hi what's up let's get into the
video I guess it all got it okay so I
have a bag full of make our various
makeup appliances
and that is because I'm not home right
now so there's no possible way I would
have been able to go and get my mom's
makeup unless I went on like a 200 mile
train journey to do you know right at my
house they came over can I have your
makeup did you use for your face and
then bring it back here she would also
be like no but then again also if I was
in my house she probably still wouldn't
let me touch it but she doesn't like it
when I touch her things because of how
you steal it
use it or make it dirty I'm responsible
I'm always an adult I'm not who I had to
do was figure out the stuff that she
uses go out and then buy it and it was
traumatic buying it because I went to
super drugged and I didn't have my card
on me I just had Apple pay on my phone
and so we get in there
I like thought checking out and stuff
and all of a sudden Apple pears like
bitch I'm not gonna work and I'm like oh
my gosh you serious I'm saying that like
pressing the button fact I had Morton
with me he ended up paying for it and
I'm like slowly returning it back in
like ubers let's get into the video this
isn't completely cheating because I
stole this cream of her before it came
away because I love this cream she
doesn't watch my videos thank God which
is honestly great because she doesn't
know like half this year and it's a body
shop vitamin e moisture cream creme geez
you are hydrating me 48 H for all skin
types that was French anyway
why they gave the French on products are
sold in England is it just to make it
seem more like Gucci like oh my gosh I
get to be French like I can't speak
French it's just sweet impossible to
Rouge I saw like not anyway this is her
favorite face cream also happens to be
mine which is why I brought it with me
this isn't pretty be cheating I mean it
says she paid for her actually no I
think I bought this for her birthday she
likes expensive face creams why do
people like expensive face creams as
they go old is it cause like wrinkles
and stuff just realize I don't have a
mirror some girls do my makeup in the
viewfinder great how professional care
ah great oh damn guess you forgot to
wipe off their original makeup call me I
don't even have a hairband
I'm literally 5 years old it's 18 hours
this is so ugly I hope my future
husband's not watching this right now I
can't even look at myself okay we should
have to deal with that so my face feels
like mildly nourish can you see it it's
like dirty like every other old cousin
ever she hasn't like come across the
concept of a beauty blender or like a
brush yeah so she uses little things
like this I mean not quite like this but
I see a lot of these laying around the
house these are like the thing and then
you so much good skin is kind of in my
genetics like I wasn't lucky it just Oh
like it's just passed down I guess my
mother doesn't really wear like
foundation that often she kind of went
out weird BB cream I still from her so
she doesn't wear it because I stole it
but yeah however I went through one of
her favorite makeup brands which is
L'Oreal picked up a foundation which
seems like something she'd used on like
a cool night out or whatever and she
likes to you know tan her skin
occasionally my mother does enjoy a
dabble in the odd sun bed so she is a
lot darker than me also she I I'm not
very heat resistant I don't like being
hot I don't like it when the sun's out I
sort of like cower inside like whenever
the sun's out she goes and sits there
for like hours and so she's like super
Brown I went and got a foundation that I
think is like maybe a shade darker than
me I had to make it like as real as
possible I guess so let's see how this
works out just like a condom I feel like
she wouldn't have like a very novel and
I feel like she wouldn't really put much
on her let's just try it is just like a
light covering oh it looks like it's
kind of my column why do you smell like
fish Oh disgusting this like sponge
genuinely smells of fish like so bad me
like this is why I'm having gonorrhea
smelling like my skin gets so bad
recently I feel like Mama's better
looking than me I don't think she
athlete organs I can see you look so I
guess I'll just have to like really
really make make that stretch far run
for that okay I think I'm doing like her
night out makeup she doesn't wear they
really any makeup on a regular day
hopefully mascara and her eyebrows that
is hideous next I bought this
so it's super interesting in colorful
you know what I'm just gonna go for it I
thought this is how she does that sorry
if I'm offending her at all she doesn't
watch my video she doesn't care
actually she probably give some context
if she doesn't watch my videos all she
doesn't care about me it's that um ever
since I was young I just like soup
uncomfortable and like people a newly
found me like watch me do things okay so
it's like a fear to scorning so like
being late loads of productions like I
have a gray day in musical theater with
a distinction I never ever ever let any
of my family come and like watch any of
my performances or anything so you just
threw me off so when I like hear that
family members and stuff watch my videos
makes me so uncomfortable but it's also
like good because then I can like first
shade at the ones I don't like which is
obviously most and then some of them
just stalk me to like try and get me in
trouble
it's really weird everyone hates me I
don't know why
see yeah like she probably watches my
videos behind my back
if so hi mother what's up but um I
really doubt her I feel like this is
what she probably does like such an old
person I was getting really frustrated
walking around super drunk like looking
for makeup for this video I was there
she was walking around like screaming I
hate old people great asset right yeah
then her eyebrows there's a lot less
eyebrow than me but I think this will be
fine she uses a pencil and then they're
quite like blocky god this stuff is
awful she definitely loves his little
brush thingies uses him all the time
eyebrows are like super light dark and
she like really defines them okay well
they don't match but genuinely I think
it's just my eyebrows so much I don't
think it's the pencil I think it's just
me and they're starting to scratch my
eyebrows off so I think we'll end oh I
forgot about the shiny white bin wow
that's really good series wow I'm soo
I'm messing up really bad I also can't
be people actually use this stuff and
enjoy it I feel like I'm sick I feel
this is wrong I don't really see you I
wear lipstick very often but when I do
it's like like dark and it's like yeah I
don't know what this is I just kind of
paint
so Wow oh right it's not gonna weird I
don't know what is like is is a little
you can't hear me I don't know if this
is a liquid lipstick gorgeous it's from
Bush washes and it's called Rouge
Edition velvet
that's Rouge Roche I don't know it was
kind of nice
why are my lips burning I think I'm
allergic to it no you to everything
that's one thing me and her have in
common
we're both allergic to everything leave
a comment down below I'll make a super
interesting like genetics and stuff like
that and let me know like one thing that
you and your parents they have in common
that's like really weird ooh I'm over
logic to the same stuff so if she's
allergic to something I won't even
bother like using it because I know that
I will be allergic to her like one time
you know simple the faced office like
supposed to like make you not allergic
to her she told me she warned me and
Shakira don't use it don't use it make
it by mom I knew I what I know I'm doing
I'm mature and I'm always an animal I
was like 12 and I covered my face and
stuff because I thought it was gonna
make me clean and healthy and pure I had
a rash on my face for about a month for
my skin peeled just for ages and they
just looked so infected and look like I
had like leprosy on me they legitimate
like like scabs like it was bad
so yeah listen to your prayers kids next
I'm gonna use this extra free - Rimmel
thing and this is my mascara but we've
used the same mascara we can't have the
same eyelashes but she always buys this
for me which is why we use same one
because she always just buys my scarf
for me some reason I don't know why
she's kind of been saying she would say
buys nice ones and I always end up
stealing her she gets angry at me
whenever she like goes out and buys
makeup I buy two of everything I think I
look hideous I don't really know what
else to say I mean that was a video I
guess let me know a video you want me to
do next turn I genuinely have nothing
upset like I'm trying to think of things
to say but it was just so strange like I
just don't have anything to say so
I mean subscribe to me not that this
face is gonna make you want to subscribe
to me as well but like subscribe to me I
lots of tracks on my channel and flips
and cooking DIYs I don't but I could do
that I'm also really thinking about
making minecraft parody song let me know
down below okay
have a good day my name is Kiera your
name has been I don't know your name and
what can I ask you that kind of stuff
and I could buy my mom probably says
goodbye to I don't know just she's just
she's not watching the videos goodbye
