hi what's up was hanging with Gucci
today me Cara who should totally
subscribe to is bringing back another
installment of a video that I did before
that I said I was gonna do another party
yeah today's video is part two of this
video I was bullied for being a youtuber
at school
very dramatic however if you haven't
watch that video you can totally go and
watch that video that would be really
cool link in description let's go but
let me give you a little bit of a brief
or what happened just saying you should
like go and watch it was like funny like
you'll love it if your parents are like
you know I make you know room and like
making you late take a shower and like
brush your teeth would you like regular
human things you just need a break from
reality go watch it cool off but let me
get you up to date so basically before I
am the kind of job that school no it
didn't
I went to school for just no reason
whatsoever people just started attacking
me on their private Instagram accounts
everyone I went school just roundly
decided that they hated me one day and
everyone wanted to speak out about how
much me awful person I am and like how
much I should die and like how much I
don't deserve to live anymore like how
I'm so entitled and stuck up and how
Fame I only have like 100k subs at a
time had so got onto my head shows are a
little boring like say something
original like if you're gonna roast me
actually roast me don't just give the
generic like oh my god you think you're
better than everyone else like bitch
yeah I probably am better than you you
know why could you mean sort of arrogant
angry see ya and the finger like you
annoyed me the most if they like roasted
the Bridget spinner say roasted you guys
and they called you all 12 year old
pathetic annoying little bitches it's
not quite that but like there was like
I'll just go around your 12 year old
fans like that is not my demographic but
even if it was what's wrong with being
sorry sorry knew you were so 12 issed
God disgusting honesty me stop be more
tolerant like yeah they're all annoying
and play minecraft but you know what
nothing wrong I'm ranting but you know
what then my 12 year old fans piled up
and showed them who was boss and you
helped me worse there are some new
messages I got so yeah go watch over you
have you watched it but if you have
watched it and you're here and
and I don't know what I'm saying it's
really early it's 7 a.m. and no I'm not
awake early at 7 a.m. I just I just
haven't been sleeping up so that's that
again subscribe to me Pat thousands
quite button because you know I do think
that it is I make a lot of videos
because I never sleep literally leave a
like down below
unless ears or when I announced that I
was making that video on my social media
they they stalk me like they must stalk
me because they found out just like that
and just like that I had a DM in my DMS
of someone you had something to say
about it
now so I guess let's start from that
point so on my Twitter I announced I was
filming the video and I posted
screenshots of the things like the
message I said said to me here's some
examples of them on the screen right now
I was like yo guys I'm about to film
this video about these messages one girl
found out one girl who I didn't even
really talk about because she was kind
of irrelevant to the story and boy she
really wanted her 15 minutes of fame she
wanted to mention so bad so she starts
telling me like and he's tagged me if
you make a video or me can you uncover
my insta name in your latest tweet oh
and my boy insert some random dudes name
use were nothing to do but I guess she
thought she was trying to like sassy and
like confrontational and like I scares
no bitch like I'll set your face but I
don't think that she quite understood if
I say her name in my description and a
future employer decides yo I might hire
this girl let me google her name and
people Google social media names
nowadays because you know they
everyone's on social media so if they
were to do that this video would come up
and link her to some petty things that
she's said and link her to that
originally starting the like bullying
thing so I mean to be fair you probably
don't care about your future however I'm
not out ruin anyone's lives I am a true
believer if people can change maybe
you'll turn a new leaf you obviously
haven't yeah maybe you will get a job
one day and when McDonald's do you know
typing out your name to look for someone
to hire I don't want them to see any bad
things so that says that that's message
number one out the way next I'm gonna
talk about the girl who sent these
messages to me and she was over the one
that like did most of it she didn't
start it by never really like knew her
never really spoke to her
she fought yo I hate here why I just
don't like the way she walks so firstly
I'm by the way just judging by these you
can tell how salty these people are she
says this she screenshots my tweet and
goes Yubel end I'll use that utterly
bored and desperate for views you have
to bring back an argument that was
settled months ago however give the girl
some credit at least this time our
content will be true even if it is just
a cry for sympathy I'm gonna go through
and like analyze these and like pick it
apart bit by did but let's just keep
going with the rest of the thing she put
on her story
Keira since I assume you're just way too
famous joke and personal messages of one
of your friends what Keira since I see
we'll just way too famous open personal
messages what are your friends can
screenshot my next message
honestly Keira it feels salty about the
whole situation and it's really losing
you sleep I'm more than open to meeting
you in person addressing the situation
see if we can come to another resolution
that makes me critical of your tactics
not a bully but I must say hi do you
mind a screen and posting a warped image
of me online thousands of people doesn't
seem fair does it in fact one could say
it's cowardly hashtag just saying now
you may be yeah Kara she's got a point
she's trying to be diplomatic about this
Kara but no let me look thorry number
one let me tell you why this whole thing
is hypocritical horrible message was I
want to come to another resolution with
you the first thing she said to me the
opening line of her saying that she
wants to come to a resolution with me
was you bellend so you want to make it
up but I'm also a bellend like okay that
isn't how you apologize I would have
been way way way more open to
negotiation if that hadn't started is
you bell end I know I'm a bellend you
have to tell me and especially don't
tell me in your apology to me I'm not
desperate for you secondly this isn't
about me wanting views I've literally a
morgue his house right now I've just got
to stick a picture of him here and be
like that's views that's how I get views
this this is just funny to me this isn't
me
trying to get these at least this time
how content will be true my content
isn't that far-fetched it's nothing that
like could be faked because it's not
that elaborate like you can look back up
other people's story times are like oh
my god my dad turned into a vampire when
I was five and he sucks the blood out of
my foot and then I caught the RSPCA
because he's an animal now and then and
then we all died and all my family's on
crap we have to work I can see like all
of us they were my two year old brother
because like my dad's on crack and
that's the time that I was bullied like
what even if it is just a cry for
sympathy it's not all kind of sympathy
it's just funny and I want to make fun
of it
I'm not saying yeah like I would believe
so bad maybe that make right like bitch
in Krabi I don't know if my tears over
you it's just funny that people were so
stupid and consumed by tiny things they
got it that way
hate somebody don't even know my story
you know my name you don't know my story
son does agree with it this is the Billy
you can see she's salty Keira since I
assume you're way too famous to open
personal messages at this point she
hadn't even tried to reach out to me
personally zero attempt was made to talk
to me personally so that was just her
being a pile of salt you know just
putting out that I hadn't even made the
video at this point so really
overreacting they would have been better
just to stay quiet about it watch it be
like oh it wasn't too bad and just
ignore it
that's how desperate for something to
talk about so you know what imma give
you something to talk about
it is really losing you sleep I'm one
open to meeting you in person assessing
the situation see if we have to come to
another resolution you hold me a bellend
you're kind of hostile I don't really
want to see you in person
don't mean to be critical of your
tactics it's not a bully
okay I must say I'm hiding behind a
screen and posting a warped image of me
two thousands people doesn't seem fair
does it hiding behind your screen hmm
what does that remind me of got a double
standard it doesn't mean that you can
attack me and I can't say anything back
just cuz I have some followers and I
don't like pose a warped image of your
on mine didn't even say your name not
ones go to watch this and think boom
that's in fact one could say it's
cowardly hashtag just saying wow I
bought a trendy hip kid I just yeah it
is fair because I'm just
slicing off my own misfortune I'm giving
kids out there who feel like no one
likes them who felt like they're being
played you feel like they're being
attacked for just being themselves hope
that one day they can turn things around
and potentially making YouTube video
about it finally after saying that she
wants to speak to me in person
then after also calling me bellend which
you know kind of is qualified any chance
of that happening and sure remove your
head from your asshole and speak to me
like in person not click that you can't
use big words if you're gonna spell the
whole like whole look at me I'm so
diplomatic you asshole
maybe I would have spoke to you like you
were a person if you spoke to me like a
person and didn't open it up and you
bellend posted okay it gets worse she
has more to say about an hour later she
posts you know what Kira you do you if
you really need those views and that's
the only way to get it um well good
thanks their views but rest assured if
you do anything that impacts my life in
any way be it just one message from a
fan I will destroy you can't kiss kiss
kiss
okay terminator let's just hope none of
you guys were naughty and ciphered out
they use the name even though I've lured
them in the last video and sent the
messages but no that's not it emails me
thinking Kira you should have just like
been diplomatic and like on and spoke to
her anyway but you know what it gets
worse
here's a lot of deaf friends coming in
my last video I made a joke sounds like
yo like I'm gonna get best friends from
this video like I'm definitely gonna get
deference you know he'd leave a like and
I was I'm so big dramatic I was kind of
joking but oh no they didn't felt at
this point what fail to disappoint they
didn't fail they fail to disappoint
provided near some nice odd quality
deference let's get into them now at
this point I was lucky considering maybe
I should message her maybe I should be
like yo guys maybe I shouldn't make the
video but then you know I kind of got a
death threat so I was like maybe not
maybe I'll just uh use this for more
content prepares cringe right I think we
need a little chat
tell you because we apologized ended
fing civilly and what supposedly moved
on but some of us is stuck in the past
aren't we Kira but if you're still so
upset about e why did you never message
me because you're not upset in the
slighted slightest it's all four views
and you're so stuck-up and pompous you
will happily admit that too but to be
quite frank you're ridiculous
you've caused two people in particular a
lot of distress and it was just a
removed tbh I hope you can FeliCa n--
siddur options before posting that video
of course I'm trying to appeal to the
human left in you but I have no doubt
you will apply to this in your immature
sarcastic and simply irritating usual
way but we have a levels it's alright
for someone like you that has time to
defend themselves because you do fuck
all with zero talent and effort and
still get to live the perfect life so
you have time to dig up moldy beef then
the end of the day we all actually have
to work hard to get where we want to be
so little Fiasco is like this it's the
most inconvenient of news and if it
causes me any problems even just one
message from a fan I will find you babe
and I will kill you okay Liam Neeson and
taken because I'm not letting you
disrupt in my life over a comment
calling your videos because that's my
opinion and however much you don't want
to hear it is what I believe then and
still stick by and if you have a hard
time accepting what everyone will like
your videos I don't think YouTube is for
you kiss kiss what the fuck I've never
seen a message go from one point that
you're trying to make to a complete
other one so fast I have never seen such
sort in my life you could literally dry
out every single ocean and salt a pond
in the whole entire universe and the
sodium levels would still not be as high
as that message so let's go into an
answer so let's go into analysis mode
right well at least you wasn't opening
with New Balance this time you know
you've improved I think we need a little
chat don't you you mean you think you
just sent me some gems I'm not gonna
reply to you because we apologize
anything simply and what supposedly
moved on I just didn't want to get Beast
a score GCSE period it was so so so
upset about it why do you never message
me because I'm not upset about it
because you're not upset in the
slightest
yes it's all four views it's not four
views its content it's to make people
love it's to take that kid that hates
their life side of that reality for a
couple of minutes and laugh at mine and
see Wow Garrett had some really bad
experiences with people once you know
and she's doing all right now
and before I make any explanations
freedom of speech is like a human right
so you know and you're so stuck up and
pompous you're happy admit that to
calling someone suck off is like the
generic insult to call someone who has
something that you don't have
of course I'm trying to appeal to human
left in you you can't like try and
appeal to someone and then insult them
you're a bellend
the girl who literally said that she was
going to kill me murder me another human
being is trying to say that I don't have
any human left in me okay yeah I would
probably respond to it in my image more
sarcastic and simply irritating usual
way that you find irritating just
because I have a point a new tone
because you've suck or zero talent and
effort still get to live the perfect
life what about my life is perfect this
is what really annoys me when people say
that I don't work a lot of youtubers
like everyone takes a different path in
life some people go and get a job some
people decide to stay in school to work
towards their job we're still playing
just as much working when I was at
school doing like the free hardest a
levels ever yeah I still put more hours
into YouTube compared to like a doctor
or something yeah sure it's an easy job
I've been to school I've also studied
for exams anything it just shows like
how salty you are you have it easier
than me therefore I get to be mean to
you but you don't get to be mean back
it's not a Daland argument I don't sit
around saying you're a dumb bitch and
you get bad grades do I know you do cool
with zero Talent you know it doesn't
require Talent staying around and being
a little
bitch yeah for yourself my favorite bit
I will find you babe and I will kill you
like you can feed that sure but like I
don't get what I have ever did for you
to sit there set out and insult me like
just my opinion you're ugly like but
like I would sit there and tell you
about it because that's my opinion
however much you don't want to hear it
is why I believe them and still stick by
it what a brave little girl I'm so cool
because I'd say to your face why stay
behind your back hey bye didn't ask and
if you have a hard time accepting what
everyone will like your videos I don't
think YouTube is to you I do hundreds of
a common daily I really don't think I'm
that stressed out that you don't like my
videos I get my mom mother doesn't even
like my videos oh no I didn't think it
could but it gets worse this other girl
who was just completely unrelated to the
situation I can't believe I used to be
friends with someone like you it's
actually embarrassing you make videos
acting like you're your your God saving
you digital twelve-year-olds by bringing
up beef about pizza I'm literally
sitting here in the glow Jesus necklace
yeah because I'm a firm believer in God
and you should never play to portray
yourself will worship another Idol
because there's no higher being and the
holy Jesus himself so a special spirit
come down to save mankind my sole
purpose on this earth is to save
twelve-year-olds no Jacob satorious can
do that last not my job but this is a
bit like above all that bothers me the
most
maybe if you didn't drop out of school
you wouldn't have to stoop to that level
to get a career I dropped that school
because I already had one established I
drove a school because I wanted to I
didn't drop out of school because I had
to you know what if I stayed on a school
I probably could have like one good
a-levels because I was smart like gone
to uni and got better paying job than
what I'm doing right now if I do this
because I like him it's a shame to think
that I used to look up you well that's a
bit weird isn't it
do you know what to be fair after that
message I really wasn't contemplating
forgiveness anytime soon don't mess with
fire if you don't want to get them
that's all I'm gonna say apparently I've
heard this girl did send me a message of
somewhat of an apology number one
apparently shutting that message before
she said all of that stuff about me on
her private account that she didn't
think I'd see number two she said me
apology because she knew I was gonna
drop another video exposing the messages
where she said she was gonna kill me
number three she also started attacking
one of my closest friends because she
thought I was sneaking her and sending
her screenshots which she wasn't I have
another source you wanna apologize to me
and then go off to one of my friends for
doing nothing wrong apart from being my
friend I'm number four I don't know it
was probably buried underneath all the
messages I get from my 12 year old fans
know like really if you really want to
talk to me drop me an email my business
emails down in the description and while
you're down there you can press
subscribe give this video and let me
know video you want to see next for my
channel I don't know roasting stupid
people seems to be like something you
guys really like to see me do so maybe
I'll do more of it maybe you guys can
share your bullying experiences with me
or worse some of the people that you
hate it sounds like a great idea
I don't know subscribe to my channel
I've been Kara this has been this has
been a mess and abomination I hope the
creators have taken don't copyright me
from the word she stole from Liam nice
also hope this doesn't get copyright
strike by the Terminator film franchise
I'll keep you updated on whether I even
get murders or destroy and if I'm lucky
maybe there'll be a pot free okay Loki
if they jumped me that'll be such a good
video but hey
