where am I Who am I you're the whole
team a lot to switch you have to press
that point
wait you're not moving you're the guys
so FIFA I'm a country channel now so
there's this game and people play it how
did you play football but you don't
actually play it so it's pretty much
football but for fat people it's
football on a screen with one this wears
isn't this supposed to have a wire okay
so it's primary audience is boys that
never poor boys that don't get bit it's
boys they're gonna be virgins until
they're 37 you know just most boys there
is a very large community of males like
this on the youtubes and I thought yo
never dabbled in this before I've never
dipped my toe into the pond of FIFA
YouTube makes you know what I'm gonna do
today today I'm gonna commentate
something I don't I have no idea how to
play it I'm gonna play fever for the
first time and attempt to get more lazy
because you know I could be doing I
could be going outside and exercising
and playing real football and using my
legs but you know instead a somatic hero
decides to whip out the X station and do
her exercise with my fingers that sound
awful anyway if you haven't seen me
before I'm Kara what's up usually my
content isn't this terrible
and you can press subscribe if you
watching this could work
there's great buttons down there there's
also like button you're probably not
gonna like it dislike it let's see if we
can get this for 6 million this week I
have no idea how to do this let's go I
thought it was something else we should
be saving um so what do i do from this
point mmm help we get into a game yeah
get me into a circle wait what are the
buttons do first part why is it circles
just Circle Circle as far as you can see
we're now doing into a game so what team
would you like to be you want to be the
team that I support a mighty Sheffield
Wednesday no obviously bad why'd you
wanna be there you wanna be the best
team in the world what is that no can I
be go video games and pick some teams no
Chelsea that's what I push people this
crystal palace
never turn Buster Liverpool Manchester
City Stoke West bomb West aren't you
finished should be tough once they know
about you be pleased most people how
about me man you know I don't wanna be I
okay I don't want to be money I won't
ever went to Manchester and I didn't
like the pigeons and everyone really I
forget me I will be a wandering called
the B Chelsea Chelsea okay and you're
and you're gonna be up again you're
gonna be up against Sheffield Wednesday
yeah so you've got you've got the
opportunity here to beat my team you've
got considering Jeff your Wednesday are
like 16 from the championship and
Chelsea are like fifth in the Premier
League championship yeah it's like
you're speaking Spanish to me start
presents okay wait tell me what the
bottles mean X means a to pass X is to
pass hey what's possible X no it's pass
pass the ball somewhere else okay square
is too long pass the ball so if there's
someone on the other side into the goal
no if you want to shoot that's circle
shoe and then triangle plays like a foo
ball run what's a free ball that goes
through to someone well holy goes
through to someone like pleasure legs
yeah
and then you hold that to ruin that one
and then back to move America that's all
you need to know okay
oh my god I'm terrified
leave your people yeah the real people
wait for now that you play for Real
Madrid that's messy you play for
Barcelona with name look you guys a ps2
I don't know sounds like there we go
Watson's drivers again this one where am
i who am i you the whole team a lot to
switch you have to press that point
player
there you go okay oh no need to go
forward this way you just pull it away
from you can't really quit to rage quit
you Todd you say it you're gonna rage
quit where you can't quit you can bring
it back you can bring it back what about
everyone who's gonna be that guy it
can't be one guy send your whole team
will move it could be NPCs like
Minecraft no I'm running with it they've
been forward charge against the defense
I don't know the defense the whole team
present no that's it that's they see I
like him switch please just bear see oh
this which is the one there is the ball
you've got to switch er I think there
you go Oh No
like push him over there you go break
room with it just run past it Oh No okay
so you carry you just get to the foul no
they found you okay they found you I
don't know what that means
the linesman the lines it's just some
gray attacking football gone wispy oh
sorry we're late sacred circle it says
what oh good I feel good it's a holding
confusing xbox you're a nice portrait
that's nice
the fans they go so you just offended oh
this isn't good foot you just kicked out
for a corner to that I don't know what
I'm doing I don't have to me he's the
manager of your team he's disgusted he
went easy on each other
your mind just kicked it away from
anything look at the promoter no Twitter
follow me on twitter nice that good you
just shot from your own path where's my
heart no harm against the audience
audience all right it's not a live show
so you've got froing you've got throwing
Kira throw it in what the flip no not
the controller in the game I just kicked
someone I just it's not happy ooh where
do you look take that he just looks like
a normal person I think it should I play
into now oh why you got a
okay you're gonna touch the other tight
see if y'all throw-in don't throw it
don't say oh that's a shot ooh you miss
100% of the shots you don't take
don't play against me yeah you want to
be real Madrid London Ronaldo yeah
because you think he's a chart says got
a little money how it's you rich no I'm
richer than Ronaldo of course not how
rich is another very rich no Google that
was so there you go okay okay I just
want to say I'm just such a gold digger
I just want to say care before we do
anything I actually do apologize because
you're about to get finished can you not
be too hard no but I don't even have to
play the game does it count
wow that's racist look at these boys and
girls crosses in Jordan versus that
takes it down smashes the bully top
corner one nil to morgues here is
getting finished there we go I just
scored from these kids in doing that oh
my god helping you out okay it's an
interesting choose it's 2018 and it's
time to let OMM win Santa
women were disrespect me
that's a bit of it I hope you like that
I thought that was kind of prophetic let
me know if you like that and let me know
if you want me to play more games on my
channel that's rename this Chapel to
Keira gaming HD subscribe let me know
what games you think I should play on my
channel to the first time I'm not very
experienced in this field the only game
I'm really good at is minecraft boy
factions was my thing I would totally
range of factions unused hash yeah Oh
bro you're not a FIFA know what I was
yeah I just do okay cool I love you but
yeah
