even if I guess I just there is in fact
a reason for the silence little does
Morgan know the night before I was busy
conjuring up an evil plot to ensure that
I win this challenge because there is no
such thing as a good loser keep watching
because I'm in evil genius hello welcome
to chemistry with Keira welcome to I
don't know how to balance a chemical
equation for photosynthesis welcome to I
don't know how to make a video without
acting like a psychopath ruining it for
everybody
this is why boys don't kiss me okay but
hello and welcome to this you may be
thinking Carole what the hell are you
doing just kiss already our puny 13-mile
brains just want to see kissing we don't
care about you well that's uh is where
you are wrong kissing more like throwing
up
you may see this is some weird variation
of the chapstick Township I just heated
to open up under my body so maybe this
is some weird variation at the tactic
challenge that I have come up with
however it is not what it seems I am
going to be crafting my own flavors of
chapstick and placing them inside the
very overwhelming flavor chopsticks so
Morgan may lean in for the kiss thinking
that he's going to get a nicer snack of
Kiwis straight for my dry crusty lips
and instead he's really going to get
poop flavored which means yeah I'm just
gonna do it what we're doing I'm an
actual psychopath it's also like free
Anna this is Shane Dawson snake sir yes
I don't know what I'm doing I just
assume this is what you do when you want
to make someone throw up so I'm just
going to remove the vanilla chapstick
and place it into this pan that we we
eat from we make our eating food in yeah
doesn't feel nice I've no idea what I'm
doing and then we're gonna make your
Pepsi Flav no it was already cheese
flavored and if you didn't know Morgan's
least favorite food is cheese it just
happens to be my favorite food a nice
little block of that in there I've gone
insane this is the peak of my insanity
he topped this mofo this is the only
time you'll ever see me being in a dorm
using an appliance
I would just like to let you know this
smells absolutely abominable abominable
nor I would like to do nothing more than
throw up eat again and then let it spill
out of my butthole this ain't it chief
I'm not really sure what to do with this
now that the cheese is kind of like
saturated into the lip balm I'm just
gonna throw that away this is
essentially just butter and then I
assume I don't know how to cook I'm
nervous about the safety of my hands
okay I mean I assume that's kind of how
it's made so as you can see our cheese
favorite chopstick is filtered it's hot
under I guess we just let it dry okay so
now I'm just gonna repeat that process
ten times occasion even though this is
guaranteed karma because I'm probably
gonna have to kiss some of those crazy
favors I made at least I'm gonna know
what the flavors are which means I'm
gonna win and having a big ego is paying
kids and if you take any lessons my
channel into the adult life it is cheat
you will definitely win okay why not tap
sing just melt
yeah the challenge Moscow mr. maple we
may embrace what you do why are you
pooping we're filming a video Morgan you
can't poop yourself
not again not happened last time you
pooped yourself out call Jenna Martin
over here in the middle of tonight
Valentina up killer I'm not being funny
the kind of taste like a king if I
caught like a disease on some Georgia
hint yeah it's something you actually
really enjoy in your life you know I
feel like you might be like wait I get
why did you totally get these chopsticks
phone you shoulder like legit no like
maybe no laboratory that didn't taste
like
you could just grab off Amazon that
tasted disgusting you know what anymore
I'm going with out of days Diet Coke
what hi sorry you're gonna have to put
up with another close-up picture of my
face for a few seconds so you can see
like all my yellow teeth and now like
purple my lips are you know these guys
have just come back from watching like
all these like perfect couples and
they're just come here and see this you
know let's go hose by hosing me garden
utensil because it's my natural ability
that's good this is interesting I'm not
sure why this is so luminous look say
for FDA approved but here we go Mike
heads up I hate this
hey either
tropical points all those orange muck
toe is saying talk alone
orange where's the bits in there you're
really gonna appreciate this one how
would they make a diet flavor
oh yeah just make it worse and the
normal one I'm so pretty it's mango for
what mango mango okay flavor chopsticks
okay no it doesn't look like it but the
will is in fact tilted and I can't see
what's on it no cheats' amazing well top
of all of us yeah we know what we know
about em oh gee I am without my Mogens
mr. Nimoy are you ready are you ready to
make love kind of chocolaty chocolate
chocolate chip cookie dough
my plan was failing this is good but you
lost one it's oatmeal cookie oatmeal
cookie
wellhow whatever side we're gonna get
owned to me on cookie what happens if I
pull the entire thing let's finish this
video with a bang it's funny cuz he
doesn't know you know I mean watching
don't you feel ah what is that - Kim
what do you feel
before I tell you I did the iPhone no oh
okay you buzz absorb infection last
night when you were asleep I may be
kidding ourselves in the middle of the
night and I may have melted down a
couple of the chopsticks and maybe I mix
that one with chili and maybe I mix the
vanilla one with cheese and maybe it
makes the colder water vinegar and maybe
it makes a sprite one have blocked me
even though it didn't quite get to that
and maybe I mix oh no longer coffee but
I get some right so that once I went by
still one even though it was plain I
still one I'm really teaching them good
lessons on this channel
cheat cheat kids if you gain anything
from this video is that you should cheat
touching boys for your entertainment and
also cheating be more like me
actually don't actually really don't
stay in school peace out that's not my
outro goodbye
you okay Morgan subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die
it's that easy well maybe not die but
your parents won't love you anymore he
said
