I cheated on him hi what's up what's
hanging what Gucci I'm know he's
starting to hate that intro more and
more by the day I just don't have
anything else to say hi
today's video is a weird one I already
know what compelled me to do this but I
forfeit and I thought fam I've got to do
this I have to make a video about this
could possibly be super interesting I
don't really have anything else to say I
used to make super long intros and I
don't really know what I filled up that
intro saying because now I'm thinking
wow what what do I even say I don't
really have anything to say ah I get it
that's how I made long intros because I
talked about random stuff no one cares
about anyway let's get started with
secrets we all have them I have a lot of
deep set things buried real multiple
layers of insecurities and darkness that
I would never tell a single person alive
I have so much stuff like buried in here
that I would never tell anyone and I
hope no one ever finds out I hope
mind-reading isn't a thing because I'm
screwed
anyway I'm sure everyone has something
that they would never want to tell
anyone like did you have sex with dogs I
got deep fast I didn't but in any way
today I'm gonna share some things with
you that I thought that I would just
never talk about some deep dark pres
secrets they're probably gonna make me
look like a terrible person what great
thing to put on the Internet subscribe
but that despise things up a little bit
to give me some inspiration I found this
out and it's called whisper this isn't
sponsored I just found it like a few
years ago and people just put in the
nonnamous confessions and tell the world
about all the disgusting things that
they have done like some people have
cheated some people have done some
really freaky things if you're not it
means some people were like gay and
afraid to come out and they put it on
this app and like no one knows about it
it's
see I mean someone could probably like
check your location from where it's
posted somewhere but you know we're not
gonna point out the flaws in every
system when I signed up into the app it
literally asked if I wanted to share my
location with the app so you know
there's that okay that's good
let's just start with a bang I'm nervous
to have sex of a guy I'm dating because
I'm breastfeeding my baby still I
haven't told him yet is it's that big of
a deal I guess it kind of depends on
what bit you haven't told him if you
haven't told him that you're still
breastfeeding you know what that's fine
some people opt to let the baby suckle
from that titty and some people opt to
let it get its own food I don't know how
babies work I'm probably gonna end up
getting my eggs frozen at some point
however if it's actual baby part you
haven't told him about you might want to
do that just saying that might be a bit
of a shock but I get how you can be
feeling insecure you know everyone gets
a bit fat when you get pregnant and
that's it that's a whole human being
also where's the baby daddy come on I'm
gonna leave you of this advice don't be
surprised if he leaves you know you've
got a whole baby there you probably
haven't got time to be dating anyway I
don't know I don't want Parenthood like
so asking me personally I've never
breastfed so I can't really give you a
valid opinion on that and I don't really
have anything to confess because I'm not
pregnant
guys are never attracted to me probably
be single forever what a mood sister
preach yeah I again I can't even say
anything because like I really you know
I mean like in my head I try and
convince myself I'm like so attractive
it scares boys out of talking to me
that's probably not the case look at
this dude that's definitely not the case
who has a fat booty well sir I can
confirm that not me oh yeah I'm slim
thick but without the thick I'm just
slim slightly chubby probably need to
lose some weight okay one of my
confessions see this picture here yeah I
face chin my butt a bit bigger in it
because I was super insecure because I
lost a lot of weight at a period of time
my butt just completely went away I
thought oh no this is the first time
I've posted a booty pic everyone's gonna
judge me but you know what I worked
harder eight
to go a little bit further booty back as
you can see in this picture so
technically it's not catfishing I mean
it is it was don't hate me I'm sorry I'm
really not proud of that moment women
don't believe my head is the size of a
doorknob that doesn't make any sense
hold on here is a humble door here is a
humble doorknob that bowed has one small
head always talking about his penis it's
a good thing sometimes people call me
stupid that'd be right
I want to go who would cheat on me I can
be that girl for you I will cheat on you
I will if you can sort me out of a
friend with like a six-pack you know
totally ripped and you know you're a
pervert both parties are consenting I
can be that girl for you but I also
can't be you seem like a bit of a freak
imagine coming home one night and your
girlfriend sitting there and she's like
I cheated on you and you're like oh my
god that's not cool
empty my wallet mistress I mean since
I'm such a coal digger where do I sign
up
I really wish I was brave enough to be a
cam girl
fun fact actually when I went to school
like when I used to go to school I
obviously still had like a YouTube
channel the same time I used to make
videos and all of my friends would call
me like a cam girl like people would
refer to me as a cam girl because you
know camera girl cam girl I feel like
sometimes people who weren't involved in
the conversation or possibly teachers
overheard it now and then I must have
really got the wrong idea about me why
did no one report me to the government
love bracket booming in my cousin socks
law I don't know what kind of guy your
cousin is but you mean in my sock is I
have no idea as confession time for me
personally I've never done that sister
are the biggest turn-on I mean as an
only child I wouldn't know you have fun
with that and also have fun being in
jail I'm pretty sure incest is illegal
no these apps they really make you
wonder they make you wonder wow people
like that really do exist I've ever
watched like a documentary about like a
murderer or a predator and in for now
that's so weird like that's never gonna
happen to me people like that can't
actually exist right from the
perspective of a decent person but then
you get into these dock territories of
the internet anything oh wow people
really are sick
I don't know okay males and females I
don't really know what you fought about
that I don't know how what I thought
about that a pop I'm gonna go and clean
my eyes and delete my search history
you should what we do the same thing
they don't flag this video I don't want
to get D monetized why did I say that I
give this video it dislike if you hated
it I don't really know but by the way
I've decided from now on I'm just gonna
be a daily uploader you guys will always
come first for me like you always make
me so happy if you follow me on
Instagram or snapchat or Twitter which
you can go and do I try and engage you
as much as possible why try to talk to
as much possible and my job is to
entertain you guys my job is to take you
out whatever reality you're facing
because youtubers used to do that for me
when I was young and I was dealing with
stuff in my head now you saw two
youtubers my escape I just want to like
do that for other people I don't know
just I've gotten to a point in my life
where I couldn't care about what anyone
thinks of me trust it karma does its
thing to those who are unworthy those
who are bad i'ma just live my life and
if I can make one person day for 10
minutes or so definitely over 10 minutes
because you know ad revenue if I can
make one person's day slightly better I
am happy you know coming straight from a
concessions up is probably a good time
to preach this don't keep things on the
inside even if that means posting on
some creepy confession app let your
feelings out because pending them up in
your head it's just gonna make you go
crazy go follow me on my social medias
and rap to me Indians if you really must
I'm here for you but I always will be
okay have a great day I'll see you
another time goodbye
