a few days ago I lived through possibly
the worst day of my life
and I'm here to tell you what happened
five what sir well scoochie how's it
hanging in your hood it's actually
hanging particularly bad in my hood oh
you didn't ask well buckle up kids wait
no let me forcefully buckle you up kids
against your world
let me physically restrain you of my
beauty arms let me serenade you of the
snake suit until you're so freakin
hypnotized that you have no choice but
to sit through this whole excruciating
story in all of its ads revenue is low
and I am angry by my much sorry went
into a drain rock Johnson on crack mode
for a second no seriously like a couple
of days ago I had a super traumatic day
more traumatic than any day I think I
have ever experienced apart from the day
I was born because that was just very
sad for everyone and I had to kind of
let the anger simmer down before I
filmed I've been hearing you guys I'm
gonna film and upload this video for a
while now since the day happened because
all they did was complain about it on
Twitter where you can go and follow me
you can also follow me on snapchat
Instagram but honestly like if I just
film that right away I probably would
end up decking the camera oh that was
bad but now I guess I'm gonna tell you
before I get into it my name is Kara if
you haven't seen my face before I am so
sorry over here but you can hit that
subscribe button down below
it makes me feel better about myself I
can't really remember what else I'm
supposed to be plugging in the beginning
of the video so here's a plug
professional okay let's go this story
I'm gonna be spilling a little bit of
truth tea gonna be boiling a kettle
making some tea and then just not even
attempting to drink it just pouring it
Boston Tea Party all over this home what
am I saying
I'm just gonna be real of you guys this
story it happened a couple of days ago
of certain people in it so I'm just
gonna be real I'm just gonna tell you
what went down not hide any facts
because I genuinely I just need to get
this out and I can't be bothered to sit
here and like overcomplicate the story
and make it like YouTube friendly safe
because I'm just angry yeah it involves
Morgan morgues this guy which I made
this video about because it happened
before this happened
but there's literally
no beef between me and him so I'm sure
he won't mind me telling the story that
was a little bit of beef when this story
actually happened you know because um
I'm angry yeah anyway about two weeks
ago I was in Tenerife if you don't know
what that is it's this little islands
not really sure it is I'm sure it's in
Africa or something but it's like part
of Spain it doesn't really make any
sense to me I don't know everyone there
speaks Spanish which men I didn't
understand anything they said you ever
go to a foreign country and then people
start speaking foreign language and then
you actually have a sound a little bit
of her and you go they get a say oh my
god I'm so cultured ly I'm such an
intellectual oh my gosh he said see to
me do you know what that means that
means yes I'm so small and that happens
like occasionally I felt like really
small it was a really great time I saw a
lizard I picked up the lizard I played
with the lizard animals like me more
than humans do which was really weird
because usually lizards don't let humans
pick them up like you know the tiny
little ones it just like rolled around
the floor and they run away from people
well this okay he let me pick him up and
it was really cute and we had a great
time we had a lot of fun it was a
bonding experience why am I talking
about a lizard you don't care I came
home I was like happy and slightly
depressed to be coming home firstly
because I'm coming home yeah also
because it was kind of really cold and
snowy in England at a time we were
coming back and that made me sad I'm not
particularly a lover of hot weather but
I only really like snow unless I can ski
on it do something fun I don't like it
when I just have to sit there in it and
be cold so I'm a female with many needs
with lots of clothing items lots of
socks and underwear actually not any
socks I lost all my socks I had this fat
red suitcase it's so phat phat with a pH
80 and I was taking around everywhere
else have a handbag and it also had a
rock sack and it was just like a lot of
luggage I was like I'm a youtuber I need
to have my laptop and my chargers and my
camera and my soul on me at all times
no no definite on the sole bit though so
I had a lot of luggage this was like a
whole day of traveling I just felt like
things were really stressful so when I
got back to England I went to Morgan's
house and he lives in Sheffield I live
in London it's like a two-hour train
journey from Sheffield to to London and
then when you're in London like if you
know how cities work commuting isn't
that easy in the very centre like it's
hard to drive anywhere because there's
just so many people and so much traffic
so most of you
like get a train somewhere get from
center of London to my house which is
like 10 miles out of the main bit like
that the balls of the country it's like
a stressful experience and bear in mind
it was a round kind of Christmas Eve ish
so all of the trains from central London
to my house were cancelled great I love
privatisation of the train system what
accurate politics so when we got back
from Tenerife I decided to stay at
Morgan's for a few days just to
recuperate just to regain some strength
so the terrible journey which was going
to be commuting from Sheffield to my
home in old London Eon in England is my
City traveling cross-country across the
city of England was not something
especially with they all look the
luggage that I had it was so-so
anyway me and Morgan decided wait before
I go home let's do something fun
together let's just like end our day
with a bang not a badge just a
metaphorical bang and have a great time
so for the next day we got a train down
to London booked a hotel really nice one
and just stayed there for a night and
had a cool end London went shopping the
next day we were just chilling like that
was our plan that's what we were going
to do but oh no nothing ever goes as
smoothly as that in my life does it so
what we did we panel going to London
from Sheffield and when we got back to
London together the next day I was just
going to go home so then I would only
have to do like one lot of commuting in
one day so I'd do the big one with him
from Sheffield to London and then the
small one from London to my house so I
wouldn't be like so stressed out and
like I hate this radiator it's a day
that we plan to go I have my big red
case I have my rock sack I didn't feel
like carrying like a handbag bag thing
as well so I just put that in my case
there mind that had money in it that's
my passport in it that had tampons in it
had everything in it oh it also has my
199 McDonald's burger dough coupons in
it we start our commute to the train
station and Morgan's sites I really want
the McDonald's and I make Morgan we
can't go to the mob drive-thru the Train
is literally in like 10 minutes it's
like 15 minutes to the drive-thru like
we're not gonna make that we're gonna
miss that and he keeps insisting like no
no no it's fine there's literally a
train like five minutes after that one
to London like it's fine we can just go
I'm getting stressed out and I don't
like squishing lots of things into one
period of time I just I like to relax
but no no no he insisted are we gonna go
to McDonald's I didn't even want
anything we got that and I was like nah
I don't want anything but I'm angry I
did not want a McDonald's and I'm just
angry that he was eating this McDonald's
so I was getting stressed out anyway we
missed the first train the one we were
supposed to get and ended up having to
get on the flight one that was five
minutes after we weight that we get on
the train and as soon as we got on the
train we realized something's wrong with
this train it was just like looked
different on the inside every other tray
to every other train it had a whole
carriage that was designated for luggage
rather than just like sections at the
end of each carriage where you can make
put your luggage you know I mean so
anyway we put my big fat red suitcase in
this luggage carriage and it's like
really really cramped here and obviously
he's a youtuber I'm a youtuber we needed
our laptops and most standard class
trains on this particular train line
have plug sockets
unlike the table seats now this train
felt like being a bit special and not
having plug sockets we go up to one of
like the little train attendants I don't
know what they're called like boy
where's the first class on this train we
need some plug sockets and usually I'm
not alike I could only sit in first
class person although I admit like once
you go into first class of something
being in standard class just kind of
shows inadequate so you end up finding
ourselves spending ridiculous amounts of
money so if you've never been on first
class before never go in first class
because you won't be able to go back
after that it's just a whole nother
experience there was football guides on
this particular train you know the ones
that come from like football matches or
like on the train ready to go to support
their team I don't like football fans
know that the football fans they are
just a public nuisance unless you're a
vlogger you have no excuse to be a
public nuisance and other people may be
thinking Kira vloggers shouldn't even be
public nuisances either and I'm like
yeah they probably should have I'm
biased because YouTube they pays my
bills and feeds my children you know I
mean I don't have children or bills but
like whether they were just sitting on
this train screaming they were like
screaming like really old weird songs
there was
screaming their little football anthems
and they're like screaming Wonderwall by
oasis it sounded horrific it sounded
like an army of Jersey cats just got on
the train I'm just being stabbed
repeatedly where that doesn't work if
they're already dead okay an army of
alive cats were just being stabbed it
was horrible and I'm a humble female I'm
very like look at me very defenseless
look at my muscles
yeah not much hey we're just scaring me
because they were being a little bit
aggressive you were just being a little
bit bold I think the right word to use I
didn't really want to say acting like
because that's more PG probably
offensive if I fought yeah I think I
might want to go and sit in first class
where it's more quiet and less screamy
unless I feel like I'm going to be shank
and so we go up to the right train
attendant still don't know what that's
called
and she's like boy there is no first
class on this train so immediately we
think hmm there's something fishy we
both stress out because we don't have
plug sockets which means we can't go in
our laptops which means how are we gonna
upload videos
we're freaking out but whatever we deal
with it we sit down we find some seats I
had received to be scared by the
screaming man I just stick my hair put
in I sit back I relaxed and like doo doo
doo doo block out the sound and it was
it was an all right time eventually the
ticket man comes down the train to like
check your tickets and check you
actually board to take care of why
should I go to jail or something I don't
know how it works and he's like oh so
can I see your tickets and so I whip up
my ticket I show it to him this dude is
like boy you're on the wrong train I
don't let no I'm not this goes to London
right and he's like yeah but the change
for London was like a couple of stops
ago and I'm like oh no you either have a
direct train would you just sit on the
train the whole time until it gets your
station or you can buy ticket for a
train or like go to a station you get
off there and then you get on another
train which then takes you to your
station like a direct train and a not
direct train you know what I mean
this was the not direct kind this was
that you actually have to do stuff and
think kind and we're thinking that's a
little weird because firstly we never
heard it over the intercom when it gets
in a change stop the little intercom
thing goes oh you're now arriving at
Bikini Bottom station this is the change
for London get off here and then board
the train at platform
to go to London whatever this didn't
happen can we sue for that I don't know
and so we're stressing out we're
thinking oh my gosh how do we get to
London like this train was going to like
I don't know let's just say Scotland for
example wait opposite direction France
it wasn't going to France it was staying
in England but just say it was going to
front I'm freaking out I'm like boy how
do we get to London and there dude the
ticket guy was I don't worry about it
there's another change for London stop
and a couple of stops you can get off
there and then get on another train to
that station which will take you to
London in late and I'm like okay that's
a little bit long but like whatever we
can deal with it and so we're like okay
so when is this stop and he's like it's
in about ten minutes you have to get off
the train and I'm like okay so obviously
I have this massive case and it's gonna
take a while to like get down the stuff
so we start getting ready we get up out
of our train seats and we walk into the
carriage ready to go and get my case
down and we start to walk towards the
back of the train where the carrot with
all the cases it's also rewarding and
then all of a sudden we meet the end of
the Train like this train the train just
stops like there is no more passageway
we're just at the end of the Train and
we're thinking I'm pretty sure the
character of the luggage in was this way
but we must have got disorientated or
something so we walk in the opposite
direction because it's like train parts
don't just disappear and then we walk
down and then we realize oh it's not in
this direction Eva where the hell is it
if we elucidate this did we dream this
but we both we both like knew it was
there so it was like a weird experience
it was like really Spoony in paranormal
and so we were like low-key freaking out
we were like okay well if it's not bad
and it wasn't there
where the Frick frack is it and it
wasn't even like my case wasn't there
the whole of the carriage on the train
when everyone stuff in was just gone
so we freaked out so we go and find
another little train attendant woman
without you boy where's at and she's
like oh that part of the Train detached
in Nottingham sorry the Train just the
train is split in half yeah okay I just
don't understand why someone the
longings would be just left in
Nottingham but whatever other people on
this magical France train that today and
just not have luggage anyway so way
freaking out and we go and speak to this
dude and he's like oh yeah that part of
the Train detached
again it never said oh by the way all of
your stuff is detaching and being left
in Nottingham the train just we're just
leaving that bit of the train there
while you guys continue yeah you don't
need your stuff never sent that over the
intercom thing maybe it's like common
knowledge I don't know someone's really
good trying to educate me down in the
comments I know that already
oh my gosh that's just burst open so
this train dude he's like oh yeah so
your case I remember seeing it it'll be
left in lost property in Nottingham
meanwhile they're on the way to London
but we're not actually on the way to
London because we have to get off and
change it to sell the stock so we're
like freaking out we're like oh do we go
all the way back to Nottingham and then
go back to London but then we're gonna
be in London at like midnight that those
how we were saying it was like kind of
expensive and let's just say wasting
time you know I mean so Morgan was like
to me bare mind I was still kind of
angry at him because him wanting
McDonald's it's a reason why all of my
things were in Nottingham I don't even
know where Nottingham is and he's like
on my way back home tomorrow I'll go to
Nottingham because on the way up I'll
collect your case I'll look after in my
house
but that wasn't like good because
Christmas was in like two days and all
of my Christmas presents for everyone
was in that case every single one of
them and also just general clothes I
needed it like pretty much all of my
clothes what in that case like every
single pair of jeans I wear just
everything within that Britain gave so
yeah I was freaking we decide ok let's
just go to London they threw out the
case situation the next day when it's
like morning so we get off at this stop
and we get ready to change do you onto
the train to London so we get off and we
realize there's only a couple of minutes
until the train to London is arriving
and what we decide I'm hungry I want a
wrap are you serious he dragged me into
this little cafe thing and makes him
cook him a wrap and this is taking like
three minutes and the train was actually
in like three minutes and I was freaking
out I was getting so angry I was like I
was like telling the staff I was like
stop cooking his rap please will he be
happy on the train if we don't go on the
show we're not gonna get to London ever
and I'm never gonna see my case again
and I was just really angry at him it
was generally very bad mood oh I was so
angry at this point and he was just sort
of like joking around and like teasing
me and just like you know so I was just
like pushing you to the edge you just
like you're just gonna like tell
yeah he was doing that and so we finally
get this rat and we're at like a couple
of minutes like in literally like just
scraping getting on this train
you should pushing me and pushing me
just like teasing me and just like mmm
so you know what I do I hit the rat out
of his hand and it falls on the floor
and then I shout at him not one of my
proudest moments it was something that
needed to be done him wanting food
ruining everything it was a reason my
case was literally in a foreign land it
was the reason that like probably
everyone was not gonna get Christmas
presents for me this year he just
continued to food when he was just
ruining my life to be fair to him like
we did have a couple of minutes to spare
but I was just angry it's something I
felt like I needed to do what he was not
happy about me hitting the chicken wrap
so we didn't talk for the next few hours
we didn't talk for the whole of that
train journey so we get to London by
this point we've kind of made friends
again I'm like I'm sorry I hit a chicken
wrap out of your hand and he's like I'm
sorry I got that she can rap in the
first place with you we've made up we
get this much how it's really nice and
we're hungry and we think let's go to
this nice restaurant we know let's go
out and get some food
and I'm thinking okay that's great oh
but then I realize I don't have any
clothes the only clothes I have will the
clothes that I was wearing but I was
gonna have to wear the same underwear
for like three days I did she took my
underwear off and I hand washed them in
the sink with like soap at the hotel and
then use the hairdryer to dry them
because I'm not re wearing underwear
type of person so yeah it just felt a
little bit mmm swear to God since
restaurant I was wearing a camo top
it was just like your traveling outfit
it really wasn't anything special and so
I felt a little bit yucky that whole
time I didn't have any clothes and I
wanted to film a video I had multiple
videos that I needed to film but I was
like boy I can't sit there and film all
of my videos in the same outfit people
are gonna start the thing they actually
don't have any clothes I just thought to
go from me to donate clothes and it was
it was just generally traumatic and like
you may be thinking Kerry you're
overreacting uses such an
over-exaggeration like people are dying
and yet all three of you but like when
you're actually in a situation like that
you know the feeling of like thinking
this is the end of my life like I am
going to die there might make it all
worse it was a day before Christmas Eve
so the next day all of the trains and
everything we're gonna be extremely
delayed just generally trustful I didn't
have any case I was lucky in London I
was released as well and and to make
everything worse
I met I'm a minor technically so my
paypal got locked all of my money was in
there like all of it everything sent
into my paper apart from like my YouTube
ad revenue which only comes monthly so I
was like free when the YouTube ad
revenue eventually runs out I'm gonna
have nothing because my PayPal has been
locked with all of my assets in it and
trains already been so I'm like sitting
here I'm like freaking out they're mine
my PayPal is still locked I'm still not
happy papa
so I'm sitting here freaking out on me
when we gonna do I have no money because
I got locked out my PayPal because they
found that I'm a child I have no case
with any things in it trains are
expensive I can't stay in London for
another night because all of my money is
in my PayPal like um book hotel would
like to be left in my bank account so
everything was going wrong at this point
I accepted the fact I was gonna be
homeless in London for the night so I
ended up going back to Morgan's house it
was an angry experience the next day I
finally went to Nottingham and got my
case from the lost and found it was a
traumatic experience because bear in
mind it was Christmas Eve everything was
busy so the people who is kind of
strange and usually wouldn't leave the
house or wall outside and I'm just on my
own like again look at my muscles there
is none I can't fight off predators all
of the bad people are outside and it's
just so scary in there so many of them I
did get my cake I finally got home then
I slept for the whole of Christmas day
and pretty much missed the whole of
Christmas you know why all because he
wanted a burger I'm so angry about the
situation honestly anyway hi I'm Kara if
you haven't subscribed and subscribe I'm
a train wreck watch me have a mental
breakdown in every new video I like you
we're growing ridiculously fast right
now it's making me feel a warm and fuzzy
on the inside and almost kimchi peace
out bye yeah
