yeah we're gonna go get a nipple
piercing hi
this is such a weird video I am with
someone today who is an adult it is
natural of a human being everyone I am
suffering she is right that was a really
good introduction today we are going to
be doing something kind of crazy crazy
isn't really my strongest point I kind
of like to stay on my bed and not really
go outside that much how about you I am
a completely opposite to Kira everyone's
like how are you clapping mike is so
opposites actually you know what we get
on so well we're just really opposite
like we do completely opposite thing
yeah so it's gonna be fun I think so
and today she is actually going to be
controlling my life I actually have no
idea what she's got planned for me um
would you like to give a little him no I
just want to let you know that it's
gonna be nothing like this is gonna be a
completely opposite date all you
normally do I'm definitely going to push
you outside your comfort zone so it's
gonna be great
you're going to tase oh nice very small
let's go I guess outside god that's so
scary we're doing well I figured you
need to get a dress for the day right I
do and I
so the big messy room of merch now I
figured just because I know you love it
so much you get to wear my March the
whole day with my name on it oh great
right Nik oh yeah right now but it could
be worse because to be fair there's
actual March with me on it so you could
be wearing that I mean it's up to you
Safin Barker takes a sign out for the
day good morning um I don't hate this
give it a twirl
they ask you how you are you just say
that you're fine you're not it's
actually kind of nice I'm to be fair it
does feel like a little bit cold outside
so smooth yeah I can't complain you're
the one I feel like it okay so you've
taken me why you love me
okay so you've taken me out in your car
of death because you're a very scary
driver yeah you've also got fluff in
your face I wanted it there where are we
we have a ride hot down into Central
Brighton and I thought it'd be fun to do
a good deed
I mean I'm Watson you don't do this on a
daily thing but I thought it'd be quite
nice so normally I would do this and I
wouldn't film it but I figured as we're
like filming the holder anyways we
should go basically buy a ton of food
there's so many homeless people in
Brighton so first up is to go do a good
deed are we going to give them things
food love water care love let's go and
hug all of the homeless people let's go
yeah I take away
I have so much in my life actually no I
have but for myself
yeah but other people never we're
ordering for the holdup waiter today
honestly I missed like Mike Ilitch do
keep on going but I'll just get one
person food you want to get everyone
food and they're really gonna appreciate
it but what I said out the kindness of
aha no I'm very actually kind of nervous
about this so like go up to strangers
and be like hey do you want some snacks
no way he's actually kind of sweet but
then at the end of the day like we don't
lose anything from it there wasn't
happiness if they know here are the
crush rooms in a natural habitat in KFC
thank you very much oh can we get cups
instead of like a big bottle like you're
gonna feed our but I'll wait you've got
the cautions can you grab it
here we go yeah me too but we're not
gonna do that too much let's go
quest to find a homeless person
commences we have so many snacks and
really want to eat them but you know
what I'm gonna be a good person today
once we find around like nervous they go
over to someone and I'm like then they
know those people like they won't fire
there'd be really lovely I'm very
nervous in case they reject my offer to
give them snacks but I mean I would take
them
we found one
I feel so kind oh my god I'd say I don't
know what make sure that was like you
know what though I just didn't put
enough I felt really like strange
filming a homeless person yeah let's not
do that anymore let's just do it
ourselves and come back to the next clip
I feel good later so we have currently
come somewhere to get some food
however saffron is going to be choosing
I wouldn't you try that you normally
wouldn't have so there's you came I'm
not like that
I hate ketchup and I hate like peppers
and like that's what you're getting in
this crazy wanna see this for my
favorite restaurants and I swear I don't
even like avocado on toast everyone
knows about the avocado time
I have a green drink and I'm gonna try
it
so they're kind of nice how do you feel
being healthy today
it tastes like leaving and this looks
kind of but you like the eggs good for
you it's good committee doesn't taste
good okay
know someone you're gonna have a big
part it's effective I'm done
how
Sode
the tastes like okay but it's like it's
a texture it's that's why I hate violet
is the hopper
no thank you can I help me
so sapphic British dragged me into this
random road and I don't with it like you
need to get your camera out now it's out
okay Kara yeah we've got to go get a
nipple piercing no but you keep saying
to me how you'll want to get your ears
pierced but you're scared right so I
figured I'm not going to do this to be
horrible I'm gonna do this to face your
fears
you can hold my hand we're gonna get it
done you're finally gonna get a piercing
done
all right cool you know come on but I'll
be with you I'll be there oh my god the
people in there
okay let's hope you look let's we have
to leave Vince to go we have to go just
so many man got a tattoo a case of shop
here we are
I really don't mind I really don't want
this the very guy you know I know it's
I'm not ready I'm not ready to go inside
goodbye shuffles going first because I
don't like pain can I guess our next
you're only getting a piercing to make
you feel better so like I don't get my
work done it's actually really gonna
hurt friendship at its finest wait what
is like that it's like it goes through
this pathway yeah yeah I know
like I said Tiki rows are please area or
ha
I'm Li to get a bit of this oh yes
there's somebody taught you thank you
okay you can't you yeah just know me I
always hold someone's that not used to
this yeah okay
they don't want to show that that's all
living my life I can't even watch Wow
even breaking my fingers sorry today Oh
saffron oh we can lick ping how could
you have a big needle in your ear
yes I do here thank you for letting me
Monahan like it's like a I always have
to do it now
oh just knowing that one's there right
I've got a needle through it and this is
gonna be you in a minute
oh you're always home red I know it's
not that bad now your face is orange in
your red oh it's this bit that she hurts
more mmm well do I hurt for you oh yeah
probably gets my hands breaking this is
killing me yeah I did say to you like
think you should comfort but at least
like this is really bad right and in my
tongue you're just getting these bursts
on so this is gonna make you like okay
yeah tooth tea and like if I was like
okay this was in you know
spiking yeah you've so many holes in
your body
do they like never close up because it's
like college no they do cuz I've had my
work done before I have my trade gets
done before and that is the most painful
Pearson I've ever had you actually hear
the cartilage clash it's so cute you're
gonna go back home now you like this
type of piercing junkie that I like kind
of scared me my mom would also kill me
so even though I can live my own life
and make all my own decision she'd still
be angry I'm so excited to see it isn't
it nice on its day yeah I mean it just
looks like a lot Michael sticky whatever
so cool but air is so red I know I've
been like so funny okay react to it Oh
have you got to do one year at a time
then yeah to me that you've been saying
if we do want to get this done so nice
it's just go be over and done with now
he's drawing it on faster like my gosh
I've such a high pain tolerance I hate
pain I don't know why are you ready are
you ready hang on
that's the pain OH
if I do what my honor you could never
work is easier you can squeeze onto me
it's Quinn all of that pain out of here
buddy you're gonna be fine breathe in
and then breathe out maximum that's such
a big needle don't look at the needle
look this wide it's so big oh my god
it's near you guys I think it's done mmm
sorry it's so you've got a needle in
your ear I mean I think about other
she's squeezing my hand really tight
that's it there just needs a prisoner
done one cut at the end of the day you
need to so that wasn't that bad you know
how many like pins I've stepped on 'only
I had my heart for anyway and I'm
freaking about about this literally just
put on the piercing in now bebote you'll
have these for life like this two
minutes of pain until I should get into
one of them in and that knows no excuse
no no I'm I would get cooler things done
but my ears are like pointed and I don't
want to draw more attention to the fact
that like an elf from Christmas why am I
not breathing do you need to hold my
hand
I'm good imagine how bad I'd be if it
has to do some people really like the
pain though some not my dad loves the
painting party I've done like so many
crazy things like I literally I fell
down a mountain I shattered my leg like
a thousand pieces I don't feel a thing I
like him scared of this start back at
the Saffy mobile and she's taking me
somewhere
three thousand years later here we are
in Brighton at the zip wire that I've
never even gone on oh my god I'm ideal
sort of thing that you I do but every
time these memories
that's good memory later right post what
I mean that's all bad thing I'm not
getting in there she fell not tell me to
go and next I won't hit her I'm sure
I'll drown Monster High oh my god no no
no bye bye bye bye bye great Kyra you
have got to make any roller coaster on
the pier
ready No let's go
okay so one hour card Oh many new body
holes we are back this was over yeah
been a long day
I feel like I haven't done this many I
can't even my whole life combined but I
feel liberated and I also feel like I'm
never doing this again thank you for
watching the video also goes as great
stuff thank you jogging around a road my
life for a whole day yeah it was fun
though yeah I'm now modified because
honestly I think that's it good bye bye
bye I know yeah
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
