okay hi hi or sucked how's it hangin
scooch in third okay
whatever stuff okay so recently in an
attempt to fit in with YouTube because
at one point I was heavily demonetised I
children were not eating
no one was eating I wasn't eating I was
a I was barely surviving barely
surviving mean like I was fine but I am
a dog with a lot of needs and those
needs need to be fulfilled so the theme
monetization period was er not good and
right now I'm in the process of trying
to build it established career for
myself
exploration video as to why I'm trying
to do that coming very soon something
happened I kind of held back I kind of
stopped saying who I wanted to say
meaning I didn't say like 19th cent of
the things they were all my mind because
90% of the things on my mind that
incredibly bogus oh my vocabulary was
extremely limited and you know what that
frustrates me so much you know most of
the things I say a pretty vulgar pretty
like mom PG pretty like not advertiser
friendly and I was a good girl for a
very long time I had a low to medium
income whereas before that a zero income
and things are running smoothly but you
know what I'll do my mental stability
over financial assets
I don't but still you know what I want
to say this and I just need to stop
being a person basically I'm very drunk
right now two reasons
okay you may be thinking Kiera you don't
drink alcohol yeah you're right I don't
drink alcohol okay before you get angry
at me the country that I am in it's not
legal but like they don't ID like I'm in
tenerife that give alcohol to a dog here
so come on and they obviously know I'm
underage like coment a caballo Luke 12
like I'm 14 this is my career but also
like I'm in a foreign land a lot of
alcohol tastes a lot like juice I like
juice so when I have this cool blue
thing it doesn't actually taste of
alcohol because the taste is why hey and
it looks like juice it tastes like juice
well I just so snort it up I inhale it
and then all of a sudden I drank five
now secondly that was a lot because I
felt like I needed that to get through
this video I felt like if you didn't
have some kind of substance in me I
would pussy out and I would have filmed
this video because I've been pissing off
for so long I could have literally
filmed this video a week after I
uploaded part 1 of this video but you
know I've left it almost the whole year
because I'm a little bit okay when I
thought so I see a 1500 BC okay great
before I get into this video my name is
Kiera I'm special and if you haven't
seen my face before oh no oh no there is
a subscribe button down there you
probably don't want to press it but you
can do it do your daily dose of charity
maybe an Elfa brought you good luck I
don't know this is the very anticipated
sequel to the video finger-banging
pregnant I made back in January of this
year but feels like a lot longer girl
honestly if you haven't watched the
original video you don't like have to
watch it but it's a pretty funny video
so like you should watch it and this is
me telling a story of what happens when
someone finds out that you made a story
time video on them rip me I'm dead the
thing with YouTube videos unless you're
like actually lying whereas the then
they can let you sue you for slander or
something but if people can't because
they're like cousins I didn't say that
they can't actually really do anything
about it because the only thing you've
done wrong it's hurt their feelings and
you know what it was a well deserved
feelings hurt because the people that
the video is about hurt my feelings for
very long time
I'm not salty anymore I hate hilarious
and you know what I made a little bit
they'll offer video as well so you
capitalizing off my misfortune okay
essentially I made a story time video
about these people who like believe me
when I remember the protagonist
I called her rodent she found out and
I've got quite a dignified response from
her but then her Chafee entourage
thought they would send me frets in the
direct messages just slide in and hey
here I know you live I'm gonna fight you
and I was like what come at me no it
wasn't I was like oh yes get my little
bitch and
then escalated oh also I caught
someone's baby fat and she found out
about it okay so where do we start I
have to go back through my block users
on Instagram to like find the d-ends
that they sent me and then screenshot
them all on my phone oh my phone just
died you Syria and I screen children all
the like damn they send me on my phone
I'm gonna show you them right now and
honestly I was gonna take these some
kind of like I don't know please or
whatever just to be like screw you like
I can say what I want this is the
internet you can't do anything about it
you can't like threaten me and threaten
my freedom of speech even though you're
a bully and you're just proving my point
just to like be like boy look at that
you know what I thought this saver let's
wait again wait for everyone to think
that I'm over and then just BAM with a
video yeah but they never saw that
comment but you never saw that comment
you did CRB you're gonna charge my phone
what happens when someone finds out that
they've had a story time made about them
I mean honestly imagine you just like
walking through the internet one day
just minding your own business and all
of a sudden you stumble across a video a
story tired and you watch it and you
think I know that and then you think oh
no that's about me that person takes in
fat w and you take a fat ow after the
video goes up it's been a couple of days
I checked my DMS I'm just like scrolling
through and all of a sudden I see this
one and my heart just stops beating your
YouTube videos great B 4-5 years down
the line think we've both seen who's
grown up a smiley face off your face
think we've both seen who's grown up a
smiley face off your face you can't use
a mixture of work and you know what I
thought yeah maybe I did push it
maybe I mean facts of confidence I see
it was it was a great video again
whoever subs up in it but yeah yeah
maybe I did push a bit too far maybe I
should just let it go sure just let the
childhood food bubble away but then she
was like now we've seen who's grown up a
getting your entourage to zme friends I
don't really think that's an accurate
representation of you being a grown
I think being a grown-up would be trying
to have a civilized conversation with me
or saying something with substance using
correct grammar I really forgot to
ignore it let it go I even private it
the video for like today until I
received these next messages that are
about to show you and they're just
another level of this person has only
literally got two brain cells like
another level of you would dropped on
the head and then stepped on as a baby
just a nother complete level of your
mother did crap while you were in the
womb you came out like that it is so
messed up
this level of stupidity is absolutely
it's not even funny it's just sad the
first one I receive on the 19th of
January 2017 at 5:34 p.m. do you think
you are take down your YouTube video now
because watch it's gonna be peak for you
in it you're ain't no fucking Virgin
Mary yourself are you take it down now
but in fact on the 19th of January 2017
I was such a virgin so her point invalid
I was quite the Virgin Mary just a
Christian girl here going about her day
take it down now
this girl with a profile picture of her
doing balloons you are the kind of
authority I'm going to be listening to
yes like I just don't understand like a
trait genuinely think I'm gonna like
look at it and think oh my gosh this
person is so superior look at that look
at this spelling and good English I'm
going to delete my video right now to
leet my video that is doing incredibly
well making me lots of money and getting
me respect and building me a platform
yes I'm going to take it down because
balloon God told me to I'm sorry I'm
gonna get that frets off this video I
don't cares it's funny to laugh ha I'm
salty about it anymore she's fighting
lava and then on the 19th of January
2017 at 5:59 p.m. Baron still
sign I get a message from another one
PQR
you think you're this big girl wrong
yours oh you've been cured this big girl
for putting up a discussing youtube
video about one of my girls are you okay
I am fine thank you for us again like
are you actually sure just wait honestly
honestly I'm still waiting like really
they genuinely will have I am still
waiting like look away the next day hmm
haven't nuked my house yeah and then
wait I have to go in with my blogger
Jesus to see this around Orson they can
see me Morty and now no way dude man I'm
so many people clocked on the 21st of
January 2017 at 1 p.m. till aversion I
received a very long message from this
time oh boy part of the entourage
I assume seems like a little bit of
piety but all of these people they took
an extreme road man so like even if I
like wanted to reply and have a
civilized conversation with them I like
don't you know to understand me like I
don't think these people understand like
me like if you understand I'm glazing ya
brought to understand English from in it
genuinely these people they don't speak
English they live in my area and we just
speaking completely different language
there is virtually a language barrier
like please feel free in the comments
- like translate this because I still
don't really know what half of this
stuff means anyway the boy writes hello
how are you trying to call my friend a
rodent your your home like he used to
write your you're not smart you're 16
and you're tryna how the height girls
gonna get you be what you're not smart
you're 16 okay firstly I did great in my
GCSEs and secondly I know I'm 16 I'm not
any more false but I yes I
or 16 what is that relevant are you like
trying to sit like I know things about
you that no one knows like I have a
famous birthday profile go boost me if
you're a true fan I have a famous bus
but you just google that like how old is
Kyra Bridget what age is Kyra Bridget
how many years is Kara Bridget been
alive you're special and you're trying
to hype hella girls gonna get chibi okay
sissy no helices got me bitch
approximately zero helices got me yeah I
don't know why how the golf would be
angry about this it's literally about
one person okay it's go all the way you
tried chats about my pals then move
moist and pop them move moist here we
have a humble glass of water
this is moister the block button it's
not what I would call moist this this is
moving moist sea moist moving this this
is dry if I have any rodent and viewers
if you would like to clarify what the
Frick fact that means be my guest
you go inside this name of the school I
went to bated Fr I know that one that
means four row okay firstly I went to
the same school as the girl the video is
about so hard information like why are
you telling me things about me that I
already know like if we're gonna try and
jump me why are you telling me like
fated I'm gonna jump you out Snyder to
school because you said someone was
around in a video it like yes and you
didn't even use her own name but I'm
gonna tell you so you can be aware and
you can Mattel the authorities so they
can arrest me for into it these people
oh my god be empty not what that one is
how you trying to mock someone's baby
brother you're pathetic you need to grow
up you're acting like you're acting for
your you are following just I thought he
learned
disappointing you're a youtuber not
actress remove your dead up video so
many spelling mistakes I'm a my sister
your youtuber
the actress okay I am aware the whole
point
to be entertaining and not have other
people tell you how to be entertaining
to be entertaining on your own accord
the reason why these people don't find
entertaining it's because I'm making fun
of them I mean I thought it was funny if
anything wouldn't it be like you're not
a documentary commentator because it was
a real life story
remove your dead dog video okay it was
not dead SN someone tell me what that
means in this guy's bio is literally
don't drop the soap dog I'm sure the gay
people love that and then after this
message on the 20th of January 2017 at
1:38 p.m. I received a message from one
of the females who sent me message boy
boy
what do you want from me okay so when I
first received these messages I thought
okay that's personal my Twitter that I'm
locked out of now and so I posted them
on my Twitter I thought they were really
funny I was like whoa look at these two
players and I brought out their names
and everything so it doesn't even matter
but somehow they saw it and I said what
she had to say about it
silly girl posting it on your Twitter
about me and my mates now you live
couple roads away from me so try to be a
little more clever next time because
you've got yourself in now okay let's
analyze this you live couple words away
from me again
I lived very near the protagonist of the
story so not very hard to find out
worried it's by saying that you also
exposed where you lived because I asked
someone who also lived in my area hey
who's this girl and she told me exactly
where she lived so you know what I know
where you live too am I gonna do
anything about it no so try to be a
little more clever next time okay try to
this guy this girl is trying to tell me
to be more clever this absolute
intellectual is trying to tell me to be
a bit more clever kids you know what
she's got a point she has said some
genius things in her short life I'm
assuming and I hope you're not any old
and like seven
because that'll be really sad but anyway
for example watch it's gonna be peak for
you in it you're ain't no virgin marry
yourself
are you moving moist that was the
aftermath of fingerbang a pregnant by
way it doesn't stop there it gets more
intense some one day I'm just at school
I'm just minding my own business I'm
just walking around just you know
happily just scrolling and um I get some
stares and as I'm walking down the
stairs someone walks up the stairs and I
thought I recognized that face it didn't
properly register there until she was
behind me and goes you better take down
your YouTube video and I look hot kind
of shook because I wasn't expecting this
because she doesn't attend said school
anymore I look up and I'm just like no
and then I leave and I go home and enjoy
the money that I made from that video
and the subs I gain from it you know
what if you're going to be a bad person
just anticipate that someday in the
future someone might capitalize off
their misfortune and you bullying them
essentially I appreciate that a lot of
you are a lot younger and when I first
made the thing about her pregnant series
and when I first made the fingerbang
pregnant video a lot of your left call
that saying you know someone like that
like someone is acting that way towards
you that makes me really kind of sad
because I appreciate like a lot of you
are of the age that I was when this
whole thing went down it was like awful
for me like genuinely I was a very
sheltered child and have all these wrote
men's just like bullying me on Sunday it
was like it was really really bad
although I've gone by the weird route
about it and like it's only got frets
like someone's like you better watch
like I know where you live I've gone
there let's just get revenge make a
video about it a year later because you
know why not just like hidden when
they're not look I literally don't care
but if anything like that happened to
you like don't do what I'm doing if you
want to be safe like tell your mom
she'll understand and if you don't have
one of those just tell someone like
genuinely and if you feel like there is
really no one else in the whole world
there's this really cool thing on
Twitter it's called the body project
like this is not even spawned but I
follow them and I've talked like the
girl
and everything I genuinely think it is
like such a cool idea
it's like essentially a thing where you
can go on there and you sign up to our
website and you put in like your
interests and stuff and they partner you
up with like a buddy that you can like
DM on Twitter like whatever like become
friends this person and someone you can
like talk to you about things are just
going on in your life like you can even
just generally make a friend if you're a
loser like me like 12 rock era would
have gone so well over that yes as hard
as feelings are it would make me very
sad to see you guys that because you
guys make me happy yeah
so that's been it really let me know
what you thought about this let me know
what you want to see next to me whether
you want another installment of because
believe me there's probably gonna be
some more ingredients and the more I
read Ian's I get the more content I get
the more videos that can make let me
know if there's any storytime follow-ups
that you want yeah I follow my social
medias they're all somewhere I'm locked
out of one of them I like you a lot I
hope you still like me this has been a
funny video that I think and like Dubai
I guess there
