is our relationship Justin's views put
you on the spot hi
they go to the unchoke hi Pharrell
what's up what's handwash Gucci in your
hood you may be thinking okay Jerri
you're outside that's a bit weird yeah
you'd be right so today I am outside I
am on a foreign island on a foreign
planet in a different land there were
lots of cars there are lots of people
there are lots of people to speak
different languages and you know like
not being racist or anything of that
kind of scares me because then they
speak to me they don't order to fit back
and you're not a white person from the
Western world if you don't go to a
different country and get frustrated
when they don't speak your language
oona no fun fact see that thing up there
that's a volcano okay quick story
now I fought em cool volcano like cool
view whatever
it looks pretty dead my mother decided
to text me the other day and say oh yeah
I went to Tenerife when I was younger it
was really cool why not / - the volcano
I climbed it and stuff oh by the way I
saw on the news the other day that
Tenerife has been having a lot of
earthquakes and that may be because the
volcano that oh look I am right next to
that I can touch it see I can touch it
may be about to erupt yeah I am right
next to son of a bitch like if this
decides to ejaculate it's lava fluid
into the air I am fairly dead so for
someone with this much anxiety and fear
of the world as me I would like to go
back inside
yeah so before I get started let me just
address something that has been very
much bothering me recently a lot of
people have been asking me recently kiri
why have you stopped brushing your hair
okay no I haven't stopped washing my
hair I've just stopped killing it also
guys Kara's filming a video over here so
hi Kara's video Hey
Terry's video say hello to my video yeah
got it seriously though whose makeup do
you think looks better my love carries
Kara look at the camera hey there we go
I think it's definitely mine oh I
haven't stopped brushing if we're gonna
be technical I never started in the
first place I just straightened it to
the point
I wouldn't need you now I have very
dense curly hair it's something to do if
like my ethnicity or whatever that is
the thing is we've curly hair is when
you brush it it goes from being nice
regular they're kind of ratty dreadlock
II curls to something slightly worse
something very Hagrid II I've just
stopped making it die with heat every
time I want to do something of my life
I'm very sorry
sorry that you were offended by my hair
so I'm just here in a foreign land you
know minding my own business not really
doing that much and I fought for it let
me catch up with you guys because I've
been doing a lot of weird stuff recently
and I guess you can't need to know about
it okay first I'm sorry I failed 31 days
of Cara it just wasn't really working
yeah let's not talk about that anymore
that didn't happen I didn't try that
tell something you didn't try that's my
motto kids so you guys have a lot of
questions to do with my life my love
life or lack of it the way I look
the things I do me changing before I'd
address some of those I have been
getting the comments you've changed
quite a lot recently firstly I've been
getting you've changed due to maybe
certain people in my life so the first
time I started seeing so you've changed
comments when I got some friends and it
really kind of bothered me then because
people like here has changed and she had
friends I'm like I'm sorry you want me
to be a social recluse like you know
what it wasn't that bad
I I'm happy to not have any friends just
put out that I grew up very alone I
didn't have any siblings I didn't really
have many close friends weird for me to
try and adapt to social situations which
is why I probably act different around
other people than just me talking to
myself the camera but myself because I
can see myself right that like I feel
really should you the people are
watching me so yeah that's probably why
I don't really know where I'm going with
life I'm just going with it I'm just
doing whatever I'm just going whatever
life takes me I'm just I mean I'm here
like I didn't like you to go outside I
don't like cold countries but you know
what I'm here right now planted down in
the heat kind of put sunglasses on my
head they're on cloud goggles which is
really strange I don't know the people
I'm associated with may change but deep
down I'm always gonna be a loser
I just feel like I live in a bubble in
my like heads like people around we
don't really
like what goes on in here the next one
is people telling me that I've gotten
fat now like I'm all for body positivity
kids you should really be happy in your
own skin I was never very like preachy
about that kind of stuff I was never
very like oh my god love yourself until
I like got onto the internet and I
realized that when people say mean
things to you it can actually hurt your
feelings sure hoping because again I
grew up it didn't have any siblings
never really had anyone saying anything
bad to me I grew up with everyone kind
of praising me but at the same time I
still have kind of a thick skin it is
weird to all your own like biggest
critics so where I've been alone for a
lot of my life shut up with my own fault
I like put myself down a lot so when
other people do it it doesn't have a
much of an impact you know it's not very
nice and saying that stuff to people I
don't really care I know I've got an
airy chubby recently mostly because
that's because I've been putting all
work into this and when you're putting
my face of something it takes away I
just we care about how I feel see um I'm
actually quite unhealthy so all I do is
eat bad food and get get sad get my
organs sad I'm feeling a little bit
chubby too so I feel like it's December
everyone's feeling a little bit chubby
you know what as long as you're happy
and as long as you should you know not
doing what I'm doing and eating every
kind of bad food you can fine you'll be
fine
there's someone he'll love you out there
I'm still trying to find someone who
likes me my dog doesn't even like me Oh
God yeah yeah it's essentially going
here I stopped it okay next thing is
like thank you go back and look at some
of my old videos my life he was just a
year ago my life was something else it
was very different
I I was trapped at home I was alone my
leg was broken and the reason I started
YouTube channels because they broke my
leg and I couldn't move I couldn't go
outside he can speak to people not that
I wanted to I wanted to speak to people
without actually having to speak to
people and to think that my life could
change so dramatically it's crazy
I'm doing stuff that I would never
usually do I'm really going offensive
leave me my compass oak was my bed why
all the cars driving as I began to film
that I should get gone and just like
sure their tires oh my god that's so
mean and I just find it really strange
that people like me I mean a lot of
people hate me but like some people like
me to how I come across very unlikable
at times
probably just because of the way I act
my humor is just very sometimes not very
politically correct and oftentimes very
very satire and not everyone likes er
but I do it makes me laugh
I make me laugh I love me what can I say
that's all that matters but the fact
that there are some people like
understand and some people who sort of a
hapless their mind is me and understand
what I'm trying to say and what I'm
trying to do which is literally to do
what I want my chili have a cool life
you know whatever comes at me just kind
of treat it just just let go of it and
if along the way I can make someone
actually like happy and stuff like
that's really cool so I mean thank you
yeah well I'm not good at this kind of
stuff moving next one is something that
I've never really talked about I was
like people I've had a lot of questions
people asking like why do you like never
show your family like why like do you
have family problems or ever and I no
not really
I don't really know what to say about it
but I guess I never really felt like
sharing that side of my life just
because I've never been like your daily
vlogger this challenge has sort of been
about me this is like my thing my
parents they don't even watch my videos
and I like it that way
I like people just somewhere else stay
away and appreciate it from a distance
feel the same way as like my friends and
everything like just just don't watch it
that's a cool tree
a bit more what then we don't leave a
comment if that's something like a topic
you don't mean have you ever kissed
another girl I'm sure I've already
mentioned this in a video once me and
Millie T tried to kiss once is there
when we were a little bit high on
country suns and I can do it I don't
know it doesn't make me very change like
I just couldn't like she touched me
another thing have you ever fought
pooping on a cat okay is your
relationship just for the views hey I
need you to come outside I used to be my
video okay so have a question for you oh
this is so cute Jovie I'm all this so
cool I want fun video her was it baby
he's our relationship just for the views
put you on the spot
now
and there's your answer kids how do you
feel about liquid spray butter
personally I think it's revolting I've
never tried it have you ever had an
organism okay we're done well it got a
significantly darker there volcano it
does in fact look like it's about to
erupt that scares me
oh if you know feel free to hit that
subscribe button down below subscribe to
my channel so then YouTube helps you
like when I upload although Oh fun fact
or twist that doesn't always work so you
might want to hit notifications on as
well
phone cases and pop sockets will be
coming very soon I like you you probably
don't like me that much and this has
been video of me being here talking to
you about things yeah I feel like I'm
supposed to say something else such a
good youtuber anyway peace
you
