hi and welcome mtv this is my crib this
is an mtv this is tmv okay yeah welcome
to my trip this is where I live see is
common sided on inside okay so today I'm
going to be taking you around my
Tenerife pad it is xx house I own I
think that's how many countries that are
in a while because I own one in every
single country yes that's right kids I
also own want in your career
I think they knocked it down not too
sure about that I have to get a fact
checked I haven't been there since I was
in the womb so yes anyway this is one of
my favorites probably like my 59th
favorite pad that I have across the
world probably because it's like one of
the least expensive you know only 13
milk sorry I don't even like talking
about such a small number that makes you
feel like a peasant like this guy
throwing I love you know I got paid
$7.99 to film this really oh yeah oh my
god I haven't seen such small amounts of
money in such a long time really can I
can I see it you have it with you
no I'm actually my bank times actually
empty this is like oh my god no actually
I don't actually own a cart I just I
don't have a totally of anything oh okay
it makes me feel a lot better about
myself
that's good so I guess we should get
started with the kitchen I don't really
eat anything in here because you know
who eats 2017 yeah how do with you
I don't place me what's loving then it
pays for life interception every week so
this is also things like own and to make
me look more human no I get fed for a
tube I'm not rich yes the math your yoga
is that right you you peasant see this
stuff right yes but is a natural yogurt
oh really I mean these peopIe can kind
of feel the calories thinking through
mice again it's really disgusting and
this is for some bacon kara akin what's
up is that from the chicken it's from a
tower what sounded aiming for my me I've
been outside in a while
wink wink that's so cute we call it yeah
it's this that's water water yes you
drink that curious what takes you eat it
you drink the ice what keeps you alive
but you drink on school once you I know
it's a life worth and I probably never
done this much work in your life so now
you got to think like that and then oh
oh no I'm so sorry please please don't
sue me please I'm so sorry please don't
sue me please don't sue me please no I'm
sorry I'll clean it I clean I clean I
clean I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry please don't sue me please don't
kill me please please please please kill
I'm sorry I said okay okay
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm definitely getting paid for this no
I apologize okay
I'm sorry that was very unlike me I felt
emotion I haven't felt that in a very
long time money kind of takes all of
that away from you okay okay there's a
cupboard that's where you keep stuff I
don't weigh that much probably only like
I'd say about 30 pounds yeah I've been
on a really strict diet for the last ten
years these are my favorite things not
really sure they are by like using with
decorations sometimes you know I'm not
entirely sure what it does but the oven
it's where you can cook some food to eat
no daddy told me this was a radiator so
I like to turn this up to the highest
temperature and then I just example
leave my clothes just hanging from it it
really works
isn't that kind of a safety hazard every
single day Martina the butler yes she's
a woman don't be so sexist brings me
this beautiful party of this stuff I
don't even have it it's cool bread now I
go with this the other day
apparentiy has her many calories and
these things called carbs so yeah I
don't eat them but you know what they
are really good for when daddy's not
around to pay for my boob jobs Cleopatra
the maid I see her voice is not reliable
partly this is personal I've been here
okay Cleopatra's between them I hear
more sermons yet
okay this is my TV I don't watch it that
much because I mean I have this like
virtual reality have implants into my
brain so I can watch TV through my
eyeballs yeah that's what happens when
you guys wear it just me but this spins
oh there's still pucks we're gonna clean
up so I never really do this myself
Cleopatra also has openings me in the
mornings closes in the 3 p.m. reopens
them after my nap at 5:00 then brings
near margarita to my bed and that opens
them again and the chats them again for
more time and then about 1:00 a.m. she
opened them because the moon shines
especially bright on the 29th of each
month it's really crazy part from
February some time so everybody doesn't
have that day it's really strange anyway
I've never done something to myself
before
okay back to Slater this is my chair
personally this is my favorite one I
system look like this I'm generally I
have someone following me around for
camera every single day sometimes one a
little bit better than this one and they
just take pictures of me wherever I go
you know like sometimes from this angle
sometimes from this as you can see only
one of the chairs is in use that is
because the rich you get more isolated
you get I don't really have that make
friends but that's fine because uh who's
got a moment
exactly dad can buy everything
especially happiness oh I have this
virtual reality chip in my brain like I
said and it kind of simulates the
feeling of friendship I also do a lot of
drugs
anyway what though what wait did you
want
I'm all about helping the poor like did
you want like I have something I learned
I'm not doing that trophy pouch okay so
to do Cumberland hasn't been today to
clean up the bedroom which is why it's
quite messy I have loads of them no we
show you them anyway this is expensive
this is bad
wow these are deeply like my favorites
these costs okay guess how much these
cost twenty home from Primark
Wow so close 60,000 pounds of record
this one don't miss much this will cost
100,000 again so close I have this thing
like inserted where the Sun doesn't
shine and it pretty much just stops me
from exhaling and gas from that region
really pros you should try it out only
lately if you only Korsak okay like I'm
getting seven pounds for this please
because I'm super rich I like scent is
it cuz you're too poor to buy clothes no
I just wear things on a friend of mine I
don't really ever do this myself you
know and if you get someone else to do
it for me maybe we should start doing
yourself it's not looking very good
just try it do it okay um what should we
test out first this looks fun this is
called I never went to school
can I have it on Wow girl you are
glowing how about you that suit on your
face oh my god
I'm touching your face to face with my
brushes what is it oh this is really
heavy I haven't done any labors myself
in a really long time
oh cool I can't breathe oh my gosh
you're glowing girl this is an outside
bed I don't think it is this type of
heat
I think if actually use this I've never
used one before I can't afford one so
she wiII do it so you said that you've
never been in one of these before no wow
I'm about to give a boy his first time
not for the first time let's do it okay
so now I'm going to get into the hot tub
because you know I'm rich and rich
people have hot tubs but firstly I'm
gonna take battery boys pool Gentiles so
pretty much if you haven't subscribed to
my channel please hit subscribe for a
chance for more of this that would be
really great so this has been me this
has been my life this has been a poor
boy and we're gonna get in here and do
really PG things in this hot tub
anyway enjoy me cool bye
I'm how do you turn this off
