hi Merry Christmas I have created many
of these videos meaning I've made two
the first being how we used to do my
makeup when I was a hoe and then how I
used to do my makeup when I was a ho
part to the extreme edition and you guys
seem to really like those videos and you
know what I like making them they're a
lot of fun it's nice to just dip your
toe into something new every now and
then get a bit rich um yeah in that
video I explained that I have been
through many many many phases I am a
moon I go through phases and well I went
through a semi emo phase where I would
listen to emo music I would try and be
Connie moe I bought with emotions like
this tried to do the whole black thing
however I was like 12
so makeup wasn't really my thing but I
would always try it and go for an email
look as best as I possibly could with
the limited resources I had 2012 like
tumblr emo garlic hair style like that
was always my aesthetic I literally took
a picture of that to a hairdresser one
time I ended up with something looked
more like I've got caught a house fire
and my hair burned off but that's fine
didn't really get what I wanted but
there was always like one particular
aesthetic I was always trying to achieve
and that was pretty much that today I'm
going to be recreating how I used to
want to look back when I was going for
my emo phase and I'm gonna be using a
picture of marina Joyce for inspiration
feel like cheesy pitov 2012 emo tumblr
girl vibe ascetic before I get into that
video I know I haven't been particularly
appealing so far but if you haven't
subscribe to my channel you may pick
that button Dumbo and subscribe also
YouTube's been doing this thing where it
doesn't tell people when you upload
videos anymore is kind of annoying so
you can take that little bow and it will
make you get notified actually scrap
that it will send you a free Lamborghini
to do it yeah leave a comment down below
if you want to know if any more
variations of this video if you want me
to continue to recreate these
monstrosity x' yeah so first let's put
my hair somewhere else
and let's remove the existing face dirt
that is on my face with extensive
amounts of coconut oil because it just
it just does it faster
okay great I have a fastball here it's
really annoying me okay so essentially
the vibe I think you're going for for
this look is pretty much it's a very
white turned out face so I'm gonna get
every white colored beige foundation I'm
just yeah I also think quite a lot as
well I don't really know what I'm doing
of this I'm just trying to embody what
twelve year old Cara wanted oh I just
sprayed foundation everywhere okay well
this is a lot more than I thought and
I'm using your brush and not a Beauty
Blender so like none of it is getting
sucked away like you're pretty sure that
some of those emote humble girl wannabes
did in fact use this much foundation no
I'm just gonna roll over it to be honest
Beauty cures in 2017 use this much
foundation
I'm just embodying the beauty guru side
why do I look like I should have killed
myself in 2008 so this technique isn't
really working because it's just making
this sake I didn't want to have to whip
this out my knee because I'm Daisy and I
haven't washed it and it's kind of
embarrassing but I guess I'm gonna have
to now okay next I'm just gonna uh
heavily conceal my under eyes to get rid
of my under-eye circles I mean my
crippling anxiety and insecurities and
this just represents my loss and Fall
Out Boy yes hardcore rock I am literally
so whited out right now I feel like this
could be racist to white people and I'm
white this is a very interesting process
but I don't know was concealing enough
no we also I can't do this take my
makeup away it was out to be white it
out to the farthest extent
well you doing get out filming videos
now the extreme whiting out is vital for
a reason you must really put emphasis on
the fact that no you do not leave your
house ever you are extremely vitamin
ABCD efg don't why's that deficient
because all you do is you stay inside
the curtains closed no sunlight ever
touches your face because you're inside
listening to hardcore scream oh all day
and being sad about things that everyone
else finds enjoyable in addition to that
makeup it doesn't matter if it's cakey
it doesn't matter if you look like a
piece of bread you know why because you
don't actually go outside you are a
recluse and you have no friends stay
inside all day and you can just upload
pictures onto tumblr looking like this I
can't be this is generally like what I
wanted to look like like this was my
like goals
this poor brush had seen a lot okay I
think I am wiped it out enough we can't
think that vital in this look under
sparkly in the corners
that's some next-level in a corner
Sparkle I think the most vital part of
this is the liner so I'm just gonna go
for it okay that doesn't work
I feel lift the lid off it oh we need
this to make fun of people with that
backfired okay new plan
black eye shadow Wow why is that so good
I mean that uneven but the emo and then
there was this whole thing I like the
iPhone would start here you can read how
I know I'm doing
you
I don't know I'm trying to the heart I
feel like I've never tried this heart
before why my being really good at
makeup today so I'm gonna explain
you
it could be better but it also could be
a lot worse and I don't want to try and
perfect it because I definitely know 12
you're Kara would've fought well goals
aesthetics so cute I feel like I'm
literally just living my childhood
dreams I couldn't live out vicariously
through myself right now that's that's
weird the next step is the eyebrows I'm
not allowed to look like they belong to
your face
meaning they pretty much just have to be
painted on
aesthetic ooh the lipstick another final
brain yup and just in case you want to
take it the extra mile and then I would
have lived for this hairstyle
okay this is officially topsail weirdest
thing I've ever done this officially
tops the wins I've ever looked on this
channel I'm really sorry that you had to
look at this I should probably leave now
let me know what you want to see next
don't subscribe you don't need this in
your life come a long way okay
