that's me this way I'm oh my god this is
my pot oh my god okay hi Merry Christmas
just going into the festive spirit don't
mind me I'm so happy and Merry and my
future seems so bright clear wow what an
eventful start to December this has been
that was sarcasm
well I mean actually it depends on what
you've been things have happened so far
in December you cheery one was released
which is whatever that's your own tune
and I failed 31 days of cure because of
a technical difficulty which was like
quite literally unavoidable and unless
you wanna this video up at 2 a.m. which
wouldn't man I failed it anyway because
that was the next day that no one would
have seen it so forever also the YouTube
algorithm which is basically the thing
in YouTube which decides which videos
are recommended to you famous people
like creates it's like Logan 4j people
who upload every single day consistently
who have incredibly PG content however
what I have discovered when you upload
every single day but don't have that
style of content it can actually do the
reverse link to your channel and kill
you which is what started to happen I
noticed this when I started doing daily
a few months ago my views just got
killed which makes me sad because then
you guys don't get Thea numbers for
filming to be honest it's not that I
can't do 31 days because like this is
all I do like I don't have any other
aspect of my life rather than making
video it's like I could definitely make
a video a day if but it would be
pointless because no one would watch it
I'm gonna be uploading daily when I feel
like yeah I'm also going away which I'm
gonna vlog that's like a surprise for
now anyway you don't care do you if you
haven't seen me before I'm Kara hi how
you don't touch me that's disgusting if
you want to how I'm incredibly stressed
out I haven't asked you today I'm not
always like this
I'm like this quite a lot of the time to
like normal way so subscribe and since
YouTube's being a bit funny Bruce Lee
make sure you hit the notification bow
below you make things easier I don't
want to know any other oh yeah you do
know why because I've been
hissing recently willis furniture people
who bow and stand a snapchat name -
their instagram name in the comments
i've been liking your pictures and
adding you back from snapchat recently
so there's laughs it's just a way for me
to thank you guys for being dad putting
up with me subscribing to this jeremy
making me a semi happy person i should
make crying video anyway diving right
into video now let's go YouTube rewind
happen and everyone was making video
about this and I didn't make a video
about it and I feel kind of weird that I
didn't make a video about it cuz
everyone made a video about it and I
didn't and it's been like five four days
now and I'm probably a little bit late
on the bandwagon however this is is a
special one yeah cool that's good let's
get into it first sports I love nebulas
I don't know if you can tell by my
YouTube picture or like general things I
do my endcard i love nebulas they are my
aesthetic nebula is my favorite color
second to camera but you can't see that
so it doesn't count
why does Lele pons look like a man who
has had like a plaster mold of Lele pons
placed over his face why does she look
that way in this does anyone know why
who is this man at 2017
I didn't recognize anyone so far who are
the children I don't understand like
generally like okay whatever
nice watch I real that's me
wait a malaysian oh my god it's me wait
I'm not relevant wait I am irrelevant so
it could be me
okay fine
what's up dog okay view of it so far
they made it seem like YouTube was an
incredibly happy cheery place where
everyone dances and sings um you can't
monetize singing videos or dancing
videos we were copyrighted background so
people don't tend to dance and sing that
much on YouTube anymore because you make
no money from so fake news let's go
let's see what case I has to say
remember when I was known as crazy food
just minigolf for like a week
yeah I mean that title I'd say that was
a pretty good reflection of rebounded
YouTube so there's our CL Beauty her
channel went a bit strange this year
um there is Gigi gorgeous I didn't know
she still made videos I thought she just
sat around being Kylie Jenner's best
friend or something I don't know okay so
I just posted the fattest not all over
these guys I used to be super obsessed
with good mythical morning I love these
two guys I think they're really great
however the channel went a bit weird I
don't know if I just like grew out of it
when I stopped watching it by still
finger redact I should probably watch
some more of their videos um this means
a little bit dead I don't read the other
guy is that I don't know really know why
there for an extra guy into it you were
I'm a bit confused about that that was a
decision
what are those who any of us are anymore
and there he is guys
there is richest youtuber on the
platform I hate hate ela what is it like
a new kiss load them not gonna make the
joke about D monetization being solar
eclipse of YouTube in 2017 because is
already been made but I don't have
another joke to insert into this place
apart from wow the Sun just got
penetrated by a triangle that's it as
well let's go
Philip DeFranco oh my gosh I really want
to get into a scandal one day just so I
can be on his show late that's how much
I love him such a tomboy - Philip also
edit graveyard because everyone's
channel died storm is not dead okay
none of us like each other YouTube none
of us we all hate each other
you're holding hands of someone who is
also youtuber it's because you're
showing fake affection to them so you
can socialize this we have nothing like
each other I'm just losing my invite to
everything right now on I've just lost
my future invite to YouTube rewind
can't are helping the big offensive yet
Nicole a month or so is the moment where
we stand
a little bit at war was our hands up
that's me let's meet this Ram oh my god
this is my
you about to tell me about 2017 okay
okay if you're new to my channel I
haven't given you the best impression of
me tapes have been incredibly miserable
that being once the reasons why I don't
know how I felt about it because every
year a new YouTube rewind comes out we
always all say this has been the one
room so far and there's only been like
four 2018 but her novels around are we
gonna look back on this one and think
wow I want 2017 back that's all I'm
gonna say look Anna Jake who were about
a hundred percent of that but that's
fine looking it's very tragic man I
don't mind looking him for a long time
yeah is it for me
is it through my click on you to be one
could you spot me
might as well be normative semijns
irrelevant okay have a great day
join my channel and subscribing to it
leave a comment and
you
