hi also I appreciate I look absolutely
terrible but this involves putting
things on my face so like it just looks
somewhere else
I'm really tired it's like hard for I
pretty much just woke up my life isn't
the other in scientists however other
females of time another confession
I've never won't take eyelashes before
yeah crazy so I thought for a video why
don't I try it on for the first time and
then record my experience I've never
worn them before purely because I just
don't get the point you have eyelashes
what's a big deal err on your eyes
whatever last night I came to terms with
them I tried them walk with us and make
sure I knew how to like apply it in my
eyeball ever I'm going to wear them the
rest of the day until this video enjoy
this clip of me trying one last night uh
hi I'm here in a bathroom with my face
literally right generally my face a bit
better in this case about this okay not
more because if I can't get them on my
face which you know I think I'm gonna
have some kind of trouble with that's
gonna be kind of embarrassing and this
video isn't going to happen
number two people you telling me that
like once you do it that you can't go
back if I'm addictive like crap or
something so kind of scared about that
because I see ba with more effort in put
my face like I just don't get why cause
it's already perfect cool I whipped out
these ones I don't really know what this
means some rather than my game it's me a
beautiful look the fluffiest out of all
of them that I have they shall never
recover a filthy also don't touch and
maybe looks like hot knees a little bit
because I have kind of small eyes I
don't know exactly what you do wait
low-key you got two more just like whip
on me how you practice has mute for you
on me literally go for it women started
is better out than in do the foot holds
them and me just cuz it insecure top it
I pull your wig off okay now do it come
on I don't know why you like this
sometimes read thousand
Neal's lay down okay so I have no idea
how to do this but I'm gonna try a shop
but if you've gotta focus mode what the
fucking TV no boss so now you can also
focus your entire YouTube quit you've
been filming in TV male probably's even
I don't even know what that means
doesn't focus but okay I'm taking these
because I really want these on for the
video I film on my channel coming up
soon what let me see where does it say
this putting I safer are you doing that
using them get it come on
get me I watches are gonna stay I want
to be Irish
one time is a deep nose blow them surely
should put them on my own before you
blow it you stick it to me now feel like
I'm a figurine and you don't build a
mess I'm a Minecraft County about
football minecraft how I made the video
sorry man cor blimey you're actually
really flippin good I can see what girls
- you can you have made the absolutely
horrible but they would make you about I
look beautiful like genuinely I look
amazing
Loki can I you guys were these oh okay
well I'm gonna close Wow Oh gray oh my
god me what you doing this fuck you know
maybe the key along to get girls to like
me was just to look like a girl because
I think I make a better girl than a guy
okay next up now what could I start
putting them on I'm gonna put them on
myself and you're gonna see what I look
like when I actually look like a female
Yeah right
hi what's up - whoo quick detour we're
back in here in the bathroom with the
bath and the Romans or putting on my
face and I am kind of nervous
he looks probably full he's paranoid no
they didn't change you they didn't I'm
not an S anointing they changed me the
make oven doesn't define the person no
fades mom I just like how they feel
yeah oh wait no I thought someone to
drip toothpaste all over you don't have
to reuse these reduce reuse and recycle
you boys seem a concentrated yes it's
not efficient I'm uh still like that
scared look stupid I can't even see I
put it on bro Germany mini scissors this
isn't going to great amazing should
always be like this I hate everything
about this still like a female under
there like that
oh and that kids is as good as it's
gonna get you only feel is really
supposed to be smitten look better
what's that on if you get mascara and
then you like you must honor them yes so
they don't know who's fallen home know
it so they don't mix disconnects it to
actual writer she's right
I don't believe understand the word you
just said I watched a quarrel
I'm an expert okay
why do they touch my life right later
so Kara how you how you feeling by a new
eyebrows but they look really cute they
looked cute I think they do know I like
your honestly you look great or ever you
look like but a mic is actually that
pizzazz have maybe haven't been more
positive outlook
there is nothing appealing about this I
don't even want to enjoy any more time
oh my god just leave um so these can die
these can stay away from my life forever
and never return the next day
I so what's up I hear a translation
ready to go back to LAN to my home where
I live and well I feel like this is kind
of peeling off already I wonder like a
local can you always wear I feel ugly I
think you put I think you look great
comment down below if you think she
looks good everyone Joppa like if you're
so good I swear she looks do it right
anyway
anyway I feel like they're peeling off
slightly already which is probably
something to do with my very poor
uneducated application but yeah that's
how it's hanging right now
forget it hanging to tell half I'm so
funny and I'm gonna get the trainer bye
oh my god hi what's up was back hosts
Gucci I am here in my home I've just
returned to I've had such a stressful
day you should started snowing in
England and which man I was trapped in
London I got to London and I couldn't
get a taxi to get me home he's all
booked up because there's so much snow
everywhere it's at like ten hours I'm
finally here I'm really stressing out
the plan was was to still have the
eyelashes on my eyes for when I got home
to show you guys would be like look this
on physically the one on this I was just
slightly coming off and it didn't look
great I was really stressed out I wanted
to deck a baby and things just weren't
going great it's awfully cool so I
stress rip them off as you saw they're
not on anymore they probably wouldn't
have stayed on anyway well I mean most
of them however the actual eyelashes
themselves what very good and they were
really long and I just didn't generally
like how they made me look I prefer my
natural eye hair I think they're like
the falling off part of it I feel like
that was my very poor uneducated
application because I mean practice
makes perfect but I'm having to practice
because I hated it
what have I learnt from this um I hated
it what have you learned from this don't
expect me to ever do that ever again it
was awful it was disgusting yeah yeah so
subscribe to my channel everything
around the comments more fainty you want
me to try for a whole day that I don't
tend to do I want to get my toes into
some more ponds and stuff like that
thank you so much we just hit 100k in
surround that means a lot to me like so
much I'll have a new video I possibly
going up tomorrow it will have a bit an
explanation and about something you
probably really want to know about when
you're probably kind of angry about at
me thank you for everything thank you
really dive by my merch um goodbye I'm
not doing that I'm not beauty guru I
don't care nope
