hi what's up my name is Kara this is the
video this is water something that I
don't do much of recently I've been very
dehydrated my P has smelt very strong
since and it has been very very orange
Loki if I peed in a bottle you could
very easily mistaken for a farmer for
factory yeah like bottles and everything
something else you probably see doctor
yes so I haven't been the healthiest
recently I haven't been taking in much
of this recently
so for let's go buy some water drink it
all in one go
taking the week twelve of water so I
never have to drink it again and never
drink water ever again because I mean
it's just boring yes like my child like
what is it it's just they quit
it's like coke but without favor it's
just moisture for this good food the
only thing I've been drinking yeah
consistently the last 10 years probably
it's just like cans of coke not diet
coke coke zero not coke churches coke we
never like occasionally yeah sure I
guess what I understand a life yes it's
my health very poor yes so I still have
my childhood asthma yes am i allergic to
everything
yes my getting a little bit chubby yes
can I not run through five minutes
without wanting to frog / die in fact I
could even run for 30 seconds but the
most important thing is if I'm alive and
some people don't even get to be alive
so you don't really need any of this
what I'm trying to say anyway basically
I met hater
I hate tap water makes me feel sick when
people offer me tacos but I feel like
throwing off in their face and like
that's disgusting
I just Summerlee and you are like you
know gently said to it now I'm okay yeah
cuz i know cuz it makes you sound like
really like gone but why I'm like oh I
know it's perfectly fine like means like
chlorine and all that like bleach stuff
but no I'm not drinking your water in
your house when they're starting to
happen so they don't have any um it
makes me feel kind of bad not very great
for the environment since when did I
care
I mean go vegan kids yeah I hate tap
water so I drink a lot of bottles until
when I do occasionally drink water
Jordan earth on fire that's hot water
apparently it goes through seven
different people's bodies or it gets you
that's filthy convincing the kids to
stop drinking we're gonna drink that's
my two cents on the water situation and
that's Kira on politics select me to be
the next prime president of United
States of Africa what country are we and
is it Tuesday today okay I guess let's
just get right into this video before I
explain what is going on I'm just gonna
put a couple of things out there this is
my own merchandise I am wearing yeah for
once it's only available till Christmas
so you can buy it I didn't make it I
made it seem to like you this has my VA
seems to like it also quick plug to my
social media say alright here you can
follow them do you know why because were
always there at 100k on Instagram
and that's just like Klout level 10
million okay
so what we're gonna do is I'm gonna show
you all of the different waters I have
purchased there are some weird ones that
I've never seen before and some here
that I actually kind of dunno I have
firstly we have this bad boy this looks
very questionable
I love how they've made it clear there
so you can see that yes it is
impractical tough it's also kind of
clickbait because it kind of tricks you
into thinking it's like maybe juice or
something I don't know what this window
here is for this is also Cleveland it's
a safe of still mango and passion fruit
I don't know how a mango can taste still
but
there you could and apparently it's
going to give me vitamin D I'm not sure
which vegetable that comes from I think
it might come in the stomach I remember
yeah
we have Sainsbury's still Scottish
mountain water I again I don't get how
squatting can be still it's great basic
my mother buys this one next we have
some salmon pelegrin amnio i Jeremy like
this because it just looks expensive and
that's like what I'm trying to go from I
just like think that looks expensive
that has an actual substance if it makes
me feel better about my life thanks we
have every urn original everyone knows
how this case it just seemed like it
just tastes like it's been washed like
chips so taste like oh I don't really
care everyone what it's my normal bottle
or when it has this big bad boy when
this bad boy comes out to play the
cloudiest water you can get pregnant and
they want to die also if you weren't
wondering hey cure you have some vinegar
another and it's sparkling obviously
you're gonna know if that is out no this
is highland spring sparkling spring
water well that our spring twice this
one looks like if you take one of this
just how I look like it beats like the
Osiris next we have state water by Lucas
a and I tried this one a couple of weeks
ago not to be dramatic or anything it
makes me want to die of death this
straight up tastes like it's just ugly
it's like 10 outside don't recommend but
I'm gonna see if I can split it amongst
all the office limits just you can pair
this one too
i have evolved it shortly natural flavor
the touch of fruit water Bhavik is also
really great i think it comes from
volcanoes well Vic from Vicky no yeah I
didn't know stories came out volcanoes
don't really know like they say it's
natural flavor I don't really know how
volcano will Turkey naturally taste of
strawberries we're going to put
into these short boxes here because
obviously these have like quite
distinctive shapes I'm doing shot okay
can we focus
boobies don't have any I just wear the
bra for dramatic effect ever need a bra
it just makes me feel better just makes
me feel like all the other pretty girls
like it has some holes in it here
because one time I really needed to wear
it but my mother just washed it like you
complete idiot
so for okay well it's where so you know
I did I whipped out the hairdryer and
burnt a hole in my favorite bra but it's
my favorite browser it's not going
anywhere
one eternity later forgot which jinx
went in it each cup so we're trying it
different window so guys at first water
I'm going to be feeding Cara I'm gonna
be forced feeding Cara yes this little
baby I have this big huge sparkling what
you mean why don't you see what it was
maybe I'm a wolf here she got it
so poor boy
usually good this is not even your heart
but yeah okay guys and girls the second
ring is this one good guess she got a
guy stuck to our to third one is this
big bhagavati open wide
choo choo no I'm gonna feed a spawn it's
like really impossible to do anything
all right
did the still mango one correct
I really is the fourth water
I really hate fucking butcher is that
the Highland Springs one yes really
boy I'm so good at this Wow yes the
fifth Walter 980 cow
the office parking one false incorrect
it's a son Pellegrino
well mighty some what you want to kill
yourself you must feed your snare make
lots and that's what tear or wrapped
over my crown whoa volcanoes for anyone
know what this Boulder donut guys two
more waters left here is the next one I
meet you wow I've been really hydrated
today oh there you go Karen mmm that's
how okay you do kiss anyone isn't
nothing
yeah I told you how gross that was
that's crazy
I'm just China it's pretty nice it's
disgusting I don't know that's horrible
it's awful isn't it yeah it's like dirt
that's my describe it but it wasn't nice
hey guys this is truly astonishing but
without a warm water left and if you get
this one
it's a flawless victory for Kira Bridge
all the pressures down to you Kara
yeah pressure is building the pressure
the time the pressure pressure pressure
pressure pressure
someone that doesn't drink water I sure
I'm a genius
so kids I guess some different water
does in fact taste different my favorite
ones out of all of those this this is
great this is also great this one's
pretty great that makes me want to die
what about the shampoo agreement
it was barely behind sprint one it was
all cleaner space thing I love it I
guess what they say is not true you
don't need to drink water to be perfect
because I mean that was pretty perfect I
did a pretty good job though do I drink
water like ever
oh yeah the answer is no drop out of
school kids nothing dumb we're just done
I'm just done
subscribe to my channel if you want more
horrific content such as this give this
video a thumbs up if you dislike this us
good ways yet more like because I'm
talking more people hated it like this
thank you yet to me again you can go to
subscribe to this channel is just
starting out on YouTube he only has
about 50 subs so we're really trying to
grow this channel which kind of gets
infused and these channels link down
below he does lots of videos like this a
lot more cancerous
