hi I'm angry I hate the world I hate
everyone having a bad day I'm stressed I
have nothing to post today so you know
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna burn fish so
I was just sitting here minding my own
business and when I was violently attack
and now I'm angry about it you know I
mean you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna burn stuff to let out some pent-up
aggression so day five is cameras get
ready it's about to be lit the burning
things stop it well I'm angry this is
your fault
locker goodness you're too young to play
with fire Karen
don't you dare no no no all right no
afraid you your dogs are fats this fire
on the fall
firing head the Linkwood so I'm you see
what happens if I try and burn this
okay
and we taught it sizzles wow this is
really interesting
but this is mad do I know what you've
done
it's crazy oh my god
this is mad the Frick was the rest of my
hair would this was a cool video oh my
god there's only one match left there is
only one more you burn I burn you to
hate you
this isn't this isn't a real video I'm
sorry if you wanted this and if you
didn't want this I mean yeah I'm sorry
if you didn't want to see this today for
day 5 if Kira knows who the thing is I'm
kind of angry at the world and I hope
you die and and um well I mean I have to
let out some stress every now and then
I'm sorry if this isn't the video that
you wanted to watch but I'm just trying
to represent an accurate portrayal of my
life and this is it right now I'm having
a mental breakdown I can't do this I
genuinely I can't yeah I will my name's
Ben Kyra you're probably gonna
unsubscribe after watching this but that
was my coping mechanism and maybe you
could use that as your coping mechanism
- I hope you understand that I feel like
I'm falling to pieces I don't handle
pressure very well I think I have an
anxiety disorder I should probably get
diagnosed people
