hey everyone it's me hallease and i'm
mr. hallease do you want to use your
name or not I don't really care
okay the anonymous no I mean I like
referring to you as mr. release on the
channel and I me but and I think they
like referring to you as mr. hallease on
the channel as well more or less but I
mean if you want your own which is great
because it's does segue into our topic
for it today
Holly's wholly sex wine wholly sex why
okay here we go
hey everyone it's me hallease and mr.
Howie's dude he wants me for yourself
yes yeah I think T like you can
introduce yourself you were strong
independent woman see
hi this is Holly's and this is some
other man who I am partially connected
to but you do independent bro right
alright this is the one we're gonna
actually here we go hey everyone it's me
hallease back with mr. Lee's alright and
we're doing another conversation because
some of the patreon producers asked us
to cover this topic so we are here
discussing I should have pulled this up
before I started talking so now we gotta
wait hmm for me to get to it
how y'all doing though you're doing good
and a good day let us know in the
comments below
are you watching this on the toilet you
know your smartphone screen is one of
the dirtiest parts is it really well yes
people take it on the toilet
oh and no one ever cleans that oh man
you just made me feel so gross
they make a light they make a UV light
for that you just put your smartphone
under the UV light no I don't want to
see the topic of today's videocast with
mr. hallease is from Nikki Paige
she asked she's patreon producer and
she's actually like one of the most like
involved patreon producers that I have
so hey Nikki how you doing girl hope
you're doing well
thank you for being so involved how do
you to balance your independence and
individuality in your marriage I'm
divorced but when I was married my ex
was intimidated by the fact that I was
so independent and he felt that I
disregarded him as my husband I didn't
depend on him the way he felt a wife
should and then the piggyback on that
Kesha who is also another really awesome
patreon producer who's like always
involved on the patreon page and stuff
there god she was like what's it like
being married for seven years can you
give any advice because she is actually
getting married next September so first
off congratulations
that's um and so yeah and this also just
ties into like some stuff I remember our
anniversary just passed on September 2nd
and because I didn't put out a video
that weekend because I was celebrating
our anniversary together
I pulled everybody on like questions I
can answer about marriage on Instagram
and a lot of y'all had some good
questions and I hopefully you gave
advice on that so yeah it's like all of
these things together I feel like we
should just have a discussion and like
talk about it picking up on like Nikki's
thing about how do we maintain our
individuality our independence so I
think we can't even answer that with one
straightforward answer it has to be like
a three parter so it's one when we were
dating to when we were like newly
married and then now yeah because the
now answer is boring
yeah because we're well-adjusted people
now mm-hmm now seven years yeah seven
years in what's really more like eight
if you count like when we were dating
okay everything cuz I count that even
though we weren't like married before
like wait even though we weren't legally
married yet when we were dating I
already was starting to commit to you in
that way thank god it's like I was not
committing to you oh six years after the
marriage yeah but when we were dating
and it wasn't even more individuality it
was just who you were excuse me so you
just weren't that close of a person you
you weren't that you know touchy-feely I
wanted to hold your hand when we were
out and about and you just weren't
necessarily about that all the time it
was also just new to me as well like I
think it's worth I didn't date a lot of
people like at all so I just didn't have
I don't even know like just the things
that people learn to do as they start
dating when they're 15 16 13 whatever
age they are it was not desirable until
a certain age I mean you have more
experience than I did so that's a
different video I just wanted to hold
her hand but she was all about the
snuggling
last night which was good so yeah but
again that's that's less individual
individuality in oh oh I got a bad case
of the snuggle bugs you were we were
still different people yeah um while we
were dating and that's that's the
biggest thing and that you can't expect
two different people to come together
and not have growing pains for however
period however long a period of time
yeah and I think every couple is gonna
be different in those growing pains and
like when they finally find what an
actual equilibrium is for them like what
is a positive status quo because I think
a lot of couples will have a status quo
but it's actually not a good one you
know so yeah so from dating to like the
entry level of marriage again two
different people
we had not lived together maybe for like
maybe a week or two like when you came
back from California yeah before we got
married married or whatever again that's
that's its own video yeah but there were
there were growing pains because of and
the thing that I had documented from
it's not cache notes what you Nicky
Nicky Nicky his question which is yes so
it ended I mean I was the only son in a
Hispanic family so then ever let me do
anything didn't learn how to even cook
yeah well you have to explain next
people won't not understand okay
culturally what you mean so cool I mean
culturally so like wait I mean it's it's
a very patriarchal culture I mean it's
it's machismo right I mean it's that's
the stereotype I'm not trying to be
negative about my culture but you know
typically men don't do as much like they
they are the breadwinners it's still
very like 1950s asked right so men are
the breadwinners women stay at home do
most of the chores birth Mitchell
right rear the children and even as and
she's alluded to this in another video
so even you know if you were at a family
function or whatever the man does not
typically go get his own food well
that's more my culture that's more in
mind I noticed that but yeah and that's
just I mean it's it's weird that I'm an
able-bodied person I can go get my own
food yeah anyway so yeah so I never
really did too much laundry on my own I
never really cooked on my own until I
was a bachelor and then I did it poorly
until we got married and then that was
kind of a like a splinter in the
relationship because it didn't feel too
holly's that I was carrying my share of
the burden so she ended up doing a lot
more of the laundry she initially she
ended up doing a lot more of I don't
know I don't even remember cooking yeah
I did most of the cooking I did a lot of
the laundry and like the clean house
keeping it right but a lot of it was
more my frustration it wasn't really
actually that it bothered me to do those
things per se because I was coming into
the relationship with my own ideals
dated ideals of what a marriage should
be as well and I was coming into them
from a patriarchal sense of like I
should be filling those these roles and
I should be happy about it
oh no so you didn't really have a job
job right and so it was also like I
don't yeah this was when I was I just
graduated from my undergrad I was
looking for a production job and so it's
kind of like if I'm my job is looking
for a job and also like if he's working
12 hour shifts and all this stuff like I
should be the one picky like pick my way
up as far as like maintaining other
things while I'm looking for a job right
but I feel like the thing that bothered
me the most in the beginning wasn't that
you didn't help it was that sometimes
you would critique how I did it and
that's very much a Georgian advice flash
my father I was like oh you're doing
that but you're doing that wrong and
like first of all there was a better way
to do that let me show you
but then walk away afterwards you can
pick it back up again
yeah I know how ridiculous it was I
I can see that now I could see that now
but you like you know having that
conversation with you like that was a
heart that was a series of conversations
oh yeah I mean it was like over the
course of years
you're a it's a while
so y'all seem to like the sort of video
cast podcast II kind of talks between
mr. Hollis and I so much so that I would
like to entertain the idea of doing
these regularly and start like having
them just have a better production value
because I would like to have them be not
only video so you can watch them here on
the channel but also basically like make
a podcast out of it and have it on I
guess anchor that's what a lot of people
seem to be using because it kind of
disperses it wherever um so yeah if the
spirit moves you consider supporting the
channel on patreon because she does want
to up the production value of some of
the vlogs and the podcast if it does
turn out to be yeah and I would want to
do this regularly like I would want this
to be a segment of the channel that
regularly happens like once a week
he's just yeah that these come out um I
like that name B's cast mm-hmm so if you
do decide if you do decide to support
the channel and as a producer on the
patreon page yeah then your efforts
would go towards making that concept and
also the podcasts are reality that much
sooner yeah that much faster I feel like
either way this content is going to
become that eventually the catalyst is
just time like how much time it takes
because yeah I want to get like just
better podcast audio equipment so we
always sound good maybe invest in a
camera that can record longer so that
way I'm not having to worry about
starting and stopping mine to make sure
we're still capturing ourselves if you
enjoy this content we want to see it
more consistently and then also like
taking y'all's ideas and just having
them ready all of that kind of stuff
consider port it's supporting the
channel on patreon patreon comm slash
police oh so if you want some merch
right Mormon
yeah or purchase some merch please the
links should be below this video they're
pretty cool shirts I like the defiant
yeah you actually like he wears this you
know what it's it's a good logo you're
supportive you support me also anything
another way to support the channel if
you if you don't have the means to
support on the patreon or you don't feel
like it or you feel a certain type of
way about it if you are watching the
videos and there is an ad playing oh let
the ad play let the EDD please like the
video that's like all these things you
have to do yeah um commenting on the
video helps a lot to just do the
engagement like any way you want to
engage sharing this video with someone
you think would enjoy it all of that
stuff helps so if you don't want to
support the channel via patreon or
buying merch or whatever that's fine
let's see ads play please you touched on
a good theme that I want to bring back
later and in like roles but like I do
want to transition over into like how we
address individuality now yeah and she's
recognized that a lot of times I'll come
home from work and I'll need to
decompress so I'll go on my phone or my
laptop or whatever and I'll be
essentially by myself I'd cocoon myself
for a period of time and then I'll go
and seek her help yeah like literally
he'll come home and this is before we
were displaced as well - like even then
he would literally come home even though
we had like a large screen TV you know
and stuff like that he would still go
that's for football right he would still
go grab his laptop or his phone and
headphones and sit on the couch quietly
and like watch something and be quiet
I don't sometimes I wouldn't even know
he'd come home you know and he would do
that for like hour hour and a half now
even as we're displaced he definitely so
does that so it's like that's just the
time he needs separate separated to then
be able to come back into the
relationship slash society slash
wherever and be like present you know
everyone has their thing and you'll do
something similar in that idea from time
to time well you use the office a little
bit more to separate from yeah the fact
that I mean we share a house with your
parents so you go to their place and
there is no expectation of privacy right
so I can set up my own little cocoon
with headphones and
looking at stuff with you I can't do
that can't really do that sushi she has
the physical separation of space and
then she'll come back like again the
individual individuality has kind of
enmeshed with just the Miss DISA T
because I end up cooking the meal for
the most part unless I'm really lazy and
then we'll eat and then we'll become our
own unit and then you still kind of do
your own separation thing but yeah so
there's still you still find your world
yeah but you don't fully isolate
yourself I think I think like I think
there's this expectation when you get
married that y'all are supposed to be
like one well you are but like but all
the time
yeah like you can't be separate but like
put together in a way and that's
something that we are I think on the
outside looking in like other people
seeing us they see us as very much like
a unit and one which is good everyone
everyone on the outside of your marriage
should see you and your spouse that way
because it just makes communication and
expectations around like the pecking
order of who is most important to you
and there is a pecking order and the
most important person should be your
spouse uh-huh the big Peck the big grand
pecker pops yeah yeah but um but like if
y'all were to like see us in our day to
day life you would see that we actually
are very separate we're just walking
parallel to each other you know we have
a lot of time there's a lot of time
through most days where we're actually
not together right you know but we still
have like there's still the tie right
we'll be texting or calling I think
there's still a like I still have my
fingers on the pulse of what's going on
between the two of us well I think
that's the thing too it's like if it's a
it's a shift in perspective like your
spouse never truly leaves your mind they
just come to the forefront of it when
they should
like when it's important saying and and
and I think you get to a point where
there's like cue words of like man I'm
super tired today like that for a text
you send or I think the house has
termites you know or just whatever it is
or just like I'm tired of this like then
it's like wow spouse needs to come to
the forefront now but then when you're
living your life your individual life
they kind of fall they don't leave your
mind they just fall to the back of it
you're always on my mind in some way to
some capacity always you know but it's
just sometimes you're just not the
immediate focus of my thoughts so that
segues into the the theme that we almost
touched on earlier which is roles so
like in in the marriage you will always
have like you should define what your
role is and you should feel equal in it
so and it shouldn't be that someone's
keeping score because as soon as you
know that someone's keeping score like
you've already there's already
inequality and the way that you're
thinking and so there will never be
enough because as soon as you feel like
you're at a deficit then you know you're
already bent out of shape with that
other person and in the same way it's
the roles but that you mentioned it's
like you work we are always spouses so
like that's the Hat or like the shirt
merge merge that you wear and you know
maybe there's something else that is
above that temporarily but the spouse
shirt will always be there and that
should be the thing like the regardless
of how individual you are you should
know that you are with this other person
and if you don't feel like you're on a
level field with the other person then
you either need to talk about it or
maybe you're not what the right person
or I don't know yeah definitely
I mean cuz she talks about like he
didn't he was she was he was intimidated
by the fact that she was so independent
and she he felt like that she
disregarded him as her husband I mean
more into like gender roles oh well I
mean getting away from like the roles
that we play within the marriage I feel
like you going freelance has kind of
given me more of a taste of you being
individualistic yeah because you you do
go off on your own a lot more frequently
now on trips
yeah I've been gone a lot this summer
but also and it doesn't I'm not impacted
so like my masculinity isn't impacted
there's there's no change it's just that
you're not there and so I feel lonely
yeah and I just realized that yeah as
individual as individualistic we I
depend I pretend to be or like as
independent that I pretend to be when I
know that there is nobody there then I
know how codependent I am upon you
yeah that's actually actually thank you
because I wanted to ask or like I think
I already know how you feel obviously
but I wanted to like touch on that too
because I am starting to be gone a lot
more like I'm gonna leave next week yeah
I know
three days it's only three days not that
long but it is like I know for me
personally it has solidified in me how
like the level of codependents that I
realize that I do have on you so much so
that in my mind I'm starting to figure
out like okay I can't always be gone and
away from you because we've been
together so long that you are like
essential to my overall like state of
being yeah I've allowed you to become
that in my life and so it's like okay I
need to start making moves to where this
life is blended more into what truly
what and who truly matters most to me
because I can't just be out and about
gone for two weeks cuz it's not fun like
it's not
it's it's cool in a way like I do love
going and seeing new places but there's
no point in going and seeing and having
new experiences if you don't have the
person you care about the most to share
it with then it's like why are you even
there that's how I feel so this is the
mr. hallease method of dealing with
being alone one recognizing being alone
two wallowing in it three staying up
until about 12:00 or 1:00 in the morning
neither of us sleep but I do that
because I don't like feeling alone so I
either need to have the TV on or
listening to something I could just need
to have noise so it feels like I'm not
alone and then I get so I tire myself up
and I stayed up so late
so I have no choice but to crash and so
for as long as you're gone I am a
minimally functional yeah person and I'm
the same way like it's when I was in I
was gone in San Francisco for ten days
yo in the last I remember you I remember
you because we were still talking
everything through all of that like I
remember you messaged me after I put
that video up about hitting 13 K and you
messenger like hey love how you doing
you look tired man because you haven't
seen my face and it was true I like I
looked at the video and I knew it I was
like that videos like with me with a
coupon well part of that was there was
something in the air too though yeah I'm
just like allergic the closer to the
equator I get the better end you know
boy Mountain melanin or whatever but
yeah it's just like I am realizing how
much it's just better when you have
someone to spend it with honestly yeah
so I don't know it's like we're
independent but we're not if you bring
two hardcore independent people so it's
like two wild animals that are focused
on self-preservation themselves yeah and
you put them into a cage and then you
quit my cage is the marriage right and
then you put them you'll come back in
the morning and you find that one of
them is half-eaten yeah then like you
should not be surprised yeah so but you
just need to know the other person and
that's hard before the marriage
especially if you're not living together
yes yeah cuz I mean we're definitely
coming at
it from like the whole just like
traditional mindset like we didn't live
together before we were married and all
that kind of stuff and I think that was
actually the things I said on Instagram
where people were like oh when was the
hardest year or like the honeymoon phase
or whatever and I remember specifically
answering that one saying the first year
is the hardest year people that had easy
first years probably live already lived
together and had their first year when
they were first living together and like
pushed through a lot of that cuz you're
your two again it's like you are two
independent people learning to now
coexist it's like having a roommate that
you're sleeping with yes and you should
not feel shame if there's if there's a
like a break a breeze abrasion abrasive
what's the word it's it's abrasive okay
like you if if it feels like there's
friction in the relationship and you're
newly married that's that's normal
that's there's growing pains there's
always gonna be growing pains if you are
if you are having hard fights almost
every week then I mean that could just
be part of the dynamic but it's like
damn bro you don't get tired of that I
mean I guess it's a question of like if
you're having hard fights almost every
week and you've been together for X
amount of years maybe mm-hmm cuz we were
having a hard I think we were having
we've never really had cause like I'm
still sure I'm still shocked when I hear
people like yelling at each other
yeah and I know that's a dynamic in
people's marriages of like you know we
need privacy so we can yell at each
other and I'm like damn we are yelling
about those we got a yellow you know
that scares me
even when I feel like we've had fights
in front of like my parents and stuff
like that and it sounds like a strong or
a strong conversation but I don't think
it sounds like a fight to them you know
what I mean yeah and I know that
especially in the situation that we're
in with a
it's we do have we have strong
congressman you have strong
conversations bordering on arguments but
no one is yelling yeah and then we also
try not to take anything personally so
like in the last week but I was like
acting a certain type of way at dinner
like I was just like tired and a little
bit closed off because I was hungry and
I was tired and we were just talking
about stuff look you didn't take it
personally you just like let it ride and
like that's that was it yeah and like I
so I guess the thing is that like if I'm
bringing like negative energy you're not
pushing it like you're not feeding it
mmm yeah that's the thing I mean I feel
like a lot of like I feel like a lot of
it is granting yourself and your partner
like grace or the space to feel whatever
they feel because usually most people
aren't wrong in how they feel you can't
be wrong in how you feel how you feel is
how you feel you know if you feel in
tainment intimidated by your spouse like
that is a valid feeling that you have I
would say though that it's not up to
your spouse to change that feeling you
got to figure out what's going on with
you to make you feel intimidated you
know and that's just like how it is it's
more about coming back to you as an
individual even though you are in this
joint partnership with somebody and
recognizing what you bring into it
positive and negative think about how
long it took us to figure out how to
just communicate to each other
effectively you know even now as we like
when we have conversations we are so
conscious of how much we can affect each
other
in
that we like we've learned how to like i
overstepped and I should say sorry for
that you know what I mean and I or like
I need to let you feel that and that's
fine you know and just like we've
learned how to sort of like I don't know
like play each other like fiddles if you
will um catchments question Kesha is
saying what's it like being married for
seven years and like if we have advice I
don't even know if we answered Nikki's
question we did I feel like we did and
then there was a transition that you
might be able to use in a different
video
mmm and now we're going back to the part
where you can put okay into the Nikki
question yeah Cashner so Cashner asks
what it's like to be married for seven
years and then like because she's
getting married next September and then
like just a base advice on being married
for seven years and we you made a good
point about this at lunch about how we
can only give but so much advice because
our advice is gonna be tailored and
based on our own unique experience
together and our own like unique traits
and the fact that we're already seven
years in and we're in like a super
comfortable groove right well with
machine you know right right
whereas like yeah likes and and just
little things like that like I know a
lot of people someone asked oh when
someone asked on the IG stories when I
was doing advice there was um oh did you
take marriage counseling before you got
married like I don't know if they meant
in the Christian sense or just not like
you know people do it secular or secular
it's both or non sequiturs both but um I
said nah I didn't we just kind of went
right into it you know I'm saying and
then the day followed up with like Oh
what would you recommend it I cannot
recommend it because I did not do it get
someone talk to someone who did it even
so it's like the same realm with what I
feel like with marriage advice in
general like I can only give take
everything we say with a grain of salt
honestly because our marriage is ours
your marriage will be yours you know and
things that'll work completely fine in
your marriage we would be like that is
not for us right ie having a long-term
therapist
my were people that have open marriages
and that seems to work for them and it's
like that's not gonna work for me in my
house you know I'm saying but like it
seems to work so there you go so it's
it's it's that kind of thing but all
that thing said though advice that we
can give I guess that maybe will work
kinda I don't know I guess when I hear
catching this question it's I hear a
little bit of and some of the other
questions did you get an Instagram or
some of the comments that you get in
some of these videos or how do you like
how do you stay in the relationship what
is it like to be in a relationship why
aren't you aren't you bored right yeah
that kind of stuff
so I guess like there's some sort of
disbelief in some people where they're
like oh I can't even think about being
with someone for that long and we made
that remember we had that idea it's
lunch yeah it's not about like cuz
that's the other thing too it's like
people will ask oh how long have you
been married and so I think you know in
past videos or as I don't know like 2011
y'all do the math you know I'm saying
like it's for me it's when you're
starting to think about each year like
it sounds to me like you're counting
down to something to a state of being
when you won't be married again anymore
so it's almost like you're waiting for
it to end you know or like trying
focusing in on the amount of time that
you've put into it and I feel like it's
it shouldn't be that way it should
transcend time a little bit and it
should just be you are once at a state
of being not married then something
happened and now you are at a state of
being married and that is it there's no
like it's been X years we've gone
through X you know this this and that
it's just you were married you weren't
married and now you are that's it
because yeah if you get into the time
bit then it's like you will be bogged
down by that existence I don't know if
I'm making sense you know so that so and
this is also coming again from
perspective from a couple that time
doesn't matter anymore again right we've
been together so long
the amount of time is irrelevant and
then also the house thing like yeah
excuse me we've been winning for so long
that time doesn't matter like a month a
day a week a year like it's all it's
just it's me being the same but with
just this other like arbitrary unit of
whatever having passed yeah so when
someone's thinking like bull I don't
know if I can last even one year two
year two years with this person like how
is that gonna even be it's like someone
saying I don't know how much sand I can
carry on my person like I just don't
know how much weight I can carry and
it's like cool and give you an empty
backpack put one grain of sand every day
every hour or whatever right and it's
just like some meaningless amount mm-hmm
over time you'll look back and you say
holy crap I'm carrying you know 50
pounds worth of sand but I can do that
because I have the strength over time
like I built it up yeah without even
realizing that we're good exactly
because it was blinders so you were so
busy being you know independent slash
dependent living your life yeah yeah you
just kind of blink honestly like you
blink and you're like oh it's been seven
years you know what I mean and that's
just kind of how it is cuz I do like I
still will think about that sometimes
I'm like dang I'm almost 30 I and I met
you like when I talk about it to y'all
and having to put myself back in that
mindset like oh damn I met you when I
was 19 I'm almost 30 you know then it's
like whoa that's a lot of sand you know
but in the day-to-day of it I don't you
don't think about it so I would say
that's maybe that's like the the advice
we can give focus on being just present
in a moment with this person don't focus
on like well how are we gonna be still
at this in a year that's the wrong way
to walk into it so to type both
questions together it's you're both
individuals right you will always be
back you're never gonna solve everything
for each other
no that's our dime yeah but so you're
both going to be individuals
you're never gonna solve everything for
each other but you're both gonna have
each other at the end of the day Yeah
right
so I know that regardless of all the
crap that we're going through I have her
so in this point of time like we have
this moment of clarity of or this
thought of clarity that all this other
stuff can go on but I need to focus on
my wife so regardless of Hawaii paying
how angry I feel how frustrated I feel
or like if my job is even worth whatever
if I come home I am laser-like focus to
the relationship it's like well I feel
certain tip away how do I help she feels
a certain type of way about work how can
I help
so again individuals but what are you
how are you helping the marriage succeed
I'm sober PM sorry I said damn coffee
well it's my like how are you and this
is something I think you learned with
time as well how you end up growing to
be whatever your spouse needs you to be
in the moment because that I think
that's like again I think people think
in terms of like love is something that
happens to you that you have no control
over and it's not it's a conscious
decision that you make to love somebody
and stay in it sometimes it is very
unconscious in the beginning of the
marriage it was a very conscious
decision that I had personally to stay
you know and then as time went on it
became something that you know
unconsciously I was in it already and I
wasn't leaving you know but yeah and
like love is about becoming what that
other person needs you to be in that
moment and sometimes they just need you
to listen or sometimes they need you to
like
them about themselves and things they
need to work on or whatever you know mr.
hallease is actually very good at doing
that to me regularly and that's the
thing that makes marriage hard to is it
it shows you everything that you suck at
as a person like as a human being even
though you are a good person I'm gonna
go out on a limb and say that anyone
watching this video in the process of
maybe getting married or whatever you
are a good person most more than likely
but because you are building a life with
someone else they're gonna show you how
you are not are the things that you
falter in as a human being and that you
need to work on and you will be shown
that continuously and so you work on it
you know and if because if you don't
work on it things will not get better
right you know the more I started
focusing on myself and how not ideal I
was of a person sometimes the better the
marriage got I noticed that I guess I
did the same thing again if we're tying
back to the first question or it's like
oh I'm not doing enough in the marriage
let me try right to do better
yeah and I do over time I think yeah I
don't know okay so did we do it
we entered both did we answer we did I
feel like we actually answered them okay
as opposed to previous ones where I
don't know if we didn't look before yeah
I'm police mr. hallease Here I am the
second beast the second being the Chris
of the mr. Hawley speedster mr. Hawley
Spieth what are we supposed to say how
do I in my videos oh I'll see you when I
see you there we go
that's how you do it bye see you bye
