Gabby Douglas and her edges take Lord
knows what so I'm on Facebook this
morning and I see this post showing how
a Twitter just had to go in on Gabby
Douglas's edges and can we not fan in
the year 2016 can we just not I am a
firm believer in the fact that would you
hit a certain level of accessor
you know breaking boundaries and doing
you know making the impossible possible
I feel like certain things like edges
cease to matter to you because they
really shouldn't matter when you're
defying the laws of gravity and physics
daily you know daily on the world stage
things like edges don't matter anymore
you and you transcend that's what
happened
Gabby Douglas has transcended into a new
realm where edges don't matter and she's
looking she's looking down on us on us
you know talking about edges and and why
they matter she's just like I'm above
that people trying to pull Gabby Douglas
back down into a realm where edges are
relevant is laughable because she's too
busy being great what were you doing at
20 and y'all tried this nonsense 4 years
ago too y'all tried to come for her
edges 4 years ago when she was 16 this
girl has gone to the Olympics twice now
and she's 20 years old edges don't
matter in her world and they shouldn't
it just shouldn't matter in her world I
understand how people can feel
especially people within the black
community can feel some kind of way okay
y'all can feel some kind of way you know
when people don't look as put together
as you would like them to look you know
but and I'm just gonna go ahead and say
this cuz I feel like it needs to be said
she's better than you she's better than
me
she's better than you she's better than
Mike I mean she's she's genuinely better
than what like 98% of the population of
the world because at the ripe old age of
20 she
already gone to two Olympics and has
brought back gold like she's better
I remember in 1996 watching Dominique
Dawes at the Olympics and being in awe
of her as a young I was a child was
around six years old when she was at the
Olympics and I remember being an offer
not because I felt like I could go out
and be a gymnast
I remember watching her and being in awe
of her and realizing someone that looked
like me could be on the main stage
someone that looks like me could be
admired by everyone all right and that
was so powerful to me as a kid and you
got you best believe you best believe
there are little black girls that are
watching the Olympics right now watching
her and being in awe of her right and
being like whoa look at her she looks
like me and then in the same moment of
having that amazing euphoria of
representation they're also hearing you
drag her about her edges in the year
2016 can we just be unapologetically
here for black women that are breaking
barriers and breaking boundaries can we
just unapologetically be fair here for
them in the year 2016 can we do that
collectively as a culture fan the
question you end up having to ask
yourself or the question I end up asking
you then is this do you want a role
model because that's what Gabby
Douglas's she's she's a role model you
know do you want a role model or do you
just want a model because if you want a
model that's fine but if you want a
model then just admit that okay and
leave Gabby Douglas's edges out of it
I'll see you when I see you y'all really
trying to come from my girl Gabby you
can fight me you can fight me you will
not come forget Douglas is here you will
not
