third time is always always the charm
glossier makeup take three hey everyone
it's me hallease so if you've been
watching my videos recently you've
noticed that I've begun to dabble in the
arts of makeup prep I do stay on these
here youtubes watching makeup tutorials
just for the artistry because y'all are
just connoisseurs I'm not really trying
to achieve any kind of intense amazing
contoured look so there are three things
that I'm always trying to achieve with
my makeup look the first thing is I'm
trying to make it seem like I actually
got enough sleep the night before the
second thing is I'm trying to make it
seem like I've been drinking enough
water my entire life and finally the
third thing is I'm trying to make it
seem like I have been eating healthy my
entire life and I don't really have a
look different for like going out at
night versus going out in the day it's
just this is what I wear when I feel
like I'm starting to look boopie you
know and another thing too is that your
hormone cycles can really dictate how
your skin looks and feels as well so so
anyway here are the four products that I
have been using from glasses line to
achieve those three things the first is
their tint I use it in rich and I really
like this product it's basically a
really really really really fine liquid
foundation do not expect this product to
have a lot of coverage it's really more
of just beginning to lay the groundwork
of evening out your skin tone and
evening out any just discolorations that
are minor that might be there the second
product I use is their concealer and
again I also use the concealer enriched
I use the concealer to then go in and
start to sort of minimize my acne scars
that I have along my chin and also along
my neck I'm not necessarily trying to
make them go away completely again I
want people to see me for who I am but I
am just trying to minimize them and then
I will also put a little bit under my
eyes so again looks like I got enough
sleep and finally a little bit under my
nose along the skin above my top lip
because I've noticed that in photos
sometimes it's
like I have a mustache even though I
have no hair on my upper lip like I have
none you know I have hair everywhere
else the third product I use is there
boy brow the boy brow is meant to kind
of just enhance the natural eyebrows you
already have for me
I have eyebrows but the brows the hair
of my brows are so fine and then my skin
on top of that is so dark that it's hard
to see that I have them so with the boy
brow it's a nice way to just give myself
eyebrows just a little bit and again I'm
not going for the crazy awesome
contoured look at me brow I'm just
trying to say that hey in case you
didn't know I have eyebrows that's all
I'm trying to do and then finally I use
a little bit of their generation G in
Jan it's a really I would almost
classify it more as a lip balm with tint
then a lipstick per say but I really
like it it gives my lips just a nice
little pop and that is what I do for my
face if I know I'm gonna be taking
photos and myself you know just little
things like that just to just give
myself just a little bit of a leg up
just a little bit of a boost if you are
interested in trying any of glossiest
products I do have just the code that
they give everybody when you first buy
something I have that code I will link
to it here ish and I will also put it
down below in the description box for
you if you are so inclined to use it
that's cool if not that's cool too um so
yeah that's me
I will see you when I see you
