traveling with a period take one so I am
a clue ambassador like I said before and
I would start talking a little bit more
about just women's health topics and
issues the topic I wanted to come with
y'all at y'all today with is how I
personally travel when I am on my period
and I know that my period is coming
every so much of Colorado on vacation
and the main way I realized that was of
course I looked at my clue app and with
its predictive algorithm it let me know
that my period would fall about two or
three days into the vacation now for me
personally I'm not on any kind of birth
control I'm not on any kind of hormonal
birth control or IUD or anything like
that so wow clue is usually actually
pretty accurate almost to the day
sometimes it can be a little off because
your period can fluctuate based on your
stress level how you've been eating how
much you've been drinking what kind of
food you've been eating and so on and so
forth so for me the best way I found to
be prepared and not embarrassed Wow
traveling was to use period panties I'm
just gonna get on I'm just gonna tell
you a little bit about the two different
brands that I use the first brand that I
really enjoyed that I first started
using actually a few months ago is
thanks I have two styles I think's
underwear I think the poker and their
sport of the to the sport is my favorite
because I really like the fit of the
sport but ER the hip hugger kind of
creeps into granny panty status for me
but I still like it I still think it
hold the hip poker actually holds the
most menses according to their website
you know I feel that much more secure in
my protection I also wear my thinks
underwear with my menstrual cup I use I
use my thinks as a backup to my
menstrual cup on my very on towards the
ends towards my lighter days towards the
end of my cycle I will just wear the
thanks and nothing else but for the most
part for me in my comfort level I just
really like having the menstrual cup and
thanks together especially for the first
two to three days of my
which are the heaviest for the days
leading up to my cycle when I'm not
quite sure when it's gonna come and I
also don't want to waste my thanks the
thing about thanks is they are a little
bit pricey I really only have two pairs
of things so I really like to save them
for when my menses actually begins so
leading up to that I use a very small I
use a different brand of period panty
and I found these just on Amazon Prime
you know I searched you know typed in
the search bar period underwear and
these popped up and they had decent
reviews and the price was right so I
just went ahead and bought them and gave
them a try and I will say leading up to
my cycle these were actually great
because I bought two packs so I ended up
having six pair which was awesome and
they're very sheer with a mesh mesh sort
of lining around them and then the
undercoating of where you know it's kind
of protecting if you have stuff and I
will say that they actually do hold up
really well as far as when I when I
finally did feel my period begin I was
wearing them and I felt confident and
comfortable enough to be okay until I
was able to get back to my hotel room
and put on my menstrual cup which was
actually a good two or three hours later
honestly it was like a flawless trip it
was great there was never really a time
where I felt really where I was really
concerned that maybe there was leakage
or anything like that because even if
there was I was wearing the underwear
the bag that the the bag that these
under the underwear came in I ended up
using that bag to hold my underwear
while I was traveling and the bag that
they came in was really it was
resealable which was great there's no
leakage and things like that so you can
kind of keep them in there and you know
not have to worry about odours getting
in with the rest of your clothes or any
like you know just things getting on the
rest of your clothes in general if
you're just kind of concerned about
travel I would highly recommend looking
into you know period panties there's a
plethora of brands out there I'm not
endorsing any one brand because there's
so many but like I said I have thinks
and then the
they're third-party brand and you know I
I'm happy with my purchase so yeah
that's me that's how I travel with my
cycle I use my clue app and then I also
use period panties in conjunction with
my menstrual cup how do you travel with
your cycle let me know in the comments
below because you might have some great
tips and tricks for other people with
periods that might be watching this
video like I said before I am a clew
ambassador and so every now and then I
will be trying to bring new content
discussing different women's health
topics in the comments below also let me
know if you have any other topics that
you would like me to cover I'll see you
when I see you
