all the lighting is all right I will try
to ignore how terrible this lighting is
in our kitchen God's terrible sans
glutton happy belated Juneteenth I am
going to attempt to make southern tea
cakes sans gluten this isn't gonna be
manicured like I usually like to do the
sans gluten thing I like to do a hella
manicured but this is gonna be you know
we making tea cakes we make a southern
tea cakes so that's what this is gonna
be and that's why we're gonna shoot it
you know avant garde we don't shoot it a
little bit just
looking good yeah
all right so I have the oven at sets a
325 right now and it's getting warm and
I have put my dough in the fridge it has
been in there for about an hour that
being said let's check our dough looks a
little different I don't know I don't
know here we go
all right so here's what we got
we're letting them cool now for the five
minutes I ended up having to cook them
for 14 minutes instead of the
recommended nine to eleven because I
really did want to make sure I got a
little bit of that brown this there but
she was talking about so yeah I'm gonna
let them sit and hopefully these taste
good
okay all right we're about to try them
here we go
Jeb you like cookies let go sugar cookie
dough cookie you like it I do I could
you like 15 of these all right
tea cake sir success yay
the end of slavery Delaine happy belated
you too Keith everyone
