baby fever take one
so mr. Elias and I've been married for a
minute and you know we've been doing the
husband and wife thing we're just on
that trying to build a life with each
other grind but inevitably we get asked
the same question over and over again we
all go ahead our first kid what's y'all
waiting for when you gonna have that kid
when you gonna have that kid
why don't you got no kid yet where's the
kid kid kid kid kid kid and so you know
at first we would just kind of laugh off
the question like uh-oh when are we
having kids uh uh one of these days but
now it's gotten to the point where we're
both just looking at people like and I
think it's mostly annoying cuz people
are just so bold with how they ask the
question they're they have this like
undertone to them of like how dare you
how dare you not put your body through
nine months of parasitic torture you
know how dare you not make a 20-year
commitment that cost a minimum of two
hundred and forty five thousand dollars
at this very moment how dare you not
commit to that right now
what are you waiting for is something
wrong with your spouse like the male
spouse is there something wrong with you
know what's going down down there is
first off get out my bedroom or I'll
tell you what I'm waiting for
I'm waiting for you to cut me that check
for $80,000 to cover the cost of a
vaginal birth and pregnancy okay and the
first five years of child care I'm
waiting for you to write me that check
that's what I'm waiting for
I'm waiting for that I mean just to
break this down for you fam I'm an Air
Force brat right so when my parents
decided to have me
they said it costs them a smooth hundred
and fifty dollars to birth me
and the only reason it cost that much
was because I had to stay in the
hospital at night y'all want to know
what the average cost of a pregnancy is
$30,000 $30,000 that sink in please 30
y'all
and so you know this is a really like
affordable and here's a thing like I'm
not against having babies children are a
blessing jesus said bring all the
children unto me babies are cute when I
see a cute baby you know my cold heart
softens you know I'm saying I'm like
protect this innocent thing at all costs
until it cries and then I'm like where's
your mom at I take the idea of bringing
a life into this world very seriously it
freaks me out how people are just so
casual with that notion you know of like
it's like it's going to the grocery
store and picking out a bag of chips or
something no we're talking about
bringing in existence I was born into a
very stable home my parents sacrificed a
lot from my sister and I to have a
certain standard of living which
includes paying for my entire college
education I'll never stop thanking my
parents for that like I graduated
debt-free that's something I would want
to do for my children when I look back
on my own life and I see everything my
parents had to do I know at this point
in my life that mr. Hollis and I can
cannot do that comfortably and I think
the thing that upsets me a Moute upsets
me the most about the entire situation
or the question in general is how
society and you know our population at
large it's trying to make me feel
pressed and stressed about being a
responsible human being like how you
know make me feel pressed about that how
are you gonna be in my business talking
about why each you had a kid yet why
ain't you made this life-altering
commitment yet because I'm no I know I'm
not baby how you gonna be mad at me for
being responsible and also on a
completely different note Heike I am not
here for the fetishization of mixed-race
babies like I'm just not here for that
in any way shape or form and I see that
then y'all gonna have such beautiful
mixed-race babies blablabla and I know I
know that they're talking about this
idea of having this like olive-skinned
3c vibrant eyes kid and it's like brah
no fetishizing my kid before they're
even are in existence you know the kid
hypothetical kid just like an egg and a
sperm and you already trying to just
decide what they look like for why can
my hypothetical kid just live can my
hypothetical kid just live though that's
my question though something that's been
on my mind for a minute you just want to
come at show on the cha know where I'm
at in the comments below let me know
what are some things what are some
questions that you are tired of hearing
from the elders of your family and let
me know if you've had any like awesome
clap backs to people asking you
questions because I love it when people
clap back and I'll see you when I see
you
