two three just take three a lot of y'all
requested to officially meet Poochie aka
Dakota aka Poochie um so here she is
laying on me and being a trademark
Australian Shepherd which is they're
called velcro dogs because they always
want to be right next to you all the
time she's an Australian Shepherd mix I
think she's mixed with an Australian
Shepherd and a cattle dog so she has the
kind of fur color pattern of the cattle
dog but the body and the fur type of an
Australian Shepherd
she's definitely a shepherd dog through
and through she follows you wherever you
go
she was really committed to being loyal
to you and staying right next to you
she's uh she herds you sometimes will
I'll be sitting at my desk and she'll
kind of keep picking up the pace around
a lot until I get up and then I slowly
realized that I'm being circled around
and she's hurting me to the door though
she is a rescue we got her when she was
4 years old when we first met her she
was underweight she was about 30 pounds
and she was surrendered by a family I
believe that had multiple dogs so they
would kind of she's very beta
she's a beta dog to the max she's not
very aggressive at all and so I think
they would kind of beat her up and stuff
so she had a lot of she had some scars
on her head and scars on her legs and
she was also heartworm positive when we
got her - I am me I could immediately
tell that she'd be a good dog because
she was in the kennel and I mean all the
other dogs are kind of going crazy which
is the nature of being at a shelter
because it's you know it's an intense
environment for dogs and she was the
quietest dog there she was just laying
in the back of the kennel just minding
her own business and when we stopped in
front of her cage she had a ball that
she like quietly went and picked up and
brought it in her mouth to us started
just wagging her tail a little bit you
know and so mr. Hollis went and grabbed
her and I he immediately noticed that
she didn't try to bum rush the door or
anything like that she just let him put
the lead on her it was as if she's like
new okay I know what I'm supposed to do
you come
put the lead on we go to the area and
then you let take the lead off and I
play you know and even when he was
walking her to the leash off area she
was super chill and walking quietly and
the thing with the rescues is I mean you
know I could see the signs that she
could be an awesome dog I just you know
it takes time luckily when we got her
I was pretty new in my career so I was
home all the time looking for work and
so and the reason why we originally even
wanted to get a dog was so that I could
so that I wouldn't be home alone all the
time because it was kind of driving me
crazy a little bit so when we first
brought her home she pretty much just
kind of slept for a month
you know shelters like I said are pretty
stressful for most dogs and it was
basically for her is just like oh my
gosh it's so quiet here I can finally
sleep like really sleep and she just
slept all day and she'd get up a little
bit and I'd take her out to pee and
fetch with her just a little bit but she
pretty much just kind of slept and ate
and was still pretty indifferent to us
for the first month after that when I
think she began to realize like this
isn't temporary I'm gonna be with these
people for a while that's when I think
her personality really started to kick
in and she would get excited to hear
that mr. hallease was coming home from
work or she'd get excited you know when
I grabbed her leash and stuff like that
cuz she knew she was gonna go outside
and things like that going through
heartworm treatment was really sucky
because you can't let your dog play for
like a month straight it was pretty hard
going through heartworm treatment with
her but it worked out pretty well she's
been heartworm free now for four years
like I said I got her when she was we
got her when she was four and so now she
is I think you're eight hold are you
eight figure eight she's eight she is by
far the best dog I've ever owned in my
life
she's just so loyal and so just really
dedicated to mr. Hollis and I
she's very attentive to us I think I
haven't really ever had that sometimes
you know I mean dogs act up a little bit
but she's really not the type to really
act up yeah this is Dakota Australian
Shepherd Cattle Dog she's our bud she
does technically have an Instagram if
you are curious I do post instagrams to
her own personal accounts if you would
like to keep up with Dakota in the
comments below let me know if you have a
furry friend and who they are and how
you got them
I would Declan definitely recommend you
know hitting up your local shelter
trying to find a dog that's already out
there in the world looking for a good
home you know give give them a shot give
it it takes a couple months really to
really know how a dog is gonna be
outside of the shelter so you know I
think there are little cues you can pick
up on for sure while they're there but
Dakota now versus a Dakota when we got
her at the shelter's it's like
completely different Dakota I remember
when we got our - she was scared of
everything but she's still kind of she's
like introverted she still kind of is
but I remember mr. Hawley would just you
know haphazardly want to pet her and she
was maybe asleep or something and he
would touch her on her butt and she's
like freak out and get scared and think
we were attacking her or something she
like run across the room and whine and
stuff and now scratching her on her
butt's like the most favourite thing to
her in the history of ever so you know
they are damaged they come from intense
relationships and yeah you're being such
a ham and square get up so they can see
you come on yes there we go thank you
this is like one of her favorite things
to do is just like just lay on me like
this and just be next to me I'll see you
all tomorrow
