one week with the twist take two alright
so it has officially been at least a
week since I put on these mini twists
into my hair and I just wanted to give
you all a quick update on how it's going
so in the beginning they were twists so
the back is mostly still twisted stay
too twisted because the back of my hair
is very kinky
Kweli and so putting it in twists it's
just gonna stay it's gonna be like you
want me to do what we did gotcha boo now
the front of my hair or the front of my
head rather it's got something to say so
there's a lot of sections in my hair
that is more curly rather than kinky
kind of dips into the 4b for a area up
here and up top so what I found was that
some of the twists did split apart but
the two sections that made up that twist
stayed together like they naturally
liked clumping together and so I
basically said okay if you want to be
two separate locs that's fine I can work
with that and so essentially I'm kind of
letting right I feel like I'm in this
stage where I'm kind of letting my hair
decide how and where it wants the locks
to be based on the sort of like template
I guess I gave it with the mini twists
and that's really where I'm at this week
my hair is made to walk though
especially doing it in twists like this
it's the back is I mean they're not
locked per se but I would really have to
do I'd need to like really work through
them to get them to come apart now a
little bit and it's only been a week
give me another two weeks the back will
probably be pretty much like locked I
did wash my hair twice this week
because you know I I said I'm pretty
active I play soccer a lot
I run pretty consistently so keeping my
scalp clean is really important for me
and using shampoo does kind of help with
the locking process because it lifts the
cuticles which allows your hair to lock
to wood it lifts the cuticles
makes your hair have friction against
each other and allows them to get
intertwine that much more and lock a
little faster so you know as long as
you're putting that moisture back put
them away stir back using shampoo can be
a way to kind of help but it's really
your preference you know a lot of people
don't want to use shampoo for variety
reasons it's really just whatever works
for you
shampooing is a must I have to though
and I use Jason there two and one
treatment shampoo and conditioner this
stuff gets my scalp clean without drying
it out too much it's nice you know I
used to use their sulfur version they're
intense Brown version I'll link to that
video on the eye I used to use that when
I had a really bad break out I used that
shampoo but now that I've gotten the
dandruff under control and I feel like
my scalp is back to a good equilibrium I
just use this to maintain I did dilute
it in a applicator bottle not because
it's strong but just so it could
actually I could make sure it actually
got to my scalp and it did so yeah
that's pretty much where I'm at in the
comments below let me know if you've got
any tips for me moving forward with my
locs
you know I don't plan on I guess
retightening or anything like that for
you know at least a month if not maybe
two but when I do I will let y'all know
and show y'all how I do it and yeah I
mean I'm you know towards the end of my
first LOC journey I was becoming like
pretty semi freeform like I was trying
to not touch my hair a lot and I'm kind
of jumping into it with that same
mentality now with the second set so
we'll see how it goes
and I'll see you when I see you
