good morning um I have a brunch date
today so let's make it get ready with me
video
rise and shine and give God the glory
glory
rise and shine and give God the glory
glory rise and shine
and hey give God the glory glory
children of the world right so first
things first products I use to shower so
to cleanse my face I use the set of a
foaming facial cleanser I started using
this back in January
my mom is a tad bit bougie bought this
for me um
Loki thinks she's trying to tell me
something thanks mom I guess it's all in
love though don't you love mom's doctor
mom cuz it's actually really awesome
this stuff is amazing I use it for the
normal to oily skin I have very oily
skin with it I will use this cleansing
brush this is from Clarisonic it's the
mia model again bougie mom also brought
this for me as well and this thing
retails for something crazy expensive
like a hundred dollars I'm stupid my mom
bought mine on base though for a smooth
$20 hashtag thank you for your service
dad I use a laugh here's body wash as
you can see I'm almost out actually to
go buy some more learning about their
message and how their fair trade and all
that stuff I'm sure y'all saw Maya's
video and jewel Z's video when they went
to a laugh yeah I just wanted to you
know do my part because as far as
haircare goes I don't really use a lot
of products anymore
like at all especially if now them
probably gonna be starting locs soon
that's really gonna limit the products I
use but I still want to support them so
I use their body wash and to be frank I
love this
it's really light but it gets me really
clean I think it's like coconut
oil-based I don't use washcloths I use
the little like hand grippy I mean
grandpa show you hand scrubbers go ahead
and scrub things to wash my body because
you want to exfoliate get them dead skin
cells off okay
get it off so yeah I'll see y'all after
the shower bye
alright so I'm out of the shower I'm
feeling good now I'm going to go ahead
and wash dry as my face I like to give
my face a nice little toning after I get
out the shower so yeah I'd like to use
the rose water and glycerin all I do is
just give me Justin just yes yeah to
moisturize my face after I do my little
toner spray I once again head of the set
of a this is the facial moisturizing
lotion am OH
I don't wear makeup so like all I do to
my face to get it ready if you don't
want to purchase this sort of a because
this is rather expensive it's like maybe
15 bucks for this stuff this one has
been my ride-or-die for a long time and
i love it because it's honestly I wanna
say it's just as good but it is a very
inexpensive great alternative and it's
Trader Joe's enriched moisturizing
facial lotion I think this thing cost
like a smooth $3 take just a little bit
don't eat much just kind of put it on
and spread evenly
yeah Nick this is it guys this is what I
do you know there's no like second part
where I put makeup on or anything so
yeah I'll go ahead and spritz my body my
whole body with this - just rehydrate a
little bit and then afterwards I usually
do one of two things
Oh either put on just straight-up
coconut oil which you know I just got my
job just chilling here in the bathroom
coconut oil or I'll use this it's the I
mean there we go
I'll use this it's the elane hair and
body line and it's there peppermint
lavender butter I actually got have no
idea how much this costs I have no idea
I got this for free from naturally curly
for editing some videos for them and
it's like almost half gone
um it's got you know that's got a
peppermint lavender smell and so you
know what I don't want to use the
coconut oil when I just want to give my
skin an extra little like fragrance then
I use this instead of today since I'm
going to brunch and I want to be cute
I'm gonna use this to moisturize my body
a little bit goes a long way you can use
this as a hot oil treatment and for your
hair and a moisturizer for your hair
when my hair is feeling super dry I'll
use the rose water and then I'll follow
up with this I need to find out how much
this is it probably I'll probably be
heartbroken when I find out how much
this is but I need to find out how much
this is because I actually really like
this product so yeah moisturizing time
so for my hair it is right now it's just
a little bit damp because I got it I
took just swallows in the shower I took
a little bit of water in my hands and
just kind of patted it all around my
hair and it feels a little dry today
even with the path so today I'm going to
use the Alafia beautiful curls line
they're reviving tonic
oh gosh almost half gone have I used
that much of this damn
okay so I really like this spray because
it's um it's a it's an infused tea based
spray and so it's like water infused
with Awesomeness and its really light
and airy and so I'm actually really
excited about using this on my locs when
if they once they start to bud or if I
decide to keep them because I think this
will be light enough and it won't have
to worry too much about buildup and
things like that
one good go around and then over the top
and they're just kind of like rub so
kind of you know just have it evenly
distribute now you know I'm kind of all
over the place with it and that's when I
take my little scarf and you know just
put it like that
and I don't tie it tight it just help it
all just kind of like sit down and do
what I wanted to do but I actually kind
of like how it looks yeah see like it
was already doing it um actually kind of
like how it looks a little bit fluffed
out so I'm gonna let it be yeah just
kind of yeah
I'm feeling that so a good way to make
it seem like you care about how you look
without caring too much is dresses
poochie's ready to go out you ready to
go out Pucci you ready to go out Pucci
there you go outside huh I don't even
got to be an amazing dress this dress is
from I don't even remember
I think it's converse actually cuz
converse makes clothes randomly this is
a converse dress from I don't remember
how long ago and I mean you know it's
just a cute little like day dress
throw on some cheap earrings I might put
on my hat that y'all saw me wear in the
last video and this is it it looks like
I care without actually really caring
and you know I look presentable when I
look nice and blah comments below let me
know if there's any last-minute ideas
for videos y'all want me to do because
we're getting down to the wire and we're
getting down to the wire and that's
exciting I'm excited I'm excited so yeah
I'll see you on Martha
