I buzzfeed thing take one
sensational I finally got around to
watching this BuzzFeed video that
everyone has been just and I was trying
to avoid actually really was trying to
just avoid the video altogether because
you know I don't want to be upset for
the day so but I couldn't have what it
is just you know everyone's talking
about it given their two cents on it I
watched Evelyn's video on it and of
course she had me just cackling into the
Oblivion with her response I watched it
and I think the main problem i have with
the video is just that most of the
answers to a lot of those questions is
just easily white supremacy all that
being said I think the one thing that I
can say about the video is that for me
when i watch the video what I see is
myself from about six years ago six or
seven years ago I see myself in a lot of
those people that are in that video
because you know they're kind of on this
it's almost like self-deprecating it's
it's like borderline anti blackness a
little bit it's you know it's a little
bit of just like the self-loathing the
self-hatred or just like just like a
hint of it you know just like a hint of
it and I know that I know that feeling
all too well because I used to have a
lot of those same sentiments I
definitely did because I grew up in you
know a middle-class suburban
neighborhood in Texas and just
geographically there weren't many of us
where I grew up and then the black
people that were there you know outside
of the church that I grew up with you
know a lot of them would look at me and
say I wasn't black enough or they felt
like I was imitating some sort of
whiteness because I spoke a certain way
or I enjoyed school or things of that
nature and so it was awkward for me
there's just there was definitely this
duality that I faced in you know not
being black enough for the black
community where I grew up but none sure
as hell no one that I why
either and just not really knowing where
I fit in and I struggled with that and
because of that i think i did harbor
some sort the same kind of animosity
that I think you see in this video I did
kind of harbor these sort of like you
know yeah I'm black but I'm not that
black you know I'm not then you know I
tried to differentiate myself I was kind
of on this new black thing a little bit
and you know it took me a while to break
that and so when I watch a video like
this I can empathize past the content of
the video itself to the people that are
actually talking in the video because
it's to me I don't know any of them but
to me it feels like you're where I was
six years ago BAM what I can pray for
what I will pray for for them is that in
a month when they watch the video again
or after this all blows over and you
know people move on to the next thing
that's upsetting and rightfully so um
and they go back and they think about
the video and they or they watch the
video a month from now two months from
now a year from now a few years from now
I hope that they cringe that's the one
thing I hope that happens to them is
that they watch themselves in this video
and they cringe a little bit because
that'll mean they've grown their battle
they're better people for it and they've
learned from it and they've gained
something you know I look back at my
self online back when I was in my new
black miss you know I if you go back far
enough on my tumblr and stuff like that
you can see it you can see a little bit
of that self-hatred that hint of anti
blackness that hint of just loss of self
you know that I have and but then I look
and I watch myself I can literally see
myself become woke I can literally see
myself begin to find a community that I
belong in and that's partially why I'm
here on YouTube as well is because
YouTube is what gave me that feeling of
actually finding the black community
that I can feel a part of you can slit
early see my transition into Who I am
today and so which is still a work in
progress obviously that's my hope I hope
that they'll watch themselves in the
video and like many of us who have said
dumb crap and many points in our life
cringe a little bit when they look at
themselves because that'll mean they
have learned that'll mean there are
better people now and honestly that's
the way you become a better person is
you make mistakes blatantly in front of
everyone and you learn from it that is
how you become a better person and I did
that many times and I still do you know
I mean I'm not the hollies from last
month let alone last year so you know
I'm not you know i watched the video i'm
not that upset about it I don't know let
me know what y'all feel in the comments
below keep it civil please keep it civil
I know it's like a hot button thing but
heat a civil please and I'll see y'all
tomorrow
