Veda day 15 take 2 I have been cleaning
out my home and I have a few products
that I've been kind of lightly used I
don't want it like I'd want to get rid
of them but I don't know how to get rid
of them so don't call this a giveaway
because it's not really a giveaway but
what it is is a way for me to give y'all
products and all you have to pay for is
the shipping so I have bundled the
products together in two groups i'll
probably be flashing some photos of each
product bundle that i'm thinking about
doing right now and if you like said
bundle head over to my facebook page
make sure you liked my facebook page and
then comment on the photo of the
products that you want be the first one
to comment on it with just something
saying i want this or please hit me up
whatever and i will message you asking
for your address and then i will also
message you with the price of shipping
the products and then once you see the
price if you're like nevermind then I'll
move to the next person so um yeah this
is like a good chance for you to try
some of the products that I've done
product reviews on and just see how they
work for you for a relatively
inexpensive price i'll probably be
shipping them out via usps their flat
rate shipping and once again i will be
grouping them together to make it worth
it to pay for the shipping to get the
products because some of them are
actually you know if you don't mind
waiting for shipping some of them are
pretty cool to try and so yeah that's
happening and i'll be doing that so yeah
make sure to head over to my facebook
page and i will see you tomorrow
