this is beta this is Veda day five yeah
wait a day five um yes I'm trying to
grow my hair out because I'm trying to
look at the lens Holly's look at the
lens yes I am trying to grow out my hair
so that way i can start locs and I don't
know I just feel like in my heart of
hearts I'm ready for locks at number two
what I've been doing now is watching a
lot of YouTube videos again and getting
back into the lock community you know
I've been on a loose natural unlocked
for it's been a minute and while I kinda
had a toast open still in a lot
community on YouTube I'm now like you
know get my feet wet back again with
y'all and so there's a few uh lock lock
stars that I follow curly new growth I
follow her Joyce md I follow I recently
started following subscribe to her
channel love her vids she's awesome who
else who else damien walters i don't
know if you all know about him his
videos are like 20 minutes long and i
will sit there and watch the whole
freaking video it's like going to the
salon without it taking up all of your
day and then interspersed in there you
get educated about locks and there's
many others that i'm subscribed to and i
try to catch up with them as much as i
can and so now that there's so much more
information who else Oh follow jaani
jaani the law colleges to follow her
trying to decide okay how do I want to
start my lock set you know and right now
there are three key factors that I'm
using to start my next lock set I think
I want to start them via interlocking
because I could do that right away I
really benefit from like washing
consistently at least once a week is
kind of a must for me and so starting at
via comb coils is not really that good
of an idea and my first set was started
by cone quills and it took so long for
my ear lock a second method i am
considering is the amount of locks i
want to have when i commed out my
a set of locks I made a vow to myself
that I would not have my locks be if I
got locks again I would not have them be
any smaller than the size of like the
width of a pencil just because combing
them out was so tedious the smaller ones
are just like oh but you know I look at
someone like Joyce md um and there's
another I think it's locked crush I
think her name's a lot crush with all of
these locks on their head and I feel
like that fills out your hair a little
bit more you know so for now I'm
considering having anywhere from 250 to
300 locks so that way starting off with
that many so that way as I'm going along
on my journey if I want to combine a few
I can the third thing that I'm battling
or trying to figure out is parting and
how I want to go about it you know
there's like there's a plethora of
different parting options you can use
but right now I'm kind of debating
between just you know simple brick
square method thing you know nothing too
crazy thought of or the c-shaped part
I've been hearing a lot of that's like a
new buzz I'm hearing about the c-shaped
part those news report this news take
part so those are the three things that
i'm currently grappling with starting to
be interlocking having somewhere between
250 and 300 locks on my head and then
finally using maybe the c-shaped part in
the comments below let me know what you
think of this rundown considering if you
have followed me for a while let me know
what you think and also if you know of
any other lock youtube peeps that I
should know about let me know in the
comments below who they are tag them so
I can go check out their channels and I
will see you tomorrow
