all right Veda day one take one hello
everyone hi how are you hi hello hi oh
my gosh I can't believe I'm trying to do
this again hey everyone I am Holly's
this is Veda I did try to attempt to do
a beta a few years back but I did it in
August instead of April and I'm not
gonna link to that because I'm not the
Holly's from a few years ago I'm in a
higher place so there's that if you want
to go find him go find him the first day
you're supposed to just talk about
yourself write what you do who you are
you be with I'm a video producer and an
editor based here in Austin oh yeah I
got footage I can cut to while I'm
talking about this cut to the footage my
name is Elise I'm a video producer and
an editor based here in Austin that work
full-time for a production company and
then in my spare times when I got spare
times which sometimes is not very often
I make youtube videos for this little
hair channel and it's kind of ready to
say what this channel is about because
it's really just whatever is interesting
to me can range from vlogs to whatever
I'm working on to just hair stuff or you
know just whatever I really use this
channel to kind of catalog the things
that are going on in my life and it's
mostly for myself it's not really free
all y'all just get to tag along so yeah
that's pretty much in a nutshell what I
do I'm gonna try really hard to actually
do Veda for all of April
so you know follow me on like social
media and I felt so fake I'm not gonna
tell you how to do that so you know
stick around and let's see how far I get
with this Veda and yeah I'll see you
when I see you peep this little
animation thing that I'm working on
isn't this cute look at this thing yeah
I don't know just a thing it's the thing
I bought I'm playing with it so you know
whatever see you tomorrow I guess I'll
see you when I see you
