Clou app take 1 or take 2 now hi guys it
is me Holly's back with another video I
wanted to get on and talk to you all
about the clue
menstruation app you're someone to get
on was because we had such a great
dialogue when I did the review of the
lunette cup and there was such good
comments in the comment section xcb I
could see women beginning to build
conversations with each other learn new
ideas and whatnot so when I started
using this app and realized that I
really liked it as I thought to myself
man I should make a video about sex it's
pretty cool actually learned about this
app and a good friend of mine you know
we were talking girl stuff and I was
telling her how I was deciding to get
off birth control because it just wasn't
really working for me at the time and
how I was you know just curious to know
if she had any recommendations for a
good menstruation cycle app and she
mentioned this app and I love this app
it's so great umm first off it's not
pink
Jesus okay all the apps that you see
usually are so like pink and flowers and
rainbows and like it is just like dude
stop you know I mean if that floats your
boat then cool but for me personally
it's like I am NOT a fan of pink in
general and so it's just it's annoying
I like how clean and well-designed this
app looks I love the color scheme I love
everything just I am a very visual
person being a video producer and an
editor and so I really just love the
look of this app it has such a great
look the app is based out of Germany
from a German startup company when you
first open the app it's really simple
and intuitive
to begin it's going to ask you to join
you know to start an account which you
can opt out of if you're not comfortable
with clue the app and therefore the
company knowing your menstruation
information and the information you
store into the app will just be saved on
your phone the downside of that is if
you lose your phone you lose all your
information it will ask you a few simple
questions about your period how long how
long it will break do you have in
between periods so how many days in
between cycle starts and also a couple
of other varying questions just to get a
relatively simple predictive gage and
then from there the more information you
put into the app as your cycles are
going the more and more accurate the app
will become another thing that's really
cool about the app is it gives you a lot
of great reminders it lets you know hey
your fertile window is coming up and
you'll be fertile for X amount of days
so you know maybe be careful and don't
really have sex unprotected ly during
this time if you're not trying to have a
baby or on the flip side if you are
trying to get pregnant
get busy the app also lets you know hey
if PMS is a big issue for you it can let
you
hey you're about to be a little bit
ridiculous for the next few days just
let you know the app will also remind
you when you should take your birth
control whether you're using a pill or
some other kind of hormonal birth
control like a nuvaring for example the
other thing I really love about the app
is it's really informative as you're
scrolling through I mean I person when I
first got the app and even now I'll
still go through and read the
descriptions that they have to a lot of
different things they give you a lot of
great just women's health insight
knowledge that you should know and can
help really inform the way your body
works in the way your body functions in
the 3 to 4 months that I've had this app
I've already learned so much more about
my own body and I think that really ties
in how much I love the app because it's
making you as an individual more in
charge of your own health it has put me
more in tune with my body throughout the
menstruation cycle not just while I'm
actually bleeding but in-between for
example women usually fluctuate and wait
depending on where they are in their
hormone cycle as well as women tend to
crave certain foods we also tend to want
to party more for example or maybe be
more closed off and withdrawn and you
can put all of that stuff in the app and
all of that makes you more informed and
the app more informed about yourself it
makes you more in tune with not only
yourself physically but emotionally
because a lot of that is on top is tied
to our fertility so yeah that's my video
if you're interested in downloading the
KU app for Android or iOS I will link in
the description box for you to those two
neat thingamabobs and if you have tried
the app and like it let me know in the
comments below or if you've tried it in
and not your thing but you have another
app that you would recommend let me know
in the comments below so that way other
women can see as well I will see y'all
when I see y'all
you
