hey everyone it's me Holies I'm back
sorry it's been a while but there's a
new episode of sans glutens so head on
over to that channel and watch that
video if the spirit moves you no
pressure anyway hey how you doin hope
y'all were doing well so I have been
meditating on what to do next with my
hair as you all know i big chopped in
october check out the video of the
spirit moves you and um you know I don't
know if there's like the five stages of
a big chap or something but now in my
heart of hearts I'm considering starting
a second set of locks and it's
interesting because I had almost done
this like is almost happened actually
last August if you watch the first video
I did for a Bluetooth speaker company
your bluetooth headphones company
calling to the video and also the video
of me and mr. Hawley's going to Cancun
for our anniversary you'll see what I'm
talking about but I had started I had
this grand idea in
oh my gosh what if i take cipriana
Kwan's method and just like be adjacent
to that method a little bit like I'm
just super Yannick wanna chase it oh I'm
she's for just foresee and she's got
crazy awesome amount of hair on her head
and the way she maintains her hair is
loose two strand twists that's how she
maintains her hair she keeps it that way
it's like 150 of them are so she wears
her hair like that for about a month
straight and then she takes them down
washes her hair conditions and it puts
him back he didn't pick it so it's like
just constant protective styling um I
wanted to be like a Jason to that
because I can't go a month without
washing my hair because I'm very active
and then I just need to keep my dandruff
and check and all that kind of stuff so
I really couldn't go that long but I was
like so what if I'm adjacent and I just
like still wash my hair twist so
obviously it didn't I mean it worked but
like my hair started locking um to the
point where when I came back from Cancun
I actually really was kind of like well
I guess I have blocks now I don't know
but then a week later I changed my mind
again and combed them out but to that
regimens credit I did maintain a lot of
hair and
breakage or anything I mean I had to sit
there and pick stuff out but you know
what else anyway what at the point I'm
trying to say is I think finally going
through the big chop it's made me
realize how much I miss my locks and how
much I just missed that style so right
now my hair is about two inches long
which is on par because I cut my hair
about four months ago your hair supposed
to grow a half an inch a month so that's
on par with where it should be I would
like to start my locks if I do this I
reserve the right to change my mind
again but if I do start a new set of
blocks I would like to have around five
or six inches of hair so that way i can
start my locks with two strand twists
rather than coal coils my first set of
blocks for chrome coils and just the
research that I've done knowing my hair
the way I do now I would rather start
doing with twists I would also like to
have more locks goal is like main status
I would love just made you know anyway I
mean locks that's the point of locks
though is that you go into them with an
idea and then of course they do their
own thing and you learn to grow in your
patient and all of that kind of stuff so
that's ideally what I want but it could
easily not be that and I could still be
just as happy so yeah that's kind of
where I'm at right now with my hair is
I'm basically maintaining it to maybe
start locs meeting some of y'all been
with me since when I had locks on all of
you making videos so for some of y'all
y'all might be like yes police yes
some of y'all might be like no I don't
know um in the comments below let me
know which one you are if you're like
yes I remember yes or if you're like and
yeah I'll see you when I see you
you
