hey everyone it's me Holly's and happy
2016 so every time something happened to
me that I was happy about or I was
grateful for I would come home write it
down on the little piece of paper and
put the date on the back and put it in
my grateful jar and I did this
throughout the entire year so and so I
thought it would be cool to get on here
and relive the Year 2015 through my
grateful jar one thing about me and my
youtube channel is that I really do use
my youtube channel to catalog my life
and my experience there's a casual
product video and things like that I I
think I'm a little weird in the fact
that I go back and watch my own videos a
lot very much the type of person that
looks at the past as a way of seeing how
I can project towards my future februari
27th my job gave me the opportunity to
travel to arizona and i got to see the
Grand Canyon it almost looks like a
painting it's freaky I don't ever just
remember wanting to reach out and just
touch it as if it were painting March
fifteenth through the 21st I got to go
to Ireland with mr. Hawley's
jun 6 2015 and i don't have anything to
cut to you two for this but i got to
shoot and edit essentially co-produce a
video series for naturally curly and
shame oysters professional line but that
was my first time producing something
completely independently from start to
finish aside from the full time work
that I have with big picture lab July 14
I had dinner with Jules e in Dallas I
forgot about that August nineteenth went
to Miami yeah yeah August 27 through the
30th I went to Cancun with mr. Hawley's
not so much fun alright in october i got
to hang out with evelyn from the
internets for a month and shoot awesome
we basically produced a little travel
segment thing together and it turned out
really well I was really proud of those
videos and how they turned out finally
December second London so the theme for
2015 seemed to be travel travel travel
travel travel all over the place and I
really did get to see a lot this year's
so awesome and so there are a few things
that I would like to speak into the
ether like I said I'm not really big on
resolutions per se but there are some
things that I I just want to just speak
just speak it into the ether sometimes
if you just speak it out you know it
just happens more financial stability
please um this year I became a lot more
financially stable which really cool so
much so that it was like I could be a
bit bougie when I wanted to be and I
will say this i will say money does not
buy happiness it does not but man does
it make your life easier having the
financial stability that I've had in
2015 has made life a lot easier so I
would like to continue that trend must
speak that into the ether continue the
trend of financial stability one thing
that I would really love is for I would
really love to diversify my income
little bit more most of my income from
from my full comes from my full-time
work as a producer and I work with one
production company mainly I would love
it if almost half of my income came from
other things besides what I do full-time
the second thing I want to speak into
the ether which could probably tie into
the first and I just want to speak this
something that y'all as my subscribers
people who watch my videos have always
said is that you like my voice fun fact
about me i used to do voiceover work I
used to voice online driver safety
courses so people that are sight
impaired and can't read the text on the
screen to do their online driver safety
course of course is you could pay a
little extra and get a narrator going
through the whole thing and I would I
voiced those but I wanted to speak into
the ether now that I would love to do
more voiceover work but like a character
one of my dreams is to voice an extra on
Bob's Burgers I don't know if the
creator of Bob's Burgers is watching
this I would love to voice a character
on your shell or any other show you
might be working on you know so hit me
up Holly's beast calm go to the contact
button and I can just send me a message
and bloop I'll respond the third thing
that the third thing I would like to
project into the ether as y'all know I
am married to mr. Hawley's he's an
amazing man I love him dearly he is
finishing up his master's degree this
may
and so with that I would love for mr.
Hawley's to find enjoyment and pleasure
in his work as well as financial
stability in that and just like
happiness in the job that he does I
would love for that to happen for him
because he has been working so hard
these last two years on his master's
degree and as a wife I can say that wow
look at this man of mine Iijima caton
himself yes on Instagram Twitter
Facebook if you see a caption you see a
picture and you see any one of these two
hashtags in it you know it's me trying
to make 2016 be everything it needs to
be the two hashtags are going to be
hashtag get these coins get these coins
2016 you know i mean if i were to sum up
one of the major things my parents have
taught me in life into like a single
phrase it's don't get got those will be
the two hashtags that you will see me
using for the year 2016 don't get got
and get these coins in the comments
below let me know what your resolutions
are for this year while you are trying
to accomplish this year and what you
have accomplished in the year 2015 you
know it's great to be you know it's
great
think forward and before we're thinking
but you know like i said reflection is
such a big thing and you know what is
something that you've done where you're
just like wow i did that that was me I
did that what and I will see you when I
see you
