hey guys if you follow me on social
media than you know that I have spent
the last week and a half or so in London
it's been an amazing trip I was here for
work so I got to do some pretty cool
stuff while I was here and I of course
brought my camera to document what I
could I will admit I didn't shoot as
much as I usually do when traveling
because it was running gun for the
entire thing but I did manage to capture
a few things and so i'll have a few
videos coming out that are my london
adventures if you will so i'm here at
the natural history museum checking out
what's good
while we were there we also paid an
extra fee to experience their virtual
reality the virtual reality experience
uses Samsung devices they will be having
updated new episodes as the technology
gets better as well so we just finished
a virtual reality portion was pretty
cool I would highly recommend if you're
in London checking out because it was a
look around and stuff it's pretty neat
highly recommend seeing this play if you
haven't already I know there's a movie
out now starring Daniel Radcliffe and in
the next video you'll see what mr.
Hollis and I got to do once he came out
to Londinium can you join me
