hi everyone I wanted to get on with
another gadgets and gizmos a-plenty and
let you know about a monopod that I have
been using for a while I picked this up
mmm two months it's been months guys I
picked this up I want to say I pick this
up around June or July this summer
the thing with monopods I think you have
to remember is trying to find a monopod
that works well with whatever situation
you're in and trying to shoot I found
that traveling with this monopod the vo
vanguard monopod or a vanguard vio
monopod was really a lot better for me
traveling with this monopod because it
is significantly smaller than the
Manfrotto monopod that i own and it is a
lot lighter this is a lot lighter
monopod just like the Manfrotto it does
stand on its own and it can hold a
pretty good
of weeks one thing when you're
purchasing this monopod is that it
doesn't come with a head mount and you
also will probably need to buy the
adapters for the screw size as well if
you're going to put a different head on
this monopod but this monopod has
aluminum is made out of aluminum alloy
legs and comes with three flippable
compartments which make it very easy to
open and adjust as you see fit
there's how much it can packs to very
compact very light monopod I often take
this with me if I'm going on little day
trip adventures if I'm traveling for
work and I know I'm going to shoot some
behind-the-scenes type stuff I take this
monopod with me if I'm shooting things a
little bit more professionally I'll
often used in my Manfrotto monopod
instead and use this monopod to hold
whatever sound device I'm recording with
one thing I will say about monopod is in
general is that depending on what you're
trying to achieve that is going to
dictate whether a monopod is a good fit
for what you're doing or not the thing
about monopod is that you have to
remember is that it is one leg so you
know a lot of times if you're going to
do something where you're going to want
to track things and your shots later or
graphics or anything like that
you know I would recommend using a
tripod instead because you're going to
get more stability and your camera once
you set your sticks your camera is less
likely to move the thing about monopod
is while you can get them relatively
straight a lot of them do tend to have
just a slight little lean you know from
me making youtube videos a little behind
the scenes stuff shooting photography
things like that it doesn't really
bother me I can live with it you know
but if I was working on
you know professional paid gig depending
on the content of that gig probably
won't use my monopods to shoot it if
that makes sense all that being said
this monopod is really great it compacts
really well really easy to use and just
an all-around great buy this monopod
does not come with a head it only comes
with the body itself and this lovely
little strap and like keychain player
guy so you can you know hook it onto
things
if you Sophie if you so wish so to go
along with this monopod I went ahead and
purchased the bin ro s2 video head can't
remember how much I paid for it but I'm
sure I will throw in a graphic or right
here-ish about how much I paid for it
a fluid head so you know it has some
fluidity to it has movement it also lets
you turn 360 all that Jose it gives you
that range of motion that you're used to
with a
video head and it's also very compact
there's a very small video head so it's
really great for using with mirrorless
cameras which is what I use I use the
Sony nex-5 T mirrorless camera to shoot
my YouTube videos that is my a vanguard
vio monopod once again I really love
this monopod I use it a lot now almost
more than my Manfrotto now actually it's
a solid monopod worth the money that I
spent definitely something else I'd
definitely recommend to is that the
thing about this monopod compared to the
Manfrotto for example the Manfrotto
gives you a lot of range of motion with
the ball swivel on the bottom you know
which is a good thing and a bad thing
good in the sense that you have a lot of
range of motion you can you know do some
great crazy tilt spins whatever but to
make it stand still you have to make
sure you bring that ball bearing back to
the center and kind of test out test it
like is it centered is it safe and kind
of let it go and see so you have a
higher risk of your monopod falling over
with this with the vo Vanguard don't you
lose some of that range of motion but
one thing about this is that it always
comes back to equilibrium it's always
like its natural tendency is to give you
a resistance to do some movement some
tilt but always come back to the center
so keep that in mind once again it is
about what specifically are your needs
you know
when you're out and shooting to dictate
what kind of monopod you'll use so yeah
that's me the vo Vanguard monopod I hope
you enjoyed this video let me know in
the comments below if you already have
one or if you're thinking about
purchasing one and I will see you when I
see
