look look at this what what is this
alright guys so as you all know I mostly
do wash and gos but with my last few
videos I've been doing some protective
styling a bit nervous I've been doing
that and I mean my hair so I'm finally
getting back to doing the wash and gos
and my hair y'all is like it's grown out
a lot but you know you know it's growing
out like you know thrown out a lot but
because of that like I've lost my fro
shape if you watched my little series I
had on doing wash and gos and how I
started this whole wash and go thing
you'll notice that it had a lot more
just like curve you know somewhat the
middle section has a looser curl pattern
and then the bottom so even though the
bottom and the middle section are just
roughly the same length the middle
section was like I don't know I don't
know so I contacted Tiffany Nicole she's
based out of pflugerville I first met
her I met her while shooting for
naturally curly calms shea moisture
professional line little video mini
series I'll link to that somewhere in
the atmosphere if you want to see her in
action I met her through that shooting
that for naturally curly and so I'm
gonna head over to her salon in
Pflugerville to see if she can just kind
of like just help me just I just feel
like I look busted like realtalk
I just feel like I look so busted so
before I took off I wanted to go ahead
and blow out my hair so I went ahead and
separated my hair into six sections I'm
gonna use the thermal creations from
Tresemme it's got like 450 heat damaged
like that and the my honey child type 4
hair cream I got this Conair like
combing blow-dryer ringing my Bob I'll
put a link in the description box if you
are interested in using it I went ahead
and took down one of the braids and then
took a section of one of the braids and
separated the rest using a little ticket
go ahead and get yourselves water and
make sure your water bottle actually
sprays and then go ahead and like a
lightly mist your hair like I saw it
like two sprays and nothing too intense
y'all don't don't get crazy with the
water and then take your thermal
creations thing and spritz that on will
first make sure you unlock it cuz it's
got like a locking mechanism on them on
the doodad so get that going and then
like to spritz work that into your hair
like so and then like the tiniest of
dollops of it my honey child type 4 hair
cuz you really don't need a lot of that
guys really don't need a lot of it
start from the bottom or start from the
ends work your way up then you're gonna
try to comb your hair with the blow
dryer and you're gonna realize that's a
bad idea because you have intertangled
and you're gonna stop and you're gonna
detangle your hair that's a better I
think that's a better thing to do you
should you Kangol your hair first using
your wide tooth comb then you're gonna
get the blow-dryer and it's gonna
magically like work the way it's
supposed to see how great that is look
at that thing a beauty
whoa look at stretch look at that
stretch all right so now we're gonna do
the rest of my head
so here's the first half of my hair and
as you can see my ends are just so and
even like the trim is so necessary I'm
just so happy I'm going to get a trim
and now this is the other side fast
forward I did both sides yay I really
like using that blow dryer you really do
have to detangle a lot though just be
prepared for that if you decide to
purchase it and use it for yourself and
here's the finish close up after I kind
of fluffed my hair out like I said you
can see it's just really uneven like the
top is a lot longer than the bottom and
I just really want to get it
straightened out and like so that way
when I wear my wash and gos my hair sits
right so now I'm heading over to Tiffany
Cole and she is going to trim it the
first thing she did was just go through
and give my head a basic trick to get
rid of my split ends and she really
didn't actually take off that much
there's only like a quarter of an inch
or so hair was relatively healthy
I really recommend going to professional
because they can really just see things
that you can't see the next thing she
did was shape my hair to match at the
bottom my back grows slower than the
rest of my head so she shaped my hair to
where the back is the longest and then
trimmed upwards from the top to make my
hair just have that right kind of shape
that I wanted so since my top grows a
lot faster than my back I ended up
losing a lot off of my top like a good
three inches with this cut so here's the
finished look and as you can see now
make your hair even though it's shorter
it looks a lot fuller and it has more
volume to it you can see the top and the
middle section of my hair
at a decent length to where it gives me
that fullness back in that volume back
my hair is actually quite fine but I
have a lot of it so this really just
gives me that fullness that I wanted and
that shape that I wanted especially when
I do my washing up so I hope this helped
thanks for watching and I will see y'all
when I see y'all
