all right gadgets and gizmos a-plenty
battery charger take one everyone I just
want to get on with another gadgets and
gizmos aplenty this is the into circuit
battery charger portable travel battery
charger I have the 11 200 milliamp
version there is one that is bigger than
this that you can purchase but if you
really need that much battery juice whoo
you're interesting want to know what
you're doing this is a little portable
battery charger that you can use to
charge your cell phone iPad iPod and who
still has iPods camera batteries
batteries for lights you know you just
use it for whatever um I mostly use it
when i'm traveling for work or I'm going
to be on set for a long time where I
might not readily have outlets available
and it was actually my husband who
bought this for for the both of us but I
think Loki more for me for when I'm long
set because I used to be on sprint and
my phone would die so quickly because I
had horrible cell phone reception
wherever I was so he was like I need to
be in contact with you when you get it
it comes with the power pack a little
holding sexual thing and finally the USB
to charge it back as it loses its charge
but this thing works so great I recently
went to HP discover to shoot some stuff
with my full-time work via big picture
lab and I had this with me on the
showroom floor and it was really helpful
because you know we were on the show
room for four you know hours upon hours
upon hours and i'm also trying to you
know post things and communicate with
people and all of that and so it was
really good having this with me i just
kept it in my blazer pocket with my
phone charger and my phone charger cord
and charged my iphone as I
running around as I was shooting and it
was great i think the lowest I've ever
gotten it is like sixty percent if that
I've never completely drained this thing
when you turn it on and hold down the
power button and it illuminates with a
little blue LED backlight type thing to
let you know how much percent is left
and then also it comes with a little
flashlight too if you double tap on the
power button it creates a little
flashlight and then to turn it off you
just tap once this little guy is pretty
affordable especially I think for what
you're getting like I said he holds a
lot of charge you can get him from
amazon prime for 2399 and i think even
if you're not a prime member and pretty
sure that's still the set price you just
won't get it in two days two USB ports
to plug in for your out one of them is
or they're both five volts but one is
2.8 2.1 amps and the other is one amp so
you know that's also an issue too I
guess I haven't really noticed a
difference between using either or if
you're interested in this device the
link to purchase it will be in the
comments below and I will see y'all when
I CL
