what do we want to call this feat a
product halt take one hey everyone how
are y'all doing um I just wanted to get
on real quick and talk to you all about
a few products that I have been trying
on and off over the last couple of
months I received them free from
naturally curly dad cam as you all know
I am mostly just do like wash and gos
and I usually just use the
terressentials mudwash
I'll link to that video somewhere and
but it's always good to see what's out
there you know it's always good to see
what other products you can try did you
never know you might find something that
just works really well for you plus you
get stuff for free hey you can't be for
you guys you can't be free the product
is the Carol's Carol's Daughter
Mirabelle plum healthy growth and max
hydration product but they're super
blown out so I'll do some like pretty
close-ups of them all for you to see
because they're super blown out right
now because I balanced for me and not
the bottle let's talk about the shampoo
smells amazing some some hot drinks and
like hydrangeas mmm like roses the Rose
you know some poignant pungent rose
water
blathers really well really you like
easy to lather this condition or no this
shampoo a little stripping I will say it
does feel like it kind of just like
strip your hair a tad it's but it's cool
you know it's good I mean I liked it I
don't know conditioner and the
conditioner
got hair on it hold on the conditioner
this stuff really good the smell once
again they all smell very similar this
is a really good detangling conditioner
if you're the type of person that
conditions first and like detangles then
gets in the shower and shampoos and then
conditions again this is a good can
detangling conditioner it moisturize to
Lily look really well you know it was I
mean it's good it's good conditioner and
then finally they have the leave-in
biotin conditioner it's very liquidy
like super super duper it's almost like
water with stuff in it this product so
for me my hair has low porosity so it
takes a while for things to penetrate
into my hair which is why I have to
stand under the shower for a long time
when I'm just getting my hair wet
because it just it just takes a while so
for me this was my least favorite
product because it's sat on my hair that
that made this one kind of like for me
overall at this entire line I think it's
a good line and the fact that it has
it's like enriched with biotin is really
cool so if you're the type of person
that doesn't like taking more pills but
you're trying to see you know improved
hair growth over time this could be a
great line for you there is a lot of one
thing about this hair line or this line
is that I think it has a lot of protein
as well and for me that's kind of a
deal-breaker because I just I you know I
used this product for about a month
straight and my hair just felt like
straw it's just too much protein I think
for me specifically so you know this is
the type of line where I would maybe use
it once a month you know overall know
like one out of ten you know for see
here 4c puffs I give it like
seven puffs you know I don't know what
to breathe this stuff
I don't do reviews you know I'm just
doing it cuz like I got this stuff and I
want to push content so I'm just talking
about stuff take to the second grouping
of products that I tried were by Shea
Moisture so I tried their strengthen and
grow restore shampoo with shea butter
and apple cider vinegar it's this guy
I'll do a close-up it's probably
happening right now
and then the other thing that I was
given by Shane by naturally curly was
the super fruit complex ten-in-one
renewal system conditioner and it has
marula oil and biotin so the shampoo
actually really liked this shampoo
it's got jamaican black castor oil in it
shea butter apple cider vinegar i mean
you know how she moisture do they be you
know just packing all sorts of moisture
stuff see stuffs in there stuff she
stuffs it lathers relatively well I
think for me the thing that really
surprised me about this shampoo was that
it didn't shrimp my hair like at all
which was really surprising because
usually most shampoos strip and this
cleaned my hair and it felt like it just
the stripping wasn't so intense which
was really great I could see why a lot
of people really liked that shampoo um
the smell nothing to write home about to
me it smells like lightly scented
play-doh you know and I'm sure that's
just because you know there's castor oil
in it which castor oil doesn't usually
have that great of a smell to it
apple cider vinegar like there's not
many things in here that I think
generally speaking smell good this type
of stuff you're gonna follow it up with
a conditioner anyway so I don't really
care if my shampoo doesn't smell like
the bomb.com you know overall solid
products like I mean Bechet militia
moisture like
do you know you know what you're doing
the second product the conditioner the
ten-in-one renewal system conditioner
really liked this product it smells I
mean it's no hmm I don't know how to
describe it
it smells like good job just smells good
I don't know I mean very it's floral e
fragrant yeah it's floral e fragrant
with like a hint of vanilla maybe floral
floral floral fragrant with some like
vanilla tone you know my hair smelling
like this the entire time in between
washes so I John know I usually wash my
hair two to three times a week depending
on how active I am and so I would use
the shampoo follow up with this
conditioner and wouldn't wash my hair
again for another maybe two days and
it's still like I would reach down still
smelled like this this conditioner so
really good mr. Hollies liked it too
while I was using this he did comment
like you know you're laying on my hairy
smell good between this conditioner and
the Mirabelle plum conditioner I think
the Mirabelle plums a better detangler
for sure but this is moisturize as well
very well the products that I will keep
from all of this these years the
Jamaican black castor oil
I can see mice I have been using this
when I forget to order my terressentials
mudwash in time and I run out this is
what I reach for to clean my hair and
condition I follow up with this if you
have any products that just rock your
world that you think I should know about
let me know in the comments below and
maybe I will try them I'll see you when
I see
