hey everybody I wanted to get on really
quick and talk to you about some new
tech swag I got over the weekend I found
this backpack from think tank it is
their urban approach mirrorless camera
bag say that way again
urban approach a mirrorless camera back
number 15
I'm assuming that these come in
different sizes probably and this is the
15th I shoot most of my youtube videos
and vlogs that I do on a Sony mirrorless
camera I use this Sony nex-5 T it has
since been revamped some you know crazy
awesome different name the main reason I
went to this camera is because it's so
much smaller compact that still gives me
great picture quality and travels light
that is the big thing for me as a video
person I love traveling light I don't
really want to appear like I have
a whole bunch of stuff with me
especially when I'm flying so to start
off minimalist design for sure not too
much going on here
pretty calm lacks bag the front pocket I
would say is about three to four inches
yeah it's like that for about four
inches deep and pretty shallow so you
know maybe you put a passport in here
your cell phone it's something like that
something that you might need quickly on
the side you have a nice mesh pocket
that you can maybe put a water bottle in
you also have these straps that you can
hook extra carrying cases and bags to if
need be a lot of people do that they'll
loop them in through here going to the
back the awesome thing about this bag is
that it keeps a little profile but
usually there's a trade-off the smaller
bag like these
it'll only maybe hold a 13-point
whatever inch laptop or it'll maybe only
hold an iPad this bag holds both so you
can fit a laptop and a tablet in this
sleeve which is super awesome for me
because when traveling you know when
you're going through security you know
you end up needing to take out your
laptop and your tablet and to just have
only one section to have to deal with to
take that out is great now moving to the
side this bag comes with a tripod area
and strap this strap comes with your bag
to help you secure any tripod or a
monopod you want to your backpack if
you're using a tripod you'll put two of
the legs into this hook or one depending
on how thick your tripod sticks are and
then
use this to velcro to the side and
secure the head to the bag and this is
adjustable it tightens and loosens
depending on the thickness and the
density of your tripod or monopod
I personally travel with monopods
because they just like them better than
tripods but yeah my monopod works great
in this as well moving on to the inside
of bag lots of storage like nothing but
storage here it's really awesome
it comes with many different pockets I
put a variety of gear in here I'll put
my recording device I'll put my Sony
action cam in here all of the batteries
I need my media storage hard drives you
can carry up to five lenses in here I
mean you can carry it in as many lenses
as you want but there's endless
possibilities here completely
customizable moveable to whatever shape
and size you want also on the inside is
the water cover for when it rains you
can cover your bag and keep all of your
equipment nice and dry and on the wall
flaps you have more storage in these two
mesh pockets in the front
so all-in-all a very solid bag and I
have really enjoyed using this bag over
the weekend so far finally on the back
you have really nice comfortable straps
with mesh
and also for when you're traveling you
can open the section and your bag will
fit over your rolling bag so once again
easy movement easy access just
all-around comfortable bag for you and
your gear so this is the think tank
urban approach mirrorless camera bag I
really enjoy this bag good job think
tank this bag I believe retails for one
hundred and seventy dollars the camera
store I bought mine was having a sale
that day so I got it
fifteen percent off so ended up coming
out to around 140 ish I think which is
pretty good considering so to get one
under $200 that I really like and I
can't see myself buying another camera
bag for quite some time because this one
really does meet all of my needs very
well so yeah I just wanted to get on and
show this bag to y'all and how much I'm
loving it and thank you think tank if
you have a camera bag that just rocks
your world and does everything you need
to do and more let me know what it is in
the comments below and where you
purchased it and why
and yeah I'll see you all when I see you
