so a few things that I think you should
consider when going to Ireland tea a lot
of tea have it for breakfast they do
drive on the left side of the road there
which is something you should remember
if you are going to do this tour you
will have to drive yourself there is no
protected left turns a lot of
roundabouts they have a lot of them you
can pass people even in on the highway
and it's like you can pass people like
coming into oncoming traffic pass people
which is kind of weird pubs have good
food I think here in America when we
have bars and whatnot it tends to be a
lot of like finger food you know like
nachos things that aren't really that
good for you to go along with your beer
pubs will actually have like a full
kitchen and can serve you food they will
have their own menu on the flip side of
that when you're being served don't feel
like your waiter is ignoring you just
because they don't seem to like be
attentive to you the pacing there is
just so much slower life is just a lot
more relaxed especially in the rural
areas and slower so you know you go sit
down they ask you what you want to drink
you tell them they bring it out they
might not come back to you for another
10 minutes because they're letting you
chat they're letting you you know have
your drinks
look over the menu you know take your
time you know so very slow for I for the
Irish people having a meal is a long
enjoyable thing also in Europe in
general your credit card their credit
cards have chips on them America is like
one of the few industrialized first
world countries that don't do this and
it's just another added protective
feature so people can't steal your card
so there you just slip your card into a
little slot and it just gets read that
quickly they still do have the swipers
but a lot of places might not actually
know how to do it because they haven't
had to swipe cards
while they look at our credit card and
be like oh why isn't the chip where and
we'd have to be they know you swipe it
and then there can't be this face like
that's what that thing's for right and
to that point when you're at a
restaurant eating and they do and you do
use your card to pay usually in America
will take the credit the waiter will
take the credit card go off somewhere in
Ireland they they see that you're going
to pay with a card and they bring the
Swiper over swipe the card in front of
you print all the receipts out in front
of you have you sign it in front of them
and that's how they do it
bathrooms and restrooms aren't called
that say where's the toilet I need to
use the toilet do you have a toilet
because a restroom - and correct me if
I'm wrong but what I've understood is
that a restroom is a place that has a
shower a bath a toilet a sink so if you
are at some kind of store and you say oh
do you have a restroom they're going to
be like no Ireland doesn't have postal
codes which makes it difficult to get
around
so one thing that was really hard for us
getting around Ireland was that a lot of
little towns in little cities uhm don't
really have street signs anywhere what
we ended up doing was using a
combination of the GPS that we purchased
from dan Dooley the rental car it's
extra at an extra $10 a day and also my
husband ended up going to Vodafone which
is like I guess
Ireland's version of I would say like
cricket you know and we ended up buying
sort of an older Sony smartphone that
has 4G LTE and I think even 5g and we
use that for Google Maps to get around
so for example when we were getting to
Cobra Castle we didn't have our Google
phone yet and so we called cover cover
and we're like where are you
and they basically said well get to
Kings Court which is the closest city
and go down Main Street and then you'll
just see a sign and just follow that any
and and that's kind of everyone kind of
knows where everything is already um
living in the country and they don't
really use streets so when we talk to
the concierge at Copper Castle she
mentioned you know figure out where
you're trying to go figure out the
closest town to where you're trying to
go and every town usually has either a
Main Street or a church street and so if
you can put that into your GPS that
town's Main Street or Church Street then
you can call wherever you're trying to
get to and say I'm on Main Street in
front of whatever how do I get to you
from here and then they'll give you turn
left at the toy store you know that sort
of thing and that's how everyone gets
around so if you're very anal about like
knowing exactly where you are and the
idea of being a wee bit lost frightens
you I suggest making sure to get a phone
with Google Maps as soon as you land in
Dublin Ireland itself is just so green
so beautiful and the people are very
friendly something that I noticed there
is and it's something that I find a lot
of african-americans here tend to do is
that people speak to you so you know
there's this old adage with black people
that you know you walk into a room you
address people you speak you say good
morning you say good afternoon you say
hello that's like proper and good
manners and all that it Ireland they do
that to you if you're walking down the
street and someone kind of like makes
eye contact with you you should
acknowledge them and address them and
they will do the same back to you if you
don't it's kind of weird and there's
like this awkward moment um and I
quickly picked up on that which was
really cool so I hope you enjoyed this
video let me know what you think in the
comments below let me know what you
think if have you ever been to Ireland
if you have let me know what your trip
was ly
and if you would go back and I will see
you when I see you
