okeydoke and one alright guys so he was
a bad start and that's bad start let's
try that again hey so i'm back with an
update to the castor-oil challenge and
last video updating you on how the
challenge was going for me I don't like
the camera angle I've got going right
now I just want to soccer right there
right there ich will keep it there for
now yes yes ok sorry what up so I am
back with another update to the jamaican
black castor oil challenge that i am
currently participating in by myself /
through the kinky curly coily me calm
website um it's going pretty well it's
going pretty well you'll remember that
on the last video I kept saying things
like I'm going to do protective styles
and you will notice that today I do not
have a protective style and I have a
wash and go with a little side puff
thing going on I have a little pump in
the front and then I just have pens I've
hair pins just pinning it all to the
side
yeah I did the protective style thing
for like two three weeks three weeks not
even like no I'm too much for giving
myself too much credit I did it for two
weeks and then I was back to doing
washing us so yeah I know a big part of
doing this jamaican black castor oil
challenge just to like force you i think
to get into a regimen like a consistent
regimen we're doing the same things to
your hair consistently um it's not
working that part of the challenge is
not working for me I'm gonna be frank
which all I just like doing too much
stuff to my head so yeah and I'm not one
of those people that can go you know two
weeks without washing their hair like I
wash my hair at least once a week I
don't know I don't know that's neither
here nor there point of this story is I
was supposed to do protective styles I
told y'all I would and then I didn't so
here we are this is the world we're
living in now this is our reality police
says she does she's going to do
something and then she doesn't that is
the reality we're in right now so yeah I
still have a little bit of it left I
mean I'm really using it it's almost
gone you remember that first month was
trial and error so i used a lot of it
just because of that but now i'm
consistently using it and here we go see
how much I have left there's the line
right there this is the whole bottle
that's the line so um I think this will
definitely be almost gone by December
this is the fastest I've ever gone
through a bottle of castor oil that's
for sure and now that I've learned how
to incorporate it into my routine I
think I'll keep using it because you
know like why not I have to because I'm
back to doing wash and gos more or less
guys um now that I'm back to doing wash
and gos more or less um I do use the
castor oil to seal my wash and gos do
like a little oil rinse
instead of just putting it directly onto
my hair because it is such a heavy oil i
dilute it in grape seed oil which is a
very light and movable oil so I'm
getting the benefits of the castor oil
but it's not so heavy on my hair and
that's something that I think a lot of
people forget you can do my casserole is
very old castor oil in general to even
the refined clear castor oil is still
very thick um dilute it in a carrier oil
that's lighter like grape seed oil or
apricot oil is another good one that
one's pretty light too so yeah um that
is what I'm doing guys that is what my
life is about it now that it's starting
to get chilly I am only doing wash and
gos like every other day or every two or
three days I'll get my hair wet again so
and now I'm defusing with a hair dryer
so I don't go outside with just wet hair
so yeah so if y'all are still doing it
let me know how it's going if you have
any tips for me if you're mad at me for
not doing protective styles like i said
i would let me know in the comments
below and I will see y'all in a little
bit and we can do a length check again
to see how far how much my hair did or
did not grow because of the castro oil /
biotin regimen that i have been on for
the past three months so see you laters
you want to see you bye bye
you
