space furs were champions are so happy
so happy about that so happy about it um
I was actually in Laredo during the game
which was kind of weird cuz they
actually turned up out down there Lorado
to when the spurs won so that was cool
anyways that's not why I'm here I'm not
here to talk about how awesome Kawhi
Leonard is it's not what I'm here to
talk about here to talk to you about a
video about what am I talking about my
favorite products my favorite product
there's actually only one product that I
always come back to you that I always
reference that I always just have in my
bathroom in case of emergency break
glass use this product that one product
is Shea Moisture restorative conditioner
i discovered this product back when I
had locks around I want to say like 20
10 ish somewhere around there and I
bought it on a whim I went to target for
no good reason because I was still
trying to find some staple products for
my locks that were light and you know
not too crazy and stuff and I just
stumbled upon this and I was like shea
moisture and that was like the end of it
I bought this but even back then it was
still ten dollars and it's still ten
dollars now per bottle and I fell in
love with it and this is the thing that
I've always come back to this is the
product that I've always kept in my
bathroom in some way shape or form um I
just love this I love this product and I
love this product line the Shea Moisture
restorative line so it's like shea
moisture has a whole bunch of different
little mini lines and this one is like
the orange color one I like everything
in this like they have an elixir like a
liquid
oil elixir spray I used to use that on
my locks and loved it the conditioner
and the shampoo they have a restorative
shampoo as well I love the smell the
smell is always kind of like sort of
just kind of a more earthy you know
smell that's more I think light on the
fragrance it's not very floral but it's
just like I don't know what it is it's
like I call it like a frankincense and
myrrh kind of smell you know I don't
know what it is though I don't even
think they really put it in the
ingredients or anything that might be it
Japanese honeysuckle flower extract that
might be the smell I'm smelling this is
my one thing shampoos come and go but
conditioners are forever another product
that i've actually been trying that i
want to just give like a quick shout out
to and then i'll do a more in-depth
review on it after after i try it for a
little bit longer I just want to let you
all know that this product is currently
on my radar is the detangler so they
have an extra moisture detangler i
discovered this while i was in san
antonio for my sister's wedding my
sister got married yeah so my sister got
married in San Antonio and I was down
there for that weekend helping her with
the wedding and all that stuff and then
I was like hold up i'm running out of
conditioner so when I went into CVS to
buy this I saw this there and I was like
okay this is what I've been using for
the past two weeks now as basically a
detangler and leavin so if you are still
with me you know about my wash and go
routines that I've been doing um I will
use this as my conditioner and then I'll
rinse it out and then I'll follow it up
with this and I'll actually use this to
detangle and I'll leave this in yeah you
can leave this in
and so this is what I've been using for
the past two weeks now and so far so
good i actually really like this product
i want to keep using it in a couple of
different ways before i do like a more
extensive review on it but i just wanna
let John know that also this shea
moisture product is becoming one of my
everyday all the time this will always
be somewhere close and dear to me
products and so yeah I just wanted to go
in here real quick and talk to you about
that and hopefully I'll be back with
another video very soon so why
