hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always
coming at you with morning Krusty's
coming at you as I am if you will today
we are vlogging because I haven't
vlogged in a while and you know I like
vlogging it's fun it's a good thing to
do so we're gonna vlog because I turned
28 this week and I feel like there's a
few tips there's some knowledge that I
can part on y'all about turning 28 you
know and things like such as and almost
more importantly I got a DJI Ronin s and
I want to try it out and take y'all
along for the ride see what cool shots I
can maybe get mr. Hollis may or may not
help we'll see how this day goes it's a
vlog anything's possible
first things first so let's go for a run
after giving mr. Hollis a five-minute
crash course in how to use a ronin
here's what we could get at the park I
know this is gonna sound cliche but my
first thing I've learned from turning 28
is to take care of yourself exercise
drink water stay moisturized and in your
lane seek out therapy all the self-care
things last year I ran a half a marathon
this year I can barely run two miles
without feeling winded which leads me to
the next thing
life isn't linear respect the process
there's one more shot I want to try to
get using the Ronin because like the
park opens up to this big area and I
want and it's like a little board or
whatever and I want to try to like get
an awesome me running but like you see
the out miss prettiness you can do it
mr. hallease I know you can't I've said
this before in videos but it bears
repeating the blood of the Covenant is
thicker than the water of the wound
invest in the people that show up for
you mr. hallease has no desire to be a
camera man but here is taking direction
and working the Ronin which leads me to
my next point actually love is a verb
without action it's just a word people
say also you have to give love in return
what am i doing
assuming I'm in frame
I am vlogging with the Ronin right now
my face is just my face well this isn't
the right lens to vlog with but I'm here
yeah yeah vlogging with this this is way
too heavy but I could do it if I tried
if I had the smaller lens this wouldn't
be so bad the guns going seriously whoo
that's hard okay the biggest thing I've
learned freelancing so far is there are
a lot of ways you can be compensated
without getting paid maybe they're
offering you access access to future
contacts or to equipment you don't have
resources to help you grow or maybe
they're just offering their time in
exchange for yours I've been given a lot
of access lately that at the time was
difficult but later led to new business
take this Ronin s I purchased it because
I knew it would be beneficial to a shoot
I couldn't rent it anywhere it was on
backorder with DJ I and Amazon I ended
up purchasing it from Best Buy
on my store card I walked in and ordered
it on a Monday and they shipped it free
to store at that Friday now I'm ready
for this shoot and I've been granted
access to the tool needed to be an asset
for them which leads me to my next point
it's about service with freelancing I
try to have service be the driving force
for everything how can I service this
person or entity with my cinematography
editing and storytelling skills when I
think about things that way about how I
can benefit others with what I'm capable
of doing things kind of work out
okay so we're gonna have to suspend
ronin activities for now because I have
a belated birthday dinner that I need to
get to but hopefully after that we can
get back to some some fun Roman stuff
so we had dinner it was lovely and now
back to Roman stuff we were going to
attempt key word being attempt to find
somewhere to shoot some more cool stuff
hopefully before the Sun Goes Down this
may not go well but it's worth a try
we ended up stopping by the San Pedro
Creek downtown off to try to get some
cool waterfall shots and I must say they
aren't half bad of course I got mr.
Holly used to walk around so I could do
some foreground/background shots before
we called it quits
I'm 28 now and those are my major
takeaways from this chaotic good life on
living also speaking of chaotic next
week there probably won't be videos
because I need to focus on wrapping up
my creators for Change project and the
gig I bought this Ronan for so unless
you're part of the patreon production
team I'll see you when I see you
