hey guys so it has been roughly in one
year you're in some change since I
combed out my locs and went to loose
natural for all of you and I've learned
quite a bit and I want to make this
quick video oh it's not fashion sacred I
want to make this video to talk about
the things that I've learned one year
and some change
post block and just kind of let y'all
know how I'm feeling about it you know
so let's let's do it
post locs how do I feel about it I think
were you good about it I feel pretty
good about it the main reason why I
combed out my locs was once again I was
going through this phase in my life
where I just felt like it's time to
change you know this this journey is
over and I need to start a new one I was
just really interested in seeing what my
natural texture was because I really
didn't know I had gone straight from
transitioning styles into locs and I
felt like knowing really truly what my
hair texture was would help me if I
decided to go back to locs maintain them
better and care for my hair better and
have better hair health overall blah
blahblah yadda-yadda
lessons learned in this first year of
being natural I have learned quite a bit
and not only my own hair but just
navigating the hair natural hair world
as it is I feel like now especially
compared to even like two years ago you
know the natural hair community has
really expanded so much and there's so
much help you can find there's so many
people that are self publishing books
now and there's so many people that are
have amazing blogs about it I'm using
vlogs hair tutorials now it's really
awesome and you it's really like a
deluge of information and it's pretty
cool which can help but can also kind of
hinder you as well so for me I kind of
realized relatively early on that
was if we're going to put a hair typing
system to it I was somewhere around 4b
4c where I had sections of my hair that
had to find very tight s curl patterns
but some of like the back of my hair
didn't and like the front didn't so i
categorized myself as 4b 4c and started
looking for websites and tutorials and
haircare routines and regimens that
catered to that a big lesson that I
learned was just because you find
someone that has a similar texture hair
to you that doesn't mean that their
regimen is necessarily going to work for
you I think that's a good place to start
finding people that have similar hair
texture to yours but you should take I
feel like you should take everything
that you learn about natural hair in
general with a grain of salt for example
one thing I thought that would really
work for me was the whole idea of using
heavy creams to seal in moisture on my
hair because it's 4b 4c and you know the
status quo is that usually that hair
type doesn't hold moisture very well and
so on and so forth and so that's what I
did and I began to realize that that
wasn't helping my hair at all and it
really actually the real reason that my
hair felt dry wasn't necessarily because
it wasn't moisturizing it correctly it
was more because my scalp was just dry I
would moisturize my hair and the next
day my hair felt great but the first
inch or so I felt really dry and so I
realized wow I need to go back to old
school days of moisturizing my scalp
with some type of oil and water right
and now my hair stays moisturized like
an extra three days it's crazy I learned
don't assume you know the porosity of
your hair do the tests on your hair if
the water actually kind of sat on top of
it I really had to rub it in to get it
to go in and that was when I realized
let me do a porosity test like realtalk
you know let's just do a test and when I
did I realized oh my gosh my hair
porosity is relatively low too
normal somewhere in there so which is
another which takes him back to why I
realized I didn't need to use heavy
creams and butters to moisturize my hair
I realized pretty early on that whether
my hair was dry whether it was wet
weather had a conditioner in it whether
I didn't that having a comb was not
going to help no matter how far apart
the you know the little teeth are
anything combs are not for me man if I
am but if I am in that length retention
trying to get there trying to get that
shoulder bra strap length going combs
are not for me and I'm okay with that
every now and then I'll try a comb just
to make sure and I'm I'm horribly
disappointed another thing I learned
I am scissor happy one thing that I've
learned one year post locs is that I
trim my hair way too much so much so
that in this first year it probably only
grew I mean it grew a lot but I only
really retained probably about two
inches or so from this first year of not
having my locs anymore just because I
think I didn't really understand what
split ends looked like and so on and so
forth so I trimmed in this one first
year of having of not having locs I
trimmed my hair about six times seven
times alot natural remedies for dandruff
and shampoo don't work long-term for me
I tried tea tree oil I tried apple cider
vinegar I tried baking soda for a little
while I tried dr. Bronner's magic soap
for a little while I tried all sorts of
different you know relatively relatively
natural remedies right and I have found
that the only thing that really works
and keeps the dandruff in check man is
good old head and shoulders so that's my
other thing that I would like to
recommend to people you know being
natural is great and trying to solve
whatever problems you have with
kind of this whole I guess I don't know
what if we call holistic remedies is
good I think that's definitely worth
trying before you go to something more
medicated but if the holistic remedies
where the natural remedies aren't
working go to something more medicated
you know like don't feel like you are
betraying the natural hair community
because of something and my final thing
that I've learned the final thing that
and I have like taken away from with
being natural is pH balance cannot
stress that enough the thing that I
figured out that really kept my hair
moisturized longer was finding products
that were or creating products that were
a pH balanced oh yeah
so one year post locs aunt what are you
offering do y'all think I am doing a
decent job of being post locked or are
you like you're horribly ugly now
without your locs and why are you even
talking to us now we have forsaken you
let me know send me a message just leave
a comment positive or negative I don't
care I will see them all see you around
life happy happy turkey day it's coming
out and yeah peace and love
