super late I'm sorry I went and had an
amazing dinner with my friends a belated
birthday gift we went to Gucci co which
is a really great sushi restaurant here
in Austin um it's really awesome I got a
gift card there from my boss and so I
took me in some friends mine we all went
and just picked out and it was amazing
and we loved it was just like I was
delicious so I just got back and it's
already like 1130 oh this is kind of
just a poopy video I'm sorry um I
wouldn't have great sushi today that's
what I did I don't even know and I have
a cute outfit on I have a cute outfit
try that got like my her this is day two
coconut co-wash ended up you know kind
of just pinned it like so i think the
profile is better than the front feel
like the front scan line and the
profiles where's that check that profile
you know I don't know oh I try some
cheap bearings i got j crew shirt with j
crew shorts that's my outfit night
