hey everyone it's me hallease and I
think it's just like a mr. ha least
weekend with the videos and I'm mister
always see ya
hey everyone it's me hallease
and i'm mr. hallease now use the first
one - I will and I'm mr. Hafiz um
and so yeah we are getting back on to
talk to y'all just about everything
that's been going on with the house and
just just where we're at mentally
spiritually mmm so at this point we have
been displaced from the house for seven
whole months you just knew those seven
months I feel it in my heart my heart of
hearts in the pain yeah the legal system
is meant to be slow and tedious and
frustrating so you know just know that
that is still going on in the background
we live with my parents right now my
childhood home in my childhood room on
the positive 1 positive here I have been
delightfully surprised at how easy it is
to stay with my parents more or less
it's obviously frustrating I want to
stay there as long you know any longer
than I absolutely have we don't want to
live there forever no but I do
appreciate that we can coexist pretty
well it's like the tribe mentality
yeah well the relationship is very much
adults so there's more adults sharing
this house two of them technically are
the parents of you so at times they they
act accordingly a very parental way but
it's it's still lovable and it's still
workable and it's less condescending
yeah definitely I appreciate that
they don't infantilized me very much to
fantasize and fantasize infanticide is
when you kill babies oh I appreciate
that they don't infantis sighs I said it
I don't know if that's the right word
anyway that they don't they don't treat
me like child there you go
they treat me like an adult woman like a
married adult woman yep which is great
thanks mom and dad and and I appreciate
that again we have the resource them as
a resource which is really nice yeah
support your support is a bless
not truly but I will say that I
personally and let me know how you feel
I feel like I have lost all hope in this
situation that it'll ever truly be
resolved and I feel like even after it's
resolved I will still feel the burden of
what the situation like led to long
after it's resolved I think my anger
stems from and this is a lot of this cut
is coming from a lot of reflection I
think my anger is stemming from my
inability to do anything so I feel I
feel emasculated I feel like I can't do
anything to improve our our situation
and then on top of that I am living with
somebody else's parents so I go out and
bust my butt to work and provide for our
unit yeah and I don't really see the
benefits of that it just feels like oh
yeah you know he's just a millennial
that's living at home and can't get
stuff done in his own so that's that's
frustrating I think the other thing
that's frustrating too about the home is
that we still have to like we're still
paying the mortgage on it I think I
would it would not bother me nearly as
much if I didn't have to see the
mortgage come out before I count every
month for that house that we cannot live
in like that's just so fresh like talk
about throwing away money every month
it's so frustrating the other thing is
that we still like have to maintain it
kinda right more or less which is also
very frustrating because again it's like
we have the burdens of home ownership
without the benefits of home ownership
so it's very like it's very
disheartening in that way when people
tell you to be strong and they say you
know it's going to end you don't know
that well so right so in its don't say
that and it's very it's very hard to
accept it
yeah because when you're going through
it when you're going through the pain
it's hard to see that there's going to
be an end to it
again we are not comparing our situation
with other terrible situations that are
going on in the world and so what draws
what can we draw from for strength and
we have turned around and kind of Reis
elyda fight our religious beliefs try to
have faith it's it's hard to really pray
for an end to it because I personally
don't know if I as this little peon this
thing that means nothing in the grand
scheme of things can ask the Almighty
for help when I pray I hardly ever ask
for specificity in things because that
seems pointless like who am I to be like
I want this job or God give me that
raise you know what I mean when it's
like it's literally bigger than you I
try to take the job mindset of it's
literally incomprehensible to you what I
am capable I being the Almighty and
capable of doing or am doing currently
in your life right so what I usually
pray for in general is to have the
discernment to see what God is trying to
have me do to have the wisdom to make
the right decisions based on what God is
throwing into my life and like that's
kind of it I mean I asked mostly for
strength and just afforded to to try to
do his work and the things that he would
like us to do I don't feel like I can
ask God to do like a deus ex machina
like the hand of God and come in
intervene right yeah not because I don't
believe in it but I I don't know I I
don't think that there's a lack of
respect for that in my in my mind again
to what you're what you're saying it's
like it's like a rock asking to be a
mountain mm-hmm it's like but and then
it gets upset that it's not a mountain
it's like well if you take perspective
into account the ant thinks you're a
mountain
who are you to say that you need to be a
mountain that's yeah exactly so we we
understand the situation that we're in
it's unfortunate there is no blame in
God because similar to Joe who are you
to say what should or should not be
happening in your own life anyway right
so sit down
be humble sit down the reason I why I
kind of wanted to make this update video
as well as because I was watching mays
lee's video I'll link to it in the Eye
of Sauron
um but yeah they were talking about this
idea of faith because they've been
moving they've been in the process of or
were in the process of moving to LA and
they were talking about just like the
level of faith they have in their
decision of where they'll live there and
it just got me thinking about our
situation too because she talks about
how she needs to have a certain level of
faith that God is going to just like
provide them with the issue the tools
that they need to succeed and have sort
of yeah just a bigger faith around that
and so she uses that it that Bible story
about the woman just wanting to touch
the hem of Jesus garment and having
enough having enough faith in what Jesus
could do that she didn't even need to
like talk to him worse like really much
see him really just touch you just
needed touch him and she's good
whereas the man he was like no I need
you Jesus to come to my house and touch
my child like I can't just take it at
face value that you're going to heal her
I need you to come and do that and so
for me I definitely can acknowledge in
myself that I have that man's level of
faith in the situation of this house
like I'm like no Jesus I don't know if
touching your yo jack is gonna be enough
I need you to come lay hands on this
whole situation with this house do some
like calming relaxing things and then
you know it'll be handled which I can
acknowledge is not the right level of
faith to go into a situation like this
but that's where I'm at
so and maybe that's on us maybe there I
mean I understand that I am nothing
without God like everything that that is
in my life or has been taken away was
through was through God's grace yeah so
the fact that it's no longer in my life
is fine the fact that I have like back
pain or knee pain or I mean no it's like
the fact that I have pain is a blessing
so the fact that I have the ability to
feel perceive that pain and then also I
have that leg that functions enough for
me to feel that pain like that's this is
all great I love that so maybe we do
need to reflect and this is always a a
progressive belief system maybe we do
need to ask God you believe that you are
nothing without him so then just ask
like there's no harm in asking
you're right I still come back to that
idea of like Who am I to ask though
really I feel that way too but if you
become desperate enough at times not
that you know you need to be desperate
in order to find God but I get that that
level of desperation of you know the way
that I'm thinking about it may not be
sufficient yeah it's like to throw
myself at and his feet it should be I am
asking you because little I do not
believe that I am capable of doing it on
my own right like there is nothing that
I can do in my life that can be done
without you and so I am asking you to
come into my life and whether or not
things actually change whether or not
this situation magically resolved or
like resolves the next day is is not the
point the point is to invite God into
your life yeah I mean this is uh this is
uh you know the situation that's it's
hard something that I've realized to
living with my family is how much I
really do value privacy mmm and how much
you value it as well because we are both
very introverted people so right now
we're shooting this video in a hotel
because you were not having a good week
it wasn't a breakdown but you were not
having any region
it wasn't a proud moment but it wasn't a
breakdown right you're not having a good
week and yeah it was just one of those
things where it was just like okay and
now it's time to take a sabbatical to
the level that we can which is just
having a staycation in the city that
we're in San Antonio so we booked this
hotel for just the weekend and you know
we're just kind of like relaxing a
little bit and all that taking some time
alone shooting some videos you know and
then you I mean like within the first
day you already felt like exponentially
better yeah yeah and the same for me to
like as y'all know I kind of went on a
downswing earlier this year and so I
feel like as I've said before we never
both freaked out kind of at the same
time one of us always freaked we always
kind of like take turns so I feel like
this was your turn let's not be here we
go thankfully we can afford to not be
here right now which again speaking to
the privileged right if there are some
situations where you've insisted well
okay well that's the situation and we're
just gonna have to live in it yeah so
that's what we're doing we're just here
taking time reflecting living because
that's what you got to do you got to
live so I don't know if they don't know
what the wrap-up to this video is or
anything like that
keep sending vibes in the comments if
the spirit moves you um yeah I'll see
you on the next video
okay bye wait subscribe we love you bye
we'll see you later bye
