Chris and I are waiting in the airport
because we're those weird people that
get to their flight like three hours
early because we have an unreal
obsession with possibly missing our
flight so just hanging out here in a is
a u.s. austin airport immediately if you
have left a very motorcycle and inhibit
lower level return here vehicle
immediately Stowe's Adam look at again
did you get
red flavor because red is a flavor
father placement
so we're on here on the main mall
looking snazzy they're actually setting
up for MLK because it's its 50th
anniversary so may I grace
oh there he is there's Lincoln I see him
Lincoln his ominous looking
cool
Vietnam Memorial
you
hey guys so today was monument day we
just basically walked around and went to
every single monument that we could find
so that was but a taste of the monuments
that we saw tomorrow it's Smithsonian
day and we will be going to the Natural
History Museum and the space museum
tomorrow that's the goal and then if we
have time see some other stuff so we're
here in DC we're at my great aunt and
uncle's house and we will be here until
sunday we're having a blast they are
awesome possum and we're having fun we
also went to the Holocaust Museum but
most of that you can't take pictures of
for obvious reasons so I had no footage
of the Holocaust Museum sorry CL
tomorrow
