sup guys um so Dakota got her bath
because she's going to be staying with a
friend because Chris and I are going to
Washington DC for our second anniversary
yay happy trips yay so one of my good
friends is keeping her and usually when
I let friends keep my dog I like to just
take her to get her cleaned and you know
so she's not stinking up their part now
that she stinks per se but you know she
want to go that extra mile to say hey
thank you for keeping my dog at an
extremely discounted rate so that's why
I went to get take her to get a rub a
dub dub in and yeah so Chris and I are
going to DC for our second anniversary
we're going to check out some of the
monuments and museums and whatnot I've
already been I've been a few times I
have family that lives near DC so they
used to take me when I was younger but
Chris has never been this is first time
so I'm really excited to be the one to
take him there it's going to be a good
time so if any of y'all have any ideas
of what cool things we should do while
we're in DC
please let me know in the comments below
and maybe we'll do them um I'm still
going to try to vlog while i'm there
even though i've been horrible about
vlogging every day I'm sorry we at
should be a good time so looking forward
to that fun footage I will see y'all
tomorrow
