hey so sorry I am so bad about vlogging
every day in August and that's what
you're supposed to do and I'm kind of
not doing it I'm sorry I'm sorry doing
this in August was really a bad idea but
I'm going to try to catch up on all the
videos that I've missed I think I've
missed like three so far one of them is
what is on your bucket list that was the
one I think for today yeah so let's
start with the 14 today and we'll work
our way back all right so what is on my
bucket list okay live in Europe for like
two years with my husband like just move
there I don't know how we're gonna work
or make that happen but live in Europe
for like two years Max and then come
back because family is important to me
and stuff and I don't want to be away
from my family for a long time but live
in Europe for two years that's one um be
on a soccer team it's another one be a
ballerina that's another thing on my
bucket list that I want to do my bucket
list is intense you know be an engineer
that's another big one yeah I want to be
an engineer of what I don't know but I
want to be one be a millionaire it's
another big one want to be a millionaire
win an Oscar I want one I don't know why
but I do rebuild a car my father does
that a lot for funsies and I want to
rebuild my own preferably a like a
Toyota Land Cruiser from like 1980 but
I'll settle for early model Ford Bronco
it's another thing on my list um own an
Irish Wolfhound that's a big bucket list
for me I really wanted own an Irish will
found so bad it's like my favorite dog
of all time because it's just huge and
just rugged-looking and it just screams
regalness to me I don't know why I don't
know why see the Amazon jungle I don't
know why I want to but I want to
um and that is about it tastes I'm just
going to give you all a taste of my
bucket list it's its extensive will i
get everything no being a ballerina it's
too late i'm already almost 23 it's not
happening well i joined a soccer team
probably not i'm once again already
almost 23 it's probably not happening
but Kate can dream oh one of them is go
to the Olympics and I have that in two
versions go to the Olympics as a
spectator and also go as a participant
the former will probably happen more so
than the ladder but he can dream um
 list things that I don't want to
necessarily accomplish before I die um I
don't want to kill anybody I don't want
to kill anybody for it I want to try to
avoid that no all right so that's that
one listen so that's today's um let me
see the other ones i missed was read
like your favorite passage of a book i
have a lot i don't i mean i don't i
wouldn't say that I'm a big reader I
mean I read obviously but just pick any
page of a Harry Potter book and you got
it Oh one that I remember also was show
us baby pictures of yourself right that
was a big one um because i'm in austin
and my parents are in san antonio they
have all my baby pictures and I don't
just keep baby pictures of myself lying
around but I do have my high school
yearbook and my mother you know god
bless her she obviously she loves me um
did this wonderful thing of creating a
full-page spread of me in the yearbook
you know how in your books you can like
do the whole donate a page and you know
you pay extra and that's basically how
they fund the yearbook right so my mom
it's not a full page to half page but
she did a half page spread of me and
basically she did it from like every
major stage of my life so she she got
the puberty in there real bad I mean
like you basically see the stages of
like oh my gosh with a cute little brown
girl oh my god oh oh puberty
oh oh it's so rough and we're getting
back there we go oh and now she's going
to college and she's growing into her
Luke's Luke's growing into her looks
that's great good for her glad she glad
she grew out of that so lets you feel
let's go ahead and check that out i'm
gonna show that to y'all right thing
from caterpillar to butterfly
congratulations on your senior year and
it just I saw this and you know imagine
being in you know a senior in high
school and then everybody like hey did
you see your spread oh my god you look
so weird and you know that nonsense so
here we go zooming in there's me as a
wee babe how adorable aren't I adorable
look at that face oshkosh but oh my gosh
why are you too cute oh look at her
she's growing up she's got beads uh I
look pissed I don't know why I think
it's just a bad day I don't know Hey
look at her just a regular little little
girl oh and now we're starting to see it
oh no her teeth are coming into their
crooked dang oh man forehead too oh man
you look kind of funny oh we're getting
worse you're realizing probably that
perms are a bad idea I look like super
African in that though like can we talk
about the difference between the two
shades in these photo anyway oh you're a
band nerd on top of that oh man band
nerd oh you're still a band nerd and you
don't know what to do with your hair you
look like a mushroom great oh you're
getting better it's getting better
you're looking normal now somewhat yay
those two are the best to probably so
needless to say that was rough and I had
to listen to everyone in my high school
and my high school was small you know
there were only like a hundred and
twelve people in my graduating class
because it was a magnet school like a
specialty school so everyone knew
everyone and it was just like everyone
saw that and there
yeah it was so great what are my hopes
and dreams mmm that's tough I mean hopes
and dreams wise i think i just want to
live the best life I can with the means
that i have had and a hope and a dream
is to become you know that next level
financially secure like millionaire
status because as much as i hate to say
it money does really make the world go
round in my personal opinion and if I
had an obscene amount of wealth I feel
like I would really want to give it away
because I mean you can't take it with
you when you're gone you know like when
you die you're not gonna your money's
not going to go with you and I mean it
of course I would like secure my
family's wealth and make sure that there
was enough money for them to you know
live on for generations and have this
money and whatever but with the rest of
it I feel like I would just give it away
you know and just try to give money here
and give money there and fun to people
to help other people and and all that
kind of stuff cuz I think that's
important and you know as money can't
buy happiness but it sure can help you
park your yacht next to it you know so i
guess like grander scheme hopes and
dreams i want to be rich so i can help a
lot of people and hopefully that doesn't
make me sound horrible I'll see y'all
tomorrow
