yo Veda what's up so today's the this
and today's topic is do you think that
you give good advice / do you like
getting advice and giving advice advice
everywhere and so on and so forth um by
the way is my break from work I have to
go back to work after they make this
quick video uh I like giving advice I
like helping my friends if they need
that I find that when I'm giving advice
what I'm really just doing is listening
feel like someone people just need
someone to juice from listen to them and
so they can just get it all out and then
I think most of time I feel like most
people actually know what needs to be
done they just for one reason or another
don't want to admit it to themselves or
whatever so have been told also that I
give good advice because I can be and
this can be a good thing or a bad thing
relatively detached from situations
including within my own life so a lot of
times I have the ability to just kind of
break away from things emotionally and
look at it from the big picture
logically of you know like what the next
step is and apparently I'm not a lot of
people can do that but it's also kind of
a bad thing because at times I can just
seemed unemotional about things that are
happening and it's not because I don't
care it's just because in my mind I know
it needs to be done so I'm just gonna do
it and deal with it you know so um I've
been told that about myself a lot and
that's why people like to get advice
from me and I'll so that's also why some
people don't want to get advice for me
because they know that I will tell them
what needs to be said and they don't
want to hear it that's also another
reason why sometimes my friends will
have situations that happen and they
purposely won't ask me for advice
because they don't want me to tell them
what they already know is true so it's a
double-edged sword do I like getting
advice
I do when it is solicited I do like I
often ask people what they think of
whatever I'm doing and listen that and a
lot of times I'll ask Chris because I
mean that's what you'd be when you're
married you kind of like ask your spouse
for advice a lot Oh whether they've been
in a similar situation or not you just
ask them but um yeah a lot of times I go
to my parents for most of my advice
whether its financial advice life advice
I mean advice on how to what to do with
my dog like I go to my parents for a lot
of guidance especially now that I feel
like I'm older and I can see how they
did it you know looking back and really
realizing that they did it right you
know um that they're good people to
their core you know so I asked them a
lot because they are kind of like the
prototype to me of what a marriage
should be what a family unit should be
and all of that kind of stuff so I go to
my parents a lot for that kind of advice
life advice if you will them and my
sister my sister my older sister she's
like basically a second mom to me /
confidant kind of thing so we confide a
lot in each other and unlike me she has
the ability to be I think more emotional
about things and more compassionate
whereas with me since I'm so logical you
know strike one strike two strike three
and I'm done with you or she'll forgive
and you know let you come back and keep
trying and that kind of thing where I'm
just kind of like get out of my face so
hate you now you know what I hate but
like you've wronged me so many times
that I don't feel the need to have you
in my life whereas show you know she'll
take the time to understand your frame
of mind and you know say I understand
why you did it hurt me but I understand
where you're coming from whereas I'm
like you hurt me and I know I wouldn't
do that to you so go away
so I I often will go to her when I feel
like I need to be more compassionate so
we kind of balance each other out in
that respect I think um well yeah that's
really mostly it i would say that I like
giving advice I like getting it from my
loved ones when people just try to like
just throw advice to me like they know
me and I'm like um back away but I did
not solicit your advice so that's one
thing I always try to make sure I do
when people are kind of starting to tell
me something relatively you know
controversial in their life the first
thing I'll kind of say is well like do
you want to know what I really think
yeah that's the first thing I say I try
not to give unwarranted advice you know
like if they aren't purposely asking me
for it I don't give it to them so yeah
that is me on advice-giving um I don't
know what the topic is tomorrow do you
look at calendar but I also need to get
back to work because I have to get some
videos out the door to some clients so
