you
hi how you doing that's cool uh so I
will be participating in Veda which veta
veta veta we're going to go veda vlog
every day in August super excited super
excited to see what other people are
vlogging about I feel like they it made
it seem like the topics you could
loosely follow them you don't have to so
I'll be curious to see who follows them
and who just makes stuff up I feel like
I might be the person's of making stuff
up the first thing is you're supposed to
introduce yourself so hi hello so yeah
I'm Holies i reside in texas tejas if
you will um it's a big state pretty big
you can fit a couple states in the state
we are the lone star state as well um I
got a lot of Texas pride born and raised
here love it um I feel like I'm a Texan
first and an American second yeah it's
like that I am a producer I'm a
freelance producer I produce videos
corporate videos mostly for various
companies yeah that's mean it's that's
what I do and it's fun I like it I enjoy
it it's a good time I'm a little worried
about posting every day in August
because I actually didn't really quite
think it through August is actually kind
of a busy month for me because a lot of
companies you know they they kind of
finally come back to production for
their companies
stuff and so that's when we start
getting a lot of the new deals in to get
prepping for the fall so kind of didn't
think this through but I'm gonna really
try I'm gonna really try to stick with
it I am super excited to meet more new
people in it and on the interwebs my
youtube channel is incredibly random
yeah not really much going on there but
that's the other reason why I wanted to
use Veda I wanted to kind of have an
actual you know series of events on my
vlog because I mostly use my youtube
channel to connect and watch other
videos from other youtubers that I think
are awesomely funny or hilarious and
stuff like that that's really what I
mostly use my youtube channel for to
just watch other stuff i also use it for
hair care um I'm natural and so yeah but
um I'm super excited once again it's
getting off-topic they're super excited
to meet everyone um if you are in all
forms of social media like I am follow
me and I will be pleased so yeah hi it's
nice to meet all of y'all um yes I said
y'all hope you enjoy my Veda and i'll
see you tomorrow because i'm making
another video tomorrow right see y'all
tomorrow
