what's up sorry it's lunchtime but I
just really wanted to get on and express
my excitement and my renewed faith in
netflix oh this is waterberg I'm having
whataburger those for those of you
aren't from Texas whataburger is a
burger chain here in Texas um and
they've been here since 1950 says it on
their cups they're also a Texas treasure
like they have been deemed to Texas
treasure I'll throw the symbol up there
in a minute Booya and that's just how we
roll here in Texas so if you haven't
been you know check it out it's uh it's
pretty good that's neither here nor
there I want to talk to y'all today
about a ritalin and I want to talk to
y'all without backing up too far because
i have a very shallow depth of field
right now because i had to make it that
way because i'm black and that's my
camera jargon-free all today anyway hmm
I want to talk to y'all today about
Netflix and why I'm amazed with it um so
I Paul over this little blogger called
Evelyn of the Internet's and she had a
little post on her tumblr called if I
don't just if you don't follow that you
should go follow it um talking about how
she was excited about some shows that
were now available on netflix and i was
like she telling the truth so i went to
my playstation 3 i turned it on went to
the netflix app with my controller
waited for netflix to load chose the
netflix for adults options not that
enough looks for kids because i'm not
about that life i'm a big kid now I'm 22
and as I began to scroll I got more and
more excited
in my scrolling I found Johnny Bravo
courage the cowardly dog Edd n Eddy
Dexter's Lab Powerpuff Girls are you
feeling me the boondocks Metalocalypse
cow and chicken venture brothers at this
point I'm I mean at this point I'm like
and then this is the moment because I'm
still scrolling and this is the moment
when I realized like Netflix just got
real samurai jack is on netflix like
samurai jack is like my show Haku that
man struggled ok and so I freaked out
and I just I have renewed faith in
netflix true it's you know it's true
that you know because it's Netflix the
only have one or two seasons of each of
these shows up there BTW i think they
have a regular show up there 20
adventure times up there awesome possum
if you haven't realized for those of you
that are in my age group which i think
the cut-offs probably like 32 or so I
don't know you probably grew up watching
some of these shows and so now they're
available on Netflix I mean I know what
I'm doing with my Saturday which is
wasting it I'm proud of you netflix I
don't know if it was Netflix executives
that were banging on the doors of
Cartoon Network like let us use your
shows or if it was like a cartoon
network executive who was like let's
just blow some 20 year olds mine and put
some shows on Netflix let's just do that
whoever it was I'm proud of you not that
you need my pride because who am I
honestly and I did you know is that this
is what that's what I'm doing today I'm
watching cartoon shows on Netflix
because I'm grown
