look what came in the mail for me today
for all of you can't my people you're
thinking oh my gosh a lease what a
snazzy lens you have for your camera
little do you know it's not a camera at
all it's a furnace blow your mind mine
is blow and I love it it is so cute it's
so cute and it even comes with a little
pouch like if it actually were a lens
and I had it for my camera how adorable
is that a look at Lynne's Cup it's
backwards because this is on my computer
my jigga majig but yeah and I got this
from my awesome cousin who lives in
Maryland Michelle she sent it to me via
Amazon thank you so much cuz you do best
boo you two best appreciate you I'm
definitely going to use this for tea in
the morning Darjeeling if you're curious
and it's gonna be awesome possum suck it
Damian I got one anyway Oh Pete
