hey guys so I'm back and I finally
finished combing out my locks it took
about three weeks to pass by the time I
watched a season of ugly betty that is
what got me through this process
honestly
mmm things I've noticed um I have about
three different girl patterns all over
my head the back of my head is a lot
more z-type a lot more course more of
that cotton I suppose feel and so as
such it gets dry very quickly it which
makes a lot of sense because just
looking Pat in the past and stuff the
back of my hair it always seemed like it
grew the slowest but it wasn't that it
grew the slowest it just lost moisture
and therefore broke easily so I'm
definitely catering now my regimen to
the different curl patterns and sections
of my head with moisturizing I
definitely seal in the back a lot like
I'll put right now i'm using a deep
treatment mask by shea moisture as a
product that a lot of people have ranted
and raved about i first bought this
actually a year two of my locks and i
even did a review of it if you look
through my videos and i loved it then
just as a moisturizer which is what i'm
using it for now I put it in my hair and
I don't wash it out I'd leave it in and
I seal that then with some haha boil and
so that's what I've kind of been doing
the front of my hair is more of a curly
like s type pattern I know if I can like
show you because there are some sections
where it's like so defined like the curl
is just like so defined it's crazy time
like are you serious right now I don't
know if you can see that but it's very
curled you know there's definite
twisting just definitely a curl there um
especially when I do like a serious
moisturize like they are so noticeable
so that's really interesting the front
very curly back zzzz so what can you do
um I like it though I definitely like it
i'm going to do a length check so you
can see just like how I've much I've
retained and all of that keep in mind
this is after I trimmed my ends I'm
probably going to wait a couple months
but with them I'm probably wait a couple
months and do a more in-depth
like go somewhere and get it trimmed
because I couldn't really see what I was
doing I didn't wanted it wrong but add a
lot of split ends so you know for the
fun part I kept all of the hair but you
could see how much hair ended up coming
out of my head from the four years that
I have locks so was i oh geez don't lose
that puff is the hair sons and like you
can see I'm digging into the look at
that and all of this was I'm kind of
taking it out now all of this was
embedded in my hair and this is just for
years just for years of shedding and all
of that and now it's gone so what can
you do um I really like my hair texture
i like how i guess the right word isn't
thick but dense it is it shrinks a lot
like a lot i'm going to go ahead and
take off my pineapple so you can we can
do a length check what's today the
october the 12th we'll just say october
first we'll just go from you know for
dating it's actually still a little damp
so so the side okay you can see how much
it shrinks like crazy time so that's
aside the front
okay it's the front other side and I
definitely think I retained more link on
this side than this side but whatever
other side
hopefully I can see that like the center
ish to kind of give you an idea
okay so as you can see it made much will
make this into a hair tutorial too easy
little style to do especially if you
have short hair like me kind of get
yourself one of those longer um bands
and then just kind of push you know push
it up push push push push push push push
push push push push push push and voila
and then fluff push n fluff it's kind of
hard to see this camera but what ifs and
well you have a cute little buff and as
your hair grows your puff will get
bigger and you look cute so I think the
style works on so many different lengths
so I like it I'm definitely gonna wear
this one again so you can see all the
different styles I've had I have one
where I just wear it out
I have my protective style right now is
just like a flat 2 flat twists all the
way back
let me know what you think of my hair if
you have any ideas for scute styles let
me know that it's quick I'm all about
quick so thanks for watching and thanks
for going through the journey with me
appreciate it
