hey youtube I look like poo oh well
anyway hey you two um I've decided that
I am going to trim the locks I have not
trimmed them since i first started them
three years ago and it's about that time
the edges I can tell her a little frayed
or a little bow you know so I'm going to
trim them so I watched a tutorial an
impromptu tutorial from Damien WJ i want
to say interesting guy and he's got a
lot to say about dreads and maintenance
and all that you can learn a lot from
them if you're curious about the
professional world of jet locks and what
a professional has to say about it
instead of like maybe listening to like
me or anyone else you just doing it on
their own so check them out i'll put
them a link to him in the comments
section so you can go to his page and
watch the tutorial that i watch he's a
character i like them so yeah i'll come
back and let you all see what it looks
like hopefully it won't be much shorter
than it is right now I don't know you
just get so scared like I don't want to
cut but now for the health of my hair I
need a cut so I'm going to do the method
that he talks about in his tutorial
which is you take it from the temple and
cut out a straight angle and then you
take it from the center at a 90 degree
angle and then you take it from the top
straight up and so I'm going to try that
method to cut my hair anyway see I'm
gonna do that and I'm come back and
hopefully my hair won't look too much
shorter because I don't want to cuz I
like my weight yeah be back in a sec
alright so this is Coast trim do you
like you got strike a pose when you do
it I'm pretty happy when I was trimming
I realized like so the ends you could
just see that they were breaking and so
it's just kind of like you know what
just trying to do it how did it dude you
missed the haircut I couldn't wait good
and wait I had to do it dude class got
canceled or I forgot that class wasn't
happening so I can still feel that some
of them I didn't quite get to where the
breakages but that's okay by this time
next year I will chop them off and we
will start a new way I'm pretty
contented it's all mixed with Caitlyn's
here Kaylee's here too you know it's
just like from you know common everyday
is diving stuff so anyway here's the
heap of hair that I cut you can see my
roommates here is also mixed in there
yeah she's blonde so but uh trimmed it
all it was a nice good chunk of hair
gone but and I can feel that it's
shorter but it needed to be done and I'm
happy with it so once again thank you
YouTube before providing me with the
means to know how to cut my hair and use
the back now the back is a lot shorter
then took a lot off though I took a lot
off the back because that's where most
of the breakage was so but I'm pretty
okay with it I'm hoping that they don't
end up starting to unravel there was
nothing else little scared about but
where I cut I made sure I cut where I
can feel that they were strong in that
place so
and I'll make sure I moisturize tonight
on the tips definitely to make sure they
don't dry out so yeah a
