youtube Vitellius haven't made a video
in a while it's the summertime it's hot
really hot so the hair is too long to be
down during his summer but you don't
want to always have it in a ponytail
because it just doesn't look good all
the time he wants to switch it up a bit
oh I was on YouTube looking for some
great updos and i came across chest
galax video that she got from WL ECE if
memory serves me correctly and so I
watched both what they did was flat
twists sections like so and like bring
and cheska she like made little buns all
over her and WL you see I think as I say
it did um like pipe cleaner girls in the
front I didn't have time for private
cleaner girls I also didn't have time to
make a whole crapload of buttons so what
I did was combine the two and because
cheska Locke says also is another video
about likes giant bun she does all the
way to the side but my hair's not quite
long enough for that so I did that time
idea just with um the other video so I
made these go all the way back as you
can see and then I all the hair that was
in the front I pulled it around and made
a bun and so now I have a very
professional interesting looking up to
you and so it did take a while maybe
like put the bun in the light it took a
while but I like definitely like the
results
so I am really happy with it it took
about 10 15 ish minutes to do and it's a
stylish way to have my hair up because
this is summertime and it gets really
hot here in Jackson so we hit a hundred
just about every day my friend she's
from Nigeria and she was just like oh my
god you look like people straight from
my homeland it's like awesome sweet i
don't think i have nigerian blood in me
but if I did I would fit the role cool
thank you everyone for the video keep
them coming because people like me are
watching and learning from them and yet
until the next town youtube
