hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always I
just wanted to get on and talk to y'all
a little bit so yeah let's just get like
into it
I'm currently waiting for some of my
footage to export from another project I
was working on so when I do that I like
to just like take a little stroll next
to the train tracks that are near my
office and all of that so yeah we're
just out here in a hot Sun being foolish
as per usual so last weekend I actually
got to go to Fort Worth because my short
film my name is Hollis a link to it in
the Eye of Sauron was in the Fort Worth
indie showcase which is yeah just like a
little Film Festival it was actually
really cool because it was the first
time that I've ever had anything in a
festival that is like mine I'm the
principal person of it or whatever I've
had things that have gone to festivals
or have been screened where I was the
editor or I just helped to work on the
project or whatever but this was the
first project that I've done where yeah
it was like this is a Hollis beast
production it just got me like thinking
of just where do I fit in into this like
bigger scheme feel film industry world I
went to school for film and did that all
in my undergrad but all through film
school going to Hollywood all that kind
of stuff I never really felt like I fit
in I was always just kind of like I'm
not y'all you know but at the same time
I recognize the importance of festivals
and how they can help you know propel
your career forward and things like that
I don't know it's just strange I'm still
trying to work out how to like define
myself and
where I'm trying to go me try to be all
that kind of stuff you know I'm saying
being in Fort Worth and and like going
through that experience did manifest a
few positive things for me of just like
I really enjoy being in transit I really
enjoy going to places and seeing and
experiencing those things with my family
and mr. hallease my parents did come to
it was really interesting my mother who
travels a lot for work professionally
she's like a Marriot platinum diamond
absurd member and um she actually got
upgraded to like a presidential suite in
the hotel so she was super excited to
show y'all and give you all a tour of
the hotel so I'll cut to some of that
free office hello everybody
Linda Clements from worry again welcome
to the marriott upgrade suite 11:46 the
Renaissance and Fort Worth the Van
Cliburn suite you are coming into the
foyer to your right
thank you Chris is the guest bathroom
beautifully appointed
Dule commodes oh yeah
one for him one for me once again travel
brilliantly Thanks Marriott Loki she
could totally be like on HGTV or
something she's got the right I feel
like she's got the right personality for
it anyway show my mom some love in the
comments please but yeah she something
it really showed me was just how much I
enjoy traveling and like being in
transit and seeing new things and
experiencing new things with my family
especially mr. hallease and how much I
want to try to like manifest that into
the channel more yeah I like going new
places and I like taking y'all with me
I also realized how much I enjoy this
idea of not really work life balance but
more work life blend if you will because
there did come this point where mr.
Hollis went to go see one of his old
friends in Dallas and I stayed back on
purpose I was like yeah go see your
friend and like do that whole situation
I'll cut to some of that footage
I'm sure it's ridiculous no have you
trapped him
what kind of things doing
yeah he went off to his friend and I
stayed back and kind of did some editing
captured some more footage with the away
luggage cuz away sent me some luggage
check out that video
it'll I'll link to that video when it's
up it'll probably up after this one I
was also able to see Jules E who I'm
always excited to see and I felt like
with Fort Worth I learned I don't know
if I'm built for festivals but also keep
applying to him or whatever um but it
did also teach me that I really do want
to incorporate filmmaking just into mic
my overall life and I think I'm on the
path to do that but I mean like I don't
know either
so you know in the comments below riddle
me that I guess I don't know I'm pretty
sure my stuff is finally done updating
in the office so I should get back big
shots to the patreon fam love y'all if
you want to become part of the
production team because y'all are
producers y'all are helping me produce
this channel for real furrow patreon.com
slash Ollie's it's because of you all I
can say I'll see you on Sunday
