hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always today
I wanted to get on and talk to a little
bit about new metric up I've been trying
the Evo Cup
first off if you're new here subscribe
if the spirit moves you so I had been
using the lunette cup for the past two
to three years and I sort of began to
realize like okay it's been a while I
should probably purchase a new one but
my cycle is coming up and I didn't want
to necessarily try to order one online
on time so I went ahead and just went to
my local grocery store and happened upon
the EVA cup and figured oh what is this
is like a good opportunity to try a new
cup and talk to you all about it so I
picked up the Eva cup in size too
similar to other minstrel cups it comes
in two different sizes size one is a
little bit smaller and I think a little
bit not as wide as well and usually they
market size one to women who haven't
given birth vaginally and then size two
is marketed to women who have given
birth vaginally
I've got size too even though I do not
have any children and have not birthed
anything and that's because my menses is
usually pretty intense for the first
couple days and if I used a size one
then I would be going to the bathroom
like every couple hours to empty it and
that's just doesn't isn't conducive for
a productive day you know what I mean
so I always get size two and size two
always feels comfortable to me a little
bit about me I'm five foot one and
around 120 pounds so but yeah something
I will say right off the bat that
actually made me a little nervous when I
first purchased this and opened it and
was in the process of disinfecting it
the silicone compared to the lunette cup
is a lot softer and a lot more malleable
I would say this cup has a lot more give
to it which gave me pause because I was
like oh man is it gonna like stay in
place when I insert it but then to my
delight it did I would actually say it
stayed in place a lot better than my
lunette cup something with my previous
cup that I always struggled with a
little bit but it was never enough to
really like annoy me was that there was
always just a smidge of leakage like
but the type of underwear that I own
there's like padding built into them I
use NYX square underwear and there's
like a little bit of padding built into
them to absorb discharge and things like
that so it never really bothered me like
I had the tools for it to not affect my
daily routine or anything like that with
the Eva cup though I've been using it
now for about three cycles and yeah
there's like hardly any leakage as long
as I insert it correctly and you know
it's in place there's like nothing it's
it's pretty awesome I like it a lot I
think a lot of that has to do again with
the silicone just being a little bit
more soft when you insert it being able
to just shape and form to you that much
more the other thing about the Eva cup
that I think is neat if you're someone
who's trying to monitor or calculate
this is that it has very distinct
markers for measurement if you're trying
to figure out how much menses you're
producing over the course of your cycle
maybe for your own internal research
maybe you're trying to adjust your diet
or something like that and you want to
see how that's going over the course of
a couple months to a year maybe you just
want to give that information to your
gynecologist I don't know I don't live
your life
it has measurements and ounces and
milliliters on this cup very visible so
that you can as you're emptying you can
see how much menses you're producing so
that's really neat you know finally the
other thing I really liked about this
cup you know most of them all kind of
have a very similar shape across the
market it seems like it gets down into
the fine details for individual people
as far as comfort and placement and all
that kind of stuff
something really like about the Eva cuff
compared to the lunette cup and other
cups I've seen on the market is that the
tip of it which is to help you insert
and remove it is curved rather than like
squared and I feel like that just makes
it a little more comfortable once it's
inserted and you're going day to day you
don't have to worry about it kind of
rubbing against you or anything like
that I felt like with my lunette cup
sometimes that would happen to where the
sharper end of the tip was like kind of
against like a little bit of my wall and
it's like that feels weird you know I
don't have to go to the bathroom and
kind of like adjust it I don't get that
problem so much with this cup because
it's nice and curved which is cool the
one thing about the eva cup that annoys
me a little bit is that even though it
was easy to find this cup at my local
grocery store the color selection and
this is such a nitpicky thing but the
color selection is a little limited I
think when I was at the store they only
had pink and white I'm not I would not
say a very feminine person in general so
I tend to not like pink in general so
that was a little frustrating to me I
wish they had more colors something ever
they appreciate about the lunette cup is
that they have a wide variety of
different colors whereas the Eva Cup
seems to be just very more overtly
feminine in their color selection but
the other thing that comes with through
with the Eva Cup when you purchase it is
a lovely carrying case but again very
feminine so you know it's very feminine
you know if you're interested in
purchasing this cup if it's available on
Amazon I'll link to it down below if
there are other menstrual cup brands
that you think are awesome and you want
more people to know about let us know in
the comments below
I'm Holly's and I'll see you when I see
you
you
