living with my parents as a married
adult woman has become my new normal
even though I've successfully
transitioned into freelance life now I
have worked from home long enough to
know that it's all about having a
schedule I still wake up every morning
get dressed pack my bag and head out to
the office I'm not the type that can be
productive in my pajamas pajamas are for
chillin I'm trying to put in this work
Dakota's Ben's most of her time with my
mother who is also a full-time
professional that works from home like
mother like daughter I guess a few
months into being displaced I realized
that I needed to invest in myself and
get an office space so I found this
co-working space near downtown the whole
space feels like a chip and Joanna
Gaines remodel and every room feels
primed for artistic selfies hello I'm
planning on I know she's like feeling a
certain type way since she doesn't have
her makeup and like all that jazz so let
me know if anything changes
I spent the rest of the day with my
friend Kay on who came down to visit me
for the day from Austin we all went and
had a lovely little dinner at Five
Points local before she headed back up
it's funny because I didn't actually
really become friends with Gannon until
I left Austin and yet we still hang out
her and I take turns traveling to see
each other about once a month
you can't put a price on good friends I
didn't get around to seeing my grandma
Jan until Saturday she's in a rehab unit
because she took a fall about a week ago
you know I was born in in Boston but my
mother and her sister and the whole
family were all Canadians and you know I
had never been treated or exposed like
that so when we came up the red said
well we're going to San Antonio to
overhaul Medical Center I said oh dear
God so when we bought the house on Grand
Valley and moved up there we hadn't been
there you know all that long when but
she wasn't born yet when her mom and dad
and Antoinette came so I know that they
were wondering what kind of people we
were I said oh no honey
no you have any trouble with me no I'm
not like that mm-hmm
not at all
so when Antoinette was 18 months old I
started taking care of her long before a
little shook was done in the world we
were always just back and forth with
each other and then mama got pregnant
with her you know when she was a little
different she wasn't the same with
grandma Janice Antoinette was she admits
it and you know we would there was just
a difference you know Antoinette was
with me from 18 months old
this one was independent all I'm not
going with her yeah she used to take me
this one for Grandparents Day to school
so I get up go over there and she Kris
she drew this picture she doesn't
remember it but but I do I'll never
forget it because it was so sweet she
drew the picture she had her gram parent
on this side from I think it was her dad
and then she had me in the middle with
the big white face and then she had her
other grandparent and somebody said to
her who's that lady and then she said
that's my grandma Jan and that was and
then I used to we used to all go to
Luby's right we used to go to luby's
Annie and then some people would make
comments of course I gave it right back
to them you know so that's how I've been
in the family ever since they moved here
that's the military though that's just
how it is in the military yeah all band
together you-you-you do band together
there's a saying that I love because it
sums up a lot of my life and the
relationships that I have cultivated in
it the blood of the Covenant is thicker
than the water of the womb people tend
to talk about the importance of family
in terms of biology but I've learned
that there's a lot of ways you can
define your family I love my mother and
father
not because they are biologically
related to me but because they raised me
I call miss Jan my grandma because for
all intensive purposes she is my grandma
she did all the things grandparents do
figure out who your real family is
invest yourself in them and watch the
blessings flow let me know how you
define your family below and I'll see
you when I see you
