hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always today
I'm recording / doing some field testing
of the zoom f1 recorder let's check it
out
if you're new here go ahead and
subscribe if the spirit moves you so you
can stay abreast if you will of
everything that I've got going on in
this chaotic good life so the zoom
recorder I purchased this from Amazon
Prime it came in a pack basically
everything I needed to start recording
on the spot as soon as I open the box
came with it so what is the Zoom f1 it
is a field recorder meant to be a little
bit more rugged and sturdy in terrain
and you can see that I think it's
definitely represented in the price
difference between something like this
the f1 and the h1 end you have a
multitude more buttons to work with and
some easy access buttons so navigating
them a menu bar on this feels a little
bit more intuitive than the h1 and um
one thing I will say is sort of a
downgrade from this backplate is that it
comes with a super tiny screw which
makes it a little difficult because I
mean I had to kind of scour for a proper
Phillips screwdriver that was small
enough to fit this little screw to put
this piece on it's a field recorders so
what's really neat about what I think
Zhu is trying to do with this recorder
is is have it to be your sort of
one-stop shop recording device for a
variety of different types of
microphones so similar to how the h5 in
has multiple microphones that you can
attach to the top of it you can do the
same with this recorder obviously you
have to purchase them separately when
you first purchase the device mine came
with a lot of built in and again I think
that's what they kind of market this
mostly is that being said the device
also has a micro SD so my personal
opinion is I'm really actually not that
big on love's I don't really like using
them but I recognize that they do serve
a purpose the audio editors that I've
worked with in the past on
or you know marketing and commercial
level stuff they usually prefer boom as
well something that I actually don't
like about this recorder though in
comparison to a much more cost-effective
recorder like the h1 in which you can
also use as a lavalier setup if you want
to is that this one uses a record level
based on ace based on arbitrariness so
the recording levels are from low to
high + + whereas i whereas with the zoom
h1 in it really likes that it had sort
of a number gage I'm assuming from 0 to
100 on the recording level that you
could use all that being said for this
video I have been recording my audio the
way I usually do using my rode videomic
pro + if you'd like to check out that
review link in the Eye of Sauron now and
I did that so that way you can hear my
voice and remember my voice as it sounds
using this microphone with the boom I
currently have my zoom set based on I
listen to myself via the headphone jack
before I started recording and figured
out that hi - was the best place for me
to be at this is what ice my voice
sounds like on high - using the f1 with
the love here we go I'm gonna go ahead
and switch it let me take myself off
hold so now I'm on high regular using
the zoom f1 I'm assuming I don't tell
sound too much worse I'm not listening
to myself because I want to like be
pleasantly surprised or let down in post
you know according to this audio level I
shouldn't be terrible right now we're
gonna go ahead and move it up this is
high + ok Speight I'm at negative 6
which my speaking voice is at is like
right around negative 12 actually going
up to negative 6 so I'm probably
sounding pretty bad right now and I'm
assuming you'll probably start to hear a
lot of other background maybe the air
conditioner a little bit more and now
I'm at high + +
which is the highest setting that this
has and yeah I'm sure I probably sound
absolutely terrible if anything I'll
probably lower the volume and post so
that way I'm not blowing you all out but
you'll be able to hear that I'm probably
peaking and I'm probably a bit distorted
now and then here I so I'm gonna talk on
Otto for a bit just so you can hear how
it's probably trying to figure out where
to balance me and it probably took some
time to achieve that now if I stand here
let's see how terrible it sounds trying
to figure out you know where my normal
is and that's something that usually
always bothers me about Otto on any kind
of recording device is that it takes it
a minute if you're quiet for too long
it's going to assume the background
noise is what it's trying to pick up and
it's gonna elevate the audio level even
like way too high and then when you
finally talk it brings it back down so
you have these herbs and flows these
Peaks you know at the beginning of when
someone speaks but you know maybe this
may be the f1 isn't doing such a bad job
and maybe it's doing auto very well I
would be very surprised but we'll see if
I'm surprised imposed the recorder but I
am assuming that you cannot hear me at
all if necessary I will switch back to
the boom or throw some boom in so you
know what I'm saying right now here's
mid- I'm assuming that there's some
Inklings 32 so this is probably
laughable Here I am at mid
so mid is probably not good but you know
you're still you're picking me up I'm
getting there or maybe this sounds
better
really not sure you know I really wanted
to do this without listening to it in my
headphones just so because the idea what
this thing is that you're using it on
the go and maybe you're not necessarily
taking the time to put your headphones
in and listen and do all that you just
want to throw something you throw this
on the person and get going so you know
Here I am at mid and then Here I am at
mid plus which ironically might be the
best version I feel I well I still feel
if I'm just looking at the audio levels
I feel like it's too low I'm barely
getting up to negative 18 I believe when
I took my audio classes in college you
really wanted to have it in between
negative 18 and negative 12 I'm barely
even getting up to negative 18 I'm still
in like negative 32 ish range so and
then Here I am at high - which I think
that's what I started on I can't even
remember now cuz I've been doing this
video but I think that's what I started
on I'm hoping that this is the best
thing to be on and yeah I think I've
gone through all of them now
so overall what are my thoughts I
appreciate that the f1 is a step up from
the h1 in however if you're first
starting out and you have limited money
to him but invest the h1 in is a solid
love Mike you know all you have to do is
buy the h1 in which is around a hundred
dollars buy a little love mic to go with
it you can get those for around 20 or 30
bucks and you're ready and set to go but
if you have a little bit more money to
invest and want something that you know
you don't have to worry about dropping
it and it just shattering possibly maybe
check out the f1 also I think it's
really neat that the f1 can take these
different microphone attachments granted
that adds another level of investment
but it gives you again that capability
to have one piece of equipment have
multiple uses so it feels like a more
strategic investment in on upping your
production value rather than the h1 and
where you know it's a good investment
because if it has a recorder it has
microphones built into it but all you
can never really do with it is add a LOF
so yeah those are my thoughts on the
zoom f1 field recorder like share and
subscribe if the spirit moves you I'm
Holly's I'll see you when I see you
you
