hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere I just wanted
to get on and make another lock video
talking about five things that I've kind
of learned with this second set of locks
that I have that have made washing them
and caring for them a lot easier as you
all know I'm basically semi freeform so
I'm not really getting into how to
maintain and things like that I just
separate I just wanted to get on and
kind of let you all know some of the
things that I've done that have made
washing my locks a lot more productive
and have helped to keep my hair of
looking healthy
for those of y'all who don't know I wash
my hair at least twice a week every week
sometimes if I've been being even more
active I'll wash my hair at least three
times a week and not just getting my
hair wet like shampooing it two times or
three times a week depending on how
active I am so without further ado let's
get right on into it here is tip number
one so the first thing I would recommend
is starting at the source having good
water when you're washing your hair I
personally have a water filter because
San Antonio has super harsh water the
easiest way you can tell if your water
is harsh where you live is take some
water in a pot from your shower or your
sink or wherever and boil it for about
five to ten minutes if you come back and
you see that there is like a white
residue around the pot a little bit you
live in a place that has a varying
degree of harsh water consider getting a
water filter if you come back in ten
minutes and the water is still clear
nothing has sort of separated from the
water you live in a place with pretty
good water so you don't really you know
filter you might not really see much of
a difference then for you I know for me
personally my hair looks fuller and
healthier whenever I had whenever I'm
washing my hair in a shower that has a
water filter especially here in Texas
the second thing I would mention is the
type of shampoo you use so I know a lot
of people swear by african black soap
but for me personally it leaves a
residue on my head I think a lot of that
has to do with the fact that my hair is
so tightly compact it really is hard to
get things out of my locks once they're
in shampoos like african black soap are
shea butter based so shea butter is a
very thick butter and as the name
expresses its a butter so in when it
solidifies it'll solidify in your hair
the same with things like coconut oil
it's going to solidify in your hair
and kind of leave a bit of a residue if
you don't get it all the way out so
that's the reason why I don't use
products like african black soap for my
locks anyway definitely use it on my
face body everything else but I keep it
away from my locks I think a good rule
of thumb when looking for a shampoo is
look for shampoos that have words like
clarifying other things like that and
then because then they're gonna leave as
little residue as possible it's really
hard to find a residue free shampoo
that's really difficult all of them are
gonna leave just a smidge but you want
one that'll leave as little as possible
the one I'm currently using is by Avalon
organics it's their clarifying lemon
shampoo I really like it I love the
smell it lathers really well and it's
just a really great all-around shampoo I
recently switched over to this from
using dr. Bronner's peppermint soap
which I know a lot of y'all swore swear
by that too and it is pretty good but
again it's got coconut oil it's a
coconut oil oil based castile soap so it
does leave a little bit of a residue
keep that in mind
another thing to consider with the type
of shampoo you're using is also how
clear is like a good way to gauge if it
doesn't have words like clarifying or
things like that on it is it literally
see-through that's a good way if you
aren't really big on reading ingredients
and things like that to know if it's a
good at least semi residue-free type
shampoos so the Avalon organics one here
it is in the bottle it's got a little
bit of like a yellow tint to it I'm
assuming because of the lemon but more
or less I can see directly through it
and that helps to know that it's not
gonna leave too much residue in my locs
another shampoo that I see a lot of
people talking about which I've tried it
once or twice I still don't know quite
how I feel about it I'm gonna try it a
little bit more before I come at y'all
with like a full review but Neutrogena
shampoo as you can see I can see y'all
this shampoo is an anti residue formula
supposedly to help break down build-up
out of your hair and as you can see it
is completely clear the third thing I
will say is to shampoo more than once
I always shampoo at least twice when I
am washing my locs the first shampoo
usually does not lather very well it's
basically just breaking down the dirt
that is on my scalp and in my locs and
getting them and ready to be washed away
it's on the second shampoo or sometimes
even the third shampoo that I see the
dirt actually leave my locs and also I
get a really good lather which is what
you want most of these clarifying
shampoos if you're using them once and
they're not really lathering you're not
actually getting your hair all the way
clean you need to use them a couple of
times to make sure that it's getting all
the dirt and debris out of your locs
so make sure you get a good lather even
if you're using african black soap even
though I don't think you should even if
you're using dr. Bronner's peppermint
whatever or whichever dr. Bronner's soap
you're using you should have a really
good lather like an absurd lather your
hair should be engulfed in lather and
that's how you know that you are
actually getting your scalp and your
locs
squeaky-clean so I always recommend
shampoo at least twice every time you
are going to shampoo your hair the first
time breaks up the dirt the second time
removes it the next thing is wash your
hair in sections for me I always thought
I was distributing in the shampoo really
well because I couldn't actually see
what I was doing in the shower it wasn't
until my husband saw me washing my hair
that he was like you know you're missing
a whole section of hair that you haven't
liked there's no shampoo there at all I
was like what really and it was like so
frustrating so that was what prompted me
to start washing my locs insect
so what I do is this I separate my locks
in half and I take my shampoo I have the
nozzle on to demonstrate but I separate
them in half and I start from the back
and I go a straight line down the middle
and then I work that shampoo in so down
the middle then I come to this side and
I put the shampoo sort of like three or
four sections down the side of my head
so I'll start here put a row go about
half way put a row go three quarters put
a row the last quarter put a row then I
take this side and I work it in and make
sure that I'm really massaging all the
shampoo in but I'm only focused on one
side of my head at a time and I've used
my middle line of shampoo to kind of
know my line of demarcation of where I'm
not working anymore then I go to the
next side after I feel like I've worked
it in good here I'll leave it in and I
go to the next side and do the same
thing putting it at three to four
sections of across this side of my head
and then shampooing and scrubbing and
really working it in with the balls of
my fingers of course as we all know and
then I rinsed my whole head and finally
I repeat that again as many times as I
feel necessary until I get a really good
lather and that's how I know that the
shampoo has been evenly distributed over
my whole entire head and I'm not worried
about possibly missing a section that
doesn't end up getting clean so that's
what I would really recommend if you
need to incorporate some kind of holding
time maybe you want to shampoo your locs
in four sections instead of two whatever
the case may be as long as you are
cognizant of how many sections you have
and working through your whole head I
feel like I will really benefit you to
make sure that your hair is getting
completely clean every time you wash it
finally I know this is talked about a
lot but I really feel like it bears
repeating you need to rinse
really really well it's almost like it's
on the same caliber of importance as
shampooing twice I would say rinse your
hair really really well and something L
notice is that people are just kind of
like so I'll watch I'll watch other
people in the loc community do their
wash day regimen right and show on
camera how they're washing their hair
and then they get to rinsing and they're
just kind of like casually I don't know
if y'all are just trying to look good
for the camera or what but you just
gotta
casually you know letting the water
slowly cascade off your locs and I'm
just like that's you're not getting the
shampoo out like you're not you really
need to get in there if your showerhead
has a more intense setting put it on
that and if your showerhead is removable
even better use that put it right to
your scalp get really in there and
really rub another thing I recommend is
getting the water in your hair and
squeezing don't twist because that can
sort of mess up your hair at the roots
and make your hair thin but squeeze the
water squeeze it down through your locks
and let it really get in there so it can
then escape and take the shampoo residue
with it another big thing with rinsing
well is making sure that you're rinsing
long enough I when I was first starting
off with my LOC journey I would actually
set a timer on my watch because it's
waterproof for ten minutes and made sure
that I was standing under the shower and
squeezing for 10 solid minutes to make
sure I had rinsed out everything I
possibly could out of my hair and then I
would go back and put it on a stronger
shower setting and really get in there
and have that pressure hitting my locs
and I would really recommend that now
and more or less can have a gauge of
clean like you get to a point where you
know what clean locs feel like you know
what you know that you've gotten
the shampoo out you know that your hair
is just good to go so now I don't really
need to set a timer anymore but in the
beginning that was crucial so yeah those
are my tips for washing locs I hope this
helps you if anyone has any other tips
please leave them down in the comments
below share the knowledge share the
wealth so we can all be living our best
squeaky clean lock the lives out here in
these streets don't forget to Like share
and subscribe if the spirit moves you
and I'll see you when I see you
