hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always
back again with Tramel jones of tdj
consulting and this is the final video
of this series this time we are talking
resumes three things that you should be
considering when crafting your resume
alright so FYI resumes is like my
favorite thing I don't know anybody
who's gonna get as excited about resumes
as I do you really does there's three
things I want to talk about today and
the first is your resume should be
pleasing to the eye like I tell people
that it's always 50% content and this is
50% visual and so it needs to be pretty
I should also be able to scan your
resume without having to read it and the
way that you do that is you format like
information in the same way so that your
eye can go down and it knows exactly
where to look for the same thing all of
your position titles should be formatted
the same maybe they're bolded maybe
they're italicized doesn't matter it
should just be the same that way as I'm
scanning your document I know the next
time I see something that is italics
it's a job title because that's what you
did before right it should be the same
so everything should also be aligned the
same way so if you're gonna put dates in
a column somewhere it should be the same
place I literally am a stickler I will
take a ruler so that's important
stylizing and formatting your resume is
a really important to HR yeah so do that
and it doesn't enter and when you say
like it needs to be pleasing to the eye
this is very simple stuff we're not
talking about you need to have a graphic
designer or anything like that it's just
basic formatting
think about people like things that are
linear yes so think in those terms you
don't need don't don't send her saying
the word stylizing and automatically
think I am NOT a designer that's not how
she's saying well I'm I'm really talking
about using things as simple as bold
italicize and underline it yeah if you
can use those three three things as
themes in your resume you have killed
the game and you're gonna be great so
the second one is do not overload with
content people get very emotionally
connected to the words that they put
into their resume and they end up with
16 pages and nobody's reading that right
so your resume should not be so
complicated that it's like the sunday
New York Times crossword puzzle but
there shouldn't be hitting meetings and
they're like I should know exactly
what's happening and for me it's about
quick bite-sized pieces of information
so I don't want to you know go so crazy
that I explained and over explained and
then over explained some more I
personally like to keep an explanation
of a task to one line if you're going
over one line you're probably talking
about more than one thing and you need
to go to another line and talk about
that second topic okay but I like to
keep the explanation of tasks to one
line the third thing is this focus on
accomplishments if you and your best
friend has the same job every time you
switch jobs and did the same thing
should you have the same resume right no
you want to pull things that are
specific to you so that means that you
should be adding things like the
accomplishments section should be
something like the ideas that you
implemented the projects that you led I
was the unofficial morale officer I got
our staff to do things after hours like
have a bowling league play kickball
together I was I was the morale officer
and I
resume because that's something that
makes me specific to Who I am
yeah that's what your resume should
boast about I already know like what's a
cashier I know what a cashier does right
I don't need you to teach me that right
but how did you make being a cashier of
the most amazing thing ever
now if you're in a situation where you
don't have a lot of accomplishments
that's okay
you fill that space with things like
volunteer work things you've been doing
in your church other organizations that
you're really passionate about that's
how you set yourself apart from other
people's resumes that's it I want to
come back to this idea of the length and
well here's this something I was like
actually completely different sigh okay
what is a difference and this is coming
from someone who is in a creative
industry where resumes aren't really
that used actually you know it's more
like a real for someone like me what is
a resume versus a CV oh that is such a
good question so see V stands for
curriculum vitae and what that means is
you're gonna get really specific about
all of the curriculums all of the times
that you've presented all of the times
that you've been published for you the
all of the times that you've worked on a
project and you want to give specifics
for every single one so maybe you were
producer for 10 video shorts that were
turned into a documentary you need to
give all that information for every
single one right that's a lot of
information so the two things that are
not supposed to be one-pagers our CVS
because they are going to be very
lengthy and a federal resume a federal
resume is going to be very specific they
have a very specific format that they
want they want additional information
like the name of your supervisor they're
going to want the location they're going
to want
how many hours of work you worked a week
they're gonna want to know your pay all
on this resume so I just did a federal
and Jesus that was it was taxing but I
made it through and I'm still alive but
yes so federal resumes and CVS are gonna
be much more lengthy and they're
supposed to so there is no rule on how
many pages you do for those in the in
the times when I was in more career in a
different career path but in different
jobs where a resume or a CV was
something that I'm like they wanted to
see I even find that I feel like
employers don't use these two terms
interchangeably because they're like oh
I played your CV and I'm like everybody
uses these interchangeably and like I've
even had conversations with clients who
are like yeah I'll send you my CV I'm
like are you gonna save me are you
something resume right I need to know
right and then I realize that they have
no idea what they talk about yeah
so they send me like a one pager and I'm
like okay this will be fine
but yeah I think that some people do and
you know I think some people think that
CV is just a fancy way of saying resume
yes oh they'll use that to sound
exciting it's not it's really something
else yeah one other random question
mm-hmm how do you feel about templates
that are like in Word and things like oh
my god so I could go on and on and on
for days about this but I'll keep it
short and sweet okay
so I'm gonna tell you the technical
reason why those are frowned upon okay
and I'm gonna really try and keep my
personal reasons out okay so when you
are applying online and you upload your
resume yeah your resume has been read by
a computer program that will pull
information from that resume and place
it into the application making it so
that you don't have to type
as much mm-hmm there's a little-known
rule that program can't read inside a
box a template on word is nothing more
than a box so literally what you're
doing is you're killing all the
information the program will not read it
wait wait
so is this why people will sometimes get
that message where it's like a meme
going around where people will be like I
put in my resume and then the next
screen is like put it type all your
information is that what this yeah
you're welcome okay okay so some so let
me explain to you this I love the look
and feel of templates they're pretty but
for me I hand format everything yeah
that is a little-known fact I really
should tell my clients that more because
I don't think that they know so much the
value of that I have hacked Microsoft
Word so much so that I like go in the
backend and clean out stuff so that when
you upload everything should go through
that there's there's also this word
that's being thrown around and it's
called ATS so it's application tracking
systems this is really what people are
referring to their formatting your
resume so that when you upload it at all
gets taken into account right so if you
want to use a format on Microsoft Word
because you are under the impression
that you have absolutely no idea how to
create a resume I get it for looking at
it and saying oh it's telling me that I
need to say a date it's telling me that
I need to say the location at where I
work it's telling me that I need to say
this just look at it and say okay I'll
compile all this information over here
and then you format it yourself
yeah now for some people that's very
hard for some people using Microsoft
Word is like they're at step like one or
step two right where I'm at step 9025
right right so that
is really the purpose of hiring a resume
writer not only to check your content to
make sure that the way that you're
describing tasks makes sense but to make
sure that your resume is usable in so
many ways yeah here's the workaround
let's say that you did use a template
and it's so pretty that you are never
going to stop right I get it
some people that talk to that what you
can do is create a text-only resume and
that is where you literally kill all the
formatting and you have this very ugly
document that nobody ever sees okay but
you upload it when you're doing your
applications online that should be able
to get all of your information into the
application so that you don't have the
type again and you can use a format so
if you use this template that is
formatted in boxes which all most the
templates are you can save that as a PDF
and only use that when you are sending
it to a person right so I'm sending my
resume in an email at a hiring manager
hi hiring manager here's my resume for
your review boom that is when you would
use a pretty template that saved as a
PDF otherwise stay away from the
templates man welcome okay final thing
okay word banks yes I mean we can talk
about word banks I use a lot of word
banks myself because sometimes it's 3:00
in the morning and I'm working on
somebody's project and my mind is just
not working yeah but don't overdo it now
when we're talking about word banks
we're talking about using adjectives or
adverbs for your resume things like
for me I do like to start all over my
lines with an action word okay and so I
have used some word banks to to go back
and make sure that that happens
one of one but when it's like managed
assess yeah provided yeah so you can use
them put sparingly okay really in all
honesty you don't you don't want to
overdo it because people can see right
through inauthentic things yeah if
you're starting to use all these fancy
words and there's no real substance
behind to show that you actually did
things then it's pointless and you have
wasted that space yeah so what I tell
people is first create a resume that is
as simple as possible nine times out of
ten you won't meet another version but
if you get to this point where you're
like okay I'm that level two and like
I've got some more experiences and these
are the buzzwords that we're using in
the office okay go ahead add those but
nine times out of ten for my clients
it's not best for them to go and find a
word bank and just start plugging things
in cuz they probably will misuse the
words so I I would say I would frown I'm
saying that yeah is that helpful this
has been so helpful I don't even really
much like me to resume this like again
for me and my profession is more of a
real but but four people are in service
industries I think of that as a resume
there's still some components that need
to be added right right and it's not so
that I can insert myself and be like who
hire me but it's just about my whole
purpose in life is to make sure
everybody's marketing themselves the
right way right and so you want to add
value that eight-and-a-half by eleven
that is the space where I run the world
right
and I want to add as much value into it
as possible and so for you your real or
wherever you post that is where you
should be adding all of your value so
yeah this is such a great wrap to this
series all right everyone so that is a
wrap to this series feature inch from
Mel Jones of tdj consulting again if
you're interested in talking more with
her or using her services link to
everything will be in the description
box I hope y'all appreciated this series
of trying to be somebody episodes
featuring her I really wanted to make
sure that I'm starting to shift trying
to be somebody into not only just
showing people's careers and whatnot but
also just talking about tangible ways
that you can achieve success wherever
and however you define it and whatever
and however you are trying to be
somebody so if you enjoyed the series
you want to see more consider purchasing
the shirt oh that's what helps fund this
and yeah and if you have any other tips
and tricks that you think that we did
the other time to Cairo please add them
in the comments below I mean I have lots
maybe I'll go add some more hey there
you go I'm police this is Janelle we'll
see you when we see
