my moisture regimen has laxed even more
than before again my overall goal is
always to avoid buildup in my hair so
less is always more something I have
started to do is play around with
essential oil blends mixing and matching
them depending on what I'm trying to
achieve maybe I've been working out a
lot and I want not only to moisturize my
hair but also give it a light
clarification I reach for these or maybe
I just want to make sure that my hair
exudes an aroma of relaxation to anyone
blessed enough to catch the wind under
my hair as I walk by then I reach for
these either way it always smells good
starting off with a good base of clean
water is a must today I'm doing a
combination of concentrated rose water
clove bud and my current favorite citrus
blend I add anywhere from 10 to 15 drops
total of whatever blend I decide to
create and then add it to my hair
finally depending on the day I'll wrap
my hair back up to act as a barrier for
the day and to help seal it all in
usually once I take the head wrap off
again after a few hours my hair feels
noticeably softer and smells amazing
what are some of your favorite essential
oils and how do you use them let me know
in the comments below and I'll see you
when I see
you
