hey everyone it's me hallease back with
another video so because I'm living my
best displaced life I think we're gonna
just get back to vlogging because that's
kind of how this has to go you know what
I mean I can't do my beautiful you know
set up nicely framed Holly SH with these
birds um so we're just gonna like get
back to vlogging and I feel like today
is a good day to talk about the new
microphone that I got I got the rode
videomic plus pro pro plus plus Pro I'll
put some snazzy b-roll and so I'm gonna
start using this microphone and just to
see how it works on a variety of
different settings also a reason why I
feel like this video should be all about
audio is because my friend Diego he's
gonna be at South by Southwest and he
asked me to film some b-roll of him at
South by Southwest and I thought man my
current mic setup for on-the-go shooting
that's not that's not gonna cut it but
then I heard about this mic I was like
time to invest one thing I always do is
I always try to wait to invest in new
gear until I actually have a situation
where I know I will use that gear so
that's what we're gonna do today but
first things first let's go get some
drink something I will say already is
that I love how this microphone
automatically turns on when your camera
turns on like that's invaluable but yeah
you know something I also will say about
audio is that a lot of times there's so
much footage that I have that I've shot
with the intention of doing something
with it on this channel that never ends
up seeing the light of day and a lot of
times it's because of the audio and I'm
just not satisfied with the audio
quality again I think a lot of it has to
do with its AG audio classes in college
and it just with some it's just
something that's super top of mind for
me you know it's kind of like I I don't
know maybe it's the way Peter McKinnon
thinks about his b-roll and like it's
constantly just thinking about b-roll
you know for me it's like it's audio I'm
constantly thinking about audio if
there's too many blips there's too much
background noise like it just
oh it upsets me and which is another
reason why I'm doing this whole section
outside right now because I want to see
how good it sounds like a plane is about
to go over head cuz I'm near the base so
there's a lot of planes all the time for
example you know again this video is
about Diego and Tiffany
we went and hung out with them in
Houston and I have some footage of that
I'll probably cut it into this video a
little bit but that's before I got this
microphone and I wasn't really thinking
about audio hardcore the way I should
have been and so you know I'm just kind
of iffy about it I don't know
I think somewhere between like a bikini
hash thing
this is actually a really good test
because I'm an Indian offi
which is where I usually go most days in
the morning to grab a latte and also do
some work and they usually always have
pretty decently volumed music here so
much so that I wouldn't usually feel
comfortable shooting a video in this
space but I want to see what this new
microphone if it's so directional that
it can still pick me up even with the
music in the background
now what I've usually been using to vlog
is the rode videomicro which is this
little guy and I've done reviews on it
and everything and this is a great
little microphone it costs around $60
and I would highly recommend it
the thing is I just feel like I've
outgrown it you know and I've noticed
that at times it can be difficult
you get the quality of sound that I want
on the go which is why usually when I'm
doing sit-down videos such as this I'll
have my upgraded roadway correctly
positioned in front of me the way I like
when you're running and gunning this
thing automatically ups your audio very
quickly but if I can run a gun with a
little bit better quality audio can't
beat that
so if this does sound good and you were
able to catch everything I just said
well even with the background noise of
this coffee shop and the background
music I will let you know what settings
I'm using on the road Pro down here in a
pretty little graphic of some type of
way so for comparison here is the audio
here in the coffee shop background music
people doing things and me talking or
using the road video of
and I'm going to assume that it's not
too bad and you can hear me relatively
well but it is still the background
noise
is less more is less like an ambient and
it's more and probably inherently
distracting
and that's what I'm talking about that's
the difference
I'm in Austin now so location switch a
so we're in a restaurant
so there are forks clinking ice there's
a sound of ice there's people talking
there's a beat music you know eating
good evening the hypothesis i-75 right
now hello
the high pass is at 150 so the game is
up
in this moment can you say that the high
pass is that 150 all right so the high
passes out 150 outside now
so there's wind there's a little less
clinking and clanking but still some
people talking birds all right so I
found diego's booth Jaime and I think
he's already demoing the game so we'll
see what ends up sounding like hopefully
you can hear him hi so we're at a South
by Southwest
game Expo 2018 this is the IGP a booth
also known as the awesome game devs
booth they were kind enough to offer me
some demo time at one of their tables
which I am super grateful for because
it's very very difficult to to get in on
something like this when you don't have
a budget
yeah I'm demoing aqua Ledger's my
competitive treasure hunting game it's a
split screen platformer where players
explore the level to find gold and
different kind of treasures and bring it
back to the treasure chests score points
I like to think it's like difficult to
try to explain it and not sound like a
crazy person but
it's the type of thing where like it
actually really comes together when you
see people playing so I'm pretty happy
with how it's coming along so far people
seem to get really excited when they're
playing it yeah it's something I'm
really so after doing a quick sound
check on my laptop that sounded pretty
good I found that having the high pass
up to 150 was enough to ensure that da
goo came in clear without completely
obliterating the background noise
have you tried this microphone or have
any audio tips or tricks let me know in
the comments below
I'll see you when I see you
