they say all you got to do is stay black
and die I guess you did that okay so to
start off what is your name my name is
Melvin Jenkins back then they called me
jinx death seems to be the great
equalizer of us all there is a void now
that I see with him he'll keep living
without you because that's the thing
about life you have to live it
it doesn't pause for laughter it doesn't
wait for you to grit your teeth and bear
it it does its bit and moves on leaving
you to figure it out to live in a new
reality
can you bear to watch me make sure I
don't jack up that
I hear no comment on that yeah Toby your
day to watch me okay I need 750 salutes
maybe what is level 1605 eight okay you
were there for most of this checking in
cracking jokes telling him everything he
was doing wrong and now you're gone now
you're just a memory fractions of
thoughts moments I'll desperately try to
recall the older I get making up a story
seems pointless to me the real world is
wild enough I carry my camera with me
and attempt to capture real stories real
moments real people so they become more
than just memories they become evidence
a snapshot of my truth they live on in
some way in some fashion so there's at
least a ripple of a whisper of what once
was it's my feeble attempt at
immortality I don't want you to be
forgotten I guess for now I'll just say
this I'll see you when I see you
