so my dad and I are still working hard
to restore Jedediah my 1987 Jeep Grand
Wagoneer
yes we need to clip that brown on there
and very savory work put the growth on
the berry oh yes
old jet has now officially been moved to
my house so that way my dad doesn't get
in trouble with the homeowners
association something about maintaining
a certain aesthetic in the neighborhood
whatever Jedidiah though just FYI
now reliably run today we needed to
finish up wiring the windows while we
wait for the new windshield wiper wiring
harnesses to arrive which will be enough
for Judd to pass inspection I'm happy no
more oh ok ok
I won't go up there okay you gotta issue
the gallery no I won't go
what at work
we control it from that group and work
thank God once he passes an inspection
we can legally drive him on the road and
get the speedometer checked and
calibrated and make sure everything else
is really shifting like it's supposed to
some wrong with it Richard
probably making it go down
the mobile wait here no bro
there's a film or some time with you
growl low growl Mardan is well one it's
a play
this one right here and let him know
it's right no that one oh wait where'd
it go
it ain't there uh it got little dah okay
all right okay well that explains all of
that
after my dad left I cleaned up and
welcome to my friends to Jaeger when
Tiffany down from Austin they were our
neighbors in the duplex we used to rent
and when we realized we were moving away
here to San Antonio they were a couple
that mr. hallease and I agreed to make
long-distance friendship work with so we
invite them down every now and then to
drink play video games and growing
telecaster like hold it such that you
get a better angle
Oh living my best life involves helping
my friends Frangelico consent do you
mind being in DC and of course up so
high your situation is your watermelon
margarita watermelon mango orange
margarita honesty sorbet this is very
alcoholic it was alcoholic I mean I was
still eating it it's not one shot did
you really are
like that so Scott now how's the
shoulder
so it's a shot how meny okay we don't
know how much watermelon it Diego took
my camera for a little while to try out
being a videographer and I must say I
like the style is Michel Gondry s style
he's got going it makes me want to
attempt to do a vlog in a non-stop
continuous shot but production value
will definitely need to be up for
anything like that to happen
nevertheless thanks for the creative
inspiration Diego broccoli
cleanse what we have to linty to split
up get back home for them like I'm
chasing your house or anybody you know
what I like to drive a liquor melon
liqueur Melana
Justin yeah vodka amazing whoa
the next of excrement
selling money
all right ready
you try watermelon mango orange
margarita sorbet
hi I need a shorter name for it mm-hmm
were lit on it just not I need another
bite another my class mm-hmm yeah the
complexity is no the flavors really
helps mellow out some tequila
this is Fezzik they're awesome dog with
an awesome underbite tiffany is a
chemical engineer so it's really fun and
interesting to see what she's
experimenting on in the desserts
category currently she's been trying out
different types of artisan jello
concoctions like this is like fancy Joe
should I just dig into it
the best in life it will fast you could
you could kind of place the little tiny
bits on the top really where I'm this is
my vision mm-hmm line in coconut hmm
frankly coconut I could appreciate a lot
more by itself
hmm but then it gets overpowered by the
line yeah cuz one has more coconut cream
in it and then the lime would not want
to San Diego are those people that you
have a rare chance to meet that
instantly bring you joy and it's not
just you it's something about who they
are at their core they just they just
have joy built into them I'm always
happy to see them they're always more
than welcome to stay as long as they
like and they're just really easy to be
around the older I get the more I
cherish those types of people
Diego's in the process of designing a
video game that's actually really fun
when you get closer to wrapping it up
I'll try to get him back on here so he
can talk to y'all about it it's really
cool we've been playing
after they left I spent most of the day
editing and getting ready to push out
content on this platform
hey everyone is Lee Hollis and I'm back
with a hair update everyone reallys so
something once you're doing is like
commentary on some of the film's videos
that I produce on this channel hey
everyone it's me hallease back with
another video so all three of these
pieces are now live on my channel go
check them out if the spirit moves you
so after my father and I figured out our
grounding issue he had to take off back
home but he left everything at my house
so I could finish wiring up the doors on
my own
actually really like wiring because it's
a very basic concept complete the
circuit now there's multiple ways you
can choose to do this and you can get
creative but at the end of the day
everything needs power and ground that's
it it's a puzzle that you can make as
complex or simplistic as you want
hardly any brute strength is required
and because of the simple nature of what
you're doing it's also easy to
troubleshoot my father always wanted me
to be an engineer growing up he said I
had a knack for this stuff a chip off
the old block and things like such as so
you can imagine his devastation when I
changed my engineering major in college
to film then got him and my mother
didn't cut my funding after that I see
film as a form of engineering I'm
building a story with the pieces that I
have just like I would wire in a car
most stories have a basic three act
structure the question mark what's gone
wrong exposition where are we trying to
get you the exclamation point what's the
conflict how are we raise the stakes
and finally the period the end of the
story how you get through each of these
is up to you and there's a million
different ways to find each of them and
exploit them but the overall steps are
the same the question mark the
exclamation point the period anyway this
feels like a good place to in the vlog
so if the spirit moves you like share
subscribe
I'll see you when I see you
