hey everyone it's me hallease back of
the video so a question that one of
y'all snapped me because I was telling
y'all that I was running out of ideas
real quick for Veda is how I stay
productive and what do I do and that was
I thought oh man that's a really good
question I can make a video about that
for sure so there's a few things that I
do to stay productive and over the last
year and a half or so I've really gotten
I feel better at being more productive
and a lot of it has been just about
incremental discipline and incorporating
scheduling and discipline into my day to
day life and grind so the first thing I
did was start an accountability group
with my friends and you saw them in Veda
day one we have this group and we meet
once a month and I think it's actually
been a year oh wow yeah it's been a
complete year since we've been doing
this and so what we do each month when
we meet is we set what our goals for
that month are it's usually around 3 to
4 goals you know when we come back in
next month we check in to see how those
goals went do we need to continue and
stay on top of it and add it to the next
month or what hindered you was it a
financial hindrance or was it well
you just see the weight things like that
you know life happens but basically we
end up being the trial and the jury for
each other of like why didn't you
accomplish that I mean what really held
you back and a lot of times it is about
just admitting that you're being lazy
and I think that's what's good about
having the accountability group is that
it provides that much quantifiable lack
of action that you
they have when you're trying to better
yourself so that's one thing to do
starting an accountability group is a
good thing and I would once again I
would recommend maybe a week meeting
once a month or if it's a group but if
it's maybe just you and one other person
meet once a week and it doesn't have to
be meeting in person it could meet being
like video chatting or something like
that once a week to check in on what
goals you've set for yourself for the
month so that's like the big overarching
thing accountability group it's a great
way to help you stay productive in your
own personal goals aside from what you
do full-time or in conjunction to what
you do full-time a lot of my goals are
actually about getting better at my
full-time job and making sure that I
always bring value to the company that I
work for I'm a technological front there
are two apps that I tend to use
generally up to help with my
productivity one of them is called cold
turkey it's an app for your computer and
essentially what it does is it blocks
distractions off of your computer I
learned about this app from Thomas Frank
and yeah I have a work distractions
blocker that I usually set for 8 hours I
mostly have cold turkey to block
facebook and tumblr for those are two
sites that really eat up a lot of my day
I will spend so much time on those two
applications and honestly a high key I
hate Facebook because it just becomes so
negative and the bombardment and you're
just like you just have a low-grade
anxiety for most of the day that just
isn't necessary
and the thing about doing that too I
think is that once you do that for a
couple days and you you know the cold
turkey lifts and you can go on those
sites again you'll realize how much you
like aren't missing so now I don't even
really eat cold turkey that much anymore
which is really cool the second app I
use is forest it's an app that I
actually learned from shameless Maya
where it basically allows you to be more
present you know and just not be on your
phone all the time and you set it up
instead of timer and it starts growing a
little tree and if you hit the timer
amount that you set for yourself your
tree is alive and you have you start to
literally grow a forest it's really cute
it's really you know it's a nice little
gimmick and it's great and so those are
like the two major apps that I use to be
productive finally the other thing I do
is built-in to my work schedule which
this might be harder for you if you work
in an actual office I work from home as
you can see so for me I can have this
sort of flexibility in my work day but I
find that I'll set a timer using my
Alexa for outside a timer for about an
hour and work and grind for an hour and
then once the timer goes off I'll take a
15-minute break and usually that
15-minute break I just go for a walk
around my neighborhood I do that walk
come back I feel refreshed and I just
set a timer again for an hour and start
grinding again like that has really
helped me stay productive consistently
throughout the week now all of these
things you know you can do in
conjunction with themselves and they'll
help but I will see that burnout is a
thing you know I have noticed that when
I do my our timers and 15-minute walks
combined with you know
cutting out social media and all of
these other things yeah I get a lot done
but usually by the end of the week I'm
pretty burnt out because I've been so
consistently productive and focused that
it like hurts a little bit so I would
really also stress finding balance for
the people with periods that are
watching this video too keeping in mind
that just in general because of your
natural hormone cycle you are going to
be more productive at certain times of
the month depending on where you are
hormonal II I find for me that usually
the week or so after my period I am
extremely productive I have an obscene
amount of energy and I don't really need
much sleep and I can get a lot of stuff
done and then right after my fertile
window ends there's a downswing where it
just seems like no matter what I do I
cannot get things done as fast as I
would like to get them done and that's
just kind of because of the hormone
fluctuations that people with periods
have through the month
and so knowing that about yourself too
can really help if you have some
flexibility and projects and things like
that you're trying to accomplish I try
to figure out when about I'll have that
kind of high energy peak and spike and
plan to be really productive during that
time and then you know when I know I'm
gonna be kind of like what and I'm just
not gonna really want to do anything if
I can plan and get the big things done
before that time then it's okay then I'm
kind of
you know find the balance so you may I
hope this video helps with your
productivity and you know you can get
things accomplished yeah that's me I'll
see you when I see you which will be
tomorrow because it's beta
