it took me some time to get on board not
because I wasn't happy for her
I'm just a very visual person the
concept of existence from essentially
nothing when you really think about it
is a little mind-blowing as I watched
her get bigger and subsequently had to
keep planning my life around when this
life form showed up slowly the
anticipation came in a way this feels
more like I'm getting a younger sibling
rather than a niece or nephew growing up
my mom and dad worked a lot to provide
for my sister and I and so my early
teens my mother worked as a nurse by day
and on the weekends at Sears to bring in
extra income my father and air force
tech sergeant worked on base fixing
medical equipment and getting his
undergraduate and master's degree at
night classes so my sister and I are
eight years apart so in many ways she
was more like a fan and mother or
guardian even after she graduated from
college started teaching and moved into
her own place she was still very
involved in raising me by that point
both of my parents had better jobs but
it required them to travel a lot so
roughly Monday through Friday I was more
or less alone my sister would check in
on me to make sure I was doing good
getting my homework done eating or more
often than not I just stayed with her
during the week she'd pick me up from
school late when I had band practice
she'd go to the PTA meetings if my mom
couldn't come when I was traveling
abroad for school and plant went for the
orientation even once I was packing up
and coming home from college anthem that
came up to pick me up and help me
pack up my dorm room so I'm excited for
her now she's mentioned to me a few
times about being scared of becoming
another scared she'll mess it up and I
don't understand why she's been a second
mother to me for almost 27 years now it
makes sense that things worked out the
way they did I needed her in my life for
the extra stability and she needed me to
curve any doubt and she could do this
I'll be here to help along the way for
it's no accident I found my way back to
San Antonio right now at this moment it
seems like blessings keep falling in my
lap hello my little nephew it's really
nice to meet you
you are blessed and highly favored and
you have a great mother
