a hat a head wrap a misshapen wig you
can tell a lot about someone by what
they were on their head or can't you for
me you know when I tie my Tobin every
day oh I've got a prayer at the same
time which is kind of like asking for
protection from negativity from enemies
from wrong-doers oppressors is
definitely a prayer for preparedness
there's this idea written by Emily style
discussing the importance of diversity
in education the idea is this windows
and mirrors in this series I'm going to
explore that I'm gonna hopefully provide
a window into a new culture that maybe
you don't know that much about while
also providing a mirror into my own I
didn't need to do that I left Texas and
I went to London I enlisted to help a
friend and fellow YouTube creator
beliefs of fatherhood so my talk is it
camera or to you I guess the camera will
try to be like here is that easier or
you can talk to me I knew that in order
to have a true candid conversation to
build this window I needed to ease the
potential for any tension and
acknowledge my own ignorance I'm gonna
go ahead and I do not know a lot about
Sikhism like at all
hmm people always come at religious
tolerance from like the white
perspective thing why people need to be
more tolerant another religion right but
I also know within the black media at
least in America like I'm sure they're
aware of Sikhism but they don't really
know what it's about
mm-hmm so do you mind being the
unofficial folk person for all Sikh
people gospel I'm waiting for this role
why do you personally cover
I feel like I somehow need to sacrifice
you know like God has given me a lot of
things a lot of blessings like I'm
healthy have I'm surrounded by a lot of
awesome people I got so many good
opportunities and families and
everything and there's one thing that
God told me there are other things but
there's one thing that God told me you
have to cover I mean I can't find any
reason not to it made me realize that
the worldly stuff is not as important I
have to understand what to prioritize we
are not alone in this world of ours
a suitable side to behold I call it home
which means the c20 nourished by love
and understanding so what beautiful
realities first thing I'll kind of begin
with is even just the name people will
refer to it as Sikhism definitely a
westernized kind of labeling of so
that's not even a word in our language
for us we refer to our faith as sickie
there's three principles that ground
Sakhi one is to recognize and always
remember and reflect on the presence of
their being of one God what that
essentially means is that you know it is
present within everything and everyone
that there's no single name for it that
God is unfathomable to the human mind we
exist within it while being a part of it
the second principle work hard earn an
honest living
and the other is to give back and so the
community so it's about being practical
and purposeful with your life
I'm moved to Germany in 2010 I took it
off I took off my job apparently my
intention was not so straight you know I
was born in race as a Muslim but that
was the time when I really dig in my
religion and really learn everything
from zero yeah because my warfare was a
Christian and he was asking me a lot of
questions about Islam I could not answer
at all yeah and then I learned it
together with my boyfriend
he ended up converted and I ended up
putting it back on that was like the
point where I finally understood my
purpose as a human being
my purpose as a Muslim I finally
understood that hijab is an obligation
because before I thought her job for a
Muslim woman was an option but actually
it said in the scripture and everything
it is an obligation but at the end of
the day it is your option whether you
want to follow that obligation or not
yeah yeah so tell me a little bit about
the Hitchin up you brat I just want to
tell people out there that you can wear
your hijab however you want and and the
hijab is it doesn't have to be only like
one color you can make it really
colorful and this is actually one of my
favorite two jobs because this is it's
so colorful and it makes me happy you
see it yeah what's um so there's like
okay so there's so many different ways
to wear a hijab right why do you pick
the style that you pick
so as for me why I chose this verse
because I'm from Indonesia I'm so used
to seeing this style and second because
it's simple I can rap and everything but
no I don't bother wrapping it's cultural
is there a practical purpose to you or
to your children yeah most definitely
during the times the key was coming
about it was like Tubman was reserved
for royalty
Sakhi has been against the caste system
and cost division so the idea of gifting
the community with hey you can rock a
turban it's like this is your crown you
are royalty when I tie my turban and I
keep my beard the way that I do I wear
my cutters my around my wrist it's one
affirming to myself that I adhere to a
discipline and a set of values and
principles my uniform enables other
people to call me out if they if they
not you know to check me if I'm not
adhering to that to those values but
also if they practically if they need
help like emergency situation it's like
bond that's you you know Sikh is bound
to help you
my whole teenage years I was I
definitely felt that minority thing and
I definitely felt like detached
displacement and I couldn't articulate
it at the time yeah cab you Larry
exactly yeah that's why hip hop
resonated with me I was for the first
time in my life hearing those themes in
music but I could appreciate the values
and the sentiments and the themes
because it spoke to me more than any
other style of music that I've ever
listened to prior to that you could do
it for love I could do it for peace you
can do it for this but we do it for
beats we can do it for money we can do
it for Sikh we can do it for this or do
it the least you could do it for change
you know saying like but if I did it for
him I was doing for ha you know the spot
right
you know the tunes almost like a slum
village type style yeah you know these
oh that's cool so very good oh there's a
hook right there Naomi that's ready from
Southwest Sydney represent that city of
Liverpool you're talking I'm wearing
right now is probably like the second
time and it was originally not this
color and I'm kind of sad that it's not
the original color anymore but you just
faded too much but in terms of like it
was a it was a much lighter blue and I
got pitches you know the pressures and
all that sort of stuff sound like I
reflect on that cover
you know turbans feel different like
each one feels different when you're
tied on in terms of like the weight of
the fabric how soft it feels when you
want one for over a period of time it's
it's it's almost like it you've wanted
in know my style so original I don't
want imitative you know I can think I
cannot think of this
where does she jump in that hit you job
but in general the most favorite moments
is always to be when I was on the street
in Germany or in Berlin and then someone
saying Salaam to me like I said I'm like
because you know as a minority you feel
free alone and everything you know that
there are a lot of Muslims in in Germany
but still you're the minority and then
suddenly there's someone acknowledging
that you are a Muslim so I'm really
happy to see the Muslim at this point
belief and I both had a similar thought
as the window in Tikrit his life became
a mirror for us how could we make sure
that Geeta still felt appreciated when
she saw us people who weren't Muslim but
definitely understood the feeling of
being a minority I mean just the fact
that you guys are very nice to me I feel
so appreciated even even if you don't
necessarily agree with the whole
submission and everything I mean it's
it's totally it's totally okay I mean
you can think whatever you like
but the fact that you understand and you
let me to be Who I am like this is my
decision to wear hijab and everything
and you're okay with it that's
more than what do you want people that
aren't in the faith to feel or know when
they see that's part of your face maybe
and separate from Ike just you as an
individual there's a same with insecure
it's kind of like it's so difficult to
walk this path that's kind of like
walking on the edge of the blade I think
I'm at a point in my life where just on
a personal level I don't have any
expectations from other people that's
how the community like I don't want
anything from people outside the
community in a sense of life I wish you
would treat us better I wish you weren't
so ignorant I don't have that
expectation anymore because like I
suppose there's part of me that feels a
sense of futility there's also a part of
me that's like I can't control anything
outside of myself let me focus on that
so what can you do now that I've shown
you a different way of living through
personal stories what can you do now to
incorporate that into your life I think
the most actionable thing you can do is
seek out the windows if you live in a
homogeneous area and it's difficult for
you to physically do that that's fine
you're watching me on this amazing
platform called YouTube where 72 years
of content is uploaded to it every day
seek out the windows of different
lifestyles on this platform use that
search bar to your advantage and let the
algorithm begin to work in your favor
thank you YouTube and the creators for
Change Program for giving me this
opportunity it's been a real blessing
I'll see you when I see you
- what - what you do it for I get ya
one-to-one so I guess yeah wants a one
too short for this believer and it's the
light what - what - what you do it for
why you want to what you do it for one
to one so yeah I do it for a bar I do it
for everything around me his mouth I do
it for world travelers in the unseen
people of the unsung song
you
