hey everyone I'm back with another video
for my locs so it's officially been nine
months since I started locking my hair
and I figured this video I would show
y'all how I separate or pop in my locs
I've just gotten out of the shower my
hair is in my little turban twist and
it's about 50% dry the turban list is a
pretty good job of getting out a lot of
excess water in my hair and I'm
following up with my moisturizer
rosewater glycerin and rosemary oil
extracts I then follow up I use apricot
oil it's a really light oil and I'll
take a little bit of it into my
fingertips and work that into my hair
another reason why I use in oil is a
good thing to do before separating or
popping your locs
on wet hair is that it gives you a
little bit more slip and so any loose
hairs that are in between locs or you
know in the wrong lock and you can you
can actually literally pull them out of
the lock and put them into the right one
again you never do this on dry hair do
this on damp or wet hair you'll see that
I'm moving pretty methodically but I
start at the temple of my head and find
my center part and then I sort of use my
index fingers as like as if they're a
rat tail comb and begin to sort of work
my way down to my scalp and separate my
hair I then take my fingers of this day
or a comb and comb my hair down and that
also helps to kind of loosen up any of
the loose hairs that are in the wrong
block I then go and basically work
through my head as if it were a grid I
start again at the temple and work my
way to the front of down down sort of
each natural part that my hair has based
on how I started my locks and I go
through and separate each row and once I
feel and every now and then you know
I'll get caught there will be a row that
I can't seem to separate from the neck
and I'll stay there and focus on it and
slowly pull and separate the hairs that
are in the wrong locks until I then
reach my scalp and to
separated accordingly I then do that for
my entire head going in that downward
direction and then after that I go back
again and go across and essentially I
make a grid the whole process takes no
more than 10 to 15 minutes and it's just
a good way to make sure that my locks
aren't beginning to join too much to
where it can be an issue especially
because I with my hair regimen I tend to
wash my hair about 1 to 2 times a week
depending on how active I am so doing
this every you know other wash or once a
month or so can really help making sure
that when I finally do go in and do an
actual interlock retouch out of my own
head things aren't too crazy you know to
get to this point
it took me interlocking my hair monthly
in the beginning for about the first six
months and then being able to go longer
in between interlocks
so keep that in mind if you're a new
person to locs and you're trying to get
to the point where you can just do this
for a couple months before having to do
a whole retouch up your locs need to be
a little bit more mature for this to
become something that can be beneficial
for you or that you can begin to add to
your regimen so I hope this helps thanks
for watching I'll see you when I see you
feel free to follow me on social media
the spirit moves you I try to push out
new videos every Monday at noon the like
don't quote me on that I'm in these
streets I'm trying to live my life in
trying to be somebody above all things I
will see you when I see you
you
