seven months locks take two instead of
just coming at y'all and talking to
y'all the entire time I figured I would
walk you through how I wash my hair and
just show you that entire process what
products I use etc it's a really simple
regimen and this is pretty much how I
maintain my hair now I wash my hair
about two times a week once or twice a
week depending on how active I'm going
to be during the week as y'all know I'm
trying for a 10k and things like that so
I'm running pretty often to start off I
use Head & Shoulders diluted head and
shoulders in an applicator bottle I take
about two quarter sized amounts into the
applicator bottle and then fill it up
about halfway with water and I work the
head and shoulders into my scalp
specifically I don't work it into the
shafts of my hair because it is about
just cleansing my scalp plus once the
head and shoulders gets rinsed out it
takes a lot of the dirt out of your locs
as well the first time I use the head
and shoulders it usually does not lather
the second time I shampoo it does lather
and after I rinse out all of the head
and shoulders and then take that same
applicator bottle and rinse it out as
well and after that to sort of condition
and close down my cuticles I use the dr.
Bronner's citrus organic hair rinse I
take about a cap size amount of that
pour it into that applicator bottle and
again fill it up with maybe two or three
four ounces of water and work that into
the shafts of my hair and again what the
citrus organic hair rinse does is it
closes down the cuticles to maintain
some of that moisture when you're using
a detergent like Head & Shoulders it can
be really drying and so using the citrus
organic hair rinse really does help
close down that cuticle that the soap
has raised and just help to like begin
to condition and
I hope to begin to help you retain that
water and moisture in your hair I
remember when I first started using this
products I didn't really feel like it
was making a difference and that was why
I told y'all I'm previous months that I
would withhold my feelings about it
until I experimented more with it the
last two months I haven't used it at all
I didn't use it at all and now I can
safely say going into month seven that
not using it and then again and then now
using it I do see a difference it is a
very minor using the head and shoulders
my hair is usually really brittle after
I wash with it because again the head
and shoulders really does take
everything which is why I dilute it but
but then going and then it's hard for me
to let get my hair back into a good
moisture after I wash for using the
organic hair rinse it really does help
to lay the foundation for the rest of my
hair regimen to maintain a good moisture
level so that I can continue to use
something as strong as head and
shoulders because my scalp needs it
event needs the benefits of it without
drying out the shafts of my hair too
much and so that's why I really like the
organic care of it
I um then begin my moisturizing routine
which is really basic it's super simple
along the shafts of my hair I use my
rose water and glycerin mix I spray that
all over my hair pretty generously at
this point my hair is maybe fifty
percent dry and I don't know what it is
about that rose water and glycerin combo
but my hair loves it like even though
I've added the water filter to my shower
and that has helped with the water
quality and the harshness of the water
there is something about that rose water
glycerin spray that just really just it
just makes nice my locks just feels so
great and say I cannot seem to replicate
it I don't know what kind of mood
I don't know but it just works then I'll
take a little bit of rosemary essential
oil about four or five drops and work it
into my fingers and then a little bit of
apricot oil as well and work with that
into my finger and work them into my
hands and I work that mixture into my
scalp only and that is just an extra
step to help maintain the cleanliness
that I've had for a few more days in
between washes and again with the
rosemary I think in the previous videos
I talked about I wasn't sure how much it
was actually working again I stopped
using it for a little while I had to
wash my hair so much more often
especially once I really got into the
10k training then when I started
incorporating the rosemary oil back into
my scalp regimen I could go a lot longer
without having to wash my hair so the
rosemary oil is a must it works so good
and so yeah I do that and then finally
afterwards I take a little bit more of
the apricot oil in my hands and I start
off from the back of my head and work my
way to the front because it is the backs
and the sides of my hair that tend to be
the driest and need the more need more
attention need more of that sealant
right to maintain this good moisture
level whereas the top doesn't usually
need quite as much usually the rose
water glycerin mix is enough to sort of
keep the top of my head
moisturize and that's my regimen that's
knit so I were you like I said I usually
wash my hair between once and twice a
week and that seems to be working it
seems to be often enough to maintain a
healthy scalp but not too often to where
I'm drying my hair out as far as
maintaining my locks I didn't I didn't
tighten
locks last month at all at the top or
the bottom and I haven't tightened them
this month either so I and I feel good
about it like I have about an inch of
you growth but it's not bothering me so
I will probably go another month before
I tighten my locks again I and I think I
am actually now pretty much officially
on a three-month schedule as far as
tightening goes you know I don't just I
just don't like the super a line to look
that's just not my thing this feels more
natural to me I like it better so yeah
for me it has become part of that ideas
like as soon as I could stop tightening
my hair every month or every two months
I want to do that and I think I have
officially gotten there cuz even now as
I wash my hair I'll go through and have
to pop and separate things a little bit
after a wash I do go in and kind of make
sure that everything is staying
separated separate things while my hair
is down if I need you let me know if you
have any questions for me about my LOC
maintenance and just questions about
locks in general and I will possibly put
them in next month's update because I
feel like I'm starting to lose topic
some things to talk about with my hair
because now it's sort of it's taking
care of itself now for the most part and
it's not really needing much for me
anymore
so yeah let me know if you have
questions things
I'd be more than happy answering I'll
see you what I see don't forget to start
your week with me I push out new videos
every Monday at noon central time and
make sure to follow me on social media
so you can stay in tune with everything
I've got going on I'll see you when I
see you
