non-hormonal birth controls take 2 hey
everyone it's me hallease
i am back with another clue voices video
this time we were talking about non
hormonal birth controls let me first say
that with all of these non hormonal
birth control is having conversations
with the person that you were intimate
with is important so let's get the first
one out of the way which is abstinence
abstinence can vary depending on your
definition some people don't mind just
you know grinding with some clothes on
and for other people they count oral is
still being abstinent etc but
essentially the idea being that you are
not having penetrative sex so penises
are not entering vaginas and therefore
pregnancy is being avoided abstinence is
100 percent effective when done
correctly next is female and male
condoms I think these are the most well
known forms of non hormonal birth
control out there basically this is
either a latex or latex like material
that you can put on the outside of a
erect penis or you can insert into the
vagina essentially they are one-time use
products you use them once during sex
and you throw them away you do not reuse
condoms but they can be very very
effective not only at preventing
pregnancy but also preventing STDs which
is good keep in mind that condoms can
and do expire look at the expiration
date and they can break the next method
is the withdrawal or the pull out method
that requires a lot of trust between
partners and requires a lot of
self-control and restraint on the part
of your male partner so with withdrawal
or pour of the pullout method
essentially when you are having sex once
the man feels like he's about to
ejaculate he pulls out from the vagina
and ejaculate s' somewhere else anywhere
else just not in you that is how you
prevent pregnancy it can be very
effective however because of the
spontaneity and the
that I think is inherent in sex it can
be very difficult to perform it
perfectly every time so once again
having a long conversation with your
partner about this method is very
important and also knowing your
partner's restraints and control and all
of that working up to the pullout method
is something that I have heard of
couples doing starting off using condoms
and then you know getting the rhythm
down getting the motion down and then
eventually moving to the pullout method
so there are options just know thyself
know thyself the next method is the
rhythm method or the calendar method or
the cervical mucus method it has many
names because essentially it is about
knowing your body's Anatomy and how your
body naturally shifts and changes
throughout your cycle one of the best
ways I would say to accomplish this
method in the most accurate way possible
would be to use your clue app use your
clue apps to monitor all of the
different things that you can to know
when you are most fertile and to avoid
that time flu if you are consistent
about putting your information into the
app will naturally let you know when
your fertile window occurs so don't have
sex during that time knowing things like
your body temperature and when it's
changing knowing things like your
cervical mucus and when it changes are
all signs of when you are the most
fertile and when to move try to avoid
sex during that time if not having a
child is your goal
the next form of non hormonal birth
control is the IUD basically it is a
little T like device that you insert
into your uterus it has to be inserted
by a medical professional you cannot do
it yourself and it essentially
physically blocks pregnancy from
occurring now the IUD is very effective
and can be used for up to 12 years
however it does come with a lot of side
effects to side effects so definitely
talk to your gynecologist about if it's
an option for you because some of the
side effects include prolonged periods
and increase in period pain and cramping
and also like breakout bleeding
breakthrough
things like that so it's a great option
but just you know have a conversation oh
another one is breastfeeding breast
feeding
so knowing that you're breastfeeding
your body is naturally not releasing the
hormone that allows for ovulation to
occur and so because of that you won't
get pregnant it's supposed to last for
up to six months after giving birth but
again you know all of these methods can
be used in conjunction with another to
be more effective
another method is spermicide now
spermicide what that does is essentially
it prevents the sperm from joining with
an egg it's usually like a kind of gel
or a paste or something like that and a
lot of times furrow side is used in
conjunction with some other kind of
physical device so a cap or a sponge and
essentially you insert those things into
your vagina with the spermicide already
on it and it helps prevent pregnancy
they aren't as effective as other forms
of birth control but are definitely
something that you can use as a backup
with the birth control that you are
using so if you have condoms and you
want to do spermicide on top of that bit
finally the last non hormonal birth
control that I will go over in this
video anyway is the vasectomy or female
sterilization and essentially what those
are are medical procedures that hinder
you from having children it can be very
very effective in fact so effective that
there many times cannot be reversed so
this is something that most people don't
get until they've already had the number
of children that they want to have or if
they are very very sure that having
children is not something that they ever
want to do with vasectomies and female
sterilization again it's really just
about knowing yourself and knowing what
you want for your future just to make
sure that you are well informed because
again it really it's not very easily
reversed if at all so yeah those are all
of the non hormonal birth controls that
I have decided to cover in this video
anyway if you would like to learn more
as
specially if you want to learn their
effective rates and proper usage and
technique definitely check out this
wonderful website put together by
Planned Parenthood I will link to the
website down in the description box if
not below if not at the bottom of this
screen but they really do lay out so
many different different types of non
hormonal and hormonal birth control
methods for you and how to do them and
best case scenarios and effectiveness
and so on and so forth
Planned Parenthood really is such a
great resource in the comments below let
me know if there's another topic you
would like me to cover with this clue
voices series I'm Hollies and I will see
you when I see you
