good morning guys what is up how are you
doing so today is Monday and Ashlyn are
filming something really exciting that
you guys have been really really really
wanting at I was gonna tell them what
we're filming today do you want to do
the honors I would love to you it's time
for roommate war it's been so long the
last roommate what we're doing okay so
we're doing roommate I've been so many
poles and I asked you guys like what you
want to see and I've asked you on this
on the vlog I've asked you what like
type of videos you guys want to see so
many of you guys wanted roommate wars
which I love roommate worries so we're
bringing it back it's gonna be Halloween
edition and I'm so excited
so are you excited are you excited yeah
so we have a lot of prepping to do a lot
of little stuff like that also I just
realized I forgot to put mascara on my
lashes let's fix that okay I feel like
I'm always forgetting to either like put
lipstick on I'm forgetting to put
mascara on it's just a thing guys look
hey what are you chewing are you looking
at the window okay um I definitely
needed to want some clothes my where we
love being come what are you guys doing
do you feel like Kylie Jenner
I got imagine if I actually cut your
hair no wig oh my god this guy's I'm so
excited to film this video we have a
full behind-the-scenes of filming a
roommate wars Ashley actually was like
we should tweet it out Instagram and
like show you guys that we're filming it
and I'm so excited I haven't done it yet
I'm excited to see all of your guys's
reactions though so we're filming the
very first scenes the opening scene and
Ashley's like going through Halloween
costumes and stuff my line what are you
supposed to be anyways you I mean isn't
it obvious
zoom out me surprise on the know you oh
dibromide just through the box and over
so like oh humanism in on her rummaging
yeah we'll cut once you get over there
and then we'll walk around you know I
mean but and do a few Oh does like we'll
do a few different versions okay go I
mean isn't it obvious you out me
surprisingly no oh okay oh wait did you
actually I was like did you know it's
fall season the degrees only has this
stuff you have to talk like Kylie tender
greens
that's not how she's hot I don't expose
can you tell us why you unfollowed her
can't no comment no comment
wish your inspo for this outfit for real
though how's it how you holdin up um I'm
really sweaty
it doesn't breathe yeah so good Taylor's
here party we worked on a board earlier
haha
so what's the game plan with us you know
we're just going so we can figure it out
it was pretty funny it's an idea our DIY
skills the test they are no Lord DIY
queen oh one two three that's cute oh my
god so good so good
you look hot she's like I know one two
ready go wait that looks really weird
I knew it - laughs - oh my god it's
ripping this is why I can't lean over
the kick part was amazing okay I'm gonna
give you two guesses to guess what this
one is this looks so good you're doing
really good honestly I'm putting a lot
of time and effort into this no this
looks so good guys we did a braid but
okay so thing is we were gonna film this
one today but there was so much prep as
you can obviously tell and there's
another whole part that I'm not gonna
show you I still tomorrow oh icon I I'm
so glad we did that it like me - oh why
not so good but yeah also I don't like
this so I can try to find a better
lipstick but Wow
truly you have one I think I'm sure I'm
sure I do the thing is as we get rid of
somebody makeup like they like we always
get crazy color makeup but I always lie
gonna eat that stuff yeah I'll keep it
but then the one time I'm like oh I need
a big white lipstick anyways um
filming has been going great and I'm
really excited for this video hey guys
update time so it is currently 824 P and
it was also such a crazy filming day so
sorry if it was on a little shorter side
but I was actually about to edit this
vlog and I was actually just on YouTube
and like Twitter and stuff
and I kind of wanted to just like
address some things and low-key kind of
say sorry for some stuff so this week I
uploaded the assister go shopping for me
at Gucci video as most of you probably
saw or maybe you didn't see but if you
did I knew there would be hate on it but
I didn't really know how much hey
they're gonna be on it I feel like I see
where people are coming from like if I
was to come across that video and watch
it I would be like wow that girls have
just spoiled brat like like you're so
ungrateful and all that stuff I kind of
I don't know like I don't know there's
like so many different things I knew
that there would be a lot of hate and
even before I put it up I had to
actually watch it and Remy watch it and
you know I was seeing their reactions
and I was asking them like it was this
part too much should I cut this out both
of them were like no you're so fine like
it's funny I love seeing the sister
Lipan turn dynamic and you never really
see that kind of stuff and like like I
am so sassy to Ashley like I will be the
first person see that and like I knew
that there was gonna be and I honestly
almost cut out a lot of it like me being
like you're acting so weird why are you
acting weird
I felt me kind of like shut down while
we were filming that like I got like I
don't know like it just like in my head
I'm like thinking like oh is it still a
good video like should we still film
this are people gonna be weird because
it's so expensive like if you guys know
me and you watch me box you know I do
like nice things but at the same time
like I think this is from Target or
Walmart like that's not that is me
literally and that's me I think I was
banking too much that my audience knew
the real me and would understand that
like oh this is just whatever I don't
know and I'm sure I don't know maybe I
don't know Oh Ashley even text me she's
like I see that there's like a lot of
hate are you okay we were like talking
about it that's when I realized how big
it really was like I knew it was gonna
be big but then I realized it was really
big this is the this is the T okay this
is the real T like last year when I
filmed the last sister go shopping video
oh my god this is real I told Ashley to
purposely get me something ugly so I
could like put it in the thumbnail I'm
being honest okay so in the last year's
video like that was the trend among all
of the video all of those sister chop
shopping challenges like I just want to
be so real and honest with you guys okay
just so you can like see where I'm
coming from on top of it it being weird
cuz it's Gucci I don't really shop at
Gucci like their style is not my style
for anything so I think that was
something else
they didn't take two into account so
Ashley and I didn't talk about it before
filming the Gucci video where I think
that's kind of why I acted weird and
then I thought she was acting weird
because in my head I'm like oh are you
purposely trolling me last year when I
told you to get something and then I was
thinking wait or or did you think I
would know you're trolling me so now
you're purposely trying to make it look
like you didn't know like that's where I
was coming from and I'm hoping this
clears a lot of but then on top of that
guys I like I know my sister so much and
like I knew she was smart like even with
the shoes I was like I know you would
never ever buy me this and I know you
know she did later say I didn't try on
the shoes and we talked about it
afterward she was like yeah I knew you
would hate those shoes I think that's
why everything came across wrong what
really hurt were like the comments
Luther can talk the comments judging my
characters but really kind of hurt
because I was like dang I knew I was
gonna get hate because it's money it's
expensive it's Gucci like who wants to
spend $4,000 like I was like that I just
I don't do that okay like I literally
don't do that so I was already weird
about that and then once I realized that
I was having a weird reaction and like I
was acting weird it feel like she was
acting weird like I knew that that was
gonna show on camera and then while we
were filming I was like this is a fail
video I like I knew it was just weird
and then I looked like the whole time I
was thinking about what are people gonna
think which is a problem I have anyways
it may work on so taking all that into
account I think I was also just kind of
excited because last year like I would
have totally cut and edited that video
to look so prim and proper and like
never to offend anyone and I would make
it so like clean wear now I feel like
I'm so excited to kind of like you know
I keep saying like guys I want to show
you the real me and stuff which like I
can I will agree that video is not the
real me but I think I got so excited
we're like I was like oh maybe I won't
cut it out I'm just gonna like leave in
our sister banter which maybe that was a
mistake I don't know if it was a mistake
I just kind of wanted to address all of
that not to change your mind you can
think whatever you want about the video
but I just wanted I wanted like say
sorry to the people who have supported
me for years and for the first time
maybe you're thinking like dang maybe I
don't know who you really are like that
isn't that video is not an example of
Who I am which I hope you would know if
you've watched my videos for so long
update it's now 1007 I don't know if you
can see that anyways we are just editing
right now
Wow yeah what are you editing are you
not out of day are you procrastinating I
just logged me I was actually out of day
but I was talking about the Gucci vide
and stuff but I feel good I like I feel
like I cleared a lot of stuff up I hope
it didn't come across wrong or anything
um I mean I don't want to like repeat it
all because I guess I guess I just said
everything that was running through my
head through that video and like the
thumbnail thing like last year I hope
people don't take that wrong I feel like
if you look at anyone who did that video
at that time everyone has an ugly outfit
you know yeah I may still chose
everything like on my own and even that
ugly item like I chose that on my own
actually you were really mean to me you
hurt my feelings
can you not do that please oh my god
guys here's another thing can I say some
tea right now I'm oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god i I've always assumed people know
this I've always assumed people know
this I've just never talked about that I
literally have never said this on camera
ever before like sorry you're so
confuses a lot of people don't know that
like I pay you to help me with my main
channel whether that's be in it or help
me film like I pay Ashley to help me so
it seems I've never said that I've never
ever said that I feel like that makes so
much more sense cuz it looks like I'm
like hey Ashley do this favor for me and
like go shopping for me and like pick
out stuff for me when in reality I'm
like yo girl I pay Ashley to help me
with stuff and I have for years ever
since you started filming me
five years literally like five years
because honestly it takes so much work
like YouTube is I could not do this
without her so I feel like when people
are I feel I figured it out when people
feel like I'm when people say I'm
ungrateful for like you or I treat you
bad I think that's when I'm like I don't
know like Deana and then of course they
don't know us like you guys know us but
like there's a difference between like
in person kind of stuff I can't believe
I can't believe we've never told anyone
that I feel like I assumed that to you
because in our vlogs like it's so clear
I'd be running errands for you and I
would be doing all this random stuff I
figure I feel like I
like solved like the world's biggest
problem of life I'm just I don't know
wow you used to like do like errands or
like do more like personal assistant
stuff sometimes which like you don't
anymore and that was something that no
one knows is like that was my choice
because I when we first moved like I had
to quit my job to move for school and
instead of looking for another job
Alisha was like actually I could really
use your help I desperately need help I
was like I'd rather pay you than a
stranger and I would much rather work
for you that's what I mean I get how it
looked and I don't I don't know guys
sorry this was such a long video like an
honest QA should we do I mean now we
just built the big t guys don't tell me
what my god maybe mission they don't
really know like the truth about our
relationship the truth about our
sistership or I guess that's Nikki
series okay this video is so long Ashley
doesn't hate me
she wasn't sad if anything she was
laughing afterwards she was like these
furry shoes I love you guys thank you so
much and I'll see you guys tomorrow
baby you didn't say bye
