good morning good morning guys happy
Saturday as you can probably tell I am
in this one's hello closet hi like oh no
I know anyway it's got the coffee got
the makeup gonna get ready we're kind of
having a girls day and I'm really
excited
honestly we did SoulCycle we she held it
morning
you killed it this moaning oh my god I
was like we're gonna get ready and I
don't literally have no idea what we're
gonna do today but yeah I know what
should we do like we have all day and
it's Saturday and we're in LA like what
should we do I don't want to shop I'm
not in a shopping me I don't want to
spend money and yeah I didn't mean it's
not she I think of like different things
you go to the last bookstore that could
be fun although I just watched this like
whole murder thing about it and that was
like part of it and like it was like
it's somehow tied to a murder like
something like uh-oh we're gonna call
for new doughnuts yeah we could do that
we could on a bulletin that over that
love me yourself a hole in a little
mirror you know we're gonna go yeah you
got me a mirror get ready with me and
Miss Remy
no no no I'm gonna sit here cuz I want
to say oh my gosh
she's never done this for me before guys
it's like as I'm vlogging Wow is this
what it's like every morning for you
well how I need it I wish I had a better
vanity set up I do love it I know it's
kind of hard I talk to them openly about
it I'm like oh I don't know if I should
but also this is massive like my drawers
don't really open so I have to know I
love it though cuz all your makeup whoa
not all of your makeup but most of it
this is there we love the Marc Jacobs
thing Wow
does that foundation looks stellar it
actually show using I just mixed a bunch
that I was hoping would match my face
color it looks great are you kidding
this is me anyone else ever so lazy to
wash your beauty blenders good
I'm usually good at it because it just
looks so bad when you don't but like how
is okay um options also benefit contour
Pro obsessed oh I love it
we can't play with you right now oh my
god oh my god I'm obsessed
she's so quiet
oh hey only like an hour later but
makeup is Dona I actually really liked
it today we straighten the hair we got
the makeup done we ready what do I wear
I look you think I'm just gonna wear
this sweatshirt with like a denim skirt
or something so let's do that
okay REM breaking the list what are we
doing today
followers control our next six thank you
so we decided we're gonna do a vlog
style followers control our day and
what's great is you already know that by
the title so we just didn't know that
till now so anyways we have some options
we went on live here are the options
okay reading you the options we have a
Samar or mukbang Starbucks or Dunkin
Donuts couples yoga or bowling so here's
what we got to do we need to put put it
out there what we want to do so do you
want to do - anology - and we just do it
with you okay which one you want do you
mind you first I already put up a few
holes the first one is should we do ASMR
or a mukbang so if our mukbang spinning
and then couples yoga or bowling so far
yup Yoga is winning so we need to take
one more pole we're gonna do it in there
is it allows this one camera okay oh my
god thank you we're only gonna do four
things cuz we only have four hours
that's like an hour per thing okay there
it is
what's this question Oh couples yoga oh
wait I did that oh wait dressing each
other dress each other up or what was
the other one oh maybe they make a music
video thanks for covering my sock yeah
yeah good so we are on our way to get
coffee because the first poll was get
Dunkin or Starbucks and we're gonna see
which one won
this skirt is so restrictive hey I think
I knew Starbucks would win really
excited look what one I was actually so
glad because this peak a pink drink
sounded so good but I wasn't you know if
they said if they said Duncan I was
gonna do Duncan
oh no same well thanks for choosing
Starbucks guys because oh good okay
what's the next one bong or ASMR
you want to look at my phone I'll look
at your poll on my phone oh and I
spilled coffee on myself just to Dana
life it's so weird okay
doo-doo-doo mukbang 60s
oh wait shoot there's Ralph's reddish we
just go there and get that yeah oh I
just this this skirt is so restricting
like my thighs are not okay testimon I
want to do a real nut going on my
channel you guys but I can't side of
like the spirit better or the ketchup
better
I haven't tired of that eggo waffle I'm
so sorry I'm talking with my mouth full
that's the point enough well Megan
that's a butt bomb are you doing third
pole was yoga or bowling couples yoga
one
okay my makeups up daytime we're home I
was actually editing all this and it was
hilarious and I was just like it's
really funny anyways if you guys want to
see more fun challenges their stupid
stuff like this on the vlog channel I
mean nothing so much for watching and
I'll see you guys really soon with the
new below
