good morning guys what is that welcome
to a ziplock I just had myself right
there awkward hmm
anyways my room is a disaster like an
actual disaster I filmed a really fun
video yesterday though also we have so
many snacks here it's a kind of amazing
Loki I actually might get at this right
now actually ate all the good ones oh my
god ash I know I know you had all the
good ones I'm not you hold on your girl
is oily like no other anyways what's up
you guys literally have been working on
such exciting things such freaking mmm
such exciting things and and like
legette some really really really really
freaking exciting projects and the thing
is I know that every single youtuber in
the world says that but then they never
tell you what its gonna be and then
you're just left hanging for a long time
and I promise within the next ooh this
is where it gets hard cuz I don't want
to promise if like I have to go back on
my word but 99% sure within the next
three weeks to a month I can announce
one of the very exciting things that are
coming up I look like like a 70s dude
and you see it like it's like the fact
that I didn't do my hair really anyways
I'm so excited guys guys the fireplace
is literally done I'm staring at it it
is done I cannot wait to show you oh my
gosh I
why is my camera being so weird okay I
tweeted the other day that the fireplace
was finally getting done I am staring at
it and it's all done glory I
I'm kind of freaking out is it oh no is
it no no it's fine anyways um so long
story short it's so exciting so they
started the other day I tweeted out that
it was happening and everyone was
freaking out and wanting to see pictures
but I wanted to hold off for the vlog to
show you guys because it's you ready are
you ready I did to get a little time
lapse of when they were building it and
I did a vlog asking you guys to pick out
tiles everyone said to do number for our
long story short number 4 it didn't even
work so this is a whole new tile you
guys haven't even seen I'm gonna shut up
so you can see it cuz most of you
probably already like past fast
forwarded passes are you ready okay
so if you forget here's the before
fireplace and here is okay three two one
ten tenten
oh it looks good on camera oh my gosh
this looks like a completely different
it's just it's completely different this
is crazy and the TV's up like I did be
up for another week I'm so excited
what but I'm not used to it this is my
first day seeing it I'm still completely
not used to it I'm kind of freaking out
still it's just like wow yes I'm
definitely loved it but oh my god oh my
god this is crazy this is crazy it's
like oh my gosh what I'm not used to
this so we ended up going with this like
really really pretty
white marble I don't know if you guys
remember last time but it used to have
like a little trim around the fireplace
and now it's just kind of all one I
don't know I don't know it's weird it's
so bright now
we really like it I'm just not used to
it I'm just like I keep staring at it
it's so crazy it feels so weird to have
our TV up there all I want to do tonight
is watch Netflix or something because
it's been so long since I've watched TV
with it mounted it's let me know in the
comments if you guys like it if you
don't again it's totally cool if you
don't because I'm at least you'll have
to look at it every day and unboxings
unboxings this is gonna be the new
unboxing setup Oh actually have I
actually have some unboxings to do I was
gonna put my phone here as like a mirror
okay I love love this let me know your
thoughts I'm like I know I'm gonna get
used to it but I'm just not used to it
yet and it's crazy but I love how this
background looks like purposely want to
have a background on the TV so it looks
cute okay we have very exciting news
this is we a joint effort because we we
have news you actually have a sponsor
for today's video and it is it glasses
usa.com and I smell a huge thank you to
them it actually worked out perfect
because I'm not even kidding you can ask
Ashley the other day I told her that I
needed some new prescription glasses
because I lost my other ones I know
they're here somewhere but literally
don't know where they are
then they reached out and I felt like it
was just kind of one of this these meant
to be things because there's kind of
weird it was almost like too weird it
was just like yo how did they know but
it worked out because now I got some so
I want to show you because they sent me
so many different glasses and this is
gonna sound really stupid I don't know
if they're gonna like this maybe they'll
make me cut it out I'm not sure I've
actually heard of their site for the
longest time like years but I didn't
know that their site was actually that
good like I don't like that sounds
really weird this is just on it like my
honest opinion for whatever reason I
just was never I didn't know how nice
the glass is where that they actually
sold on their until it they sent me some
and now I'm actually obsessed because
they have prescription glasses but they
also have sunglasses and a lot of the
ones a lot of the sunglasses you can
actually put your prescription in they
have Brabant like they have sorry I'm
like I'm out of breath because I'm so
excited
I love sunglasses though but you got if
you if you know me you know I am these
sunglasses Queen like I have a whole
freakin drawer full of sunglasses
because I love them so much and I found
out that they sold sunglasses
really excited first of all well I'm
gonna first Wow whoa Alicia calm down
it's okay I'm gonna have a link to all
the ones I'm showing you today in the
description so these ones are
prescription I'm nearsighted so it's
like I I can live without glasses but it
definitely helps especially driving and
stuff but these I'm just an aviators
girl I don't know why I love aviators so
much I feel like they just fit my face
the best but I'm obsessed with these
especially when they're a little
oversized these are the bigger of the
two sizes we love so I love this pair so
much that I actually got another pair in
the white and blue color which look like
this totally using my phone as a mirror
if you're wondering like on the website
I saw classes that were $30 and then I
also saw some that were really expensive
nice like luxury sunglasses glasses
glasses and I was like dang okay I see
you oh my god have I got it these ones
are so freakin cool they're definitely
trendy like the small sunglasses trend
is so n I'm absolutely I'm love these
love these these are so freakin cool why
can't I talk or anything
speaking of these small sunglasses trend
I think these are really cool especially
with like ice like I don't know like
it's it's cool it makes me feel oh wait
I have a loop now I'm not focus my
hair's like wow guys I'm obsessed who
love freakin love doing it there's
another prescription sunglasses that
I've been wearing this whole past week
but it's upstairs and I'm supposed to go
get it but I love them I love these and
then we have more prescription ones
which actually really like these I like
how they're kind of small I'm just like
you know yeah I'm gonna have all the
different styles that I have linked in
description box if you guys are
interested in one huge thank you to
glasses usa.com for sponsoring this
video i mean so much and yeah check them
out if you want sunglasses if you want
prescription glasses if you want
prescription sunglasses there's options
for you also we got some stuff from
gonna lamb glow exfoliating cleanser and
oh my god a bubble bubble a bubble sheet
my way oxygen oh my god these masks are
so fun they're the ones that like bubble
up all over and they get kind of weird
but like it's weirdly satisfying also
huge shout out to tart for sending
over these are literally I think the
cutest and makeup brushes I've ever seen
in my life like they're so freakin like
this little flamingo pink it's kind of
like not practical but it's so freakin
cute also this is something I've never
thought that I would see but it's a
benefit and pbteen collab it looks like
so I have no idea what this is but I
feel like we should open it okay this is
literally so clever benefits one of
their main like quote slogan things is
hello gorgeous
and pbteen is like a you guys don't be
we do not maybe they did a collab like
room decor that's really cute I love
that and then last but not least but
Puma sent me some shoes which is so
exciting it looks like it's the Selena
Gomez collab because I know that they're
doing a whole bunch of stuff together
these are really really cute these are
so freaking cute oh my god I love these
I feel like I'm gonna wear these a lot
oh my gosh Thank You Puma and that's all
my unboxings for today I hope you
enjoyed oh okay I figured we could make
a little run to the base place I
literally was just craving Starbucks
that's where we're going and there's no
when there's no lot well this is no line
and there's a dumpster this is a great
view man I'm just like I don't have my
energies just low maybe I'm just getting
old I don't know I mean but maybe I'm
just getting old no I feel like my
Energy's just been kind of low lately in
general yeah I'm like I'm really tired
it also could be the video that I filmed
yesterday
ooh what do I want man fun fact I
actually really don't like pumpkin spice
lattes even though they are out now see
I'm tired we're all would be well
if you literally move up like us boy I
can place my order could I get an iced
caramel macchiato
but with almond milk I'm just a grande I
know that's all okay thank you
Hey
oh my god I should do this thing where I
pay for the person behind me I used to
do that literally all the time I just
looked oh my god I'm gonna buy your
coffee and now she looked at me and now
I look like a freakin creep I like like
a seven it looks like some 70s man who's
looking at her is like yo girl let me
buy you a dress thank you random could I
also pay for the card behind me
thank you Mike the cameras gonna fall
fall like every other time when I make
this turn we got the goods you got the
goods we got the goods I say - who got
the goods we got that good - said who
got the goods
I get it I'm not funny okay I get it no
one needs to comment it anyways I'm just
gonna go home and eat some food hey Club
you want go for a walk huh I'll take
that as a yeah yay wow I literally look
like I'm 12
what is up you guys good freaking
morning I really do look bad oh I do I
wish there was just filters like on
Instagram I could just be like maybe
it's the patch I don't know it's
probably the pigtails with no makeup
anyways what's today - Saturday jum
Rae's here hi guys we're gonna go get
some food yeah we're gonna go get some
coffee so big surprise that's what we do
starting off the day right it's a happy
Saturday and you know what we both said
this morning we were like today we just
want to have a good positive day we're
gonna live positively we're gonna see
the good in everything we're gonna let
me blow out the candle to the house
doesn't burn down I did that a little
aggressively and then it came all my
face okay we're good that's cool
thank you I am so hungry
I don't know about you but I am starving
questions what did you have for
breakfast yeah thank you so much do you
guys have - Lulla this looks amazing oh
my god this looks so freakin good my
heart is happy oh oh oh oh oh my God
thank you so much fun fact I freaking
love Cholula
better there we go yeah I need to
separate my freaking typography like
that's my problem anyway also fun fact I
don't just like Cholula I like a lot
same with ketchup I'm on top like so
much
visual layout I really do want to work
on my tan because it's gone
thank you
I'm getting a nice oval box made with
vanilla
yeah she looks so good ready for this
one
hey I'm the first right it's been so
long since I've gotten on the first try
today's quote by another fun jet lag
from Santa Monica to downtown he's so
real we're walking we're like yo urban
should we go I feel like we should just
go
I can't reverse time we got together I
feel like I go through phases where I'm
at urban every single day and then when
I'm not for like six months just kidding
like mama
that's classic young cute new we like
the bucket hats when I was a kid I had
when I wore every single freaking day
it was Navy oh my she loved those love
those you should get they're so cute I
mean it's my face just that red probably
you know I think it was it the light oh
there is oh wait actually if I could be
better this way okay I do I feel like
I'm in high school
we literally came to Barnes & Noble cuz
we were like walking we're like yeah we
should convicts I'm like oh my god this
one's about like social media being an
influencer and stuff I'm gonna buy it
we're gonna read it it's actually has a
lot of knowledge in there that's a lot
of tips too because I feel like you know
like you're starting out Lauren like
I've been doing it for so long but I
think we're both like yo that's it helps
us but I recommend I literally go to
high school I would do this all the time
literally sit on the ground oh my god
I'm reading the full guide to happiness
I wanna see if there's anything else hey
I have that book oh my god no no no no
no no no no oh my god we've had such a
fun day yeah I'm still down to lay out
and so why is this lighting just like
not cute I feel like I should put makeup
on too
so I'm sitting here editing this vlog
and I realized I never ended it so I
apologize for that but yeah thank you so
much for watching and again shout out to
glasses usa.com for sponsoring this
video again all the links are in the
description box and yes I'll see you
guys really soon with me bug love you
