good morning dang it I always have to
freakin water water okay oh I don't know
if I can do this one-handed oh sure sure
sure sure
we're good hey my evenin frame good
morning guys what is up what is up so
I'm home obviously if you watched the
last vlog I was in New York for Fashion
Week and live with Kelly and Ryan and a
lot of other things I was on TV it was
kind of crazy if you didn't see any of
those blogs you definitely should
it's kind of cool when you like finally
move out of your parents house and you
can just do whatever and you can't get
in trouble have so much freedom you
don't get in trouble for being on the
counter Wow I guess I'm in a good mood
today can you tell I'm really scared my
camera's gonna fall I literally have you
guys just sitting hold on I'll show you
you're literally just sitting on this
tiny tripod like you're not bolted in
I'm bad I know I feel like I really
should care a little more hmm Club pull
you got the cutest haircut hi cool I'm
gonna show everyone your new haircut
isn't it the cutest thing ever
aren't we so freakin cute everyone
missed you babe they missed you you're
so famous oh my freaking gosh I love you
and now heels can't multitask guys you
know this I can't talk to the camera and
put on makeup and get out of the door in
15 minutes so I think
Laurens bracelet look at it oh my god oh
my god she's adorable
Lauren why is she so adorable it's not
even fair doe cute we got ready
personally put lipstick on dang it wait
guys so Lauren had a collab with
pura-vida bracelet I never had any but
now have fun oh my god these are these
are really cute actually
oh my god I found it in Costa Rica oh
that's cute
oh my god Lauren Congrats guys go buy it
good news we're ready
I can go I'm running out the door I do
need my wallet though where is my wallet
oh I had it in my pocket yesterday oh
you dumb I'm gonna go to this special
meeting they don't know what it is I
don't actually feel like I spit up
second all right you bye I'll see you
later
guys I live oh my god the lake I'm gonna
need to know if this is working
I literally have been vlogging the past
two hours and there has been no audio I
literally I filmed a whole hall I found
a really long hall and now that sucks
this special hall like I unboxed all
night but now I'm like I'm scared this
isn't working now I have to check every
single clip I do I don't know if it's
the mic is at the cord does he I'm not
even excited anymore oh my god I'm sad I
was so excited I don't know if you guys
can tell without the audio but I was so
excited and I said a whole story but
like it doesn't matter anyways I got
this jacket it's super cute and I saved
like 200 bucks on it
I'm so sad I'm not even excited anymore
about that check it for like five
minutes maybe you guys are grateful that
there was no audio cuz it would have
been a lot shorter vlog okay what I'll
show you stuff that I got from dolls
kilo because I was still our plant is
dead it doesn't look so good I don't
know if our mic broke I don't know if
that's just the cord or whatever oh my
god oh my god oh my god ash oh I thought
the beetle is about to go in there so
anyways changed cameras changed mics
please please tell me this is working
I'm gonna check before I film the next
part of this haul so we're gonna redo
the hall quickly for you guys I'm okay
I'm fine I'm fine
and then my battery died so it was just
a hole I was just like Alicia maybe you
should not be vlogging today but I was
like no what we're going it'll be good
I'm just like yeah I had a moment it was
okay we're fine
I'm good there's bigger problems in the
world Alicia then your vlog not adding
audio we are gonna do a haul because I
got some really cool stuff so Fashion
Week totally inspired me clearly I
placed this order it wasn't sent to me I
bought all of this as from dolls kill
and I was just really inspired after
going to Fashion Week with a whole bunch
so let's do it the first thing that I
got is actually this jacket I've been
eyeing this for a while it's from Puma
it's just like a windbreaker and I
thought it'd be perfect does I have I
have a lot of jackets but I don't have a
lot of like lounge jacket if that makes
it I have a lot of more fashionista this
is what it looks like I loved the colors
I thought it was super cute it's just
like leggings and whatever we got that
okay the next thing I've actually also
been eyeing for a while I've seen it
honestly for probably over a year now on
this site but it was finally on
clearance I think it was like $30 and I
got it so inexpensive it's this really
cute set I'm really hoping it fits guys
cuz I'm looking at it it's like it's a
little small it just stretch a lot so
we'll see but again it was $30 and I
figured if the skirt doesn't fit it has
this really really really cute matching
top which I know should fit should thank
you word should so worst case at least I
can have the top but it has a matching
skirt set that looks like this and it's
it's so cute Kevin wanting it for such a
long time I thought it was really really
cute so we got that at Fashion Week one
of the biggest trends which is this is
all gonna be for next year for spring
was belts and belting stuff I belted my
dress today I'm okay but I was kind of a
little inspired not too long so I
ordered some belts and I love this one
this one is clear first of all which is
so freaking dope and then this is what
the front looks like I love fashion I
just get lazy with it so I'm excited to
kind of pair some stuff like this with a
sweatshirt or like a hoodie is so cute
and it like it doesn't need to be
uncomfortable like you can dress cute
and be super comfy so I got that I think
this was like $12 it was really
inexpensive and then I also got this
belt it's kind of like a corset style
belt which I thought would be really
cute with a sweatshirt too or just like
an oversized baggy t-shirt and actually
goes this way cute so that's what that
looks like this is from 411 lemons and
then only two more thanks then I got
these shorts and these are from I am Gia
which is a really popular brand I have
some pants from them which I love and I
didn't know that they had shorts like
this so when I saw them I really really
wanted them and the belt comes off which
is really cool because you get like a
free belt with it you know and they're
just like white shorts and you guys know
me I love lots of white and then the
next leap is actually really really
similar to these shorts so I might
return
I'm not sure yet but it is kind of
different so it's like a matching sweat
like a set no there's a plane I just
look I'm not physilog today for real
I am vlogging and I'm sweating this is
just this is this vlog is just a hot
mess like me right now the last thing is
this matching like sweat set kind of
thing so here's like a really thin
jacket and it has a matching skirt which
I thought was really cool because it's a
skirt so it kind of feels dressed up but
at the same time it's not so that's like
a matching set which I thought was
really cute yeah everything that I got
from telesco everything your girl got oh
my god do you guys what would have been
funnier is if I I feel like I should do
a voiceover for the audio missing I feel
like that'd be funnier more entertaining
and honestly kind of easier you should
have thought about doing that before I
filmed this hot maybe I'll still dude
that's hilarious um yes please hey guys
welcome back to my blog so I'm currently
sitting in this room it looks like I'm
in a movie theater I don't really know
where I am and I'm gonna record all this
and it turns out that my microphone
doesn't even work so I'm gonna have Remy
voiceover this later but yeah here's
this really nice ankl of me and there's
me again be sure to check out the link
down below and yeah you know go check it
out now I'm in my living room fireplace
is still not done it's fine we're all
fine but my hair looks good
no but brows look good I've been really
trying to do my brows better lately and
I also got this really fun set from
dolls kill shout out hashtag not
sponsored Remi also has it we have great
sense of style together and here's just
more of an unboxing haul I got this
black and white striped thing love it
drinking my Starbucks also not sponsored
but feel free to sponsor all of my
pictures that I still have yet to hang
up are on the floor and now welcome to
my closet just setting up the camera
just getting that beautiful angle oh and
we're done okay guys army just sent me
the video of the voiceover and it's
literally the funniest thing ever I am
dead
