good morning Chloe
good morning cloud hi oh my god I can't
right now
mr. Pratt oh my god good morning guys oh
I'm so tired let's get coffee we got
some coffee now I'm going to sit at this
test for probably an hour and edit
yesterday's vlog get that up for you
guys
it's not my password
okay
so since I started organizing all of my
makeup yesterday so I decided that my
goal in doing my makeup today I'm going
to use some new products that I really
should try out so every day I used the
exact same makeup products and that's
like why I should try out some all this
new stuff if you didn't see yesterday's
vlog I went through all of my brand new
makeup and I got out some things that I
really want to try out so one thing is
color pop there are seriously so I've
never tried their stuff and I really
want to try it out also I have new I
found a whole bunch of shape and tape
concealers you guys know they're my
favorite and I needed a darker one so
let's see that is tan I also I really
want to try out this is the Alexis red
by color pop collection they sent it
last week I think it looks so freakin
pretty so I really want to try that um
there's so much oh my god
oh also I've been meaning to try out
benefits new blush it's the gala for Nia
one and it's like a really really it's a
really pretty gold peachy kind of color
and I thought that would be perfect for
summer so I'm gonna put thoughts with
that and then color pop also sent some
eyeshadows so I think I'm going to try
out those if I can find them all so just
finishing up my makeup now and now we
curl the hair
so I try to do this whole really cool
time-lapse thing of me doing my hair the
entire time and it's really is my camera
turned off so that's up but Harry's done
put a little bit of a curl in it and
anyways I think it's almost time to go I
actually have a meeting today and a
little bit update time so it's a lot
later and we are currently doing some
filming and the next scene involves me
being completely submerged wet in the
pool so I have to jump in it's like I'm
not complaining cuz it looks great it's
like super hot today still still gonna
still gonna jump in so I figured I
should talk this dock you minute oh
there's a plane or something not me do
you wanna go swimming no I don't think
she wants to look at my crib like what
exactly it just goes straight down oh I
like the back of her head she's so cute
she's so cute so I am extremely excited
for this next part because I get to soak
Ashley like no other
are you nervous or excited ah slightly
nervous PS your hair is kyo ash got a
haircut got it my god wait that's so
funny dude this is gonna be such a good
video behind the scenes genre he's the
one who's like splashing water and her
response
yeah one more time what do you need more
time yeah you just stand over there I
want to show you I wanna show you guys
what it looks like what we like Oh
as youtubers like a wet rat you were a
trouper
everyone's gonna love this videos he's
so good so good huh next scene mm-hmm
she acts like she's mad but she was the
one who was like do overtime so I could
snapchat this you guys
these like bundle water balloon things
work they work so freakin good oh my god
low-key love how I have a camera so like
they wouldn't dare I'm no now Ashley's
using her as a security blanket
you guys I'm horrible I totally forgot
to in yesterday's vlog I apologize or
just for leaving you hang in anyways I'm
going to quickly edit it and get it up
for you guys so you can watch this so
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow with new
blog I love you bye
you
