please welcome Alicia Marie what is up
you guys we are starting the vlog it's
actually Remi and I just landed in New
York as you probably could tell we're so
excited we were here for Fashion Week
like I told you in yesterday's vlog
we're gonna go find the car that's
supposedly picking us up are you so
ready so it is currently because the
time change I think right now it's like
for something so this brought though
that I can talk this vlog is probably
gonna be combined with tomorrow's go
really hungry and we're gonna I could
get that out and maybe explore for a
little bit so we landed and it's about
95 degrees very nice good morning guys
what is up
um so today's taste today's vlog we're
doing something different you know we're
doing today I was like I wonder what
it's like being like TV host you know
celebrity you know what is that life
like I'm halfway ready that's why I look
like this just letting you know I'm
actually gonna be on live with Kelly and
Ryan I'm so brings I have never done
like a TV anything like this before but
guys like do you see this look at this
ready that has my name no that's legit
oh my god okay so here's the dressing
room it's so cute I love the aesthetic
but most importantly we've got some
coffee and I low-key would love
something right now so is this what it's
like you just wake up you come get some
coffee so far that's my morning routine
ooh we got some bagels we got some crow
my god this all looks so freakin good
dang oh my god a TV we got a fully I'm
here to make sure you look good
before you go on oh my god this is so
fun so I'm gonna give you guys a little
like a behind-the-scenes today and I'm
so excited for my TV debut got my makeup
I gotta finish it this lighting is so
good though which is exciting so I'm
assuming with celebrities higher makeup
but we're being cheap why not save money
a mood
this is cool I've never done a thing
like this
the only thing close was I was on I was
on a game show I was on a game show one
time I think you can find it and I won
money on it so it was kind of similar to
like the whole live audio on the show
Shane Mitchell is here also Alicia Marie
from YouTube with some back-to-school
hacks i the cardinal home computer just
a few minutes on live
Oh
the show I've never done anything like
that I don't have to hold it
so we're backstage right now I was
wondering can you guys give us like a
little behind the scenes backstage tour
yeah what's this dressing room we also
share this after we leave in the
afternoon sometimes I'm here and the
loot is here - this is breakfast
that's Ryan's oh oh yeah this is Ryan's
oh my god I love this so this is where
you hang out before you know this is
where we get dressed
this room is really nice I love it I do
oh my room is more of like allows oh
this is the hair to make our room these
are where we get restored and I mean
this is like the restoration
you've seen them restore the David in
Rome layers of age and then they sparkle
and sparkle so they make you beautiful
in here well they make us presentable
I'm afraid this is amazing my room when
you work here 18 years you finally give
it your own bathroom
right this used to be this used to be
the mail room this is so fun oh my god
use of literally these were mail shelves
and piles this way okay so this is where
we walk out before the show these are
pictures of us because we make them hang
pictures of us and every day I was
wondering to take them down
yeah we Ryan likes to have a 1 glamour
shot of ours yeah I like this from my
pageant James James more done hi James
yeah oh and this is hot if you want the
best dancer at the Christmas party it's
always have fun are you feeling oh oh we
got a good one coloring a couple of
months yeah yeah where should we go into
that into that prop room Oh behind the
scenes backstage all the guests stand
back here before they come out extra
literally was like this is so cold back
here Kelly likes it cold yeah everyone's
gone guys act pretend like you're
workers work oh my god right this is
where you are it does right it is
smaller it does still wait yeah it's a
small steam oh my god crazy her there's
a photo be we just found out there was a
photo booth oh we got a ring light we
love a ring light
oh we do we'd good lighting
that's where we've ever given will be
some exclusive oh my god by uptick time
it is currently it's 1:45 p.m. and REM
and I are exploring New York show it so
well this morning honestly everyone was
so nice so that was so fun yeah now
we're here for Fashion Week people that
wouldn't work staring whoo we have a
show later Remy's gonna go get her hair
done I'm gonna try to find some coffee
oh she's beautiful you were beautiful
before but you look even more beautiful
now oh look so I kinda wish I got mine
done dang I like rough no it doesn't no
I'm fine
okay so we're getting some food and I'm
so excited literally we're craving a
salad and we look up and there's this
amazing salad place across the street so
we figured it was just a sign kind of
extreme but it just looks
Tsongas philippine mom tomato
so it's been a bit we got ready and we
are who are first we glowed up the glow
up is room I want to tell you I almost
during my walk today I almost stopped in
one of those stores and got us our
t-shirts but then I thought that it
needed to be it got to the first
look at that face yes girl work at the
Smurfs
Exeter like fall
what's up you guys I just realized I
forgot it's forgotten that's not a word
mm-hmm I realize you forgot to in this
vlog so I just want to end it so that
way I can keep logging and make it all
good cohesive yes yeah thanks for
watching and I'll see you guys really
soon with a new New York love you
bye
