good morning guys good morning guys
welcome to April 6 a so we are currently
drinking some coffee just much-needed
and we're also having birthday cake for
breakfast the best cake the best
breakfast I'm so bad should not be doing
it so well with coffee good show then
who says you can't have cake for
breakfast I feel like this is every
child's dream you guys new vlog is up it
is my birthday vlog from yesterday so
you should most definitely go watch it
go watch it go watch it go watch it oh
my god so exciting and that's funny this
is like vlogging a vlog because I'm
sitting here at my desk watching me sit
at my desk watching a vlog of filming a
vlog and it's not that's crazy so now
we're about to put on some makeup I
actually have to get going in about 25
minutes so after do my make up pretty
fast I'm actually gonna go to a hair
consultation because I've been thinking
about switching up my hair lately and
yeah so nothing's happening today I'm
thinking of a few different things to do
but one of them is actually getting
extensions yes no I don't know what do
you think let me know in the comments so
I have to go do that and then I'm
actually going over to revolve to pick
out some clothes because they wanted me
to come get some clothes that I could
use for Coachella next week so it was
all about that because if you guys know
were involved they're a really nice
store and they have really cute clothes
um just so I guess we should start oh
well I guess we should start putting on
some makeup
primer okay foundation we need some
concealer oh shoot I'm telling you that
was open think tonight's gonna be kind
of a chill night Ashley and I have a lot
of editing to do and then we leave
tomorrow for my birthday weekend trip
which I'm so excited for it's funny
because yesterday's vlog I had mentioned
that I wanted to go on a trip and then
now are going on a trip so I'm really
excited about that ooh question of the
day what foundation do you use I'm
actually really curious it's like
everyone uses very different foundations
you know lately I've been using the
Smashbox Studios skin if you guys saw I
did a makeup routine on my main channel
video and I talked about this and as you
can tell it literally it's so empty oh
my god and so I really like it but I
feel like I change up my foundations a
lot so I'm interested in trying a new
one so if you guys have any
recommendations let me know
what is up guys
so hair consultation went really well
I'm scheduled to get extension I'm kind
of nervous but I'm also really excited
because I love the girl who does my hair
and I know it's gonna look good no
matter what just cuz she's so amazing so
yeah I actually just got to evolve for
once I'm kind of early fun fact I'm
usually late to things I was probably a
how big of a surprise so I'm just
telling my car for now I'm not really
sure if I can vlog in there I have a
feeling I'm not gonna be able to I will
definitely ask though but I have a big
that's okay I will give you guys a
little sneak peek of what I pick out I'm
really excited they're giving me a gift
card and said I can pick out whatever I
want so like I think that's everyone's
dream goal of shopping just someone to
the egg pick whatever you want oh so
yeah that's what's going on going to
revolve I'm actually really excited yeah
okay guys so we are currently in it
revolve and these clothes are so
freaking cute I kind of went crazy oh my
gosh thank you so much do you mind being
my boss thank you so much you seriously
made this such an amazing experience
oh my god I can't wait to show you guys
everything it's so cute in here - super
instagramming below I'm sure you guys
did that on purpose but oh my gosh I
love love I'm oversized so cute look how
cute it is there are so many cute things
like that's adorable is that I didn't
see that that's so cute Oh
oh my god
so cute literally aesthetic oh my god
look it I want it all ah that's so cute
oh my god so freakin pretty do it for
the grandma oh my god I can't wait
seriously oh my gosh this view is
beautiful this is what I want my room to
look like hi Sarah oh my god ah this is
so cute like the colors like everything
about it I'm obsessed this though okay
you guys oh my god I am so glad they
were all about vlogging and snapchatting
and any types of social stuff so I was
really excited that I was able to blog
in there but it was so much fun they had
just two floors of clothes and it was
really fun trying everything on and yes
I'm glad you guys gotta come along for
the house currently at 4:38 p.m. and I
am going to head home right now
hopefully there's no traffic crazy
because with me okay so I really quickly
wanted to show you guys what I got from
revolve I got so much stuff it's all so
cute and it literally all of it added up
was over a thousand dollars well I like
oh my god so oh my seriously they were
so nice I had so much fun shopping
seriously check out their website
because oh my god such cute stuff I'm
not gonna go through everything into a
formal haul but I'm just gonna kind of
show you stuff real quick so we have
some bathing suits this one's so cute I
love the material another one-piece
bathing suit then under here we just
have some we have a few dresses some one
pieces these shorts
I am totally wearing the exact Coachella
I'm pretty sure they're so flattering
they're so cute and comfy oh my god and
in this bathing suit so cute another
one-piece seriously so much so oh I love
this love love up I think this
technically goes with these shorts but
are definite I don't think I'd wear them
with the shorts but it's just this
really cute little top like that another
dress so much stuff oh my god thank you
of all I
loved shopping there today we are
currently at Starbucks at the Baines
plants at that that's the baby my name
isn't spelled right but that's okay I
got a green tea and I should I have been
sitting here we've been editing for a
very long time so why is it sliding not
so cute that's so much better
hey guys so I just wanted to do a
quickly end this vlog after that I ended
up going to the gym and we killed it
just saying but it's so much later now
I'm really tired so I'm gonna go bed I
love you so much thank you for watching
and I will see you guys tomorrow with
our exciting birthday trip
let me guys please
