good morning guys and welcome back to
the vlog anyways today is Saturday so
happy Saturday yeah Saturday I had a
thing for a good second what day was
it's a little later actually have a I
don't know where the day went I
literally don't even know where the day
went it's gone having a little bit of a
problem as you guys know I was in Hawaii
I am obviously back home now trip went
so well seriously it was really smooth
it was just really quick we were there
less than three days you were there only
two nights and then we took a red-eye to
get back here it was so good and it was
so exciting and as you guys know I'm
doing some more stuff with Hollister so
I'm so excited for you guys to see
everything when it comes out I did get
some behind the scenes so we shot at the
beach was so pretty and then the second
day we shot at this house that they got
for us just to have fun take pictures
and it was so relaxing and look at our
location
was so cool to see everyone again and
yeah I'm just really excited for that
stuff so yeah since I was in Hawaii I
had no time to film this week's video
except for today and it's already so
much later in the day so today we're
filming a video and I actually really
like the concept that we came up with
you're most likely gonna see this vlog
tomorrow which will be Sunday which is
the same day that I'm uploading the main
channel video so I'm gonna tell you what
it is it's gonna be satisfying DIYs like
you know those videos that you see that
are so weirdly satisfying and you're
like why does this make me feel good
like what what yes it's gonna be that
I'm neither going to test them out or
I'm going to make a legit DIY video with
it so I'm not sure yet oh my god
like don't know what that was
I just heard really weird not screaming
I get I don't know how to explain it I
heard these kids like yelling or
screaming or something but it didn't
sound like normal screaming so I opened
the door then I could tell they were
just playing but at first I'm just
looking what is that okay so Ashley just
texted me she is on her way back home
there are a few last-minute things that
we needed so she went to go get them
while I finish to getting ready stuck I
miss you guys so much I've been doing
that I was gonna be busy and a lot of
that was the Hollister trip coming up in
all this stuff so in my head I knew
blogs were gonna be kind of like hit or
miss lately so starting today my blog
should be back to daily I don't want to
say hate thing daily because then it
puts so much pressure to it but I should
be uploading a lot more basically also
made some coffee and we have the camera
I'm getting everything set up so when
Ashley comes back we can start filming
hi khlo hi babe you go say are you gonna
pack it just got a package from tart so
we're gonna open it let's do it boom I
realize it's been a bit since I've
opened packages in the vlog I need
somewhere to put you guys using a candle
for you to sit on then hopefully
hopefully I'm in frame oh my god I'm
excited
does anyone else weirdly like when
people unbox things on camera because
same well you want to help me oh my gosh
yes I saw Adeline show this in on her
snap Oh dirty hit yeah oh they have
their new dry shampoo and then deodorant
oh my god okay oh this is a really cute
bag super cute
I've really but what am I saying I've
really been wanting to try this dry
shampoo ever since that I heard that
they had it and then they have a vegan
deodorant which is really cool I mean I
feel like this is the cutest deodorant
I've ever seen because most either it's
pretty basic basic I'm literally talking
about deodorant being basic Wow yeah oh
my god not sooo excited they always do
such a good job with packaging's
you okay it is so nice out today all I
want to do is go swimming but the pool
is pretty dang dirty Ashley so there was
this huge storm when I was in Hawaii and
it was so windy and crazy we're making
slime we made slime so excited for this
video okay we have so many so many
random things mm-hmm upsie time it's a
little later now and we are about to
film this slime is seriously perfection
yeah I feel like there's probably eight
or ten eight to ten different things
we're doing so I'm really excited to
film the hopefully it goes smooth and
then I'm gonna be up on my editing yeah
you guys two things one so far this
video has been a complete fail - I just
dropped you guys when I was trying to
turn on my camera and I screamed really
loud and I don't really don't know I
mean I know why but it was just not my
normal reaction and stuff and I'm kind
of getting really tired and I'm thinking
murk this isn't working at all none of
these are work part of me is thinking
maybe I should just upload it I was like
a fail video you know also I ate the
gummy candy that was a fail okay here so
it's that I spent all day shopping for
all that like failed DIYs like fail
