good morning everybody
so officially back from Greece do you
guys some probably tell let me lower
this a little bit I feel like this hat
looks a little weird on camera like it's
kind of just like a duck hat you know
what I mean I think it needs to be like
bent a little bit or something
today's definitely kind of like a fetus
day I'm not gonna do my makeup not gonna
do my hair here is we're chilling it's
great take a look I have some really
random errands to do Oh little eggs
cuter okay so overall plans for the day
I'm actually gonna be leaving in a well
first we're enjoying the cat cotton
can't talk first we're enjoying the
coffee it's just so good I definitely
saw some unpacking to do and laundry
from Greece and it was such it was
honestly such a great trip and a little
sad though you don't hear I definitely
accidentally deleted some footage it's
fine it's fine really it's fine no it's
cool so yeah that kind of really sucks
the only good thing was honestly the
days were pretty all we really did was
swim eat to live on a boat have a
fitting later you'll bring you guys to
that would you guys like to see that and
then I definitely want to do a little
bit of shopping and I have some random
random things I want to get photo okay
so that's the plan also have no idea you
guys saw my target vlog but I am at a
freaking set these tumblr Cup Oh any to
take off this dude let's do a LinkedIn
bracelet like I'm genuinely obsessed
with it I don't even know how to explain
it
here's my unbelievably basic outfit of
the day hats from adidas wait let me
look for it in this a little bit so we
got the Hat from adidas which is
actually from Urban Outfitters but it's
adidas shirt is from Target
actually think this jackets from Target
too few shorts I've had for literally
years you guys have seen them so many
times they're from Urban Outfitters and
then I I look he tried to kind of match
the brands so we're wearing and the
adidas tennis shoes to kind of match the
Hat do you see what I did there anyways
got the phone
so I'm currently going to my fitting and
I'm really excited because I'm actually
going to Fashion Week which is literally
next week okay I think it's finished
first building all right this one update
so we just had our fitting this is
Desiree she killed every single look got
some really cute looks and I'm actually
really excited for New York it makes it
so much easier when you know what you're
wearing like to not have to dress me
result it amazing we just went through a
whole bunch of whole bunch of goodies
and clothes and stuff and I hate trying
clothes on but literally it helps so
much just to kind of like go through and
do it all so I'm not going to show you
everything that we packed well give you
a little like all you get you'll have to
wait for the actual like outfits and
stuff
such cute stuff like how this is so cute
oh my god there's no sneak peek ray oh
yeah yeah oh my god yeah well thank you
it's actually quite a bit later I think
it's like three ish now fitting went so
well I'm actually really excited for
some of my look they're pretty fun
Fashion Week is just fun because you're
gonna try different things like you can
be more fashion-forward things that
normally if you just wore on the street
people would look at you like no matter
but I'm actually so excited desert he
gave me a bag of a whole bunch of
clothes that'll hold why I said a whole
bunch of its in a whole bunch a lot of
times those few sentences Desiree gave
me a bag with a whole bunch of clothes
that's different brands wanted to just
gift me and stuff so I think we're doing
a haul so I'm just gonna go to this
super quick be kept but like literally
everything is so cute I'm gonna be wear
it along with first outfits from
Mistress rocks don't the suit or jump
with you why can't I talk man I already
had coffee is like do I need more coffee
I don't think I do but Wow
anyways this is just a black jogger set
and it comes with a matching jacket that
this is literally the perfect type of
look for anything whether you're just
chilling you're at the airport you're
shopping whatever low-key you look
really cool but you're just wearing
sweats you know I mean when sweats like
go together it just adds a lot to a look
okay this this is from naked wardrobe
it's
this crop like kind of like trench coat
jacket which is so freaking cute the
material is really cool too so I'm
excited for this and it has this really
cute belt that comes with it I love this
I didn't even heard of naked wardrobe
before but like they got some cute stuff
tube top do people say tube tops anyone
bralla bando bando thing this is from
mesh key this is just a perfect like
little black dress I'm like really
really picky with body con dresses like
this but this literally just like sucks
in everything where it's meant to be and
this is from pretty little thing they
are I love them so much this is just a
white little cropped tank top this with
this matching this or this reminds me of
my rebrand Chi when I wore the white the
white on white this one that one so this
little crop top with this this is also
from a ski or just white sweat pant and
the material is amazing or high-waisted
of sassed with these definitely bringing
all this to New York with me this is
also from mistress Rox
but these are just some jogger pants and
they're like satiny and they have white
down the side really I love sweatpants
because I have a lot of that and then
you guys also know I am obsessed and I
know a lot of people hate this trend but
the whole the biker shorts trend got me
three different colors these are from
Naked wardrobe again
they're amazing I love love them and
then there's also some other like basics
in here a white little bodysuit from
them a great little crop top from them
body suit from mesh key the basics line
again we've got a lot of sweat pants um
but I'm excited because now I have a
whole bunch of really cute lounge
clothes for New York so thank you so
much to all these brands before gifting
this because I feel so special and I
don't deserve it but thank you I don't
know I've just been loving the whole
like chills street style it makes sense
because I'm so lazy I just love being
comfy speaking of shopping um speaking
of shopping I actually do have a little
more a few more little things that I
want to get for New York I can't believe
I literally just got back from Greece
today's my last free day tomorrow I'm
working and filming all day and then I
leave Tuesday for for New York so it's
been a lot of traveling lately I'm
excited so I have to unpack from Greece
so I can start packing for New York
update I'm currently at the mall
lisa is reunited be back should we go to
Sephora
let's goes for it okay this is the
shopping spree of like things they
actually do the same types of thing
every morning I post me Dunkin Donuts
just to have my drink I love their lip
stuff no it's so good wait have I shown
you this thing I'm literally getting an
owner now okay wait so it's oh wait open
it open it open it yes yeah
it's literally like a lip gloss stick
but it's like hydrating I highly
recommend it's a lip product so random
but you guys remember the vlog where I
was telling you about the Marc Jacobs
lipstick thing so I got this from its
Marc Jacobs but I got from Sephora but
it is game changing actually obsessed on
fact I literally lost it like that day
and I haven't been able to find it since
then it's like really sad so I'm buying
a new one but I'm also showing Niki
because they're freaking amazing I feel
like I'm in an art class it's like it
comes out to satisfying look it it
literally looks like you put lipstick
and lip gloss on without even like doing
either also I'm kind of low-key almost
getting sex in if they do here I just
really need a new moisturizer so we
don't get that
I have literally gone through I think
three huge things of this moisturizer
and I a little of it it's the tatcha
water crate highly recommend we got some
goods honestly this was much needed that
moisturizer
much needed
