what is up and good what this is dirty
hold on good morning guys what up
welcome to the channel so right now I
was just about to do my makeup today is
kind of a busy day we have a lot going
on good productive stuff also I already
put up a blog snaps for Lita yeah wow I
feel like I look really oh you know I'm
I got rid of my eyelash extensions I've
been using falsies lately also this is
like super random but maybe you guys
care I don't know well I would assume
you care if you're watching this video
lately my vlogs have really just like
kind of been on the back burner for like
overall it may not seem like it but I'm
really I'm working on a lot of other
things right now
so vlogging has just been kind of tricky
but but I feel like I'm finally in a
good place for them to be more regular
and stuff I don't know like I'm super
excited so I just want to let you guys
know thank you for bearing with me
because I know it's hard when vlogs are
like everyday and then they're not
everyday and I still mean what I said to
you about I only want to vlog when I
like really want to log more now you
know I mean so yeah I just kind of
wanted to throw out there let you guys
know we got the makeup done hell yeah um
okay so then we got the hair done we are
all ready
I desperately desperately need to film
something a little intro thing we yeah
Ashley can you help me film oh okay you
know just whenever you're done or
whenever you want to or if you're free
right now are you free right now oh we
got a package okay also update on the
fireplace we have to pick a new tile
which I'm really sad about so yeah I'm
sucks
good so if you're wondering about the
fireplace that's what's going on but
what are you gonna do I feel like it's
ugly because we have the TV down here
anyway so I placed an order so freaking
excited so Ashley and I are actually
going on a trip I'm very excited for it
I think I'm probably gonna mention it
and like the next vlog up to that so if
you have any guesses leave them below
and these shoes will be perfect for it
ahh
arty so I just told you what they were I
ordered shoes
not one hair not two pairs three pairs
of shoes
kind of went a little crazy but honestly
these were needed these are from saw you
toes saludos these are so freakin cute
oh my god these are so so I got these
sandals they have like a little platform
I'm very very picky with shoes not only
that but like flats because I don't
necessarily like hmm sorry my card was a
little full the second pair that we got
are actually really similar but these
ones have a much higher platform and
they're more of like a lighter brown
color so they look like this
these ones are like more flat that's
like the difference and my battery's
lashing Wow we got one more pair okay so
the last pair are not sandals and there
are these tennis shoes oh these are wait
they're like more tan like on Canton
line it looked a lot more pink but
they're just like nude ooh they're so
soft they're just like really cute on
tan shoes Wow oh my god I'm obsessed
update time we got the goods awesome it
is currently 4:14 p.m. my battery died
on my camera so I had to charge so it's
been a bit just letting you know as you
can probably tell ash and I are
currently in as this video and we're
gonna get some stuff done we're gonna be
productive yo okay
I actually think I do like the white
background yeah got to blinding good
morning guys what up
I just realized half of my makeup is I
think downstairs dang it
found it good morning hello hello babe
wake up ash wake up come on
this guy is awake so I'm awake I'm Bink
sighing come on
okay take two oh shoot so about start
getting ready
makeup is done you guys I'm loving my
makeup today I'm not even kidding
hold on sorry literally I was totally
watching Warren's video sorry lon I'm a
pod people quick oh my god this brow I
you know what guys this is just a sign
that if you want to do anything in life
you can succeed I never thought I'd be
good at brows anyways um I I feel like
we should start filming soon I'm
actually so excited to film with you
guys you'll get to see a little behind
the scenes of court yeah oh my god Jing
testing testing wait this feels like a
throw but I haven't done like this feels
crazy like we were just filming just
filming
so yeah let's see if it looks good I
feel like it'll look good oh my god I'm
actually this I'm sorry I keep staring
at my brows after that dog looks so good
so anyways we're gonna film a little
thing real quick for is the main channel
and I'm in the show and I'll show you
guys will behind the scene as we go my
little tripod thing right here let's do
it I'm so excited for this video hey
guys what is that um okay so I am so
freaking excited because I've actually
had this idea to do on my channel for
such a long time and we are finally
doing it a new series so I'm going to be
doing a new series on my channel which
is called
we're done filming coming back benefit
gave them to us in patrie right no
literally they're so comfortable we're
than earlier
they're so cute I like I remember when I
saw that they made these I was like
Alicia's gonna end up with these they're
so calm terkoz only they come anyways
I'm gonna go start editing this also I
still need to put up these frames up
there ash can we get shelves like
tonight we should measure out the wall
and then we can do it up date time so it
is currently 1244 p.m. and i actually
have a nail appointment at 12:45 p.m. so
yes honestly my nails aren't like
horrible but I'm actually going
somewhere on Thursday and I need my
nails done for it so definitely to get
them done before I go and I feel like
today kind of works out a little bit
better so that's the plan literally
every single time that I get my nails
done I always just download a whole
bunch of YouTube videos and then watch
those why'd I get my nails done so a
question of the day I feel like you guys
should comment below who your favorite
youtubers are let me know and who should
i watch marina yep honestly like 80
degrees I don't know why I'm wearing
this sweatshirt it's freezing in the
house
thank you okay we are back we got the
nails done yeah I got white again so
anyways it's just so hot I still don't
know why I'm wearing this sweatshirt oh
man anyways I'm gonna go home get a bite
and then I have a meeting that I need to
go to um and it's with snapchat so
that's actually really cool so yeah
let's go home and get some food Bob this
doesn't look meeting appropriate I
promise it is once I pull it down update
running late gothic goods though and
we're gonna go to the meeting hot club
let's go I'll see you later
oh you think you're coming I'm sorry
so it's actually so much later um
meeting was good really good actually I
think I'm gonna sit here and get some
editing done I actually have a lot of
emails and stuff that I need to get to
you because um we're planning exciting
things yeah oh my god I'm so excited I'm
gonna be here I'm sure I'll update you
guys in a little bit I also have another
whole vlog I need to edit and then I
need that at this vlog so like I'm gonna
be here for a while that's all okay bye
update time so actually didn't get a lot
of editing done and as you can probably
tell I just want to end this vlog so
thank you so much for freaking watching
and supporting and loving it is
currently currently 1008 and I have to
get up early and I got up early today so
I'm gonna try to go to bed but yeah I
love you guys and I'll see you superzoom
in the new glog okay bye love you
