what is up you guys I mean I could I
make up on the I said plane Remy and I
put our makeup on on the train because
we had like a two-hour trainer I had
just left Paris and we just came to
Italy and I'm really excited cuz I don't
think I would ever have been here we're
moving to the the countryside apparently
we're staying in a castle I mean so
there's my peer review is my fame that's
so cool
hey guys what is up it is Ben I feel
like it's been a while we just got to
our I am not exaggerating a castle for
the next two nights
a literal castle and I'm so excited
we're in the like countryside of rants
and this just reminds me of a freaking
beauty and the freaking beast this is
crazy
ooh ooh keep tabs at our castle it's
just crazy I live for you oh my god this
is
crazy you guys I just got the key to my
room and I am literally dying I'm so
excited oh my god do you see this okay
how's my name the story feels like a
fairy tale this is literally and I'm not
kidding like my childhood Disney stuff
is shook oh my god
Wow first oh my god okay hold on oh I
have to tell you I was not expecting
this oh my god oh oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god how do I do this how do
I open this sweep these stairs these
dude oh my god yeah screen I have
literally never like this is an actual
once in the lifetime chance I feel like
I'm shook this is my like Castle shook
what is this I'm just like wow I have to
show him she's gonna die guys look at
this freakin view this is like outside
of Remy's room this doesn't even feel
real it literally feels like a fairy
tale
I want to vlog your reaction saying I
can't watch this you're really first of
all she has her own glass doors
oh yeah bugs let me came in right here
you guys this is our Castle this is our
freakin do you see this probably I can
go seek tonight they'll be so fun like
this is where you okay so it's currently
8:43 p.m. and it's still like the Sun is
still setting it's like gold never
anonymously so basically we have 45
minutes until we're meeting for dinner
but we got ready early because we only
have one here we have to unite see but
we're gonna get some pics so you want to
stand like right here I feel like this
is beautiful I also love that let's just
like start shooting so that way we like
whatever yeah look at the fountain this
is stunning guys I'm in a blank space
baby nice to meet you where you been I
feel like we should go down here okay oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god this is insane what is this oh
that's scary oh oh it's a tunnel that's
just a tunnel I was I just thought it
like I thought was like underground well
it goes to like I think what would be
like the mo ish looking thing look at
the guys we're stinking freaking Castle
I really like this lighting is going
away but it's beautiful it literally the
guys the sky for one is so stunning this
is oh I bet princess
oh also we were saying we really want to
get some blank space playing soon but
like hahaha you guys I'm out of breath
it was a workout literally just made it
such a funny music video to blank space
and I would put it in this vlog but
low-key Taylor Swift's team always
copyright
so anyway is that we're gonna go change
for dinner and I'm so excited to see
what they have in store for us
good evening everyone so sadly it's our
last night here I'm so freaking sad and
we're dressed like condiments ketchup
and mustard the past few days they kind
of have just like done like little
montages and stuff just they don't want
these before every day but I wanted to
vlog Ross dinner because I feel like
it's gonna be epic oh my god well we're
good I almost died so I'm assuming this
is where the party will be tonight oh my
gosh I'm literally I'm a drawbridge
right now and that's like where we're
gonna be partying Wow
shall we the theme tonight is like pop
art so just bright colors and stuff so
everyone's wearing super bright colors
so there's this area in the back it has
this fountain then it literally reminds
us of like blank space if you remember
us earlier yesterday I'm once a boom one
oh there she is
she loves it I love it
Oh
this is like underground we were talking
about underground
oh we just landed and we're headed home
thanks for coming with me round the best
time anyways I'm gonna end the vlog love
you guys I'll see you later
