hey guys what think I'm very very late
start in today's vlog which I'm kind of
not happy about but you know what that's
cool like things happen and there's
nothing you can do about it you know
only there's nothing you can do about
certain things today it's one of those
days the good news is I have been
productive yet I feel like I've made no
progress
do you have days like that because same
let it mean today so my room is a
complete mess I'm not even gonna try to
clean it and act like my life is
together right now cuz it's completely
not you know like for a split second I
had this thought of like oh I should
probably probably you know clean some of
this and maybe I should hide it so you
guys can't see it it's cool you know I
know you guys love me for who I am and
I'm not defined by the rest of my room
right now cool anyways I'm gonna throw
on some makeup right now watch some
vlogs try to relax
as you can't I'm just calling marks
right now I'd have a lot to do a little
stress well little stress if you guys
remember from yesterday's vlog I called
me and I was like yo when are we going
snowboarding did you want to go
snowboarding tomorrow Tuesday love you
miss you bye
we decided on Tuesday which is tomorrow
so we wanted to leave really early so
I'm going to spend the night tonight
later tonight I'm most likely going to
head over to her apartment I'm just
gonna put on a little bit of makeup I
honestly don't even need too much so
you're just kind of like my makeup
routine when I'm just feeling lazy so it
usually starts with some concealer and I
usually always put too much concealer on
on accident so it ends up turning into
like foundation that's too light for my
skin okay so something like that is
putting some powder over that
do-do-do-do-do
sorry where me I'm gonna have to meet
with you right now a little bit of
contour bronzer just kind of something
so warm up the face and this may still
be more than like your everyday makeup
routine but this is just what I do when
I'm not really trying to do my makeup so
like I don't know when I'm just like
makeup fast not gonna hurry you guys
I don't know just like something and
honestly is eyebrows for me like just a
little concealer and some eyebrows make
a club big outs difference so speaking
um come on where's my blush brush where
and my polish brush guys sound it I
think today I'm gonna try this coral
color just to kind of just to kind of
see you know eyebrows I would use a
little pencil one but I ran out so I'm
using the Anastasia dip brow
I don't know I'm talking like this at
all I'm just kind of filler filler
filler in like this but filler filler
filler in like this but oh my god I
swear the time I'm trying to show you
how I do my makeup everything just goes
wrong like my brows are way too dark
right now oh man smile look it's cool
it's cool it's cool it all nice girl
them that's all you do
that's pretty much it I probably should
put something on my lips so yeah that's
kind of what I just did when it's like
everyday makeup that they like that hope
that you liked that little a bird's eye
makeup tutorial I mean trying to get a
thumbnail right now okay so if you guys
saw yesterday's vlog you would know that
I wouldn't shopping with a of us is do a
huge holiday giveaway ha what I got you
for Christmas slash gift ideas video so
I need to go thumbnail because like I
said I'm most likely leaving tonight
basically that means I gotta take this
picture now I have all of the prizes
right here we are going to head out to
the living room to take a picture
totally wearing the sweatshirt that I
got yesterday from brandy melville but
guess what I did
just got judge to guess what I did to my
very brand-new sweater sweatshirt
alrighty spill Oni I don't know if you
can tell but I can tell they don't like
it it makes me really stuff
sorry I'm how to get that up I mean this
is everything so it's a lot later I
actually think it's almost like twelve
hours later his last time I blogged ah I
may or may not be it means June that
we're gonna be going snowboarding
tomorrow so we're super excited for that
um but yeah today it was just like a
long very busy / stressful day
everything is good and um I just wanted
to say sorry in case this vlog is
unbelievably short but I promise
tomorrow's vlog will be super fun
anyways I love you guys so so so so so
much and thank you for all the support
and can you believe we're about halfway
through vlogmas I know but don't worry
I'm gonna keep bugging ya 25th get
excited for tomorrow's bug
