so we just got to our this is freaking
beautiful and we had such an engine it's
oh my gosh oh my I'm like freaking oh my
god like freaking out right now you guys
oh my god right there so like this is
the rim
did you see the ants you did yeah you're
a smart cookie really it just tastes
like straight sugar I love these so much
boom she's crumbling mmm when you take
the marshmallows and Lucky Charms I know
you're I want to take all of this stuff
home oh my gosh we benebabe oh my god
are these gut what is this
they're gummies the bath you might even
look at the bath oh my god oh my god Wow
and then there's room this luggage
though I'm like snack oh there's water
bars and sneak oh my god oh my god this
is good snacks on snacks on snack I
can't wait to go get all your snacks and
we can put them in I'm okay we got some
Rosie we got this cute little couch we
got a Remi and then wait for it so this
is the like little living room and then
over here is the page and there's
goodies everywhere we have a hat we have
this cute little crop top you have this
pj set we have this bag we have pink
converse and these sunglasses oh my gosh
okay by the thaw like that little room
tour you're gonna walk take time it is
currently
2:46 p.m. here which means it's like 5
or 6 a.m. at home we'll really only have
like three hours of sleep but it's okay
okay but we just walked out of our hotel
and I have to show you guys it's it's so
freaking pretty we're gonna go get some
food right now and this is stunning
oh my freaking gosh this is such a like
oh my god
wait room can you take a photo of me I
think in the Sun so it's even after yeah
just me making you open it up can we
take a moment just to talk about how
pretty this is
this excuse us - everything okay so we
think we found a place to eat and we're
still got the manual the lighting is so
good with a veggie burger and a veggie
burger we got some food
mmm we're so hungry we really haven't
eaten in so long so they got some
avocado toast we got like a seafood
little thing we're at LeClair
yes we are this bomb so we're gonna eat
it and I'll update you guys lunch was
really good not gonna lie it was good
now we are going to go do some shopping
I can't get over how good this lighting
is it looks so good it looks better than
the picture so we may or may not be
doing a splurge you guys we came to
if I don't find anything I love and I'm
genuinely mean that's like I'm not gonna
get it if I find to be a love
I mean full of I will get it okay I
don't want to hit people with a camera
shot away so we just got some breakfast
into the room and I'm so hungry I was
starting to do my makeup so I kind of
look role fetus right now but I'm
through teen has a way more important so
we're gonna eat I got some cereal
granola stuff with some almond milk
Oh what is up you guys so as you can
tell we haven't glowed up a little bit
since this morning I will say it is so
weird not having my brows done the whole
reason why we're here with benefit is
cuz they're releasing a new brow product
so they told us to come without our
brows done today and it feels very weird
and it reminds me of like middle school
but I literally would just like never do
my eyebrows I'm obsessed with our hotel
it's literally beautiful look at the
found my god there's this cute little
room
look at all of this food we are living
so we just had a photoshoot for Remy and
she got but can you tell us what you're
gonna caption it parmesan town on
vacation right pocket I'm slammed it was
a full production I was being sand by
Patrick Starr well miss Alicia Marie was
taking my photos all my dreams just came
true we are watching the benefit well
front row which will be available online
exclusively until August 24th when it
hits all retail door for products in one
pinched brow the bill define and
highlight rels $32
oh my god did you see that video yes
look at those so many funny you I'm
gonna insert that video right here how's
your company so funny oh my god I'm so
excited we're gonna do our brows is a
new product you guys we just got to the
Eiffel Tower I'm getting like mad baby
from one of us here before
we only hiked a mile to get here it's so
today this is so cute
I love how you guys know like
you look at the camera just photos yeah
we came to the famous steps for the
tower it's literally so pretty it's so
hot we got a whole bunch of pigs shout
out to benefit
it's be like seriously one of the most
beautiful things I've ever seen
welcome to the Shaun Polly Moo my feet
are starting to hurt so we're kind of
hitting a wall we have a few hours until
we need to be back that's daytime so
it's currently I think like eight
something and you guys I'm not even
kidding we it just got to be closely
members literally like a castle we
haven't even gotten inside why are you
freaking out this is at work this is
where we're having dinner tonight it
actually looks like a freaking Museum
wait oh my god yes Patrick work guys
this is crazy beautiful I'm gonna go
inside we go inside I need to take these
shoes off because base
it's so pretty like this room is having
breakfast you're casually like Doritos
this fighting is pristine to the little
love good lighting
it could be Stephanie but it's not her
personality is very bubbly bubbly
personality well she's Aaron who
was a bubbly personality
champagne sometimes she's rather dry I
think we're gonna have a round ocean
update time so it is currently 12:37
a.m. and we are currently headed the
Hooper's coming right now we are
currently headed to go to the Eiffel
Tower to see it light up tonight I think
that's actually a car
oh wait just kidding I am so excited
obviously we were there earlier today
and we've never been there I've never
been there at night when it sparkles I
also brought some mad snacks about them
Hot Cheetos is the way to be quiet this
is so nice oh my god also wouldn't come
close touch the heels like I just
couldn't anymore wait can you believe me
right here earlier today know if you
don't think forever feels like a whole
other day oh my god I'm so excited for
this I am like gonna cry this reminds me
of throwing over the world is this a
part of it yeah I'm gonna get blinded by
the light I'm mostly oh come on this is
beautiful
we've about ten minutes that actually
worked out perfect Shai woke up them Hot
Cheetos you bring that yeah I did can't
you only put the pot oh there we go
thank God for the looming days I just
need someone to hold it like anyways
everyone seconds I'm sure I'll hold it
for you oh my goodness that is so
freakin beautiful
I like screamin when it started oh my
god it's beautiful memories oh my god
the thing just went away whoa what the
heck is that new ID no no did that Wow
Wow
what is up you guys I look real rough
I'm also using my case for light so yes
I just wanted to end this vlog because I
realize I haven't really ended a vlog
here yet I really should but it's
currently 3 a.m. and we have to get up
eventually tomorrow we had so much fun
just like sitting and look at the Eiffel
Tower are we were there actually awhile
just like talking and just chillin so
yeah we're going to bed I look ok love
you guys bye
