good morning guys
I don't know if you can hear this but
woke up two people outside of our
apartment cutting down trees like right
outside our window really loud and don't
know if you can hear this and I wanted
starts vlog I'm sorry
you can happy Saturday how are you guys
doing mornings been kind of slow but
that's cool that's cool here's the
makeup I won't look more like a gold
kind of look today we're gonna see if we
like yeah I'm gonna put on some lashes
right now I did homework which was
something I should have done forever ago
so I did some homework really glad
that's out of the way and then we have
some filming to you and I'm gonna be
editing like all night but the plan for
today I mean like realistically I should
probably do some laundry and cleaning
and stuff but won't see if that happened
did they stop oh my gosh please say you
stopped please say you stopped and
Gandalf nope they didn't stop guys that
we got some packages and I'm really
excited I mentioned in the last box that
you saw that I wanted to get a package
and long story short we did up going
they weren't there at the office so we
couldn't get them but I have them today
so I think we should do an unboxing last
time I asked if you guys wanted
unboxings and if you like them 99.9% of
you said yes I guess we will continue to
do the unboxing really excited for the
ASOS order and then glam glow sent me
something so I'm excited to see what
that is because I love their product
probably can't hear me because if the
printed with the chain saw thing outside
my house that sounds really scary but
it's true a person's literally outside
of my apartment with a chain saw thing
not unlike a Chain Saw Massacre away
just like a carrying down trees way okay
actually I'm pretty hungry it is lunch
time definitely you probably thought I
was like 9 a.m. no it's 11
the 133 awkward okay still my PJs and
I've been by awesome platy days I got
these when I'm seventh grade at Rite Aid
and they're men's
they have a hole in the butt but there's
still my favorite PJ's that way they're
so convenient yes but make it was done
on hair I put a whole bunch of dry
shampoo in hair we still got to figure
out what looks the best I'm probably
gonna wear it in a ponytail let's be
real kind of this Mane isn't intense
right now let's get some food get some
food currently making some lunch I know
you guys like to see when I cook and I
always forget to I don't know why I do
cooking up some zucchini and onions
don't know what I'm gonna do in it but
it's a start it's just starting some
hummus that sounds good
so I output what what redo so I open the
package from glam below and there is a
super mud clearing treatment
I love their masks I'm really excited to
try this out and then there's - what is
this lip gloss treatment matte lip
treatment ooh
interesting interesting yeah yeah okay
for the ASIS order I honestly kind of
forget everything that I got because it
was a while ago this order actually got
backorder so it came a little later than
I expected but that's okay oh yeah okay
I remember I remember I got a whole
bunch of like more athletic 40 types of
wear stuff look at this shirt hopefully
it looks cute on me but it's a puma like
crop top it's like turtleneck status and
long-sleeve I thought this was so cute
and it's like dusty pink which you guys
know is like one of my favorite colors
in the world yeah I thought that I'm
totally mixing up my athletic Browns - I
got this sweatshirt which is white and
it's gonna get so dirty but it's Dita's
and I thought it looked really comfy and
cozy and I figured I could just like
wear it out it's so white it's like
almost too white like I know I'd
probably already got like something on
it from this two seconds of touching it
I got a size bigger so it can be even
more like baggy and whatnot so so I got
that kind of debating it can be really
cute about like cut it into an
off-the-shoulder thing we shall take
then
this hat for medidas it's just a gray
baseball cap I wear baseball caps all
the time I kind of have a problem i buy
them way too often this one fits really
good though I have another great one
it's like suede but it doesn't fit that
well so I never really wear it but this
one fits really good really good next is
this shirt I have no idea how this is
gonna look on but it looks really cute
on the model if I can open it so it's
like a crop hoodie and it has a built-in
sports bra and it's long-sleeve also so
I thought that was super cute and
different what brand is this noisy May
yeah I don't know I know like you see
how all this is so sport even the last
thing is some pants they just looked
comfy tbh so they're pants and then they
go like wide in the leg you got there
how about me like yoga pants and then
they have a bow here in the front which
I thought was super cute anyway yes
that is what I got Nia if you're
watching you would like this hat because
it's like like it's not super tight
thinking of you so I laid everything out
so you guys can kind of see it better
because I know it's kind of hard when
I'm holding it all up so there's the
crop jacket with a sports bra and then
here is the crop top Puma long-sleeve
adidas jacket the Hat and then pants
they're like a blue like what is it
marled grey bluish kind of thing the
material I really like you can tell like
it's not gonna get wrinkled and that's
the biggest thing I look at when I buy
clothes there's a quick call for you
guys hope that you liked it oh it's what
we are currently at school we're gonna
get some shots it's the white board good
that's what I need for the video
removing stuff so today guys it's not
even funny so moving so slow
we're like obviously like have to get
this done and I'm just moving so we have
four things to film and I haven't gotten
anything all day
it'll be so quick why she look like a
great student I like the beanie choice
and the glass I like have the teachers
say we're at in and out
do you see that yes number one how do
you feel about that they're on guess
like 80 years 90 something that means
I'm literally guest number one I've
always wanted to be a film got some dude
who films such a funny scene currently
12 14 an and I think think I'm done
editing my video sitting here for at
least six hours because I started it at
six but I was working before that and I
edited a lot last night too so I can go
to bed this is the not so glamorous life
of youtubers that you don't usually see
I feel like I don't know I feel like you
just see the glamour i side sometimes
and you don't really see the hard work /
struggle you know where I'm gonna
actually go to LA and go to Hillsong
then hang out with John Murray and get
some pictures and stuff so I really
wanted to get this video done who could
be up tomorrow and and and I have a blog
ready to go up tomorrow should be good
but should it should should be good what
should should should be good but what
obviously the video is already up by the
time that you guys see this so
definitely go watch it if you haven't
yet and share it with your friends and
yeah I love you guys
I'll see you sir
ah
