good morning guys
how are you um today's Friday so happy
Friday I love Fridays Freddy's are
amazing as you can probably tell we're
currently about to film we were sitting
here at my desk I really liked filming
the last set of thing that you guys saw
in yesterday's or the last walk that you
saw we're gonna try something that
you're here again
oh this is gonna be a really short intro
I just want to try it out like you guys
like longer intros or do you like really
short intros let me know I always just
like want to talk so I feel like I
haven't let you know I mean like yeah
yes but anyways so the worst thing that
could ever happen happened this morning
okay I'm kind of exaggerating our water
heater like broke so I'm getting in the
shower and it's breathing and I had
these really freaking cold shower sucks
and I really needed to wash my hair but
there was like no way I was like uh-uh
it was so cold I couldn't so I put a
whole bunch of dry shampoo in here so if
it's extra oily today I'm sorry guys
don't hate me donate me yeah dry shampoo
scrunched it's just so hopefully it
looks decent but yeah anyways we are
filming I'm excited it's this week's
video you guys are gonna love it and
yeah let's do it is the one last one and
of course we have some coffee this looks
beautiful
yeah I like the twinkly lights the
twinkly lights look bomb yes oh yeah hi
my name is Alicia Marie and if you like
this video then you should definitely
subscribe hey guys filling it is like
smooth I got coffee and I'm really
excited
Marilla really really excited I'm trying
well you know what you may not see this
vlog I'm kind of really behind on my
vlog so I was a lot of editing to do so
you may not see this vlog until after
this video's up so if that's the case
then you guys should go watch it it is
ten annoying things that other people do
I was like why have I never done a video
like this before cuz it's so so there's
so many times where people do things and
you're like cringing like nuts so I
think he's like who's that
they said we have a package in the
office and I'm pretty sure it's an 80 so
this order that I placed like last
week's really hoping it back it's a good
some keep stoked I really want to go yay
we have the intro done we have one thing
done and I have about nine other things
to do so I'm going to and we have some
stuff that we need if I'm trying to said
if I should go get the stuff now or just
like start filming things I might get
all the stuff later okay hold on one
idea taking okay so we are about to go
to Target I feel really okay so mm-hmm
Wow a chef you're gonna see me change a
lot today just because yeah so we're
just we're gonna cut that I'm probably
gonna change like three or four times
today let's be real I'm also here turned
out a lot better than I thought it was
going to you like like sometimes you
just pray that your hair looks good what
it is most likely not gonna look good
but what's funny is if I tried to
actually recreate this on any other day
it would not look like this at all I
know I'm not the only one literally like
when you try to recreate your hair like
messy you don't care and you can't do it
yeah yeah I'm gonna break a nail dude
can you open this for me Eggman now I
need to get a fill anyway so I feel like
that won't help that matters
wait wait wait wait I got literally like
such an amazing sound I used to hate
coconut water until I went to Thailand
this one's good from stops Pharaoh's
brown chicken brown brown brown brown
Tokyo this is a favorite wait you're
gonna wear I am kiss oh my gosh that's
so cute
that's pretty Ashley loves watches yeah
yeah it goes with my oh my gosh oh sure
okay you outfit on Filipe is that my top
no wonder is on fleek just kidding okay
let's go target go boom boom boom boom
boom boom boom
and then we can get my package when we
come back what get my package when we
come back what get my package when we
come back what what what get my package
when we come back what what get my
package we're currently filming so you
guys can see behind the scene Oh
one and done we've got this we've got
this I believe in myself oh there's
sweet
really outfit change number three yes
well this time I just put a jacket hat
on we're right at Target there's some
perhaps to get for this video and I
wanted to film a scene here and what
else we have
Ashley needs big bucks guys Ashley you
look so cute today
oh my god I love coffee cups that's
that's a kneeble you get that bowl
should we get Chloe a Christmas toy look
oh my god that's no that just reminds me
of last year's vlogmas introns oh my
gosh that's so cute
oh my we need a cereal which cereal
shall we get - Cheerios cheerio
oatmeal squares I love these go lean
core unch go lean crunch perfect oh my
god special kit with strawberries is my
favorite cool and now we need
it's so pretty
oh my god I love that can we get wait I
was I was trying not to shop this early
that's okay I love all the light all of
this just makes me so happy I love like
white Christmas you know I mean like why
Christmas mmm okay what am i doing
first of gold tree rose gold that is so
pretty
gosh all the Halloween candy is gone
that's funny I'm better than better than
check it oh good bad that's cute and
those are cute this okay I'm just gonna
like stir and just mister I'm just gonna
stir there's Ashley hi really such a
cute cop I just don't think you babies
pump on cold out the cold out what else
the one name I think I think that's it I
mean I don't need this but I'm gonna get
it you did so much work also this is
going up Sunday so don't forget to watch
my new video it went up today and okay
way to move my two threads
