hey guys and good afternoon I was
literally about to say good morning and
I was like it's just definitely
definitely not morning but that's cool
see ways I probably look like so done up
right now we're about to film and I just
like I don't know I did my makeup and
I'm loving the makeup loving it yeah I
don't know we just we just ended up
looking a little more done up today but
you know I like who says I can't also
I'm obsessed with this choker I got in a
while ago from Nasty Gal and it's like
so cute I was telling Ashley I feel like
what I'm wearing right now like pink
suede in this choker is one of those
things where I'm gonna look back on in
like I don't know five 10 years and be
like oh my gosh what was I wearing but
like you don't care cause it's like I
don't know do you know what I mean so
we're filming if you guys figure if you
figure it out you guys behind the scenes
of today gel seals you might go to the
mall later and I have some editing to
you yes kind of like a chill day look
through it and in this moment I realized
how dirty my mirror is and I need to
clean it because I'm probably full
funghi Hey hi munchkin
hi little one fine little one okay bye
so you're decorating my desk to be
Christmas if I just honestly changing
the background helps so much is this so
cute it's like snow little heart some
twinkly light oh I have to change this
it is not October any longer yeah just
now this is heart with one hands like or
not okay yep yeah it's so much better
that is exciting
want to put it back I think this board
is still the same I like most favorite
DIY I think I've ever done I've never
kept up a DIY this long like I love it
the only thing is I do need to fix that
gotta change that but yes I love that so
much okay we are about to film and we
changed the setting the filming set up a
bit so it could change things up for or
for a bit you know like why not Elena
also I changed my background picture
again because the other one was cute but
I was like you couldn't really tell what
it was from far away but this one is so
cute guys
look at these cookies they look so
freaking good I just want them all wanna
eat them all okay so we got Conan
and definitely subscribe to my channel
if you're new and you want to see more
videos from me because that would make
me really happy update time that we are
done filming it went really smooth I was
really happy with how the footage turned
out like the lighting just looking
beautiful beautiful now I changed
obviously but I did keep the choker on I
love this you guys I think it's so cute
so yeah we're gonna head to the mall
actually has a few things that she wants
to get I don't need anything but I kind
of would love to go to lush and get some
new like face masks and stuff like that
it's been a long time since I've been to
lush and I also need to go to Sephora to
get some powder and I think that's all
the stuff that I like needed fine
but I want to come out of it I'm not
really sure if this goes or if it looks
good but we're just gonna go with it he
said I kept on the choker which is like
a bedazzled holographic type thing
Ashley let me borrow this shirt it's
just a huge oversized baggy t-shirt
which is that's what I really need I'd
love to get some more of those today at
the mall because I have a lot of cute
crop tops but I feel like I don't have
that many like cute clothes and I'm just
wanting to like lounge and you know I
mean grace my shorts and then this one
I'll tie it around my waist and then I'm
wearing my combat boots which I haven't
worn I haven't worn these and who knows
how long it looks like I'm not wearing
shorts but I swear I am hi yeah so that
my outfit
oh now I need to grab my purse Kylie act
like us a little early that's Glenn I've
won one today we were using a black
opium by is saying it all at all
I don't know speaking of it just blew up
this candle obviously and I really want
to get on they have the winter ones out
already I saw they posted on Instagram
I'm like I want to get some alone time
we also took some photos ba-ba-boom like
how cute this is
I like these yeah I actually really like
this set up let me know if you guys like
it I like it for like just a change for
like the holidays and stuff maybe or
maybe just for this video I like I don't
even know I just kind of like the
twinkly lights in background yay look at
that look at all hey seriously looks so
good I love like little twinkly lights
like the pastels like this is so me like
when I can go to me for holiday it's
like pastels and I love we are currently
in Urban Outfitters
if anything the mom can sense it right
yet mom dudes are hard it's not so cute
like all this together so I totally got
like the light dusty pink one now I'm
excited shoes you've wanted those for
like ever campus once but I want more so
nothing Cazale not here or is it just
all cuz oh they have a lot of cute stuff
out right now
it's you can tell it's transitioning to
like the winter even though it's not
winter here yet at all didn't you want
some black jeans just like plain ones
yeah just got some goodies from lush
oh there's escalators are so small when
you have huge back to me this is the
current situation going on right now
what are your guys favorite things to
eat comment below
got some stuffs how abouts do I need I'm
so cold
oh those veggie chips are bomb I love
those Oh ice cream oh my god those are
bomb
chocolate-covered bananas Oh oh my god
oh my gosh you guys if you know me you
know that I love cookie butter oh my god
I'll be back for you one day we are a
secret mission okay we came to surprise
Taryn and then her apartment I haven't
been in mm-hmm
because I was on tour would you move
but guys is just so cute Harry Potter
fan is so cute - how come we're not this
creative we just covered are you kidding
we have to invite cookie hey guys any
time so obviously I'm back in my room I
thought I wanted to edit this vlog so I
figured I should end this through funds
being Tara it was actually my first time
I going over to her a new apartment but
yeah I just wanted to end it today's
vlog and edit it so I could go to bed
and then wake up and start a new new
blog yeah I love you guys so so so much
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
there you go I love you yee-haa
