good morning guys and redo good morning
guys and welcome to today's vlog today
is Tuesday and guess Reagan I'm at Mia's
apartment yay did I hear last night and
yeah I figured I bought it's been a long
time since well it's been a long time to
say have I watched I watched here I'm
gonna fall even here like twice now
maybe three times maybe guys I'm in the
new apartment oh my gosh that's crazy I
am if you do not know that which you
should know because I feel like everyone
should watch both of our vlogs if you
like if you like my buck you would love
her bugs me the same same thing but
different
yeah so exciting we just add a chill
night and I wanted to block this morning
it's like I haven't talked in a while I
haven't blocked with me in a while I
think it's currently like noon is
shortly at 12:00 no yeah
currently 12:30 today starting a little
late of bluff okay I think we're gonna
go and get some juice and maybe go to
the gym and just have a chill chill day
you guys hold on yeah we are walking to
get some
juice oh we're going there here we go
here we go this looks so bomb we got
eight peanut butter protein shake and
look for the good okay hey guys update
my makeup I see you can probably tell
just uploaded yeah Thursday's well the
other didn't Sunday's blog upload a new
blog so that's exciting
I do a makeup some supernatural I've
even put on eye shadow just because I
don't want to put on too much today and
yeah so yeah and my hair's just gonna
buddy town count count got some coffee
thanks to memes because she was
downstairs and they have coffee
downstairs and she brought one up for me
and it's good morning everyone it is
comput I'm so sorry yesterday's vlog was
really short I was like really upset
things I don't know like the next thing
it's honestly me and I really haven't
hung out for the long this time I mean
like we've seen each other but I haven't
just like hung out I love was my first
time like Spagna and her new apartment I
didn't even show you guys an apartment
great so yeah we both just kind of
forgot to vlog so I apologize for that
and but I figured I would combine it
yesterday's footage with today's because
today we are filming all day long you go
behind the scenes and yeah it should be
good should be good and this is almost
ready which makes me a very excited oh
and I kind of can't find the lid so this
is what we get today
my little whiny we're so cute
I would Pat you but my hands are full oh
my gosh stop why are you so cute no
money no money it's my name and mouth
she is my game about to do my makeup and
get ready for the day but I want to show
you guys some new goodies that I got
yesterday I got a couple packages and I
was so excited to open them I forgot to
wait for the vlog I'm so sorry I'm
guessing these are new NARS velvet lip
glide oh my gosh hold on oh my goodness
these are beautiful probably won't use
these colors that much but I know Taryn
would love this because she always wears
red lipstick this one is literally
speaking to me so much then the color
bound it's a really really pretty
topi mob-like dusty pink grayish brown
color and I love it so much
oh my gosh so exciting and then all this
is from Tarte which is also super
exciting hold on I'm gonna open some of
these seas and see them better it looks
like this is their Pro line I'm in love
with this packaging like it's like a
velvet it just looks so sleek and I
absolutely love it so this is the
contour and highlight palette this is so
pretty and then here we have some lip
and I got kind of lazy and I left the
rest in the boxes just because I don't
want to it them out but you can kind of
like get the gist of it they're like
little lip paint and I love these colors
and then here's an eye shadow palette
which is so pretty again I think we can
agree that this packaging is just
amazing like it looks so she's oh I
absolutely love it so now that I have
some new makeup goodies I'm going to get
do my makeup and yeah let's get started
okay make if it's almost done but I
wanted to try out the new lip products
I'm really excited about I'm gonna do
that NARS one that's what it looks like
definitely plummy but I'm down like I'm
I'm down it's unbelievably creamy dude
this color is so pretty I realized that
all these all these colors they're like
perfect for fall which totally makes
sense but they like did it now I can't
tell if this is gonna dry it's like a
lip stick slash liquid lipstick but it's
not a matte liquid lipstick I think
that's what it is I really like it
though let me finish my eyelashes I'm
sure that'll make a big difference
definitely really pretty makes my teeth
look white I love it I think it's so
pretty okay so make it was done and my
hair I was going to blow-dry it and like
curler or something but it literally
just air dried really pretty so I think
I'm just gonna leave it and hope that it
like stays that's pretty cuz I really
like it don't you love when that happens
and it just works out you're just like
that went perfect Ashley be that target
it was like she'd need anything and I
was like yes please get some lashes and
a razor because I was completely out so
we got the Ardell glamour multi pack 105
these are like one of my go-to s love
these and then I haven't tried these
ones yet but these ones look amazing
they're the one of six glamour ones boom
mic drop okay so we are about to start
filming we're gonna film the intro for
this week's video it's gonna go up
Sunday and yeah yeah great mood today
guys last name I feel like I usually am
in a good mood but like dude an extra
good mate I'm still so motivated and
like like you know like yeah allow me
come here little one coming on Danko's
you liked me she never looks me she's
not much of a licker
guys I like my makeup today I did it
different I used like a burnt orange
color on my lid and I feel like it just
it looks along good but it was anyways
anyways yes no I changed my shirt and we
are in our filming set I feel like I
never really where I feel very like
sophisticated right now I'm wearing this
crop top and is from forever 21 I've
actually never worn it I like the gray
with the blonde with this like burgundy
color it's very like do you know what I
mean do you see it do you see what I'm
trying to say even though it's about me
I feel like I'm like just yeah anyway
that
film let's film hi little ones boom boom
boom you guys asked for it so you guys
have asked for it and we're about to
show you some describe to my channel
because I do a lot of videos like that
and yeah well just get on some video so
I was cleaning up my desk and what's
funny is it looks all clean until you
come here and you see all the random
stuff like why is there a baby bottle
pop life question why is there a baby
bottle pop and there I know something is
going so good which makes me really
really excited just touch up my makeup a
little bit because it's been a bit of
bitch Astro time is it
it's 3:10 getting stuff done really
excited oh my gosh you guys ever should
be this put up one of the posters that I
got from Urban Outfitters forever ago
although I kind of this is the thing
I've seen this picture
both upside down and this way and I'm
not sure which is the technical way it's
supposed to go but I've seen them both
ways so if anyone knows let me know I
think it might be upside down also I got
the wrong size for these um for these I
got the wrong size
yep the holder thing that sucks but
that's okay I actually have one more
piece to it that I need to put up it
looks like this it's so cute it's hard
to straighten it out but this is what it
looks like it's just like a pink like oh
so cute and that's so cute it's like a
whole bunch of like pink houses like oh
I have I just need a poster maybe a
frame but if it's framed I don't know I
kind of like the like I kind of like the
the wood ones maybe there or maybe out
in the living room I think is so cute so
this week's video has something to do
with great I just got my hair what
thought am I doing with my life
ice cream oh that's a whole video but
part of the video has something to do
with ice cream stone
I'm debating like eating out of this
tonight while I watch like a sad movie
you know you know like no no I'm not sad
nothing you just like watch like a happy
romantic movie and I just came out of
the carton to my brothers look at Oh
perfect timing at any time it is
currently 10 to 40 p.m. and I wanted to
end this vlog because I think I'm going
to start editing it and the video that
we filmed today so yeah I love you guys
so much thank you so much for watching I
will see you guys tomorrow with a new
loads and yeah baby
