hey guys what is up so I'm so sorry I
haven't been vlogging as much as I
normally would be but if you've been on
my main channel then you know it's
because I've been trying so hard it's
you plan for this huge comeback I'm back
on my main channel and I'm so excited so
I'm gonna have a link to that video in
the description box it's basically me
just saying I'm back and stuff you
should stop this video real quick and go
look at my main channel because it got a
mini makeover and I'm so excited so I
have this huge photo shoot that you guys
probably have seen a little bit teasing
by now
and I actually did vlog a whole behind
the scenes vlog of that day so I wanted
to actually just show you guys that vlog
in this video again I'm sorry I've been
gone a little bit from the vlog channel
but I'm sure you guys understand I'm so
excited I'm back those weird it feels
good it looks good it feels weird I'm
excited I'm a little nervous but I'm
just excited and thank you guys so much
for sticking out these past two months
with me I know I've been very gone
overall but I love you guys so much and
I hope that you enjoy seeing this little
behind the scenes
now this is so cute so we're looking at
the location good morning guys what is
up
today's an exciting little behind the
scenes for you today we are doing a huge
rebrand shoot for me and I'm excited we
found this really really cute little
studio a little hot I'm not gonna lie so
many different areas
there's this really cute little pad this
vanity we have this corner do you see
this swing this thing is so freaking
cute so currently picking up
three branches which basically is all
profile pics new banners new everything
so there's a little pressure because
like what if I don't you know if you
need to like what's going to be your
profile photo for the next like two
years okay we're getting her makeup done
this is the first look and I'm obsessed
with it
I really wish you guys could just follow
me
that would be kind of low-key like
watching how simple totes my eyebrows
because I'm like so determined to master
them yeah you ever uh you kind of get
more of a harsh look I tend to do the
end first because that's where you're a
little bit
you know we can't direct as you get here
you sir
do you everything like thin brows will
come again
yeah definitely I feel like there's a
many trends I hope they never grow big
lambdas now we can go figure now but I
think it's a little I saw
we got a look so we're gonna start over
I am obsessive this look I'm loving the
photos I don't want to change but at the
same time like we should she
I love my dinner I know I'm never eating
them look so good we're gonna change em
up but they're not there's so much work
that goes into stuff like this and like
endless
I totally got a spray tan last night
just kind of sweating
thank you me we're gonna take some
really cute photos neck like against
perfect with a little bit of that can't
talk we have the yellow back job I guess
the quinoa take a little turn with the
blue you know there's so many different
corners to this whole acrylic see you
I'm obsessed with how these turned Oh
Naomi is amazing that's all just yeah
yeah that I can
sexy construction worker let's go you're
going for
you guys just finished the shoot I am so
hot I'm so tired
I've been going really well so gonna
drive home and hopefully it doesn't take
an hour because it might take an hour
but um we got this we got this my kid
Starbucks okay so yeah I was dead by the
end of that day but in the day I looked
I look so rough yeah thank you guys so
much I'm so excited to be back
I'll see you guys later okay peace
