good morning guys I look crazy yes
so currently doing my makeup guys we're
in New York and the fighting though this
lighting dull so today is Beauty comedy
New York we're here for convention I'm
really excited India is here she's
certainly getting ready to UM yesterday
I flew in and guys I had the best flight
of my freakin life like oh my gosh dude
Delta and I was actually on Delta one
like business class and I was like
freaking out it was so amazing if you
guys thought my tweets or my snapchats
you would be able to tell how excited I
was my seat laid down like I was laying
down asleep I went to a deep sleep for
like three hours like dreams and
everything didn't wake up at all amazing
huge huge chance Delta thank you so much
that was the best flight of my entire
life and yeah I like low-key never want
to fly any other way again so yeah as I
said I'm currently getting ready as you
can tell by this baking that's going on
have my makeup here doing it in front of
this beautiful view and we talked about
this view there's a Freedom Tower we are
in New York hi oh my gosh it's like too
much of my face okay would be cool yay
we're getting ready and we got some
breakfast me and I both got the avocado
toast of course we've got some coffee
oh yes oh dude this is a bomb fruit
plate okay here is the outfit oh my gosh
not used to wearing this is me noxious
woman guys she's single
so quote with a smoky eye actually I was
like memes should I go for a more subtle
like I look or a smoky eye just like
smoke yes it's like okay we're doing
this smokey eye just call her uber they
should be here soon we're gonna head
over to the events it's gonna be fun in
so excited to meet so many of you guys
we have a meetup from one to three and
yes cuz I mean who else would I rather
do a meet-up with me we always do our
meetups together Oh
with your name here serious I think
they're coming
gimme gimme
yeah this is so pretty good boobie you
like develop oh hey guys we are back at
the hotel and we're actually headed to
Pennsylvania we're gonna go stay at
Nicki and Gabi's tonight so I'm really
excited for that shoot I want to update
you guys because so much fun so often
meeting so many of you we are currently
at Pindaric in some food I'm just so
hungry we really haven't eaten much
since breakfast I mean Dallas meems
I got salad and then I got fed soup I'm
really excited yes
Walmart literally I was like oh my gosh
we need this getting some stuff
Walmart Adventures probably or something
to collab you gotta get the good maybe
yes
no currently at niki and gabi is
actually quite a bit late it's like 240
a.m. it's really late i have been
editing we've just been chilling
watching TV and stuff so i was gonna go
to bed but I want to in this vlog before
I do if yeah tomorrow we were filming so
that'll be a fun like nuclear what
that'll be your phone's log for you guys
and yes again thank you to everyone who
came to our meetup today was so nice
meeting all of you guys and I had a
great time and yeah I love you guys so
much
give me their words me and goodnight
love you guys what up today is Monday
and we are filming overlap yeah well you
started it earlier for me do you want
started like this do you wanna build a
snowman
Toto really look amazing ok so we are
filming a video obviously this is
Halloween related I'm not even gonna try
to hide it pretty dang obvious the last
time I was in it also costume me a
little bit she's a beam yeah yeah yeah
yeah
she's a be she's a be she's mission well
not right now we actually just filmed
yeah these are my double chin exercises
a you
I hate girls smile come on you can't go
trick-or-treating until we take a
picture smile rent no show your teeth
Nicky show your teeth okay one two oh
yeah almost 3 a.m. today was seriously
such a long long day so I apologize if
there's like hardly any footage
