oh my hair be crazy good morning guys
how are you today is Monday and we are
all back from New York from this weekend
it was so much fun I uploaded it that
vlog today not too long ago so go watch
that if you haven't yet so yeah how
about super exciting good morning Ashley
good morning guys hi hi how are you got
some coffee
copies of like yeah I was thinking I'm
gonna start getting ready because I have
a meeting later today at 12 ish noonish
it's 12 issue - what my talking about I
have that but I was thinking that I
might into a livestream while I'm doing
my makeup because normally I just like
vlog but I thought a live stream could
be cool while I get ready and so I don't
know I don't know I did a live stream
the other day over the weekend and I
really liked it I know there were some
glitches but I'm pretty sure like
they're fixed now I basically it looks
like I uploaded a video in your sub box
but it's a live stream and stuff so I
don't know like let me know if you guys
like them I'm gonna do another one today
and then if you guys want more I'll
definitely do more if you go to my
videos on my vlog channel you guys can
even watch them back which is really
cool stuff oh let's do that let's start
getting ready battery is flashing
oh this lighting is so much better I
should just start it over here coffee is
like a gift a beautiful gift okay okay
so we're getting ready and I figured I
would start my livestream now because
why not let's do it let's do it let's do
it I was watching some YouTube videos
doing my makeup I got my Glaber County
back out I'm so excited it's been a long
time since I've used this I love this
thing so much it's just like so easy to
do your makeup I need to get a new bag
because my old one broke but yeah I just
I love this love this love this um yeah
hyemi what uh oh hey me so yeah this is
the setup we got going on right now yes
also I have been obsessed with this
palette I don't know what it's called
but throw kindness around like confetti
it's like Tarte palette did a little one
I've had this for a while but I just
haven't used it it is literally the most
perfect I shot it like it's the perfect
amount of eyeshadows so I love this I've
been using it so much lately
okay you guys gonna see you
the scenes of vlog right now my hair so
bad okay
update I'm so currently getting ready as
you can see to get two types of mascara
I love to do but uh yeah also I'm
currently live streaming right now you
guys okay I say hi to the vlog hi
hopefully this vlog will be up tomorrow
if not it will definitely be up the next
day yay hi okay so makeup is done and
I'm going to go finish getting ready my
hair needs to be done and I need to
figure out what I'm wearing today
because PJ's probably won't cut it you
know yeah you think you should everyone
who came to my live stream if you missed
it don't worry it's on my channel
actually you just have to go to my
videos under this channel like go to
videos and you will see it you can watch
it yeah that was really fun and I
finished getting ready and I was like
multitasking like the weather they go
shopping yesterday and I wanted to show
you the few things that I got so in from
- mini haul let's do it the first I went
to Topshop and I got 4 things the first
thing is this velvet jacket I love this
I love it so much like honestly it's
really soft and it's really just like
cute little bomber jacket I'm like I
wouldn't go for stuff like this but I
love the like the flower detailing and
stuff and I like I don't know I really
liked it so I got that got something
leggings and I love these because I
don't know if you can tell but it's like
mesh right here so it'll show your skin
through but just a little bit like
there's only like those two lines and
yeah it's like I have leggings but I
don't really have like cute trendy
leggings if that makes sense
then this skirt you can tell there's
like a theme going on here
black with like embroidery like juicy it
has this really really pretty flower
detailing on it I love it I think I
might wear this today honestly I love
this so much
and then lastly from Topshop I got this
choker and it's literally just a black
simple suede choker but I don't actually
have any like this I have a million
chokers and I wear a choker literally
every single day so I was excited to get
like a plain one
but yeah it's everything from Topshop
and then the last thing that I got is
from Free People it's this really pretty
oversized flannel that looks like this
and I was really picturing it like open
I don't know I'm I might mmm what am I
saying you may even wear this today I
feel like that could be really pretty
everything that I got yeah that was my
shopping in New York that's what I got
don't mind the fact that I'm literally
holding an apple and paper towels and
all that stuff but here's my outfit I
figured you guys had one with you I
ended up wearing the new leggings that I
got from Tom's shop and I just picked
the cord out put my hair in a ponytail
because it's disgusting wearing the new
choker jacket in the Topshop
sure it is Ashley's leggings a Topshop
shoes are from Steve Madden oh okay
let's go time so today I've been driving
for hours like literally and then I had
rush hour I got in rush-hour traffic
coming home so I was driving for maybe
even like two hours cuz it was a lot so
meeting with good clearly you can tell
I'm gonna go to the gym it's been such a
long time and I've worked out I think
the last time I worked out was what city
was that we were in oh we're in Idaho I
worked out like twice over to her that
was it they're gonna go to gym and we
were saying how people have been like
are you still friends with you like
watch my blog we got captain the Hawaii
long misty we're gonna go the gym we're
gonna get hairy so I just ended I didn't
it at this vlog and I wanted to end it
so thank you so so so so much for
watching and I will see you guys really
soon with a new book I love you so much
and yeah I love you baby I said I love
you like four times so here's okay let
me bite look
