good morning guys what is up so it's the
first day back in my bed felt really
weird waking up this morning yeah
not gonna lie though it felt really good
felt good
so it's today is September 20th I want
to say it's about like 10 a.m. I slept
so freakin good you don't even know Oh
tears this looks so good so good you
probably talked with my Harris so Roger
I know so we're back home and the
apartment blogs are back I know a lot of
you missed em I miss them too honestly
like I love travel vlogs but I also love
just like chillin at home vlogs so today
I have a huge catch-up day so much
laundry to do I have a lot of cleaning
to do I have some filming I want to get
done I want to get up a vlog there's
just yeah there's just like stuff that I
want to do so yeah oh my gosh I feel so
weird to be back thank you guys so much
for just like sticking through the tour
blogs if you didn't like them and thank
you for I don't know but like what my
thing my hands just like chillin here my
knees come here baby camera everyone
says hi everyone loves you and you love
you huh she probably got I should
probably be productive and that's really
comfy it's really comfy
I'm so bad right now so yeah I feel like
I should do something productive you
know get up
I can't but your face is just so cute
did you miss me did you miss me are you
gonna act like you didn't even miss me
love me my room is a mess a complete
mess and I have to clean it but what's
sad is it's probably gonna get a lot
worse before it gets better because I
still have to uncut the series oh yes
okay
also this happens when you're a youtuber
and you're gone I literally have like 10
packages that I need to open there's 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 I think there's like 9 or
10 what the heck oh my gosh I think I'm
gonna make it yes
oh my gosh yes there with my tripod I'm
sitting at my desk I'll do my makeup go
to watch some YouTube videos and let's
do this okay update time it is currently
12:00 at 46 I am shown in the kitchen
I'm gonna be working on this vlog I
really really really want to get it up
so like it's so cheesy sad nostalgic
like it's a lot I literally just cried
when I was filming um some parts right
now and I was like oh my god at least
you're actually crying like what stop
but yeah it's different so I'm gonna be
recount about mooss today so I'm gonna
import all that footage right now I am
unbelievably starving so I'm gonna get
some lunch
also I start some laundry cuz I got that
to do also my parents are coming over
later today and I'm so excited because I
ordered the iPhone 7 and it got
delivered to their house so they're
bringing it over so I'm gonna switch
over my phone so I just hiding for that
you guys don't even know it's almost as
if Apple was like oh it's time for a new
phone to come out let's have everyone's
phone just died because that's literally
what's been happening like it will not
keep it charged for anything that's
happened to so many friends too so
you'll see what I got later really
excited for that but yeah we're gonna
import this boom got some lunch I made
like a zucchini pasta type thing I also
don't even know I just like made it
whatever and we are currently editing so
where I'm gonna be I'm just gonna stand
here for the next few minutes that album
yes I'm not gonna lie it feels really
nice having like home vlogs I'm so
excited to edit this vlog and put it up
tomorrow cuz you guys are gonna be like
so excited and like I'm gonna be excited
it's gonna be great it's gonna be good
I'm gonna eat and I'm gonna edit I
really want to get this video up today
so I'm really gonna try just to like
bust it out but but but bust it out well
yeah and it's definitely time for some
coffee because that sounds freaking
mazing oh wait this is cute fun fact
this is like my go-to coffee cup that I
use basic
oh my god it's been so long since I've
seen like this on this vlog camera oh my
god it feels so weird this is what
happens when you're gone for a really
long time you have a million packages
open let's do this who that is zoom in
on my face let's not not do that okay so
as you see we have so many boxes that
we're about to open right now and unbox
for you I'm gonna try to do it quick
because there's a lot and I'm sure you
guys don't want to sit here for 20
minutes watching me unbox and stuff so
so my tripod first thing is this one ooh
this is the Tarte Holiday Collection
palette what oh my gosh this is
beautiful
I loved her makeup oh my gosh but these
are like colors I'll use you know how
like somehow there's colors that you're
like oh that's a cupid I'll never use
that like I'll actually use all of these
literally this is so beautiful oh my
gosh thank you so much from us oh oh my
god oh my god you see this video is this
gonna be like the new things futuristic
stuff right here oh my gosh it's crazy I
got some editing I got a lot of editing
done it's nowhere near being done but I
figured before the Sun goes down because
it's like so cloudy today I should open
these for you guys because well I also
want to open them too so so don't feel
like Christmas I've so many ooh dr.
brand oh my god oh my god okay
this is dr. brand I wanted to that's how
you say it oh my gosh but they sent so
much like skin stuff I feel like after
tour I really need kind of like a detox
like a good mask tonight you know name
so oh my gosh this is so weird but my
camera keeps turning off oh crap on
finishing guidance is a pleasure working
with you and we hope to do so again in
the near future thanks for everything
oh my gosh awesomest sent me a backpack
for shooting with guidance with them and
like
always wondered one of these backpacks
and you guys don't have a backpack
obsession oh my gosh I love thank you so
much but we have their new studio skin
15 we're hydrating foundation and three
colors waterproof concealer in two
shades photo finish primer which I love
actually use this all the time I'm
currently using it right now like I love
it photo finish primer oil day beautiful
heart works of Tarte holiday 2016 their
whole holiday collection they have black
to Black's a brown and a blue I've never
seen this before it's literally like
mini gel eyeliners in tube forms I've
never seen this this is so cute I would
buy this cans damn and they have four
blushes and vibrant Jing is pop royal of
their brushes with a brush which is so
cute oh we got lip paints those look
really pretty so that's what those look
like they're the blushes and then the
gel liners oh my gosh
I ordered some boots from Nasty Gal
while I was on tour I just like to
splurge and did it and I was like you
know what I won't get it till I'm home
but I don't care
I'm gonna buy them anyway and I'm sorry
if this camera is shaking because you're
on my bed they're very very very goopy
shoes what we have some black knee-high
boots with like studs all over the front
which are so pretty oh my gosh now I
have this huge mess to deal with and
this huge mess to deal with
and laundry to deal with I don't want to
move I don't want to melt can I just not
like not deal with my room situation
right now it's too much for me to handle
really though it was so clean yesterday
until I came home guess who got her vlog
up I'm really excited and it's like 8:23
now yes my parents came over they ran to
go get some dinner so my phone is here
but I was thinking I'm gonna wait till I
can like back up my phone and all that
stuff I might even open it tomorrow
morning cuz I was thinking like oh it
would be nice to have like good lighting
and like actually like unbox it and
stuff call monies she this little one
two seconds to go I'm sitting here and
the next thing you know she jumps up on
the table like she jumps the peon and
jumps on the table I was like
oh yeah how long have you been doing
that she's clearly done it before cuz he
did it way too easy
so softly laundry and stuff to clean and
yeah hey guys so it is a lot later now I
edited it today's vlog yeah I stated not
go as planned I didn't do any of my
laundry and I didn't do any cleaning but
I did get a vlog up and I did edit this
vlog and yeah I just washed my face and
I have moisturizer like all over it
that's why I look and disgusting yeah
anyways I love you guys I'm gonna go to
bed and LC plural bye MA
