hey guys what is that so today it was
today
2:54 Thursday September 8 I can't
believe it's already September 8 right I
can't see right yeah blog Patty and
Shana what are you what are your
Instagram my name is red kisses and my
FF breakfast is 20 foods follow them and
they kill it can you guys teach you some
cumin yeah well we politely
yeah oh I didn't see you there a wild
Jesse has been spotted - yes mermaid can
I see so cute booty with the booty what
booty what I'm going around shaking
everyone say just like a Twitter family
blog they know yeah I'm wearing blue
today I'm gonna look like a Spice Girl
this shirt that's so cute
Nicki hello your hair looks beautiful I
feel like I look like so girls table no
you look good y'all like go ahead with
the burger
I'm me I'm crystal
oops sorry
so guys
rather than you were in today is super
cute I don't know what that is
it looks confusing and maybe like trash
but I think it's probably something
important
these are all the people ready and
waiting for the pre-show party to begin
we survived pre-show vibes Dustin reach
over
so clear what my job ready Nikki kill it
so Gabi is pranking Nikki and she put
tape on her but cuz they always like a
lip-sync battle and Nikki was turned
around like does this barn thing so to
the crash but hey this is Gabby um cuz
they like they like fight like during
it's funny so I'm just totally freaking
out
Nichola ha yo I have so much of that on
this video
no it was put in the collaborative as
people
what never we would never do that to you
Gabriela how do you feel about your
prank how did it go for you today
holy shit you're not Alicia visibly
she's vlog Alyson Stoner backup dancers
yeah we're a bunch of showers so what we
usually do is we all just like get a
hotel the shower and I show it so good
it was really good
wasn't it yeah with a bunch of girls and
their moms like can I have your
autograph
can I get your number just in the green
room with Jessie and with Rob so Walmart
yeah yes okay so this is Rob he's our
tour manager what would you like to be
known as
to measure on this is Dustin hi Dustin
all right why you look so upset
well I'm a little upset entities always
boom check Wow
oh yeah and I just work we were five
weeks into the tour five weeks five
weeks and I'm just finding out about
barbecue boom chicka pop hey we had some
but you were not any work you weren't
around why don't I have why does it mean
to be a really good show do you want to
see my else's yes black choker from
forever 21 is from Urban Outfitters
skirt it's from Macy's boots are from
Nordstrom I've been wearing these boots
numb thumb cuz I like dim yo okay Joe's
going on right now I figured I'd just
show you guys all behind the scenes
sorry this vlog is kind of combined but
I figured why not yeah I love your
outfit Jesse thank you ochio so chaotic
it is here Oh putting on the leather
jacket what do you do to warm up for the
show to work
yeah
