good morning sliding is beautiful it's
not this good morning guys it's so
update time today we're in Miami we have
some off date here which I'm really
excited for so get excited for a really
adventurous and a butterball we are
currently at breakfast you guys are
rooms aren't ready for like at least an
hour
going on of new watch see up really soon
which I'm excited for and I'm gonna
upload a main Channel video later today
something better for death yeah I've
never been here before so really excited
too
to the beach what we're going to the
beach what oh my god I still free
oh my gosh oh my god this is so nice oh
my god this is so nice this is my first
time on a Florida beach so excited and
this totally reminds me of Dexter which
is up daytime so we ended up going to
the beach in swimming bourbon it was so
nice it's just really hot you might
you're going to get some one-e-and I'm
excited it's so pretty here to see this
guy I can't thank you the orange so
we're all happy these hotels are my
Instagram aesthetic and I love it so
much
guys I seriously love it here and also
that was like one of the best meals I
think I've had in my life or recently
honestly
hey guys okay we're good so I'm in my
hotel room and honestly Isis vo you have
to see it it is so beautiful
it's just Murr in this room it's so
bright and white like my Instagram which
just makes me so excited do you see this
view this is beautiful and perfect it
seriously so it's so nice I get a little
balcony wait can you
I don't wanna way through this know both
damn both ping come on there we go oh my
gosh I cannot wait to take pictures oh
my freaking gosh oh my gosh this is so
beautiful
I'm inviting yummy never been to Miami I
love it already
oh my gosh Miami hotel room to her / of
you what is this we were out there
earlier I wish I blogged earlier I
totally forgot so I'm so sorry oh my
gosh do you see this ooh
don't die Alicia that'd be great really
quickly this is what the hotel room
looks like here is a bathroom you walk
in here's mirror hey what's up and then
here's the room it's so cute I love it
there's this little like table area over
here we got some beds
I think Nikki and I are gonna end up
bunking together because we both have
rooms by ourselves we're like why not
have a sleepover yeah feel ya pill so
this is what the room looks like you
have a TV
oh no I need to upload a main Channel
video and I think everyone's gonna leave
in like a little over an hour to get
dinner and I totally forgot that I need
to finish my voiceover and upload in my
video for today that's what I'm gonna do
it right now hopefully I can get it done
so fast sometimes I struggle with
voiceovers I feel like every youtuber
can attest to that it's gonna be a
struggle hopefully this works out you
guys are gonna laugh at me at how many
times there we do boys overs but I'm
cool I'm cool we got this we got this we
got this we got this okay what can I put
you guys so you can witness called it
here we go we got this oh here we go
another day where we have to put on some
makeup oh this sucks
seriously though why do girls have to
deal with this so read it out I think
I'm gonna move you over here cuz this is
a way better lighting it doesn't make me
doesn't it doesn't make me more
beautiful I'm just as beautiful with or
without makeup okay look the art I don't
need this
I love makeup makeup it's awesome what
it what am I even did you get that what
was what like that yeah makeup Oh stupid
I'm gonna do it
yeah makeup oh my gosh I love makeup you
guys I finally finally finished my
voiceover and my hair's our hot mess
right now so happens we go swimming
until Sean anyways I just finished it so
I think I'm going to export it and get
it up for you guys I'm so excited I'm
actually like this is a really different
video it's well I guess you'll see the
video before you see this vlog so it's
basically girls how girls think before
and after a situation it's like it's
really funny thought process it's really
funny I'm like it I like it a lot baby
here we go export it I'm really excited
I think you guys gonna love this let me
know if you like it if you haven't
watched it yet and you're watching this
vlog definitely go over to my channel
and watch it because it is up it is up
it is up for this to happen and it's so
I'm really excited about that
you ready you ready I put it on my
snapchat and Instagram story so if you
guys follow both of those you would have
seen this kind of clip about three times
here's the thumbnail shaving breakups
dealing with all that stuff and just you
know how girls think the thought process
so go watch it go logical want to go
watch it okay so now that that is done I
am going to go back up to Nikki's room
and I think we're just gonna start
getting ready cuz everyone's just gonna
hang out tonight get dinner whatnot so
might as well try to look somewhat
decent maybe put some dry shampoo in
here to get rid of all this ocean Mist
that's in my hair right now yeah okay
and I should probably done this yes yay
yeah oh this is my insect repellant
thing because there's like mosquitoes
and a thing here again so that's what
that bracelet is for in clintus the crew
wondering anyways i keep rambling let's
do it hi Nikki hi Alicia I love your
tutorial setup hello fitting not a
suitcase what she's sitting on a
suitcase
why do when her makeup sitting on a
suitcase yeah she be sitting on a
suitcase I really wanted to get that
pallet oh you like it
it looks beautiful like it do you like
like it like it what do you lights get
question yeah good glad your brush i
have animal what kind of like a piece
yeah this is what we got set up a going
on over here set up going on over here
yes we're doing our makeup doing our
makeup I'm just in a weird mood I guess
I don't know yeah um honestly I was just
kind of bored I like we have time to
kill so I was like I'm I'll just like
redo my makeup do you do that like you
don't have to redo your makeup but you
just redo your makeup cause why not no
yeah
bam bam bam bench step 24
okay these walls are so thin I can
literally hear whoever's next to her I
don't blow drying their hair you know
what you can probably dirty weathers
next door because they're blow drying
their hair I heard them talking earlier
to I'll be back but makeup is done oh my
gosh I was not expecting it to be this
dramatic I also don't mind the fact that
a room is a complete mess yeah don't
mind that also can we talk about the
fact that there are no other lights in
this room I know it looks really bright
on camera but I swear it's not there's
only a little likeyou here okay this is
the room there's some little lights here
there's a little bit of light here like
what what hey guys so I just got ready
for bed and once you end this vlog we
ended up going to dinner and then coming
back and doing face masks and just
chillin and stuff so I figured I should
edit this vlog and I hope you guys like
this two-minute like States log I go to
bed I love you so much and I'll see you
guys tomorrow what's like the new book
Hey
