so we are currently at Vista house it's
really cool like lookout point this
conceit and it's so pretty
no seriously it's so gorgeous
we're dead Oh entities urns
oh yeah we went to school together so
you're showing us around it seriously so
pretty like the Sun coming through oh
and there's a bridge over there that
we're gonna go to y'all came up to the
at the time we've been hiking and what
is it called
Juanita one Eathorne juanio turf phone
we just climbed all of this this is only
one side of it it was intense I made it
I swear the camera does no justice i
feet are wet but it's cool it's so
pretty here as I'm standing it this
beautiful whatever the fifth - she's so
pretty
exploring organ oh I feel like I'm in
drastic
that is adorable
you have to hike over what you get is it
bomb it's really I got it
hey guys so we are back at the iris up
the apartment nope we're back at the
hotel but we're actually leaving right
now we made a nail appointment because I
need them right honey my nails done so
bad and then after that I think we're
just gonna get some dinner hang out
today was so much fun a huge shout out
to Serge for taking us through or oz was
a Portland and organ together and it
came out weird mark getting our nails
done you what color you get a good so
many no really really really good I
don't know if you can see this but this
is literally the best my nails have been
in a really long time so I'm excited
about that yeah and then I got a
pedicure I'm just gonna pay here in
America so you're headed to get some
dinner and then I think we're gonna
probably one of the most famous like
food things and Portland called free to
join us apparently it's better than
California donuts so we'll see about
that
look where we are
Oh
okay guys we got some time so we're
literally was like maybe ten minutes
it's definitely worth it it was really
good both I'll let you know it's really
good a chocolate one and eight maple one
I'm excited it's our last night here in
Portland if we absolutely tomorrow
morning to go to Seattle excited to go
to Seattle I've never been there never
been to Washington so I am excited for
that but I am set to leave and I'm sad
for you to leave me yes for me this is
gonna be our last target adventure for a
very long time together a month anyway I
needed some like little things like a
man hook some tape and I figured you
know what I probably need some other
stuff like I don't have hairspray I
don't have hairspray this whole trip
yeah just want to make a quick target
run cuz it was right across it was right
near our hotel and yes my claim I need
hair ties where is just your average
these ones yeah that looks person yeah I
think that'll work
I don't want like too big of one you
know oh you know now I need what do I
need
no did I really need hairspray really
bad so let's see going q-tips I didn't
bring so much stuff
yay getting stuff yay let me took
forever to find hooks and their five
percent off that is great I mean
dudududududududud done done done done
okay I think I got everything
hopefully it is it really isn't too much
outside like I needed I just want to
make sure because this might be the last
time we'll be out of target in a long
time
oh there's candy guys this stuff is so
cute look it it's an eraser that says
oops it was adorable and look at the DIY
yes DIY yeah impromptu you at Target ha
done - done and done
so we got some body wash we got some
travel shampoos and conditioner we got
some shaving cream bomb hair spray a
loofah some command hooks hair ties
q-tips and some batteries Mario and I
hope that you like snacks Harrogate Hall
yes hey guys so I just wanted to end it
tonight's vlog is currently 11
twenty-something and we're supposed to
be in the lobby at 6:30 a.m. so I will
probably get up later tomorrow I
normally would edit it right now really
tired so I'm gonna go to bed um but yeah
I love you guys so so so so much now see
you guys next time
and yes bye say bye to a she wants here
for a while oh my god
