good morning means time to wake up
otherwise I'll have to make you get up
hey guys what is up
so we are currently in a better headed
war thus the nation should be a good car
right
use them oh you should definitely watch
yesterday's vlog to you I'm gonna put a
public soon ish that's what we're doing
Nicosia means is you I'm here
Virgin America please
we're poor so we don't know where are we
even going
well do you we can just go to the self
check-in and check-in and you'll see
where it is
I'm so excited for them I think they
feel Alicia was planning us out major
tours of that because if knowing he knew
it
so far we have an open speech you're
going Remy cannot come over here
Oh run a champion IBM I got cancer
stolen my truth collective all famous as
the famous number one desirable I do
what I want when I want and how I want
it leave you with the one yeah I gotta
throw I don't care ok guys so we just
got to the hotel we're actually waiting
for the other room to get ready so we're
all piled yeah
so we're gonna get some food I hope
you're excited for these San Fran
adventures definitely um funny enough to
have unis see more yeah we made it out
of the hotel and we are headed down to
the pier hit
you never really had green Everly so we
are at bog Harbor fish house and we're
so excited to eat because we've
literally have fairly eaten all day and
we're really excited yeah let's see what
we want
we got our food and someone's happy
literally like forward it's so cute here
oh my gosh I'm seriously like I think
it's so adorable here he named this
seagull Steve thanks Steve
hey guys see we're back in the hotel
room and I was just editing today's vlog
and I was like wait I need to end it so
hopefully you guys liked this vlog and
I'll see you tomorrow with a new one and
guess I love you guys
