you know like obviously I have grown up
and I don't know how long I can can be
doing back-to-school stuff good
morning's all right I looked at the
screen that's the biggest thing the
blogger 101 you don't look at the screen
you look at the lens anyways it's up
guys so guys I finally found you welcome
to the vlog today is Thursday and it is
July 12th we got the coffee also if you
guys thought yesterday's vlog
yesterday's vlog Wow I can't open this
with one finger if you guys saw the last
vlog and you would know that we ordered
some patio furniture and it looks so
good the lighting is kind of funky cuz
it's like really bright but this part is
kind of in the shade but um yeah guys
I'm obsessed if like our backyard is
finally starting to come together we go
on chill here whoo oh my god do I look
like Justin Bieber right now like with
my hair I feel like I kind of do I don't
know if that's a compliment to I advice
I don't really know this is gonna weird
you see it I fully see right now anyways
we're chilling we got the morning coffee
yeah guys oh my god okay so yesterday I
had a really exciting shoot if you guys
saw my Instagram live I basically showed
it on Instagram a little bit on snapchat
had a really exciting shoot working with
the best
behind-the-scene say hi real live yeah
that's good which was basically my
rebrand shoe to sit on the floor I
teased a little bit for you guys I
actually did vlog and I do have a full
vlog going up I'm not sure when I want
that to go out I'm not sure what I want
to do with that footage I'm like so
excited and pumped just for like my
channel and everything not only my
channel but just like everything like
it's so exciting I don't know I feel
like I should just like update you guys
a little bit wow we're starting this
vlog off strong we're just going
straight into the questions and
everything gotten a ton of questions
about when I'm coming back to my channel
and actually tweeted out the other day
that it's definitely gonna be sometime
this month
here's the thing I think a lot of people
think it's just so easy to put up a
video so it's kind of like why do you
need so long I feel like the first month
and a half of me being gone was just for
me mentally honestly to like take a step
back and like have fun live my life just
like remember who I am without YouTube
in a way because then once I started
vlogging like the Greece trip and stuff
like I really I have been working since
then it just doesn't seem like it cuz I
feel like the main Channel show I don't
know whatever and then the past three
weeks have really been me working to get
back I don't know like it's not just
like uploading a video I think a lot of
this is actually my personality like I
really really really want to do things
right so I could easily get a video to
post tomorrow but like one I want my
first video back to be just like I want
to be super proud of it and I want to
love it I have a few ideas but those are
coming like I wanna do things so right
and what I mean by doing things right is
like I want to have a new banner I want
to have hopefully a new intro you know
what I mean like I want to have a new
series like it's a fool like rebrand and
I have so many ideas and it's been a lot
of work but it's been so worth it for
the first time like just thinking about
how I want it to be and I'm just like
that's why it's taking a while but
having that shoot yesterday I feel like
really helped me I don't know it was so
fun like having so many ideas and seeing
it come to life and that took so our
viewers can tell from like the clips but
there were so many people involved and I
ran out of memory
another huge question I've been getting
is not only what I'm coming back but
also if I'm gonna be doing a school Esha
this year you don't watch my channel
last year basically uploaded twice a
week I had this whole back to school I
like kill
back-to-school season back-to-school in
general and stuff and I am gonna be
doing school Isha this year obviously I
have grown up and I don't know how long
I can be doing back-to-school stuff but
I actually have thought of a few really
really really cool ways to do it and
even do it better but I'm kind of
needing some help so I need to find
people that can help me with the ideas
that I have because honestly they're so
good need it to happen but yeah I'm
definitely am I'm gonna be posting
school Isha this year it definitely will
not be as much as last year because like
I said last year I started it top of
July uploaded like twice a week to like
September honestly so there was a lot of
school content and I don't want to just
like repeat the same exact ideas I kind
of want to like change it a little bit
like there might be a few that I do the
same but yeah so school each is still
gonna be lit though let me tell you that
date time it is currently at 2:17 p.m.
I've been sitting here all morning
working getting stuff done Ashley has
been sitting here for five minutes but
she's also working however both of us
are kind of heading like a little old oh
I think we should get some gold fees do
you see how we're related mean I was the
one asking yeah so you don't need a bag
I feel like I should get ready but I'm
actually going to an event tonight so
maybe I'll wait to get ready later my
skirt is like up mm-hm
that's cute I like fee on this shirt and
my dresser and really I haven't worn in
so long
you know why I haven't worn it and so
long because Ashley always steals it
from me
but I forget I have it because you
always take it no you literally worth it
every single day for a month not even
don't sass me don't start don't sass me
other ones talking and I'm ready to go
get coffee I just eat a minute hey ash
I've ordered okay you're gonna want
tomorrow it's secure
thinking going on that song is about all
day
here's Zeit ha it has a thick shoulder
and a thin shoulder you're not looking
at as a thick shoulder and bottom thing
you has a thick shoulder and a thin
shoulder and then this part goes under
here it's the brand and then the bottom
look at the bottoms are like as thank
you well hip action so I got that that's
not all so guys new vlog is for some
reason I loved this vlog more than
normal vlogs let me know if you guys
felt the same way I freaking loved it it
is best Instagram spots in LA so I show
you guys if you I'm assuming most of you
guys thought but I showed you guys along
for a photo shoot so yes boom Berta
brown brown brown hey ash are you
finally ready are you sure you don't
look ready you're tying them wrong let's
go
I'll be in the car the one big plus to
Ashley running late is I can hop in her
car which means she's driving she always
get so mad at me because I do this I do
have a question can I find out what
number you were using to message was it
this number okay okay all right thank
you we'll be there shortly
all right so our groomers just called
and said Chloe's ready and they were
just like she's the most perfect little
angel most well-behaved little thing
really she just started dying because
it's not true no Chloe is so good but
she's sassy with eyes
it's a I genuinely feel like a mom I'm
like what angel do you hate you're
talking about
I purpose is that in your car so you
enjoy I figured you do that a lot
let's see I see it I noted thank you
one two three take it I'm not gonna make
this spill over it one two three we got
the goods
she has jeans do you Ashley driving okay
now we can go get clothes
Chloe made Chloe I don't think she likes
the flowers Chloe
Club I'll take them off oh look who's
all clean come here are you sir cute sit
good girl the deeds been done you look
like you again babe yeah we keep to a
song we don't like them hello he's
having a photo shoot update time it is
currently I think six o'clock or so all
right my hair dried so I'm actually
going to an event tonight with hourglass
and Ashton I are gonna go over to Remy's
and then we're all gonna go together so
I'm excited for that but unfortunately
that means I have to put makeup on my
face right now unfortunately but I'm
just like really don't want to do that
oh okay one thing I can say is I'm
actually working on something exciting
and I need your help if you're willing
to basically if you have any super
awkward or embarrassing stories story
times anything like that can you email
them to omg awkward submissions at
gmail.com how are you and in your email
like be as thorough as possible
preferably like a paragraph or two or
like even longer would be better it's
just super detailed and yeah but I'm not
gonna tell you what it's for but it is
for something really fun and I think you
guys are really gonna like it
although I mentioned to you guys that I
have been getting really good at my bras
lately and one thing that I use is the
bravo bravo Bravo Bravo conditioning
primer from benefit I actually really
like this it's just like a gel primer
that you put on before you do your brow
no I never thought I needed like a gel
for my brows but this actually just
makes a big difference
so hard to get your eyebrows even ice
wear so today I was really trying to
come up with the first few videos and
I'm gonna post on my main channel when I
come back whoa I was overthinking
everything
hey you know the one thing that sucks
about going to makeup events you have to
have you bacon looking good powder I've
heard it so many good things about the
soul a tan ditional the bronzer but
scream I already set my foundation with
powder so it's probably not the best
thing fun oh good but it's okay because
been going with the Kat Von D shade and
light palette one over my babe this is
actually one of the blushes I've been
loving it's exposed by Tarte I've
actually been using this blush for the
past five six months I either use this
blush the expose from Tarte or max I
can't even read it I'm not even sure
what this is it looks like that right
it's not myself at all my lashes look so
ghetto like I don't know if you can see
but they're all just out but do you
still have mascara from the day before
Oh makeup is done lips are not done but
my lipstick is in my purse downstairs I
think this is what I'm gonna wear
actually might wear another top but it
is it downstairs so should we go do that
also the whole air dry hair kind it goes
with the vibe so I may not have to do my
hair which would be amazing it's kinda
like grungy and it goes with the vibe
update I'm wearing the corn change the
shirt hold on let me look at him change
the shirt anyways
currently headed to REM these I see
Daisy man I'm very excited it's been a
bit been a bit
look how ratchet my lashes look you're
so man woo traffic
the queen is vlogging you look great you
look good hello
right this is so cool so we just got to
you at the event there's this really
cool light projector so when you stand
here it's like module
I was asked to log I don't exactly know
what is up guys a quick update we came
home and they're sliding so we just got
home I just want to end this vlog and I
hope that you liked it and I'll see you
guys that really soon with a new one and
yes bye
