good morning world how are you guys hi
yeah okay no I did that low-key I don't
know why I did that at all so today is
let's see what today is July 25th
it is currently 301 p.m. I have a later
story today I'm meant to bring you guys
okay Munna radio this morning I went
shopping at the mall because I had to
get some outfits for a video that I'm
filming this week but I went to grab my
vlog camera and my battery was dead it
was like ding then came back and we were
filming a little bit and then I just
remembered like oh I need a vlog so that
kind of white so later start the day I
am sorry
yet I'm still having my morning coffee I
haven't had coffee yet today I try my
hardest to have like one cup of coffee a
day I try my hardest so today is Monday
I hope you guys as Monday is going
amazing literally it just spent like 30
minutes snapchatting while trying to
snapchat because frickin filter is like
beautiful yeah okay are you ready for
this we took 12 minutes ago actually to
be exact but I was like mesmerized by
all of the filters I was sitting there
for the longest time have any of you
guys done that to where you're just
sitting there on snapchat going through
every filter and like yeah closing hi
Chloe hi babe oh my gosh look at that
leg supermodel stop it are you going up
so fast always okay so I got everything
set up I'm going to reheat my coffee Oh
quick I just remembered this cup can't
go in the microwave because of the limit
Hannah
because of the gold around the rim
switch set up also shout out to the
subscriber who gave me this coffee mug
from Starbucks and I love it from room
oh don't any second
yeah
hey Walker fun fact about me I cannot do
hot drinks for anything like I'm gonna I
like drinking a hot drink but I usually
let it sit for like five minutes and
cool down where most people would be
like oh my gosh that's cold and I'm like
no it's perfect for me so I was
surprised that that wasn't hot enough
what dun-dun-duh perfect timing on
someone text may I remind you like old
times oh wow it sounds so good like it
sounds perfect right now
good going to this go into this what go
into it
I went to the base place yet the base
place picking up most Arby's demouth RVs
sipping on my passion to get my passion
cheeks ready 1 2 3
Oh No 1 2 3 come on yeah and I love Oh
what else she got boom chicka pop sweet
barbecue popcorn taste iced anyone yeah
let's do it
balancing on my service Chloe you're
bringing your food is everywhere baby
everywhere it's weird it's nothing like
Barca chicks but it's popcorn but in
reality popcorn is in fact different
relationship well past the aisle I was
like I shouldn't go there that's odd
wait you're you kiss for me
one two
sweeter than I thought but a sweeter
than I thought magic them weird that it
popcorn what if it was a lathe like
barbecue teams away it's good it's good
it's just weird this did you I expect
barbecue but it's good it's really good
I'm good why you eat it and we're like
wait I'm in love with it yeah boom
Chicka Boom Boom Chicka pop right now
I'm really excited
any ideas what it is well just getting
our video honestly may not even be up
for like two weeks
Mabel is to say I'm working on a lot of
videos right now so I'm not even sure
which week you'll see this video but you
will see this video at some point in
your life I'm gonna give you guys a
secret okay this is how you're gonna
know what video I'm filming right now
when you watch it I have to do to do
with these bad boys thanks - moleskin
cashier collection set of three set day
three it says that it sends that plain
durable someone like two weeks you're
gonna beg oh my gosh I've been here from
the beginning oh gee you're yeah okay
are you ready ash I I lead up here you
with some baby wipes okay and it's good
see so have you ever been so have you
ever been so have you ever been to
London how'd you leave chose the table
it's on this one
Chloe your food is literally everywhere
everywhere huh huh why do you do this
babe right hey guys
update time so it's a little bit later
now we went to the gym I basically died
I legitimately oh my gosh yeah that
happened but we're good not don't worry
so I mean overall was a really good
workout but just push the phone to our
and now we're gonna go to Starbucks I
believe and get some editing done yeah
going on so to update you and yeah so
we're going to Starbucks heading to the
base I about to get about to get some
work done
yeah do it let's do it actually your
xcited excited are you ready
are you pumped we're gonna get ready
yeah we're done
oh hey ash hi are we getting work done
heck yes I am that was really the last
thing you did in this blog so we were
sitting in Starbucks and then it closed
so we came out five stars but if there's
a blog just really exciting a thumbnail
for it and then I also edited the video
that we did today or at least as much as
I could out of it but it's I'm very
limited both um thank you guys
okay guys so I'm just wanting to end
this vlog that you liked it and that you
really enjoyed it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with a new one and yeah I love
yours bye bye
