oh my god it's actually so early right
now good morning good morning I look so
rough right now good morning guys it's
not even that early why am i complaining
okay lately I've been getting up at like
9:00 9:30 every single day so like if
I'll super early to meet some of you
guys were like what is this vlog it's
funny I used to have to be at school at
6:00 a.m. and now I'm like and I just
have no idea how I did that all about
and I'm definitely tired so we decided
to get up early because why we're gonna
go do our own photo shoot which we
haven't done and I want hey why is doing
makeup have to take like a full freaking
out tell me why Dolph
drop that down I got low keys from
Remy's blue proposed yesterday fun in
fact of the day in high school every
single day in the morning I would do my
makeup in the car not like I'm trying to
brag I've kind of mastered it literally
have mastered it mascara no problem my
camera on the other hand I'm not sure if
that was if anything I was like hey we
have made it - oh we need the camera
we're at the first location should I be
nice and tell everyone where we are so
they can come take pics I think so wait
you can't even see it we can't even see
we have come to the house of CV because
they added this cute little like thang
so it's gonna be our first stop yeah I'm
testing the light
let me see let me play with it because
it might need to be horizontal because
the this is so big you know did we get
it
oh we got it we got option this is so
cute
honestly this is so freaking cute you
got that whoo work work mom this is me
snapping snaps for Ashley yeah we got
princess freakin parking car we do good
are you gonna stand to the side or
Center location number three four four
welcome I did this lighting is so good
right now
really should we switch
Wow they're really take a picture so we
are currently at location at number five
and we are almost done
honestly I'm almost through my outfits
that's crazy that never happens for me
on this bench gonna take some photos
here it's been a good day
a nice Polaroid good the morning yeah
good morning this is why I got up early
remember how rough that was looks are
over it now yeah flashback to that I
like the Silva you want full body yeah
the good days these are really good I
genuinely think you'll like one of them
the lighting is perfect
everything it's pump guys my battery may
die
I'm fully obsessed with these glasses
also obsessed with this shirt did you
get it
can I do can I do a couple more I guess
so I'm getting so hungry bt-dubs not
like just just letting you know throwing
it out there
I'm focus on me so I think we got it for
next
I fell it the boob sweat is so real
right now we got the goods
hey yo a shy skilled one to ten how
productive was it today be most
productive we got up early got in the
car we were out the door by 8:30 ish it
was like 8:35 holy Sh you took a minute
sorry I just took forever to do the
brows okay five photos each yeah more
hell yes all I put like options but like
solid yeah so I am so excited to edit
these photos I'm gonna do that now and
see what we got I feel like yeah we got
like at least five or six each dude to
do anyway oh my god also it's time to
change the calendar I'm literally in my
last
oh my last in suppose I should switch
that it's now July the only thing is I
genuinely think I like the black better
cuz it just adds contrast so why it
wants to look good oh that looks really
cute though I still really love it ash
I'm talking yeah boy it looks good
there's just this little piece which I
need to get we got it we got it update
time so it's actually been a hot little
minute it is currently 357 p.m. I know
where did the date go yeah I just got
some packages one I got two new posters
because I ordered some new prints for
this wall and I do really like these
ones but I think I'm gonna like these
ones better let me know what you guys
think oh also also we got this big box
from urban which you guys might be able
to figure out what it is love the mix
max shocked dun dun dun so I ordered
some frames which I'm really excited for
I'm gonna show you once we got and then
I'm gonna show you where I'm gonna put
them this is the first one and I think
it's so cute because it looks like a
Pantone like a paint swatch kind of just
color and it's just like a light blush
pink color so we got that one Ashley it
really really liked this one and I get
why it's very her but also me like both
of us you know and then we both really
liked this one it says more sleep more
me supporting our process for creating
more left and we're doing more much more
fun more love we really liked that one
and
I also got this little cactus one which
I thought was super cute so I think all
four of these are gonna look so good
together you guys have noticed I never
really blogged upstairs right here it's
not like there's a specific reason like
lighting is great breath hold on whoo oh
my god okay I feel like it's honestly
because it's just not decorated at all
it's like very very plain yeah that's
kind of why I really don't blog up here
huh no it's just like really simple and
plain but I knew I had a whole bunch of
prints and stuff just from over the
years at the whole departments fun fact
I desperately suck at hanging grains or
art or wall art or anything like that I
don't know why cuz I'm good at
decorating it some ways and I'm really
not in other ways I dug them all out and
I really want to have a really pretty
like gallery art wall right here and I'm
gonna show you guys everything we've got
so these are a lot of the old prints you
guys probably remember these like this
was in the old apartment I really used
to like felt other stuff this was in the
old apartment so I really loved this
used to be in my room like these were in
my closet and now we got these ones so
yeah I'm like really excited maybe not
today but maybe like sometime maybe this
weekend I kind of like this adventure
one's gonna be too big for it genuinely
I think this is gonna look so freakin
good
maybe the adventure one could even just
go not maybe not there this is what I
never vlog upstairs I never walk in the
guest room the studio is the studio you
gotta we got to do something with this
usually pretty dark too like obviously I
can change the settings Wow let's just
do that all these are from Urban
Outfitters if you're wondering I know
that there's a whole bunch of other
sites that have cheaper ones hopefully
we can get those up really soon oh I'm
feeling so lazy I don't want to switch
these right now but I really should they
literally look identical honestly those
ones are just very like saturated
they're kind of more like a neon green
and these ones are like more muted guys
have you seen this before I'm gonna give
you three seconds to guess where you've
seen this before 3 2 1 boom we already
actually have this print and what's
funny is we kept taking this picture and
putting it over in the office to see if
we liked this style print and we ended
up just buying the same exact one so we
may end up putting this one upstairs or
something I don't know is it weird to
have three of the same prints I feel
like it kind of is shout out if you
figured that out by the way
so let's realize I got the wrong
freaking size prints so that sucks
really bad note to self
definitely double-check the dimensions
before you order something I thought I
did though that's why I'm kind of like
really
