good morning guys so today is July 5th
9:28 p.m. p.m. no Alicia
9:28 a.m. I woke up wide awake and I was
like you know what I'm gonna go get some
Starbucks for Emmett means a good
morning we got some coffees and I'm
really excited about this the realities
of it guess you got her nails done it
was much needed if you guys have know
I've actually seen a few people comment
they're like did you pick a nail you
said yeah this nail was Brooke for like
the longest time so did my nails now I'm
going to do my makeup and watch some
YouTube videos well I am I get ready
yeah it's awesome
they're like freezing right now so
that's why I'm like huddled like a
little I don't even know what are things
that huddle well truly me right now but
see you are makeup also yesterday I
would like for some reason my makeup is
like really weird I don't know what I
did different so I'm gonna actually
tried to take my time today and hope
that it can looking decent
see ya filming so take me away
oh my in summer take me away
I'm very excited about this and you know
I feel like it turned out a lot better
than yesterday at my time anyways so
later me and I are gonna go to Target
and get some very exciting stuff it ka
it back-to-school shopping a ka school
supplies aka huge giveaway that's gonna
be happening I was about to like keep it
a secret I'm like okay obviously you
know the title of this video like I'm
not trying to hide it in title so I'm
not gonna like drag it out right here
I'm so excited we're going to target
like ah you guys know I love love love
anything stationery back-to-school all
of that fun stuff like it's a huge party
on my channel during back-to-school not
even kidding
but I always start videos like pretty
early and compared to one school
actually starts just because a lot of
people go to school different times
I've already had so many comments and
people asking me to start my series
early just because they start in like
two weeks or something so I think it's
really interesting like the different
times people start school so do me a
favor
comment below when you start to school
this year I think I have like ten weeks
some only eight weeks I don't really
know I should figure that out time to do
my hair I think we're gonna straighten
it again guys you're in target
we're gonna get giveaway stuff for you
guys we guess you're just right so far
this is what the cart looks like Oh nope
my water almost both very productive so
far let's see what else we can find
so we got some planners oh my gosh I
love planners oh my gosh she's just one
so cute
this aesthetic is so pleasing to me I'm
like I can't right now oh my goodness
they're like light came from immense and
all this stuff I like can't I really
wish I had all this kid stuff when I
like how to locker not even kidding
Oh cute we need this and we need this
and we gotta get some binders okay wait
this one is oh yeah I just wanna stay
you freak they're all cute yeah okay oh
my gosh that's too but boom yes guys I'm
having way too much fun with this not
kidding so still trying to find stuff I
really wanna find washi tape because I
need some more for my agenda
I got highlighters I needed that I need
a pen I haven't gotten pimchanok let's
go play some house girl means okay come
on good you're going great yes yes look
at us we're like moms with our cards
for it potential for combat
I think I got it I don't know did I get
it
Michel see flips 200 TT outfit of the
day
so sure is from brandy melville sure
it's from Urban Outfitters IRA
monopolies I'm a Birkin bag through much
I mean literally had like a full-on
photo shoot and target like I'm
surprised people didn't stop us because
they're like legit we were here for like
20 minutes full-on photo shoot like it
probably looks like a Target ad not even
kidding
literally okay so means I got a snapshot
of you and everyone was around you it
was so funny but my phone dies I'm gonna
see that they bubble things
why does Targa have the cutest belt
other chairs my color
there's me fun fact notebooks are our
weakness literally this one's really
pretty oh my gosh this is so cool look
it's like bound it's a notebook that's
like bound looks like all we have in
Japan all right oh I love them I won and
I won it what am I gonna use it for no
looking for Mia psycho
Marco tanks me oh it's so yellow great
paper you to you to beg falling
everywhere such a glorious sight though
so what is it my musically account is
princess underscored Mila not that m IL
e any unfollow her do it yeah okay so
I'm shopping animates build this jacket
oh my gosh should be jacket that I
ordered if you guys are ever this
I have been wearing it and they split
right lost it left it at a shoot in LA
one time couldn't get it back I'm gonna
buy a new one I'm so excited you guys
know if you followed me for a while that
I have been like this jacket just like
I'm literally buying a whole new one
beyond Topshop and also we totally
posted this Instagram today so you guys
should go and like it if you haven't yet
and yes I totally awkwardly liked my own
picture of food so yeah well like it oh
my kid the reason why I got the jack in
the first place was because I saw it in
the window and I like freaked on me I
was actually really really really funny
I saw here I was like oh my gosh they
have it cuz I got mine online they
didn't have it in stores when I bought
it so I was really excited I ran in
there I'm having no luck finding clothes
was one of our main reasons for coming
here she felt like we're gonna get some
sushi
I'm really excited we got some sushi and
I'm really excited for this
hey guys so it is now 11 21 at p.m. I
have a kin oh here I can I'm just
editing this vlog and I figured I should
end it yeah I felt kind of a weak but I
feel like I might as well end it now
because honestly I'm just gonna be like
get ready for bed and stuff yeah I love
you guys so so so much to get excited
for back to school videos hashtag school
Asian videos for split second I thought
like it's almost too early for that but
then I met a girl today in target and
she said she started school in less than
a month and I was like oh my gosh like
that's really soon I always started in
September like top of September and like
you know like elementary school like
high school like but anyways I'm gonna
shop now go in go in a bit mmm yep Oh
anyways I love you guys no see you later
