good morning everyone how are you doing
I hope you're doing an amazing amazingly
amazing it is currently at 10:56 a.m.
this Saturday and this weekend is a
three-day weekend which is just awesome
because fourth of July is on Monday so
very cool you may hear it and comment
below what's your plans are for the 4th
of July and if you don't celebrate the
4th of July let me know what your plans
are for Monday and this weekend what did
you do
what are you doing anyways obviously I'm
back at me means we're having another
filming day today and I feel so
productive already I already got a blog
done vlog is up and it is not a
thumbnail I did an Instagram and and
yeah who's excited about stuff also just
got a coffee it's so excited a latte
with almond milk not soy milk trying
something different we're trying
something different this is so cute
I am cool I am happy I am transformed I
am sustained
I am cozy I am renewed suppose--suppose
super cute then we ordered and then we
got some food we ordered breakfast
burritos from Cafe Gratitude and I'm
very excited for this it looks really
really good
oh hey we're doing feedback yeah what do
you know I was thinking like I have to
get really do face masks in the morning
but it worked out we are smart
what would your Smurf name be I don't
either
boo boo can eyes why are you so cute oh
how to be pretty just beautiful just the
way you are you don't need to please
math to make you beautiful yeah I mean
uploaded and it's funny cuz I'm watching
her right here but she's also right here
let's compare
I know like like such like a good shot
currently on the way to my apartments
and we are listening to some Hilary Duff
and we are stuck in traffic me man
hey guys what is up I look a lot better
than I did in the last
so he's filming not gonna lie you're
back out of my apartment now we've been
going back and forth between both of our
apartments like a lot lately so I'm
sorry congrats to you if you've been
able to follow but I'm finishing up my
video I have my intro to film and then I
also have one and a half more clips in
sum for this video it's going up
tomorrow so the day you're watching this
there will be a new video up on my
channel so we'd be filming well film mmm
that was really awkward why do I say
that we're filming but then my battery
died and my other spare battery is in
charge so that really sucks first time
that's ever happened to me which is like
Murp Murp
so yeah just gonna wait a little bit
going to maybe edit a little bit yes
thanks for filming me again me more tank
is good also I have like a really really
really really exciting announcement at
the end of this video I'm I may or may
not be going on a two or three meet me
I'll be country plus Toronto a let's get
on into this video and I hope you guys
like it we're filming the last scene I'm
super excited get done with this bit to
yo and yep so there you go ready for
buying since when are you gonna get it
that was so beautiful coffee we are
headed to target because yesterday I
said I was gonna go back and I didn't
because I need to wash my sheets and I
have no longer detergent I thought I
bought something today but no I just
bought a scent boosters not laundry
detergent so that's what's going on I
change but Mia isn't the same outfit
because because I needed her for a scene
in to be this new method so does blood
she's work means work work pork pork
pork
what is dancing boot pub that's what
we're doing I've been like way in his
backpack so much lately forgot my blog
camera obviously I'm working on it phone
keys
like here's my card with apologies if
there is ever a twerking battle for
youtubers can you please apply oh yes I
mean can you please win oh we just got
to target excuse me ma'am
guys this is so cute look at this Trish
I love that good news we made it out of
the dollar section alive
sometimes I'm not too sure sometimes I
mean he is giving me recommendations of
laundry detergent because her laundry
smells so good
really I think the island fresh oh oh
wait we got a meme on the car she's my
child
spot the difference what doesn't belong
here I don't know what she does on her
off time if you're a new viewer of mine
you would know art sorry you wouldn't
know you're an old-time viewer mind you
would know that I am obsessed with any
and all things stationery and school
supplies I think it's safe to say Mia
and I are the most hashtag fangirls of
school supplies like yes yes does this
not just make you so happy so happy
journals and pens and YouTube like dough
has tech goals goals hashtag we're
festive we're trying to find some
bathing suits because we want to be
festive for the 4th and I'm sure
everyone is gonna have these babies
suits but the cool it's cool one
that was a good man hey guys update time
so it is a little bit later it is now
9:26 p.m. completely forget the last
thing that i vlogged i want to say it
was getting boba i don't know but we did
do a very fun adventure to party city or
show say party Cody so Dee
but it's pretty city so definitely need
to watch to me as well good snake is
literally it's so funny I think I was
cry like I laughed so hard I cried like
4 times not even kidding
we had some adventures to UM Party City
and stuff and yes anyways it's been
editing just been hanging out because
I'm uploading the video that you're
seeing today yes don't forget to watch
it and like it and share with your
friends
hey guys so I ended up driving over to
my parents house and I miss her so much
so yeah I just want to end this vlog I
think I'm going to oh sorry I think I'm
going to edit it right now so I can get
up in the mornings but yeah I love you
guys so so so so so so much Chelsea your
throw see look at this sassy one clip
what's you doing
