good morning babe hi oh my gosh how do
you sleep did you sleep good awesome
great you sleep good morning guys what
is that and welcome back to the blog um
so I got a late start today everyone may
steal bags I love her so much
sorry guys I love when things like are
visually appealing and I feel like this
is not a cute angle I think it's like
won something but Josh and I are gonna
go get some food we're also gonna go
with some pictures and I'm just kind of
like hanging out but they haven't picked
up the frame so I just wanted to confirm
that that was gonna be picked up soon
also so we ordered how do you furniture
okay it comes really soon I'm also at a
red light guys don't come at me so
Ashley and I are headed to earth cafes
to get some food get some food get a
hummus into bullies a lot yeah I'm
really hungry too I literally look like
a mad tourist because I have one camera
my vlog camera oh my god wait we found
the literal cutest wall ever for a photo
I'm so excited
changed the top so I brought another
outfit to wear and I realize I brought
the wrong jeans and the other ones like
do not fit me for anything so we changed
but that's cool even better I'm still
hungry
should we go get some food I wonder if
join the juices open I really hope it is
oh my god it's open oh my god we should
go after bouts get some food I'm so
freaking excited I already know what I'm
getting
Thomasson tabbouleh salad as always so
for the first time I tried their peach I
don't know it's their peach tea and
lemonade and it's amazing
oh my god honestly it's so good so
update time it's currently four o'clock
on the dot
I'm really excited for some lunch
because we really didn't have lunch I
guess my breakfast was lunch today
because I ate a late breakfast but yes I
really want to take Ashley to
registration cuz it's across the street
they have this account it's amazing I'm
not kidding and I really run hard so
nice I see it I literally see it right
now people are probably staring at me
we got a hummus and tabbouleh salad we
got some pita bread Ashley still waiting
for her food so I'm going strong
remember when we used to drive like
almost two hours to come to this place
and now we like but now we're so close
like now we live here it's crazy we
should cut to one of those little gloves
it's pretty great isn't it so
comfortable oh my god oh my god you guys
this is literally the patio furniture
that we ordered that I was like saying
earlier Twinings like kind of not the
cutest oh my god wait that's so exciting
yeah we should be getting them next week
and I'm so excited I was gonna stir
Ashley a coffee oh yeah yeah like they
were gaining on me oh my so I wanna I
just want a photo with this top they
haven't done that yet ooh what point for
its wait for it what is up you guys
welcome to the vlog I'm not kidding I've
been so freakin reductive every single
morning I come down and sit here and
work and that's just my routine that
it's crazy and I love it and who's gonna
poop here right now let's hone it down a
little bit hello my little chunk hey
what's up at the side I'm an such sight
hey I'm talking you out for the day so
here's an outfit of the day I actually
just got these pants yesterday from
House of CB they're just like some flare
I don't know they make the booty look
great though okay but they're super cute
they're kind of like they feel like yoga
pants but they're not but they're nice
you like they're just like flare
whatever pants but I really like them
they're high-waisted which is a blessing
then my shirt is from Urban Outfitters
that I showed you guys in my last haul
and then my shoes I never know how to
say this branch to pregnant who that
branch so that's the outfit of the
your living room is so messy right now
hi babe I honestly have so much work to
get done I have two vlogs I need to
fully edit and some emails to do I'd
like to go grab some coffee
so some food I haven't really eaten
today yet so I should probably do that
sorry okay I'm hungry matrons ooh yo oh
my god we got the goods
one two three dang it one two three one
two three one two three
hey yo khlo we got the goods is your mom
happy now yeah she's so happy
mmm guys go to Alfredo get an iced
oatmeal latte with vanilla your life
will be changed I genuinely don't really
get coffee from Starbucks that much
anymore
I know like I Know Who am I also he got
packages we got a million packages that
I desperately need to open so I feel
like we should you know just dude
unboxing okay so time for an unboxing
again look who's here
I've been good hi hi everyone hello
hello oh my gosh yes friends I wasn't
recording oops
quickest unboxing
oh my god order these these are so
freakin cute
so Puma came out with new shoes Thank
You papi great so happy we got some glam
blow you have a maze here you know I'm
about to like zoom it you know they're
like I was cute kind of weird little
like this packaging is all rubber I
literally have no idea what this is oh
my god oh my god Snickers is my favorite
candy bar oh wait what what is this oh
my god there's t-shirt what are they and
I have no idea one espresso salty and
sweet
I'm like this kid on their birthday it
must be like spicy oh my god which one
is this oh my god I'm nervous you know
there's like a spice to it guys I have
mine blood right now I'm eating salt he
would be so good that was crazy
I'm gonna try the espresso right now wow
that one's really good but like I should
try the other one too just because you
know cuz it's sweet and salty that one
tastes the most normal Thank You
Snickers nice package oh I actually
ordered frames oh my god this is so cute
BAM this on urban and it's so cute it
says hello and it looks like a neon sign
but it's just like wire inside I thought
that was so cute next one
Oh No
oh no I ordered three guys
oh no I literally ordered y-yeah I
didn't this is not supposed to happen
did I pay for all this
wait they're not like $34 each did I
really pay $100 for all these
