good morning everyone we got some
breakfast
I am so fun to eat the turnout hey guys
so we are currently in the Panem
we're in the cars with the fam my family
we are on our way to go ziplining I'm so
excited it's gonna be really fun this
lighting is perfect right now it's like
Ashley's g3i justice if my knee it's
gonna be fun it goes good I got some
coffee
you think stuff you got me coffee
earlier
that's what's going on it is currently
in 936 and we have to go I think it
starts 212 to something but we got to
early because it's a little bit of a
drive but yeah it's gonna Brown lordy I
see what we're doing in lookout point
being in it no video no cases yeah I
like the camera dude no justice you
really don't know yeah we are here and
we are getting ready to go mining do I
think we're gonna do we're gonna do this
yeah okay so I forget I think I have
something deleted that clip that I had
of you I thought I think I deleted the
clip their arms like oh is my brother oh
so good this is Matt yeah
hey hey YouTube hope you through but I
got my GoPro I needed this handle and
they had one here I was so excited cuz
tomorrow we're all I keep thinking dude
snorkeling tomorrow
Oh
you're halfway through artisan planning
adventure and it is like so much fun
it's so gorgeous you get happier here
it's like but I feel like this does no
justice it's so pretty
and then the last divine who went from
there to here
planes up cuz you still connected
yeah that's a head pulled back in
Hey so I said store click
Oh zip Lenny was so much fun and we just
ate dinner it was really about lighting
so nice and unzip wall sorry about it
yeah I think right now you're gonna head
back has run the whole other side of the
island real good like hour and a half
away from our hotel make our way back
there but we wanted to stop at some of
the lookout point you step because like
sunset it's gonna be beautiful
did you like we're going to go hike a
little bit just so we can watch the
sunset
really pretty really gorgeous but it is
like I have on two jackets my back let's
start
hey guys so we were back at the hotel
now and I am so tired I fell asleep on
the way back it was like a good iron
hour-and-a-half
tries back first thing I did when I came
back take off my makeup because it just
it was gone all day and I was like I
need to take this off right now and I'm
currently editing this vlog that you're
seeing and it might be the first vlog
that I don't get the next day because we
have to be up early tomorrow because
we're going to snorkeling and I think
you have to be there like 7:30 a.m. and
I'm so tired there really is a lot I go
to bed
but I also really want to get this vlog
up some who knows me I think I'm going
to end it here though just in case I
don't know like I'm just gonna end it
here
you guys would like to today's vlog and
our ziplining adventures and I will see
you guys tomorrow with snorkeling and a
luau
that's gonna be fun so excited I love
you guys but he
