good morning guys so today is June 13th
it is Monday
it is currently 1008 yeah I didn't see
my hair today so don't observe don't
don't judge me Ashley and I are just
bizarre yesterday's vlog that you would
know that we have to go pick up a toy
thing at Toys R Us really excited for it
so we're gonna go do that right now it
said it would be ready at 10:00 so we're
gonna like now go get that day is a
packing day because we're gonna Hawaii
tomorrow and I'm so excited like it's
finally hit me like the excitement level
has hit me that it's coming really soon
so it just makes me really excited so
yeah we have a lot of errands to do a
lot of packing to do a lot of cleaning
to do and yeah you guys get to come
along the ride with us grab the phone
are you ready we're gonna get some
coffee because I'm done and then I don't
know what I'm singing we are currently
at did anyone guess this is otherwise I
didn't tell them what we were getting
like we had our own taryn's car because
definitely not fit and Henry so we got
the car got coffee now you're gonna go
film feeling a lot more productive in
yesterday that's for sure okay we just
got to the park we're gonna take this
bad boy out or bed grew up I don't know
only thing is we're not sure if it's
chard to be told that we really wanted
it charged but because they've messed up
with the like whole order already I'm
kind of curious kind of curious like I
said in my last vlog it was supposed to
be ready it wasn't ready in time they
messed up so they gave us a discount on
it which is really awesome and I'm
curious if it's charged great that it is
what's going on here just picking up my
new ride a Barbie Escalade
oh my gosh wait okay legit show them the
mp3 it actually fits an mp3 player you
can actually plug in your phone and to
speak to this legit dad lunge it has a
cup holder for my coffee
I don't know how they see me rolling
I'll try to fit in here right now
here we go I don't fit in this at all
fun fact I have to sit on this side guys
we're back department and my battery on
my camera totally died so I'm so sorry
about that it's been charging SH and I
went out to lunch
which was so so good and now I've been
home I don't literally just like chilled
for like an hour I kind of was just like
watching youtube videos like in the life
I love YouTube but sometimes it's like a
black hole you know what I mean I'm sure
that's the case for most of you right
now watching this vlog let's be real I
really need to start packing for
tomorrow because um hi we're going to be
no selfie to get it together
you just get anyway so that's what we're
gonna do I have so much cleaning and so
much laundry to do unreal oh and look at
this little one bye thank you for
everyone wondering and no Chloe's not
coming with us wish you were babe I
don't think you'd like it
one of our really good friends is gonna
come and stay at our apartment
um while we're gone so Chloe won't be
alone which is awesome and then Terrence
also gonna be coming by and checking up
on her and stuff she'll be okay are you
so cute little one yeah I should really
start packing but I have to do lunch
maybe I'll do a little laundry first and
then start packing and yeah my parents
are coming over tonight they're gonna
spend the night on and then we're all
gonna go stay or 4:00 in the morning so
so yeah let's do it
Oh awesome also I'm gonna see me as she
asked if I was gonna be home but she
really wanted to drop off my birthday
present that maybe we will maybe we'll
see her I need to clean my room too
come on what are you doing this is so
cute oh my gosh oh yeah I don't know if
you like it I love it thank you no thank
you means I love it and you did not not
to get all emotional on you guys but I
literally just read the birthday card
that you gave me and I was like could
have started crying I was like I don't
know I just like meant so much and Mia I
love you and you are like a sister to me
and I love you best friend and yeah I'm
gonna keep it forever
for ever here we go I can get it out
don't intend tempt intent and done don't
don't don't don't don't touch me
so here's the before and of course since
we're going to Hawaii
I think swimsuits are a definite must
and try and decide which ones I want to
bring in it's hard because I kind of
want to bring like all of them I've got
this one piece recently it
is really pretty crochet looking one
piece but I think I'm gonna try it on
before I go just make sure it's
flattering because if it's not then that
would stuck to bring it and like not
even wear it but yeah that was super
cute then I have this one you guys have
seen this top it wear it like all the
time and these are just some white
bottoms from Target like I love getting
some tips from Target this one I'm gonna
bring my black high-waisted so I can
wear that with like any of the tops then
I kind of like this I think I'm gonna
leave these funds I don't know I don't
know help me guys out out out
I got this swim seat from Target and
it's so so cute so then I was like wait
I want swimsuits but I have like a whole
pie so already taking a break from
packing I mean I've done that since and
stuff we got some stuff we got some
stuff and I'm currently eating an acai
bowl and currently eating a gorgeous
acai bowl yeah this looks so good I
actually got this earlier when we were
out at lunch but I was saving it for
later and now it is later I'm gonna eat
that
and yes I forgot I have putting the
tongue to the top of my mouth and I was
like I thought that I was like oh nice
just like press it oh my that was bad
that was the word brain be like ever cut
in my life making progress packed all my
bathing suit packs and bra lets you have
to organize this whole section oh my
gosh also want to show you this the
other day I got this super cute workout
shirt shirt oh did you get that Sutter
like no other yeah I'm gonna show you
it's just like this workout shirt but I
don't know if you can see how it's like
jersey material I think it is so so cute
that's what it looks like it's kind of I
don't know yeah this is a fail sorry
okay that's what we're gonna do first
off we got a jacket because it rains a
lot every now and then we just have like
a white jacket
yeah making progress hold on this is a
possible thumbnail picture possible
thumbnail picture so we're going to put
my hair down what no I didn't so I still
need to go to Target slash Walmart I
don't know the thing is like I don't
need to what what am i doing right now
I'd like to but if it doesn't happen I'm
okay with it
so I'm kind of in that like am I
actually gonna go tonight I don't know
also gonna try to go to the gym tonight
because yes hey guys so I just took a
shower and I just want to end this vlog
because I need to go to action I need to
edit and I have a little more packing to
do but yeah anyways I just want to end
it other guys so this is so much and get
excited for Hawaii
Plus please
