hey guys so I'm gonna do something a
little different today I totally left my
ball camera so didn't vlog at all but
Ashton arey headed to target I decided
we're gonna do a different types of
video we're gonna do a target adventure
video where I vlog the whole thing look
without being edited starting right now
and we're going Astra to be doing Wyatt
why you looking for kinis because we're
going to Hawaii we're going to Hawaii
Mia
Oh guys I failed
I literally accidentally hit the hot
button so there's one at it sorry sorry
but yes what do we need we need some
supplies your videos that were filming
tomorrow you should watch that tonight
we should watch the trophy tonight I
have not seen it Ashley Mia said it was
hilariously cute so we're gonna forget
I'm still open guys
it's been flogging a whole new level you
know why he is normally if people stare
at me like up to maybe like lowered my
camera or something yeah I got you I got
you I got you
we need Jam let's go say we need sample
we do a pill drove it I just got to stop
it this is so weird
no let me know he's even like this video
idea I just like I was like dang it's
been I've been off my vlog game really
bad and I wanted to do something but I
was like I don't know what to do just
like you know what we're going target
we're gonna vlog and target but plot
twist no editing this will be this will
be the fastest blog never edit in my
life hey I'm gonna do an OOTD do haha
yes all do you want a few do one sure
burning short yeah target so get my rain
boots sandals and your hat
neither my shoes or Gabby's there Gabby
yeah you know like it's my outfit but
you know it's an accessory move cuz your
hot tofu is broken
no it's not it works it was my feet a
little fusing my prism where is it oh
it's in my bag I think Tina
I hope it's been boring for you guys I
just feel like all the gonna be here how
so I might cut it early or maybe I will
edit maybe I just like the idea of it
won't be as edit in I kind of could use
a new hairbrush I can use a new
hairbrush
hey yeah hey don't hate me what is up
with this focusing my face is right here
it's right here and you still can't talk
it hello hello oh I'm dizzy
hi I'm - oh no which one that one this
one I am I'm young some difference this
one
what kind you want to get so I totally
already failed with this whole non edit
things like you guys make that better
the idea was there a for effort for me
so I'm in desperate need of a new water
bottle for just like the day today water
bottle drinking and let's pick one out
shall we
this one's cool like do I want like Wow
update we've got some goods yeah we do
yeah we did yeah
we got good good I forget where we
parked over there so much stuff hit me
again
target was kind of a fail I apologize
a forever guys I really tried HIV is
still young cookie fogging I was gonna
end it here but we'll see we shall see
um yes so Omar got the basket
