happy birthday little one for tail-happy
good morning guys today is May 31st
which means it's coal mommy's oh yes
it's currently 925 she has a hair
appointment at 9:30 he has really had
just been needed and I figured it's an
excuse to have her like looks good for a
birthday literally right now I'm just
gonna have a disclaimer if you think
this is ridiculous
like do not comment you don't need a
comment I don't care about your comments
like I am going to pull out for her
birthday I'm not even kidding
later tonight we're gonna go over to
Antion here's the before so just drop
Chloe off and I am about to get some
coffee from Panera but my hair is
literally like horrible right now I
don't know what to do with it it looked
good on camera up but in person it
really looked jank um I guess I should
have like you know done it before I left
the house yes
hazelnut one is literally the best you
guys have to try it
got the goods whoa hey guys update make
message on it's been a couple hours and
I'm kind of really liking my makeup
today I did a little different it was
one of those days but I just really took
my time getting ready if that makes
sense like I wasn't just I was just like
sitting here like chillin doing my
makeup literally this is me ready I was
like honestly for probably like 45
minutes I'll know if you can even tell
the difference I don't know I did my
eyeshadow difference and yes also would
you guys want to see I've seen a few
comments now you guys really wanting to
see me do an everyday makeup routine
like an actual tutorial like me like go
if you're gonna be like okay so next I'm
applying my Amazonia you don't even mean
like an actual like legit og youtube
tutorial I would totally do that I think
that could be really fun but yeah that
is today's makeup Hey I was just
watching some YouTube videos and doing
my makeup at my desk because that's what
I do
Hey Hey do you like love my outfit I got
really cool so I put on this cardigan
even though I'm in shorts and put on
Dougs like this is me right now mmm also
I just got a call saying that Chloe is
done at her grooming appointment so I'm
gonna go pick her up right now and so
good to go see her hmm I guess I should
clean up a bit though first it's so hard
to do with one hand oh come on come on
you
here we go and here's the after oh we
got our hair did little flower gotta you
harness we like it do we like happy
birthday
okay eggs I also got her a birthday
present but you can't have it till later
are you a pretty girl you look so pretty
for your party I can't handle this here
are all the birthday celebrations we
have her present in here and then we
have whooping Jana some balloon candle
that says to film hair is done makeup
done outfit is on we are ready headed
over to Mia's we're gonna spend the
night and we're gonna hear parting so we
played it and it's an excuse is he means
well I have been a while for me but it's
been a while since we've just gone over
also wearing a new shirt that I got
yesterday and new shorts that I got
yesterday shopping I still want to do a
haul for you guys I think I'm gonna do a
whole like separate haul currently
having a juice from a pressed juice rate
so balm citrus three if you like
grapefruit totally get it if you don't
like grapefruit you should try anyway
because it's ho good also guys exciting
announcement some of you know that I did
at you now a couple weeks ago a month
ago almost oh my gosh but I'm gonna be
doing another one this week on Thursday
June 2nd 6 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
aka California time oh my user name
slash link in the description box but
get excited I'm like I had so much fun
that last live streams I'm gonna be
doing another one so once let you guys
know so if you want to you know like put
it in calendar or put an alert on your
phone or whatever you want to do you
could do that I'm cleaning it for a
while but I haven't announced it yet so
big a surprise you know yeah are you
ready close are you ready to go they go
to Mia let's go baby
guys weirdest thing ever there's a car
right next to us right now and he's
driving with a parakeet just chilling on
his finger like literally driving like
this with a bird right here and like had
him like out the window kind of I like
mind but right now I wish I could block
this right now but that's kind of I feel
like that could be illegal you know he's
playing with the bird blew my mind like
never seen anything like that for me
yeah she's here and the desert one big
happy family
oh my gosh yes Tanner's and Chloe United
okay so I'm getting ready to decorate
for Chloe's birthday party it's gonna be
great
gonna be fun I'm excited thinking maybe
I should wait because I want to order
them little cupcakes
oh hi mean oh you look so cute and I'm
sitting here with a um
allergy nose it's like it hits me and
then I'm just like outside account we
are setting up for our birthday party
extravaganza function ours
I'm gonna sit right there best friend
she says I want anything at my party
although she kind of came here here we
go yeah I just want them studying like
looking oh I think we can do it I think
we can do today hey hey
trees that sit while we sit sit sit
she's like I'm sitting perfect yay we
got the picture and we have this mean
guys best day ever banner we have a
pinata cards from Ken and um um clues
mamas some Baloo and her present and
then a birthday girl pin ken are you
having fun you're such a good hose one
happy birthday to you
happy birthday girls so you didn't know
Sprinkles Cupcakes has dog treats that
look like mini cupcakes that's what we
just gave them a few wonders yay guys
happy birth happy second birthday close
my present time hey guys update time so
it is now 10:46 a.m. i've just finished
editing this blog that you are currently
watching we've been watching Harry
Potter just having a chill movie night I
think I'm going to in this vlog right
now because why not I hope that you
liked Khloe's birthday party to strap
again the special vlog edition we had a
lot of fun say and yeah we're gonna
spend the night here so you will see us
bright and early tomorrow morning yeah I
love you guys so much and I'll see you
guys next time
okay bye
