good morning guys what is up how are you
how are you clothes how are you clothes
you good
Jim good I hope you're good welcome to
today's blog it is may 29 had a look at
my computer it is May 29th and I just
wanted to say hi because for blogging
today I feel horrible I did fog
yesterday but honestly was like two
clips so I'm probably not even gonna
include them in this vlog yeah I mean
we'll see morning I have been editing
all morning my video is ok my video is
on private which means it's ready to go
public at 1:00 p.m. it's currently 12:30
you I'm in a group chat with sarey and
Lauren right now and Lauren's in
Portugal so it's like 8:00 a.m. she
hasn't slept all night for the past 3
hours we've been like you got this you
can stay up like you got it so she just
said guys 30 minute I got this 30
minutes till it goes live I'm really
excited but while I wait I figured I
would start getting ready
sat down on Mia's vlog that made me
realize why I should vlog before I start
getting ready completely onion so
welcome to today's vlog let's see what
it has in store for us I've already gone
through 1 cup of coffee
so yeah I'm speaking of I'm using the
coffee cup as a tripod right now Hey
okay so this is so kind of random but I
have all my makeup in this huge support
bag like I have my brushes some palette
like it this is so yeah yeah that's
what's going on
so let's do it shall we oh there's a
shirt in there I gotta clean today
that's kind of one of my goals my room
is a mess
well BAM maybe this time oh I think
you're just gonna best gear up
oh no we're good okay Oh a little bit a
little bit a little bit you can't even
tell that makeup is done yes I kind of
went a little crazy with the highlight
today especially like at this angle you
can see so don't mind that it's been
about thirty minutes because it's 12:59
p.m. and our video goes live in one
minute I'm so excited that was like
perfect timing getting my makeup on
literally I'm always watching YouTube
videos while I do my makeup in the
morning like without it without it down
so excited literally one minute oh my
god I felt you were on this coffee cup
the whole time if you were wondering you
hunt you back there don't model okay
clearly that's just not gonna work so
gotta find something else to do maybe
people just put you put you there I'm
going to put my video public it's 12
p.m. right now I'm guessing Lauren's
videos already went public because hers
was um scheduled here we go
here we go oh it's so bright ready boom
boom yes I understand
yessum it yeah yeah it is live his life
is life is life is alive oh hey guys
what up in a few hours and videos up I
literally I think I spent like an hour
and a half just responding to comments
retweeting things and favoriting things
like seriously I don't think you guys
know how much it means to me when you
like take it the time to tweet or make
funny edits or screenshots or whatever
ever likes my videos it's not like it
means so much also oh my gosh speaking
of Twitter thanks for 800,000 oh my god
I didn't even see that coming and then I
got a notification from Twitter on my
phone it was like I'm gracias over 800 K
followers I was like what what also
drawn some clothes although in reality I
kind of just switched my shirt because I
was wearing these shorts earlier so I
just put on a top and them chokers
nicely yeah hi guys hey hi
video you saw it you liked it you filmed
it so I was thinking it that we should
do something tomorrow because it's a
holiday and we don't have plans
we should should Disney if it's open
it'll be crazy but that could be fun if
your pass is open or we should go we
should we could have a legit pool day
like we have so many floaties and stuff
you know yeah no they cannot leave and
someone's birthday Tuesday the Ashley
went to nectar and she said that she got
me a drink
it's a prote strawberry Pattaya protein
I'm so excited to try this wait we
should take an Instagram because it's
like super cute or wait tomorrow we wait
what if we go to Palm Springs tomorrow
anyway we should take a picture I should
take an Instagram oh it's good my hair
is good it's really good it reminds me
when we were little really good it does
remind me when we were little we used to
make strawberry shakes all the time I
want to figure out our plans for
tomorrow ash
I vote we either have a day trip
somewhere go to Disneyland or have a
pool day here like full-out like
barbecue officially rest in peace two of
my favorite candle ever I told you guys
it would only last like a week and it
doesn't it Island to moonlight its
burned its last burn so I let my other
one
yeah a new video go watch it
that's my life hey guys we are currently
at a coffee shop which is I think my
favorite coffee shop as of now no I do
it with every single one but this one's
legit it's like a house it's legit I was
trying to show you footage of this but
it's really cool I am currently planning
out just a month I can't believe it's
basically dude already yes Alex my
calendar and I was like dude and yeah
yeah I don't know figured we'd start out
summer I was like a good like y'all I'm
gonna start planning out my next like 2
or 3 videos that are coming up so really
excited for that yes when did my hair
look this good it wasn't a bun all day
because I thought it was bad hey no
one's here there was people here in the
new left this part looks like whatever
but like oh wait can you my perspective
blogs takeover with me I should thought
she's talking about herself no no I
thought it was on me cuz I'm looking
down toxic over with me but best guy
school's out for summer so we're
planning our summer we got our calendars
here we got some coffee here we she's
got her calendar there and we are
planning out in it very exciting -
spontaneous / kind of not because we're
planning it summer hey guys what up
we're back department in this look for
you all so I think we decided what we
want to do tomorrow for Memorial Day so
if you want to know you should watch
tomorrow's vlog there will be a blog
there will be a vlog so so much thank
you again for all of your love and
support I'm a new video today absolutely
like like yes it means a lot and I'll
see you guys tomorrow with another video
nope
