hey guys what up today is sunday I
forget the actual dates but it'll be
here on the screen so now I'm currently
packing I'm headed to LA for most of the
week I think I'm gonna be there
basically all week today is exciting I'm
something a collab with Lauren laurdiy
and
surae I'm super excited I think it's
gonna be really fun but I'm late you
said we were meeting at 11:00 then we
for a split second was we're talking
about 12 meeting at 12 but then we
decided to stay out of love in then I'm
like oh I don't have to be there till 12
now look at the clock and I'm like I
should have left 30 minutes ago sweet
awesome anyways okay probably shouldn't
be blogging right now but I wanted to
start to eat vodkas now offense if
account
SEPA camp so a little strong school
because I had to pack for the whole week
and get ready and I didn't even do my
hair like what yeah and all this morning
I was editing the video that's going up
Sami channel I was able to get it done
it's not a thousand percent where I
would have wanted it to be but it's
definitely like the whole of it like
it's just if it's there so I was like
okay we're good to upload I was trusting
you guys know from earlier also not sure
if this vlog gets combined or if its own
vlog I have no idea so bear with me but
here's the outfit literally this whole
outfits from Urban Outfitters oh my gosh
I think it's safe to say that's
officially like my favorite store right
now choker and halter top shorts jacket
all urban bow
oh hey guys I am and some we are may be
doing a collab so get excited for that
next week great wait wait oh so now 20 I
yeah may 29
hands down now hashtag 7 days so yes
super excited about that so I'm really
smooth it's really chill let you know I
just uploaded a video hey yeh a morning
routine is up so definitely go watch it
because I worked really hard on it and
I'd love for you to go watch it also can
we talk about Lauren's couch and chairs
their goals goals goals
I feel me and it okay if you can hear me
through this one you never know hello
got me going great something is going
good we are just chillin I think we'd
like one more shot last numbered like
don't do it so I'm like trying to get
b-roll and I'm showing like my salad and
like all the food that I'm getting and
then I go over to the laptop and this is
literally my face metadata blog right
now I'm eating so so so so this news and
then as you just thought I would see
veggie girl afterwards and it wasn't so
so bomb tomorrow I have a shoot and I
totally need like a bunch of makeup and
stuff so I'm currently at the Grove just
got here and I'm gonna go hey guys so
today is Monday and today's what's gonna
be a little different because um we're
kind of doing a secret shoot no one
knows what this is for
I have no my god he cooked my study baby
do you not have to
I tried
so it's a lunchtime and we got salad and
I'm certified
hey guys so today is May 26th this week
I feel horrible I have not been blogging
to my defense I feel like I've been so
so busy I've done two shoots in the past
three days and it's been so crazy and
stuff but it's been good everything's
going to super smooth and I sent super
fun some stuff is secret some stuff
isn't so I don't know I just like it was
I was so busy so all over the place I
apologize but I wanted to upload this
vlog and just get it up so that way I
can start fresh
vlogging today and like I don't know why
I work that way I'm very much like if
all my vlog clips are all scattered then
I feel scattered and then I just don't
blog and don't upload when I'm in
reality I need to like just do it but
exciting stuff is coming up it gets
super excited also well I have um summer
coming up I was just now planning some
videos for the summer and I really would
love to hear your guys opinions on
videos you want to see in the comments
of this blog yeah I'm like so pumped so
excited I'm like I don't know I'm like
really excited to make amazing content
for you guys and stuff I love you guys
and I will see you in my next vlog I
love you bye mwah
