oh hey guys oh my gosh Jase and the
weirdest day ever well it's been the
most awesome day ever but it is
currently like really late it's like six
no because seven oh no Alisha at 7:30 82
7:30 1 p.m. to be exact
I have not been able to vlog all day
most of you probably have noticed that
yesterday's vlog didn't go up so stupid
stuff really I'm currently editing it in
my car right now while I was editing it
and then my computer dies so it's
actually it's uploaded it's just I'm
priming I was working I was just
finishing the thumbnail and I was almost
done and then it died of like no today
was such a good day you know how like
when you have those days where
everything's just going right one thing
after another you're just like what is
going on with the world like today is
just my day literally have that day I
felt really bad because I can't tell you
all about that it's long story short I
had like three meetings today and every
single one went like better than I even
expected just one of those days where
I'm really feeling like blessed and like
like I don't know also I'm currently
waiting for Nikki because Nikki and
Gavin came down today I'm so excited
they're here I'm like I'm so excited now
we have more fun stuff coming up this
next week it's kind of like we're gonna
be busy currently at the hair salon so I
like God is here for like two seconds
and then she's finishing up right now so
I've been in the car I was editing my
blog about that this vlog it started
late we're gonna go shopping but I've a
feeling it's gonna be too late for that
so we might go shopping still if she
gets out really soon but I'm excited I
haven't seen Gabi yet so I'm so excited
all right oh my god I was like an island
so much taller than you think your hair
looks great looks great looks great very
vibrant right now yes I love it I don't
know how I feel right now I just have to
let it sit okay thank you I currently
have to grow we made it
closes in an hour we made it yes and um
practice open here what is the news did
you get it yeah yeah this is so freaking
cute wait do you see it there's rubber
ducks there's a rubber duck floating
this stuff is hearsay so you should be
buggin gonna keep on like the coolest
pants ever they're like a mermaid pan
which match your mermaid hair okay stop
being popped off right now I got a
jacket that's very mean your hair yeah
no extension are you kidding I'm so
sorry that it is combined obviously I
got like no better yesterday well
technically it's more like afternoon
you're currently filming and today's
video of this begins video probably
gonna be really easy to guess what it is
yes so get ready for a little behind the
scenes right now you're just gonna bust
this video out day it's for a morning my
only like times to film less we need to
go up Sunday so I'm like that's right it
yeah yeah look Lister I read a film Club
are you ready to be featured in my video
yeah you get it close up your birthday
soon you can't be too big go go be 200
whole we love this game are you ready to
see the cutest thing you've ever seen
oh my gosh oh my gosh you're just a
little panda bear I actually can't right
now why did God make you so cute babe so
I'm currently about to film at me and
doing my makeup right now but like me
vlogging doing my makeup you guys get it
legit behind the scenes you guys are
probably gonna include this like actual
footage and the video that's cool
and also means movie / hey is no props
to you my makeup won't do it
told you behind it
also been really liking this brown thing
you could see me talking to a camera
right now that guy's his last because it
looks ridiculous but like it works you
know you guys like these logs I will do
in this one but I get if you could see
me or Natalie from far away I probably
look ridiculous makeup is done so put it
on snapchat a picture of all of these
lovely packages and I was like do you
guys wanna haul such than box I mean
honestly if everyone said no I would
still do it because I love boxing's and
stuff but you guys came oh my god by
Topshop jacket came I'm so excited I was
really scared I thought I want to come
in time because I need it for Monday oh
my gosh I'm so excited I hope they see
through bomber jackets like what what is
it see through it's a see-through jacket
and the material is kind of cool it's
like I don't know this is gonna be so
freakin cool oh but I hope it looks good
so you better guys I got this like pink
pink sports bra slash crop top which I
thought could look really cool undid
that you see it you can see it but I got
this leotard dot just looks like this
it's like a blush nude color and it has
snaps at the bottom which is a nice
those come in handy let me tell you and
then I ordered some stuff from forever
21 to the other night Aalto I can't open
this I got some stuff the first thing is
this crop top it says trust me at the
top just like in little print and it's
just like a purple I thought was pink
online definitely is purple and I got
another crop pop and it's like a blush
needs color but it's really cute because
like right here it's hide I don't know
if you can see this so I got that she
looks really small so it's not like a
medium let me tell you it's like a
miniskirt but then on one side it gets
longer and stuff so and it's like all
like boom right here so that's what that
looks like hopefully it looks good on
we'll see that I got another crop top
that is just like a high neckline and it
has the same type of like knotted look
at the bottom then oh my gosh you guys
obsessed with it it's honest I was like
I'm getting this like this is what made
me decide to order from forever 21
online if it's a Mickey shirt I
this supersoft you guys know I am like
an avid Disney goer it was $15 and then
I got few more things
it's a leotard but it's like low and
then chiffon II right here so you could
work with high-waisted jeans obviously
you'd wear like a bando or something I
mean you don't have to but I'm
definitely going to wear like a bando or
something this one's look so pretty
so it looks like this and then the backs
open again but it was so pretty
like you'd kind of have to see this one
on to like get the gist of it picture it
with like high-waisted jean I got that
really excited about everything but from
a private funky one now I just have this
box from Urban Outfitters oh yeah I like
was not planning on getting this much
clothes at all just kind of happened
but it is a crop top okay it's just like
Navy and it's a Calvin Klein one so I
thought this was so cute because it's a
crop top like it's an actual top but it
still has the Calvin Klein of band at
the bottom and then I got this hat cuz
you guys know I've been all about my
baseball hats lately cuz Ellie on it the
LA Dodgers logo although I'm not a
Dodgers fans but that's cool and I'm
still wearing it but yeah it's like a a
grey blue baseball hat I'm excited
almost that I think yes just two more
things I got this choker this is
basically metal version of the original
like stretchy tattoo chokers do you see
this is this so pretty it's not so
pretty I'm excited I think that one's
gonna look really cute and all about
chokers lately next I ordered my very
own adidas they're the original
superstars I got a size too big on
accident so I'm going to have to return
these which look really bad I hate a
mess joke my PJs so cute okay so that is
everything that I got I legit this is
like a huge haul like I wasn't expecting
it to be that huge so wait I forgot one
I forgot one there we go that's better
here's my little haul maybe you can even
see everything a little better this way
so this is the crop top the necklace
which I'm obsessed with making sure
cropped top jacket so excited for this
jacket I feel like I'm gonna wear it
every single day like not even kidding
also really excited for these leotards I
feel like they're gonna be like really
really pretty on oh my gosh so much
stuff so excited okay so I think I'm
just going to edit footage that I have
from this video because I
have to edit it really quick well not
really quick I don't have much time to
edit it other than tonight so yeah we're
going to do that maybe go to a coffee
shop later I think Ashley wanted to go
do some editing and work at a coffee
shop so so yeah hey guys so update time
I've been chilling here editing at for a
while and I edited this vlog and I just
wanted to end it so thank you so much
for watching I hope that you liked it I
just want to apologize for the amount of
shopping I've been doing lately no I
don't need to apologize for it but I'm
sure it's getting a little excessive
so yeah I'm sorry yeah yeah I will see
you guys most likely tomorrow with
another vlog and if not the next day for
sure obvi I love you guys and buddy
