good morning guys what is up - starting
the vlog a little different today that's
currently 12:52 p.m. a little more
dressed up to normal I actually have a
really exciting panel that I'm doing
today which is like I love panel I love
talking like obviously you guys know
that I can ramble for like ever so
anytime I maybe I'm not good at talking
maybe I shouldn't be doing this so
anytime I'm invited to do it I always
say yes just till I genuinely love like
helping other creators and stuff and if
you don't know panels are basically they
like select a few people to go up and
you just like talk to a group of people
about whatever like questions and
answers usually they revolve around like
how to start your YouTube like what are
other tips for people all that kind of
stuff currently about to drive out to LA
to go do that it shouldn't be too long
I'm thinking it's gonna be like maybe an
hour or two but yeah and also threw
together this outfit that you probably
can't really see right now but it turned
out pretty cute I'm gonna do it after
today remind me later although you guys
can't really remind me later cuz I the
time you see this is gonna be way past
it saying that lads - all remember even
if I leave right now I'm still gonna get
there super early so I think I'm gonna
go to Starbucks get some coffee
wake up might get a latte and yes hi can
I have a grande iced green tea
unsweetened a grande B I know a
sweetener yeah okay enough up guys were
in the Sabbats drive-thru you know what
that means pay it forward but again
there is no one behind me in line but
last time like right when I got to the
window someone pulled in so maybe oh
yeah
what's down
awesome can I also pay for the car
behind me go check our hosts here now oh
wait wait wait
the panel's really good and I just got
this huge swag bag that I'm excited to
go through when I get home debating
getting hurt right now that's right down
the street and yes
oh yes we got some earth I'm really
excited
hey guys so update just currently 454
p.m. on my way home finally battery may
die any second so if it's a sorry I
started to get some earth because it was
literally right down the street I was in
downtown LA so I decided to get some
earth because I wanted to hummus and
tabbouleh salad is so bad but I got one
for Ashley because she was really really
really wanting one the other night so I
was like I'm a surprise her really
hoping there isn't too much traffic on
the way home
whew let's do it oh my gosh just got
home and now there's a little bit
traffic that's cool it's cool um so bale
ashes at the gym but that's okay it's
gonna be home super soon and I figured
I'd give you guys outfits of the day
because I said I would and I totally
forgot to earlier so let's do it if you
follow me on snapchat you would have
already seen this because I posted
earlier my oh oh oh Toto what do I say
my OCD so anyways choker is from brandy
melville a lot of people have it but I
thought it was super cute so I still got
it it's like a really fake just like
choker which is really cute frolla
it's from Free People whereas oh this is
like oh this is the leotard thing that I
showed you guys in Annie Hall with Nicki
that I did they'll blog hop and yeah
it's a little low cuz hashtag long torso
props but it's cool sprawl it fixes it
that's from urban as well as my shorts I
also showed these in the hall they're
super cute and flowy and comfy which I
like and then I'm wearing my thigh high
boots which I got from Nordstrom as you
guys know because every of them all time
oh and then I was also wearing that like
white like jacket if you guys saw that
from and that's from Free People I got
it on clearance um a couple years ago
yeah it's my OTD Hank
high beams why are your extra cute
lately you're so extra cute oh my gosh
also we totally rearrange the living
room I don't know if you noticed okay
not like crazy rearranged it but we just
switched this part of the couch was on
this side like the little like what
what's it called lounge part was over
here so he switched ships it outside and
then we moved the coffee table to the
middle know if you can tell but it's so
much more open and I feel like it's more
like a living room you know cuz like I
don't know it's like
not as cluttered and I feel like it has
up more space and stuff and yes yay we
got some fruits we got some salad okay
we're gonna eat by eat what up
we are currently editing and I have so
much to do before oh my gosh I don't
even tell you guys oh my god I'm flying
to Montana tomorrow so random so this is
so so random have to see tomorrow's vlog
to figure out what I'm doing in Montana
literally there for like 24 hours
actually kind of exciting and really
random and it's gonna be a good vlog not
sure if I'll be able to upload because
I'm not sure how the signal is gonna be
I'm definitely gonna vlog those days but
it may not just go up the very next day
so you I might be gone for a day don't
worry still there definitely I'm me on
snapchat though because that way you can
see more like what's going on yeah so I
have to pack for that I leave here at 6
a.m. tomorrow morning which sucks but it
could be worse it could be like 3:00
a.m. so I'm not complaining too much I
have my whole video to edit I have to
pack I have homework and I have my blog
to edit and get that ready to upload for
tomorrow morning so a little dress just
like dang I'd like to get sleep tonight
but there's a chance that I won't get
any sleep tonight you know what I mean
you know what I mean this is what I'm
gonna be doing for the next 4 or 5 hours
probably like 6 or 7 hours let's be real
chilling on the couch also this is a
screenshot from last week's video
definitely go watch it if you guys
haven't yet it's already got 2 million
views which is crazy it was the fake
friends vs. real friends um collab with
it niki and gabi so girls go watch it
hey so is currently I think like 12
please well after midnight Ashley
beyond the living rooms in China quiet
currently packing hi you'd be so proud
of me I finished editing my video so I
was editing it all freaking night like
six hours I'm not even kidding I was
just tonight like last night with all my
gosh Chloe is so tired you can't go to
bed mama as you can see I'm doing some
packing normally I'd be like oh guess
why I'm going to Montana but honestly
it's so random so so random so you guys
just gonna have to see tomorrow's vlog
you know what I'm doing there but yeah
I'm excited though it should be really
fun try it I'm like blanking so harder
now I'm I want my camera oh well like my
vlog camera battery I think I have
everything at least for the most part I
have no idea honestly Oh Chloe you're so
cute gonna finish packing
wish me luck and then I really should
edit this book tonight don't edit it
tonight I mean it's probably not gonna
go up until like Tuesday realistically
I'd really don't that to happen okay
what do I need I need my computer but
I'm gonna edit so not yet phone charger
vlog battery charger heat that's all oh
my gosh I feel like I'm blanky
there we go all packs yeah I'm like
totally bumming it right now
don't mind me so homework is done videos
done and it's uploaded on private ready
to go so all I have to do is upload it
tomorrow I'm all packed and now the only
thing left to do is edit this vlog I'm
gonna try to edit it so fast at least
like half and then I feel like maybe
tomorrow I'll figure out I don't like I
don't know like are there gonna be
outlets there I don't know I'm sure
there will be honestly I don't really
know how this signal is gonna be where I
am probably just wants to suck it up
edit the vlog and have it like ready to
go but then there's no apartment it's
like well you should go to bed you have
to get up well I don't know we'll see
okay yeah
