hey guys so something just happened that
is so embarrassing and I can't believe
it actually happened
I missed my not on purpose
Nikki's happy I have a theory that she
purposely didn't wake me up or or do you
guys remember my life hack but I'm
testing testing weird life hack video
where like you call someone so their
alarm stops I have a feeling that she
did that she's never done I was like oh
wouldn't it be funny if I wake up at
like noon and realize and I woke up at 8
o'clock I set my alarm for 4:30 in the
morning for now I remember waking up
right before my alarm went off so as I
go I have a couple minutes don't
remember anything else I wake up at 8
o'clock smells like a / oh my gosh like
literally and I was like oh my gosh that
did not just happen it didn't it was
like yeah okay I'm like dang I lost
money for sure that gives me a little
bit of a refund but whatever so my
flight is now at 5:15 I have three hours
but at least I got max today out of it I
guess now we're gonna want their Asian
to get food and then we're gonna film a
haul for you guys you guys really wanted
to haul so we think we're just gonna
like film a quick like random blah like
haul for it like this star by the way
daddy it like don't say that like oh
well I've been seeing it on my blogs -
it's just that like me and Alisha are
like our vlog channels are more like
similar like whatever we're filming like
we hang up Gabby but like when we're
filming always we're just like together
and like she saw has her life here like
just cuz I come like no one's life needs
to like stop you know me so has her
friends she still has like everything I
just don't have to like hear that we're
just like just like at it like dude
nothing we're doing and welcome to
today's vlog
man okay I put on my makeup I didn't do
any eyeshadow and I kinda like it I
didn't feel like I had the eyeshadow
either I didn't I mean I feel like it
looks good right away but in like three
hours I'm gonna look real ratchet you
know I mean I like it we put the natural
color
I can't funds in the fun snow weather
can be this way cute we're in the
puddles puddles fail I suppose it in
 anything at lunch but we got lunch
and we are now about to film a haul for
our second channel now I'm so good
excited for that I'm just going at it
like do it separately don't get excited
for that a lot of you guys know come on
a few hauls and I've been shopping so we
doing all right snuff humming it
absolutely for the airport like 10
minutes we're done plastic I was closer
than well I've a long torso so you're
gonna be shorter I can suck yeah yeah
here we go I'm sad currently importing
the footage that we just filmed for the
hall in the car I'm over the airport on
Nikki's memory card so here we go this
is like youtuber prompt how many times
have you like imported or edited in a
car because like you had to or like
whatever Aven you know you just got the
airport's and I'm sad because I'm gonna
see you real soon but that's not like LA
and usually I hear they're so busy this
is like phones look now I have a
seven-hour trip by myself buddy I'm
gonna get some coffee right now
if I lose an hour I feel like she's like
the only person that knows like she just
like we just click Danny a boxing Nicky
here we go here we go
what episode just got out of security
and now I'm gonna go VIN some coffee
and yeah I have a little out so I guess
I'd like 15 minutes still have to be at
the
this is a really small airport so like
security it would look really fast like
not I definitely wanted Starbucks or
Dunkin but this will do good not amazing
so I think I'm not gonna drink at all so
I can get another one when I landed my
layover in Chicago can't believe is that
I missed my flight this morning totally
completely I did get some of a refund
back but like not in here not near and
huh Ivan could about a lot of coffees to
death by $50
literally shown here in the corner
everyone's like over there and I'm just
here to Bowling Alone kind of cool
Pistons I feel like I don't feel that
bad walking like I'm sure people are
staring at me but not nearly and as much
as if it was LA I pretend to have
friends with me
oh here you go yeah thank you here we go
I go here we go here we go it was
literally spacing out and then next
thing I know like no one's near me
everyone's like on the plane
sometimes you good ain't good enough
some time to try ain't hot enough get
real car in my car
oh my gosh
and that our herons are here everyone
came to pick me up so nice family ghouls
good anyways you're currently going to
earth and getting some food I'm so
hungry
and it's on touch for a second that's
really cool oh I'm not yelling more at
that
family are you excited over I got my
usual hummus and tabbouleh salad pita
bed and I have a latte coming and I am
suited Chloe where's your toy hey
alright so I am home and it feels so
good to be here I'm ready to go to bed
obviously took shower thanks so much for
watching this vlog I hope that you liked
it and I'll see you tomorrow with a new
vlog and Danielle okay
