good morning guys welcome to fetus
Alicia
good morning actually good afternoon we
woke up at like 11:00 again that's okay
because we're still gonna get everything
done today is a very exciting and
filming day I'm really excited for this
video you guys should be too or putting
some effort into it again
the perks of watching my vlogs is you
get behind the scenes on everything so
this video is gonna be a little like
behind the scenes on what the video is
let me know if you can guess what it is
yeah I don't know I think like hard me
wants to actually film like more of a
legit behind the scenes to think that
could be cool or whatever I don't know
it's gonna be chill it's gonna be tough
also Nikki and I are gonna try to edit
it show back as I would really love for
us to go up like tomorrow or Sunday yeah
um anyways before filming you guys know
me I need my coffee so we're gonna make
a Duncan trip and yeah my hair is so
gross I know yeah are you kidding look
at mine I was like an egg we look like
eggs right no I was trying to do a car
shot failed miserably at a time here
makeup is done are done is done hair and
makeup are done whoop sorry guys so I
follow you grammatic anyways it is
currently 220 HP em it's been a while
but I got my coffee and we got a black
coffee but then we came home and I added
a whole bunch of almond milk to it
because that's way better than normal
milk for you know yet how's that we are
currently setting up for the intro and
to take pictures for our thumbnails
there we go and that's why the lighting
is extra bomb because we got 1 2 3
lights and lights in the background it's
just so pretty
here's a behind the scenes of our setup
that we got going on right now yeah I
feel like my makeups extra good today oh
you know what it is you know what it is
I didn't put eyeliner on again apps
normally like you put your false lashes
you put a little more eyeliner I didn't
do that I feel like the lashes stand out
like stand out like a million times more
and my battery is flashing which means I
should find my other battery to make
sure this isn't dying on me well it'll
die but it won't but I'll have another
one
monikers behind the scenes let's do it
let's do it out we need to order pizza
waitwhat slip it up for oh my I don't
know why I'm like it's bestest it
sliding right now probably cuz it's all
likes to do lie to find stuff if you
like a studio it does like a studio look
I need a buy more pillows like so that
I'm so bad okay anyway it's I'm gonna
find that that's that's like yeah
boobies you're so cute I love them
they're like sorority girl filling best
friend you're talking about we want to
go to UM you're up together
guys good topic on one didn't you
something anyone anyway okay here we go
little girl hey mamas everyone probably
gonna be so tired of Lily in my blog
corn chips no does your dog smell like a
corn chip it's not a dog it is even a
dog your dog is like yeah you have to do
the half but sit that I do no no perfect
and then like send one of you like she's
like an ugly one did you actually take
it yeah and I'll save that and then it's
gonna be on the side of the screen we
ordered pizza
so Mickey's into a new unicorn one see
not only the pizza but it was a guy that
was waiting for me to sign for a package
my blog hello so you're currently
outside looking real fabulous for Ella
fabulous Nikki what's your alter ego
name's Britt what's mine player my name
is Claire Claire and bricklayers we have
this rain blog footed we were totally
soul Gabby's wardrobe oh this is good
lighting dude this is really good by
mail with me put your sunglasses on oh
wait I got you what will yours gonna get
McLean
these are alter-egos Brett over here and
Claire and gabs is Stassi but she had to
leave Oh quick but she'll be back
Stassi Brett and Claire Stassi Britain
Claire Bank comment on the video when it
goes up because everyone's gonna be so
confused and you guys are gonna know
what I'm talking about update it is 628
still going strong you're hitting a wall
like no other we're really tired out a
headache and we're just like I don't
know we're so out of it like oh my god
we build here we go filming another
scene kill the involves pinkie pinkie
okay oh you look beautiful
what would my makeup today I'm never
doing this again okay so we're doing a
shower theme that's actually hilarious
oh my god so who thinks Gaby should go
blonde how do I achieve that be like
brunette like it's gonna get orange
right no if you do it right I think you
could pull it off go full on yeah you
look like a Barbie like a real-life
Barbie
she's like I want it I want it and it's
like orange I mean blue mert mert
anyways I think we are done filming for
the night we have thumbs so many things
I had 20 things to film and I only have
everything's left so that means we've
got 17 things today oh my gosh okay
anyways we're just gonna chow edit it
get some booze I'm starving and umm yeah
come window holla holla wait if you dyed
your hair blonde that could be your new
intro for your blog if you dye your hair
blonde that could be your intro for your
vlog this goes even more hey no hey no
totally does hey guys what is up
it is currently 246 a.m. I've noticed we
have been going to bed on the dot 3 a.m.
which is really not good which is like
suave in my time but anyways I just
edited it this vlog so that way you can
be up in the morning for you guys yeah
I'm gonna see this tomorrow I might be
my first vlog that's not a full day vlog
only cuz I don't know what our plans are
and today's footage I almost
didn't have enough and we were filming
so so yeah I love you guys so so so much
and I'll see you tomorrow with a new
vlog or hopefully tomorrow's new vlog
okay
