good morning guys I look like a hot mess
right now don't know we're about to do
some grocery shopping
Oh demand curve we need your heart right
that's an extra big car it's like a lot
wait there's another time
good choice good show you remember the
ones that had like a pole with a flag
for like little kids they have like the
seats on the back
yeah wait I'm obsessed with those get
the light lightly salted they're
actually heaven you don't oh look what I
take at least I know it's here you know
grocery shopping at its finest yes I
haven't done my face don't look at it
got some asparagus because it's so good
eat your veggies we got the good excited
I'm saying Sam Tori
look at all that healthy food don't
successful shopping trip time we are
currently at back home and I'm about to
Gaby's makeup natural and breathe but do
it
trainers politely nervous but not really
because Gaby ordered these as a prank so
this is literally at Gabby's makeup bag
everyday makeup every day literally and
it's so it's a purse I remember wanting
like a purse just like this in middle
school their old purse for middle school
it's literally like your makeup bag you
brought it to Florida
I just plopped the bag in there loser
your mama's laugh he's so happy and it's
you're going for am a natural glam look
work work work work work work
now going mom we are actually King of
Prussia mom and I've noticed you guys
combatant and the block was most huge I
love it wait wait wait wait wait with
ali-a that you're new to my vlogs
welcome to the vlog baby even though I
changed it why is this so pretty it's
you
so just ain't believe oh my gosh you
were my first W to meet at this awesome
yeah what is one your favorite
restaurants out here like what something
I have to do I'm out here that's a tough
one oh wait I heard about Rita yes
nothing okay handle ice-cream handle
that is amazing okay I'm gonna do it gab
got some lush goodies to add to her
collection
I could go into the bays place no just
say yeah the baby food yeah
you get a soy soy macchiato banana oh
yeah I got a banana turban
Thank You stars for the wonderful
pick-me-up that I needed
very badly now we're looking for Nicki
what the heck they have the cutest full
toys
I've never seen an urban one like this
before it is so cute
no I want to get stuff oh wait a
birthday yes literally so Q there's a
pizza right here oh but we got so we're
like randomly to an urban chillin and we
met Dagon the cutest ever oh my gosh
yeah can you even help it of the day
because fun point on point they did some
damage at Urban I bought way too much
stuff oh wait first birthday I'm like
block party you got you have a huge but
I've never I didn't even know they had
those bags
right now so we're trying to find an ATM
and it's weird because everything is
like everything's so empty hey guys so
update is 147 what myself who's gonna go
to bed early again tonight we're like
we're not on East Coast time I'm on La
time still and Nikki just is anyway I
don't know why you are but you are like
what it has been going to bed at 3 like
every day we wake up wake up to 12 and
I'm like oh it's like 8 9 a.m. like no
it's definitely not ever night you guys
like this video and that you like this
vlog also while I was editing I was
thinking like wait I didn't show what I
got shopping I don't know what you guys
want to see a halt on this channel like
maybe even like a lab over blogs yeah
like comment like like even like a nice
one like maybe we can even use like the
nice cameras I don't know
so if you want to haul like this video
and comment below we dust and stuff and
maybe you will do well maybe tomorrow's
vlog will be a haul a puzzle blog but
puts off it let me guys so so so so much
and I will see you tomorrow a new vlog
holla yes let's do it
