oh my god the wall looks so good oh my
god this room looks so freakin different
calendar he's coming down so right now
we're currently cleaning off everything
so we can bring these jets into the room
oh my god this room is an actual
disaster right now hey guys what is up
say it's just such you can't talk such
an exciting freaking day remember how I
told you that we were gonna have our
office transformation happening the Deaf
who be there we could get like super
cute wallpaper side now I know I look
like I have no hair struggle of having
short hair is your ponytails look like
you just have no hair it's there but I
mean at least this is a way to see if I
could rock a pixie cut I don't think I
like it
and you put lipstick on so let me do
that while I talk to you guys I
desperately need to reorganize all my
makeup I know I do that probably like
once a week just kidding not really but
it probably feels like it to you guys I
added another one of these things right
now it just has like random like there's
some jewelry in there whatever I don't
really know where I'm gonna put that
maybe I'll put that on the other side
over here I don't know I'm kind of
wanting just to try a whole new like
vanity setup but we'll wait for that
that's another project another day let's
see I think we could do this guy I love
how I just turn the light on and it
looks so much better
Wow I thought I could multitask and do
this at the same time and clearly I
can't so let me just finish my lips okay
for those of you wondering this is
really me by Mac it's kind of mob color
like a grayish pinkish brownish mop and
I need to blend out my contour more
sometimes I really hate doing makeup
okay we're gonna balance you on a tripod
wow it's very obvious that it's house
you know just like $2,000 balancing on a
piece of plastic um okay wait so I'm I'm
so tall the transformation is happening
it's happening downstairs as we speak
right this very second I am just so
freaking excited I've mentioned this a
lot but as I've told you guys where the
offices now is gonna be the dining room
and where the dining room used to be is
gonna be the office because it's much
better lighting we like good lighting it
makes sense why I have breath I'm like
actually out of breath right now Shara
is helping us do this she has a YouTube
channel she is an amazing interior
designer I'm genuinely just pacing in my
room
sooner I'm not nervous I'm excited
really funny Wow like I know what's
gonna be so good so I'm just like no
it's cuz she knows us
it's just gonna be good so since I have
like 30 minutes to kill or so I guess I
should just do some laundry while it's
sitting right and four-run of me
okay we're out that didn't take that
long and like I should do that more
often okay hold on hmm
Cheryl can you come here I'm gonna go
see if Cheryl okay because I've been in
my room all day yeah so I was just
wondering being a good little girl up
here not peeking
I'm not peeking at all can you just like
give me a hint
well it's a big room that has desks and
like a sofa I knew that
oh and there's wood there's lots of wood
oh there's blade can you tell me which
bookcases you decide well they have
shelves it's gonna try there's one we
surprised and a surprise you're so much
better how much an hour an hour I was
gonna say how much longer okay maybe
even less than that we're just like
candles and like vacuuming like doing
all the fun little final touches me look
fabulous I'll be back call me wait wait
wait what I'll tell you this there's
definitely some glam can I just say and
you're gonna love you guys it worked I
didn't think I'd get any hints I'm not
gonna lie I'll be in my room Ashley I'm
so excited we are about to see freakin
office I'm not even kidding I have like
been waiting all day
I trust share us so much so like I know
we're gonna love it like I know we're
gonna love me we just like pan to the
entryway really quick oh yeah just has
Lea at our new entryway that we love ooh
they said they're almost done and in
like two minutes they're probably gonna
go over there and are we ready I'm not
looking I'm not looking I'm not looking
just are we just gonna lie you're just
gonna walk in and they're gonna open
your eyes are you gonna count us off yes
three oh no no no no no no no no no no
no no
oh my god the wrong guy love this do you
I genuinely love it I don't want to show
you guys everything I really I want to
show you everything but you really
should go watch shares videos you should
go watch share this video oh my god the
chairs it's funny cuz I already saw
these chairs because they've been
chilling here for literally the couch is
ours but it looks completely different
oh I'm like shaking oh give you guys a
little sneak peek like look it look at
the light what do you see do you see
that I don't want to show you guys
everything I'll give you like a there
you go that's all you get this rug is
beautiful here's the thing with the rest
so notice how there's like a darker gray
texture or color tone to it yeah that's
what ties in the navy so fun yeah I
found a solution
cuz you had a lot of light and a lot of
you know the right airiness and then we
had a little bit of a darker texture of
sofa to work with and I think this rug
pulls it all together
no everything else so if you guys want
to see the big reveal of this room like
the big transformation everything like
how the whole process of it I'm gonna
have it linked in the design so we yep
oh my god I love that the calendars the
same I feel like it like feels like our
old office but and the desk is the same
couch as the same some of the things you
already had this is
