good morning guys everyone's staring at
me but that's cool we are currently
Epcot so exciting we ended up extending
our our trip to Orlando and we are
having a Disney day I'm stoked right
over here money guys she'll be thinking
yeah b-squad what up yo yeah that's what
we're doing so excited and just ready
for some magic you guys know like
sometimes we're doing Epcot today and
then I think we're in do magic keep them
out of a time yo oh wait - right this
has been lovely I don't know why guys
what do we do first
what's the plan yes ready this is life
of youtubers everyone's like wait we got
a vlog
yo steps up so we are currently anub
arak oh and we're eating and I love
brown
we got the chicken shawarma falafel
hummus tabbouleh and some pita bread on
the rump it got its own uh Loki's got my
picture I'm not gonna lie but it's so
hugely the biggest in my life so let's
do it
so this is our car for test track about
it
Kings Lambo well it's a Chevy what's so
yeah of course we would do this
choose that John girl y'all be what's
going on the round
my hair my hair is so great that guys so
ride with I think we are currently about
to pop over to Magic Kingdom yes and she
was really good and Starbucks right now
and the look is Annette it's like hot
bag or was Serbian yes yeah so many
Starbucks
Brittany is it hard you have it
inserting you want to shout out yeah go
follow her
go do it headed to Magic Kingdom tell me
what most excited for Burroughs
I should be good
I always cheer up
like trying to like cheerio remake
myself so we're riding the ferry to the
park so pretty
there's the castle we're going hey wait
guys get in this this is so gorgeous Wow
oh my god that is beautiful and still
ready for show okay so we just got some
fast passes and are now I see if we're
headed to Haunted Mansion I know we have
a fastest seller wait what are we doing
right now sure yeah that's fireworks for
show literally cannot even wait for the
parade I'm gonna sing my heart out when
it's dancing I'm gonna let me hear it
Gabby I wanna know something because I
sweat really bad and I knew I was coming
to Disney and I was like I'm gonna see
Victoria's Secret Show Gold sparkly
flip-flops
it is so pretty tour guide Shelby where
are we going
true getting some churros can't come to
Disney and not get a cheer
we found the churros
Gabby's ears light up I love that well
herb oh yeah
Disneyland's are a million
the box come on his way smaller domes
are bigger and it's like good foot
smaller than yes right I don't feel like
we're friar
going on the carpet
Oh
you're currently going on
we watched the world oh my god we're so
tired I don't even know where they're
awkward dancing make use like broke her
shoe like five times today give me gas
against The Tempest it is Gabby scouts
right
what it's like a midnight right now what
up guys so we are currently at IHOP
ready I'm ready
we finally got any right now I love you
and I'll see you tomorrow with a very
very very exciting and I'm the thing
that's happening so yeah
