good morning guys what is up so today is
an extra exciting vlog I'm sure you
already know cuz the title I'm something
else it but I am leaving for playlist
live Orlando's day oh my gosh my voice
yes I'm getting I don't know if I'm
getting better or if it's just like
staying the same I'm like overall I got
a little better so like a little bit
just my nose I like my throat every now
and then like my voice like two whole is
totally gone we're flying to Orlando for
playlist live is gonna be really fine at
my flight is until 3:15 is currently
10:23 a.m. I've actually done a lot of
tacking but I wanted to show you guys me
packing I have to go to old tech because
I really need dry shampoo and then I
really wanted to get my eyebrows done
and through looking a little little
messy so I think I'm gonna go do my
errands right now and that way I'm just
come back and like finish do my makeup
yeah everything packed and everything
like that
yeah I just want to start T's blog so so
yeah hey little guys I was totally
vlogging all time and realize that
record button wasn't going at all and
then bye that's most like goes check out
so that's suck I will give you all when
I get back home so now I'm gonna go see
if I get my eyebrows done and yeah
okay so just got to the eyebrow place
and not wish me luck guys eyebrows are
gonna be like so right oh my gosh this
done hmm that's a time we are now headed
to targets I'm gonna get them snitch for
the plate yeah and just the trip in
general why not and I rather super oh no
pick it down
it's like weirdly I should pick you back
oh my gosh oh my god what would you do
if I like Pat's up on the little one and
I was like oh yeah I have to do this
looking for almond weirwood almonds be
found and haul time let's start with
choice it's right here
got some issues because um hashtag cold
and hashtag flying doesn't go together
so I got some like individual ones like
put my person my backpack that's
explanatory got some almonds just to
like a munch on the plane if I'm hungry
or whatever is almonds are good for you
and yeah this is so random but I also
got like individual peanut butter things
celery and peanut butter like whatever
so and most hotels never have peanut
butter so so yeah I actually text me and
I was like yo do you need anything from
Target she said yes give me deodorant so
I got her some it's deodorant deodorant
I think that's everything from Target
and then from Ulta
I really needed new makeup wipes I swear
I just bought some and I have no idea
where they are so I got some new ones a
lot of you recommended me to try the
hydrating ones because they're like
better than the ones I normally get so
I'm trying these ones got my favorite
dry shampoo ever this is the reason why
I basically went anywhere today because
I really needed some dry shampoo and
then the last thing that I got is this
mirror I've been meaning to get a mirror
like this for such a long time and we
were on to where most the girls had a
mirror like this and honestly it helped
so much doing their makeup there's
usually hardly any mirrors and the
Lighting's like all yellow and stuff so
I was like I'm gonna get my own mirror
so I can do my makeup like wherever so
yeah so yeah that's all
much better make it was done and guys
these eyebrows doe they look on fleek
cuz I got them done which is really
funny mostly packed I just have to pack
up pack means I have to pack up my
carry-on let's yes oh look at this
little one imma miss you playing this
meap's like mummies hissing me I love
you I love her so much
okay thank you okay
let's do this so here's the suitcase I
feel like I'm so under packed like not
even funny I don't even know what I
packed so I mean hopefully I packed it
up I'm like not even kidding
I like I don't know this side we got
bathing suits all that fun stuff and
then we got shoes on this side I usually
do like shoes and random stuff so I'm
I'm here my uggs my like beauty stuff
shoes already said the curling iron and
yes that is my suitcase and again I hope
I have everything
Alice they don't even know what I'm
wearing tomorrow I have two panels
anumita tomorrow and I don't know what
I'm wearing yeah awesome right right Oh
last time I see pieces overs I'm really
hoping got the suitcase I seriously love
my suitcase so much it's so huge but the
problem is because it's so huge you can
fit so much stuff so it's so easy to go
over the limit because you're like oh my
suitcase isn't full I'll make it full
and you make it full and then they're
like oh you need to take out five pounds
down now in my backpack I really don't
know take it out on the hair come on you
get it I really don't know where my
backpack is which is kind of a problem
casually linguistic lessons okay so huge
fail I thought I was flying United and I
really like doubt that I have to walk
luckily it's on the same side of the
terminal that I'm on so don't have to
like get another car okay so we finally
made it through security and building -
there's a gate I love it like boarding
soon but I really wanted to get a water
try logging in their burgers
can I have the avocado tomato and then
the pineapple chicken just too difficult
op try living it I got a two portion
thing and then an apple because
this is my food today
it's out empty here what up guys so it
is currently 5:30 in the morning I'm
sitting here for Mia is here she's
getting her baggage yeah I'm so tired
and I have to be up in like five hours
because I have an early meeting you look
so cute
what is this one of those domains in
here I mean I am tired and I'm kind of
like delirious right now I'm just like
off my game off making Michigan so early
because our meetup is in the moanin
well I'm excited but I'm not excited
that I don't get to sleep in we have to
check in at 9:30 a.m. that means we have
to be up at 7:30 a.m. what's our current
situation why not
help we're so excited guys we are so
excited yes
I'm unbelievably hyper right now because
I'm so sleep-deprived and I had a coffee
on the plane although that usually
doesn't affect me I'm just like Blanc a
long day but you have to see this
playlist it's like literally a sweetest
there's like little goodies and I I just
freaked out Oh see this was like okay
ready so I walk in my room and I was
like oh my gosh this hotel has a really
cute coffee maker
wait what that doesn't make sense this
is too cute to be like or no offense to
the hotel but you know doesn't you yeah
whatever
there was this 4 port USB wall charger
which I've wanted one of these for a
really long time with some phone cords
I'm coffee they know I love my coffee
you gotta have a pause and then there's
this coffee maker that is so cute and
I'm like so excited for that inbox water
because you know what I mean alright so
here's the same guy we walk in the room
and I'm like oh my gosh wait can I take
this can I take that coffee like make
your home it looks like a brand like
left it and then we're like oh my gosh
wait didn't me is room how's that - so
we go to Mia's but there's stuff isn't
that you're like oh wait so does that
really mean I can take that stuff home
so I'm not sure but I really want to
take it does that make me
am I gonna steal it I don't know I'm
gonna ask but I'm like 99% sure that
means I could take it cuz it's just like
stuff like sitting here like little
goodies like oh my god but yeah insignia
so it's this literally the cutest coffee
maker ever box water cup noodles um
coffee what is this
chocolate chip cookie dough instant
oatmeal oh man oh and then a little oh
my gosh wait I have I have something
like this you like tea kettle things do
you have one mean do you want it you can
have fun if it's you like this is you
and then this is me we both like color
but you go for the more blacks and I go
for the more white and yes here I give
this tea kettle to you mean cherish it
forever you're welcome I'm gonna hate
myself when I edit this vlog me and I
always usually have separate rooms cuz
they booked it that way but we usually
always just like crash together in the
same room cuz it's so much more fun is
like a sleepover the whole time
woo
then there is a toaster with some
pop-tarts so sweet still not 100% sure
if I can take these home with me but I
really won't
so yeah we have a.m. and meet up in like
5 hours so we're gonna go to bed
