oh no oh no oh my god did I literally
thought I just broke my camera
completely we're good
what is up you guys first of all I still
always forget to just finish and put
lipstick on my lips okay what is up you
guys welcome to today's vlog I should
actually go put up a vlog before we
start doing this vlog because you guys
would probably want to see a blog whoo
I'm so starving right now
let's get you lighter guys if you shop
at Trader Joe's this stuff is absolutely
amazing it's amazing
also wife me up just kidding I literally
microwave - oh my god you guys I am so
sad that's a long story short if you
watch my vlogs you would probably know
that I got a new computer I'm so excited
right now and I ordered this super cute
case for it it's like this color just so
cute and stuff but I have a dilemma
basically I kind of mentioned this
before but this is the computer that has
the new adapters so the sides are
different it's the USBC inputs so in
order to use any like USB or anything
like that which is 90% of what I use you
have to have an adapter like this so I
got this adapter but it doesn't fit with
the case and that makes me really sad
also change the background do we like I
like it's cute but yeah look at this so
this thing won't fit this has to go in
here but it won't close because of the
case part right there so have to order a
new adapter and I'm sad that's all still
of the case like I can still use that I
just have to order new one which kind of
sucks so kind of wasted money on this
one and I'm probably should return it
probably too lazy to return it cuz I
hate doing returns anyways so plans for
the day I've honestly been editing so
much I got a fuckup which was really
exciting and in a few hours it's gonna
head to the Grove do a little shopping
or meeting up with so many people oh my
god me Remy
amia Kyle Tiffany Tila Ashlee like we're
all gonna go to dinner and then it go
see it incredible tonight I'm so excited
you guys like oh my god I'm so excited
I've always loved Incredibles I remember
hearing that they were gonna come out
with a second one genuinely almost what
ten years ago or something like that
isn't that crazy like I just never hear
that they were gonna have a second one
and it's crazy that's here in time goes
by so fast like it's just weird I'm so
excited so we're gonna go do that
tonight so I have some time to chill I
honestly wish is getting so tired of
editing I was like I need a brain and
Loki I'm kind of tired so I might Tegan
what is up everybody clean up
update time what time is this 27:20 so
it definitely took a nap from LA
something I saw we just came to a zig
Grove and I'm so excited we have a
dinner reservation in 20 minutes wait 40
minutes but I got 40 let's do this we're
gonna meet up with Romy and Teela and
then everyone else is coming later last
house in this exact parking lot I bought
Taylor Swift tickets are you ready ash
don't ball I was kind of chilly I'm
really glad I wear sweat pants should we
do an outfit of the day jacket is from
Topshop shirt is from mistress Rox
sweatpants are from House of CB and my
shoes are Puma oh hello I'm so glad we
dressed warm because it is pretty cold
I almost didn't wear a job you know it
yeah it's pretty freakin cold and Here I
am again coming to the Grove on a
Saturday which is a picnic so freaking
crowded
I gonna go find Freddy and Sheila oh I'm
so excited and we're gonna see
Incredibles like a buncha times ever oh
wait I just want to come wait oh they
have such cute stuff this jacket is
honestly so you like Wampus I come on
come here back on a weekday it's just
kind of busy especially we're gonna go
to a movie it doesn't make sense
hold everything oh I'm torn I really
want to shop it literally at the same
time I don't want to be carrying a whole
bunch of bags into the movies and to
dinner and to dinner I don't know I'm
scared I'm gonna have a mix with this
top I'm knocking a lot constantly point
out my shirt bad choice how could you an
opportunity for me today this is new
this is from Alisha our urban urban
toxin these are made well these are new
I love her but I feel like I look like
I'm daytime I'm not even kidding you
guys literally it was so good
I went literally watch it again right
now it was a ten out of ten it literally
felt like a three-hour movie and I had
my attention the entire it was so
freaking good
I loved it how does I'm gonna see it
again so bad
