hey guys what does happy Friday I hope
that your Friday was amazing flash is
amazing like right now currently like
noon I think this morning after I went
to gym it came home and eyes is
literally I'm having the worst cramps of
my life I'm like no other and I'm really
sad cuz today it's gonna be a fun day
and I don't want to be like Murph all
day and again that TMI whatever don't
care told you start my period yesterday
and I'm like oh I was actually on the
floor and like fetal position I'll show
you I do this literally like raining but
so I like bundled up but I'm like kind
of hot right now but yeah so I'm gonna
do my makeup
I'd like barely was able to grow up blow
dry my hair I'm just moving so slow it's
like not even funny
you know I just want to start today's
vlog because I put up yesterday's vlog
this morning and I like miss doing daily
daily vlogs I try extra hard to make
sure I can get like enough footage for
one day and upload every single day and
stuff so yeah today is an exciting
exciting day Ashley and I have packed up
our stuff for the day and we are headed
to dump incentive Dom Disneyland I know
a lot of you already guessed it because
in the end and my birthday vlog I told
you how we got a room at see California
like RZA Ward asked is literally the
best sister EVER and she got a room for
me at Aaron Mia and um and actually me
her Ashley is Terrence oh let's put some
makeup on this face make bazan exciting
and guys um g√ºnther yeah we got an early
check-in I'm so excited happy birthday I
got a pin I've never had a pin and I got
a pin and I love it we are at the hotel
that is like connected to California
Adventure and we get better and like
over looks damn fun Disney like
like an upgrade to our room like she
just like gave us were just so awesome
and so sweet is this so exciting you can
see downtown Stanton disney-like so
exciting I'm feeling way better by the
way if you're wondering yeah way better
there's a separate entrance where you
can go into the park from the hotel so
it's legit coming here for one night
it's gonna be fine Thank You Ashley
everything has been have you're gonna go
see if they have a Fast Pass is still
available for watercolor and then I
think it's lunch absolutely and then
Terrence meeting up after work drink me
it's coming so this is not feeling well
there's a better beam but let's do it
right as a magical day okay just found
the pool you're totally coming here
later
we're totally coming here later I love
ribbons yeah I've like been in the lobby
of this hotel but I've never like stayed
here I don't know it feels weird like we
just got in here so quick I feel like I
live here it feels a whole different
feeling and I love it so much and then
people are like saying happy birthday
friend goes to unify King okay gonna die
young
so we're at story sort of the can all
talk so storytellers cafe I think I'm
gonna get these salmon with artichoke
whatever that is tapenade Japanese was
that - what was what the artichoke
tapenade
so cute it's like a little lodge is a
little fireplace with the burner um this
looks so good we got broccolini we got
some salmon with some artichoke
thank you
you guys all look so cute in your
outfits oh my gosh okay nice meeting you
look at it oh my god oh my gosh you guys
okay so I this button nice where we
already got a free cupcake as you saw
they wrote happy birthday a little bit
it is drinks ready
sprinkling hard I would say squiggly yes
go to Starbucks hot we got a Starbucks
we got Starbucks
but you're right it is actually sweet
yeah now I get the bad coffee okay it's
definitely raining out I don't know if
you guys I've done tons enta we are at
Indiana Jones how do you how do you feel
about it are you nervous
it's my favorite right hands down like
but it's like just Dart that's a castle
the kids would I
I'd love to love you and you're going oh
I'm going but in front of the care for
how beautiful
buddy I like like tourism status
plaguing our
and I'm wearing my seat man in a troop
of combat boots and my through that I
got from Tokyo
great oh and your birthday pin this
thing has going great
such a match today yeah it is if it's
your birthday it definitely good
birthday pen it's worse that's your horn
thanks for my birthday surprise do you
like didn't even do my hair today like I
just like
me neither about her that looks decent
damn to be traffic season kind of like
the crease in there just like it looks
like some looks like Kate literally I
just wanna like sing like Disney songs
that I'm here and frolic and spin in the
just world people think of you know
they heard me thinking it and now we're
going on
oh wait you haven't so it throws my hair
down what was I thinking
my words
Harold
I just dropped probably gonna talk
anyways upstate we are currently about
to go back to the hotel rooms we can
kind of recharge the phone that's cool
this is so cool oh there's a big Disney
like a fireplace we should go sit by the
fireplace tonight we watch as she
blogged this is what it looks like to
blog yeah my ears I left him in the room
and I was really sad about that I give
you guys a room tour but it's honestly
unbelievably basic so it's like kind of
like pointless I feel like I'm actually
dark besides this one anyways I'm we're
gonna chill chill gonna chill here for a
little bit and uh have some snacks we
brought some strawberries ashes pot head
it's a keep you been wanting that like
all the ends and you're like yeah bug
done I'm gonna borrow it I took off my
ears and it doesn't make sense of my
ears my copier yeah human update types
we're meeting right now because it is
currently 7:30
located here an hour
watch for the color and apparently
they're like the weather may be bad so
may have to cancel you're like no it's
so not even raining or windy and then
you're like oh due to technical
difficulties in the past few times I
tried to watch the ball the color like
it did not happen so I said it maybe if
we sing it'll come to life ready world
it's a imagination yes I'm so happy like
I got it'll work early and what some of
your favorite Disney rides my favourite
Disney ride has to be Peter Pan oh when
you're over the stars oh hey guys what
is that update time is currently um
midnight and I just finished everything
the slog up until this point so thanks
so much for watching I hope that you
liked watching our Disney trip slash
birthday surprise kraut is another
exciting day so get excited for another
vlog and yeah I love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow
Hey oh that yeah right
