hey guys what is up so happy late Easter
I didn't vlog yesterday just because we
went to church in the morning and then
we went to Hillsong at night I did
homework and it's pretty boring oh no
wasn't a boring day but it was just not
like I feel like the vlog would have
been really boring anyway yeah happy
Easter and um yeah so as you can see I'm
kind of bumming it today yo I'm not
filming or anything today I'm gonna help
Ashley film actually so I'm excited for
that she's doing a light text video and
I think it's gonna be really good and
then I have the gym leader and then what
about his friends coming over later so I
think we're just gonna clean also I'm
uploading and like maybe like an hour or
so so that's super super exciting I
think you guys are really gonna like
this video I love it the way that it was
filmed like and you're gonna know
exactly what I mean when you see it I
don't know I just feel like it it was
very like real and like I don't know
obviously the videos going up before
this but like when I'm reacting prep to
the product it's like my like initial
reaction it feels like it felt like a
vlog like I was just like talking to you
guys it wasn't like a really to produced
video I just like my real reaction which
I really liked so if you like videos
like that let me know if you haven't
seen it go watch it because I'm really
happy with how it turned out and um
right now I am currently I'm searching
for some products because for this
week's video it's also a different video
that I haven't done before I'm looking
for some things to buy and that's what
I've been doing but yeah let's really me
right now literally me I just drop my
computer that's good I have never done
this blocking pool before so yeah that's
what I'm doing and I'm excited hey what
are we doing life hack videos looks like
that the most yummiest life hacks video
I've ever seen I mean really uh a bunch
of guys it's been a while Peter hey I
wanted yesterday was a chocolate bunny
anyway let's do it let's do it let's see
let's see how that works and then the
milk is good
this is gonna be makeup and it even
opening so oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh you guys I can't it's
not chocolate milk
but it just little JIT actually gave me
her M good luck that anyway I'm gonna
have something here yes a public service
I know bestir candies like 50% off
everywhere right now
go-gurt and from my childhood dreams are
coming too
so filming is done it went super smooth
I'm excited for Ashley's video I think
it's gonna be good what is it going up
oh oh and she doesn't listen to me ah
she doesn't care about me going up
there's no reason why I kind of I mean
it's Monday and speaking of uploading
and I am currently uploading my do I
tested light beard yeah I've tested it
video testing weird yet what how do i
worth up testing your DIY weird DIY is
tested a couple works couple did in fine
i don't know it's yeah new video is that
new video with uh go watch it I am
loving reading all your comments right
now everyone's saying that this video is
way more personable and like extra
entertaining more than normal so means
so much so thank you guys all uh so
having me tell you guys I have been
using at my agenda and I am obsessed
with it it's just it's everything
granted I've only done like a week of it
like I'm just so excited to write so
much stuff in here like not even funny
they'll be like decorate it that with
like highlighters and stuff I just think
I don't know I don't know I wasn't oh I
been to events
yeah so I've been loving this meant to
tell you guys it's amazing it's my baby
comes with me everywhere Joe I am a
walking over to my room to do some more
laundry uh-huh I've been doing one
alright I've been doing laundry for a
little bit and then I realized I should
have blog been a while since that vlog
and I come to the conclusion that I
haven't way too many clothes way too
many clothes because I mean my dresser
is pretty small constantly having the
struggle too much clothes apparently did
laundry for the first time in a forever
have all these clothes all this stuff
and all these clothes to find a spot for
I don't know though I feel like this
video should be I have too many clothes
and I don't know what to do that figure
is like here to get ready today
Update I'm so Ashley I gonna head to the
gym we're gonna go workin out for a
little bit because I feel like I just
need it could work out right now and
then afterwards I think I'm gonna go to
Target because I really want to get some
like under my bed like storage stuff I
feel like I can put a lot of like winter
coats and stuff there because my closet
is so like so over full which is not
even funny
needs to be like but yes let's go to the
jammers and and we are back from the gym
quickly showered and gonna head to
Target to get some storage unit stuff I
don't know I'm hoping they have what I'm
looking for kind of bumming it I've been
bumming it all day I'm I'm bumming it a
lot lately
yeah that's what I'm wearing oh wait
actually
let's legit do an outfit of the day is
from Urban Outfitters shirt is a brandy
Melville pants aren't Abercrombie and
Fitch and mugs
what's your topic for Brandi this is
from Iceland word minute Becca I see you
miss you it's so cool right now can't
handle this I think this is what I want
that would be amazing because I'm good
now there yeah that works
I'm totally just kidding I think I found
something that I like better they're a
little deeper like it might work but
we're gonna find out
good morning guys I'm just letting the
never end of this vlog so there's going
to interval quick and yeah
anyways I ll see you guys tomorrow with
a new blog and um and yeah okay
