hey guys so I was up to like two or
something and then I had a good pose
I've been or something you know when you
get like no sleeping you feel nauseous
that's why I feel right now
that's okay also have my retainers in if
you're wondering that's why I'm gonna
been in currently at Friday morning I'm
ready to go to the airport while getting
ready to go to the airport currently
finishing packing everything funny thing
is this is only a three day trip like
it's such a short trip but I wanted to
bring my big suitcase because I had like
my boots take up a lot of room since I
have the room I was like well I might as
well fill it because it's gonna be
filled so it's it looks like I'm gone
for a week and I'm literally gone for
three days it's not even three days I
leave today Friday I get back to Sunday
really one day it's it's bad you never
know right
yeah we threw some stuff in here got a
jacket got skirts got my PJs toiletries
makeup hair curler hairspray over here I
have a shoe options and over here I have
shoes some casual shoes and some purses
and that's kind of everything that I'm
bringing literally three days what is my
life I made a list on my phone of things
to not forget to bring so I need to
check that feel like I'm ready but I'm
swear there's stuff that I probably
totally forgot about like dry shampoo I
don't think I packed okay no let's get
that and we are packed which I literally
only gone three days it looks like I'm
gone for a year here's my airplane
OTT it's very secret jacket after this
tank up from this gray tank top that I
swear I actually don't know unless of
someone else's I don't know it's not
mine I'm wearing a sports bra leggings
every great secret and yay Oh Elliot is
how I love / hate you I love you because
it's exciting things are happening but I
absolutely hate you because there's
always traffic and you've been under
construction for literally 10 years as
long as I can remember but yes anyway
I'm to be spot to play traveling log me
is not with me
she went to Georgia she's posted next me
so I think I have no one sitting next me
this whole fight unless it's overbooked
and then they have to give give it to
someone on standby batteries here we go
so you're on our way
my battery is going to die
hey guys oh my god we are in Texas I
haven't vlogged really at all sorry but
I'm currently here with memes in her
room and we are getting ready because
you're going to go there's like a little
mixer free thing pre-party thing I just
go for the snack let's be real anyone
else
anyways so do this is the only mirror
here so this is what you guys here's my
outfit of the day I'm wearing this
jacket from three people just top from I
forget skirt is from Abercrombie & Fitch
and I'm wearing my thigh high boots from
Nordstrom but we went in yeah you look
beautiful
hey guys good morning and welcome to at
beautycon today saturday if you did not
know currently in Dallas Texas also I'm
not sure what footage I've had up until
now but yes currently in Texas yeah
getting ready to leave out the door go
to beauty con but I wanted to show you
guys hello STD first games ever again
what a minute me would you mind holding
the camera for me I'm in bed looking
like a potato here's Alicia I love
outfit of the day so skirts is the one
that I got from baby I saw a lot of
people when I bought those two-piece
thinking like oh my gosh this is such
like an ugly dress like don't get it I
was like put the skirt so cute so I got
the skirt and I've heard it was a white
 pot which I thought was really cute
oh wait so Phoebe Phoebe and then my
shoes are dipping Campbell I felt like
an ice skater and then my necklace is
HRH world where you do a little jump can
you drop it to the splits coming Mews
house a headache and doesn't feel good
so she's gonna try come later what that
means I have to go by myself but that's
okay buddy I'll see you on my panel
Oh
there's some bombs over there we are
going to our panel coming
maybe
Hugh Johnson Maggie because I just got
your present I'm obsessed I'm gonna have
this boom chica later and I'm obsessed
and I said put it in my blog so I'm
putting in my blog
Oh
what up guys next day we are currently
up an airport and headed home luckily
though niki and gabi are the same flight
because they're coming back to LA with
all him jump and we're at Starbucks
right now I makeup on oh man oh I'm
under the same awkward
me look at us from so cute guys need a
stone haven't been in my blog well today
my makeup like Peters
Oh
Elesha is art
what
to the airport
what are you doing with our line you
look beautiful
hey guys so I went to in today's vlog
and I will see you looking
