hello guys how are you doing today is
Tuesday tasty today I'm so determined to
get enough footage in this vlog for it
to be like its own day because I swear
like the last three vlogs I've uploaded
to have been two day blog really don't
care for two day box and it's been
bugging me so I'm so sorry I apologize
it's currently like twelve maybe I have
no idea I'm currently gonna head to the
mall because I have nothing to wear or
beautycon this weekend going to Texas if
you didn't know and I need an outfit so
that's what I'm gonna do last night I
was skyping nikki and we were like
sending each other links and options
like should I wear this I read this so
I'm gonna go my mom hopefully I can find
an outfit and some shoes that's all I'm
really looking for my guess is I'm gonna
come out with everything but a dress and
shoes just kidding
I'm doing it I'm feeling feeling good I
think I'm gonna find something also
uploaded yesterday's vlog so go watch it
go watch it
hi babes hi babes okay so I'm ready to
go wish me luck e eyes hope they can
find something also let me know if you
guys are going to beautycon Texas this
weekend cuz I would love to meet you
gonna be there I have a panel and a
meet-up but yes bye ash bye guys shift
clamp I'm going to bump
okay so discuss the mom guys hoping I
can find something it's hard to vlog
when you're at a mall by yourself let me
tell you like it's really hard and I
have a headache I think it's like a
caffeine headache because I haven't I
didn't have coffee yesterday and I
haven't had coffee today I think we're
gonna get some green tea or something
sounds good trying to cut back a little
bit on the star I was having it a lot
do you like it I think it's cute I think
you think you can't wait to write like a
different top or different bottom with
it like mix-match but I kinda like how
it goes together got some ice cream okay
iPad look I got a dress which is awesome
now I'm convinced shoot things gonna
look at me hmm
baby but I don't know how many things I
never find me big night my different
dress and I got some stuff very secret
and here
the lady Jim hasn't liked that's cute
okay so hm of the panel do they have
been to so many sores in his mom I mean
I got like I got a lot of stuff out
something find shoes that you're finding
today shoes yet really really
my comeback starts at those shoes I was
really wanting this grandma but I really
wanted like really wanted like bright
colored shoes okay so I'm back in my car
back from the mall walls my back I'm a
tamari now but yeah so I got something
conceal this yeah I saw my bags I accept
the fact that I shopped you actually I
already accept that you don't even need
to comment it I feel like every vlog I'm
shopping oh my gosh I found the cutest
towels ever Ashley and I honestly have
been wanting like circle beach house for
the longest time and like I've seen them
a while and Ashley like recently
mentioned that she really wanted some
but going on and they had some so I got
each of us one because I'm just I was
really excited I thought I was like
really cute for videos too and just like
have like it's like a circle towel it's
so cute that's like fringe at the end I
just adore well show you guys how some
into Victoria's Secret and I got two
hoodies and sports bra I did find a
dress that I think I'm gonna wear a
beautycon but I also got a crop top from
there so I'm not sure I don't know I
come on gumball so we'll see maybe I can
work with it didn't get any shoes if
that's the only thing so I think I'm
gonna go home and like try out whole
different outfits see what I like the
most and then I do I have I mean I have
shoes at home I was just really wanting
like a bright fun pair of shoes and
obviously it was so specific that many
places has anything remotely close to it
and then go home see if I have any shoes
that I like with it and then if not I'm
gonna like overnight some from somewhere
green tea is almost on oh my gosh I got
the cutest backpack I'm gonna show you
guys when I get home it's adorable oh my
gosh Oh feels so good to be back home
can yo you happy are you happy I'm home
oh okay so I think I'm gonna get a snack
because I'm really hungry and then we
can start trying on some stuff I'll show
you guys what I bought
and yeah I do that a lot okay so let's
see what we got first let's start with
Victoria's Secret this is mine it was
just in my car so okay so I got to
huttese this one's like yellow and it's
a zipper one or the bolsa first just
gonna cuz pin with a floral pattern on
it so I got that and then I got a blue
one
um and I really like it it's just
they're both really thin I think they're
perfect for right now just got rid of
some old hoodies because I like
worn them out and so we got two new
lines then I got this sports bra because
I thought it was adorable and I live for
these sports bras like I wear them all
the time so that's everything I thought
I got from that Victoria's Secret just
good I can take you guys on my headboard
and now I have like a little tripod oh
my gosh my battery died like hardcore
and I was literally in the process of
like changing and trying to figure out
an app and stuff literally like an hour
something later I already tried on
everything I'm sorry about that but good
news I am pretty sure I know what I'm
wearing
beautycon and it you know I can't work
out like maybe I want it to be surprised
at you guys so you won't know exactly
where well it's really over night hit
some shoes to come because I could not
find any shoes that I had that went with
it
the only thing is I have two outfits
that I really really really really like
and I'd have no idea which one I'm
actually gonna wear on Saturday I feel
like I'll wear one Friday and then I'll
wear the other one Saturday depending
which one I like better but I like both
a lot but yeah so anyways I'm gonna show
you guys the thing that was really fun
to show you my better guide stick it to
show you my room is actually a mess
we're trying everything on oh my gosh
okay
went to Nordstrom because I was looking
for shoes and right across with a
handbag I was like shouldn't go over
there but I went anyways and I didn't
get a person but I did find this in the
sale section it was literally 50% off
and I was mind blown oh my gosh I'm I'm
obsessed I'm obsessed you guys know I
have a backpack of attention I know it's
real I know it's bad it's really bad
it's bad but I got this one it's from I
think it's Marc Jacobs yeah Marc by Marc
Jacobs and it's just this light pink
backpack I'm so obsessed with it I love
it and it was literally 50% off like it
was half off has also some silver
detailing on it like right here and on
the little tackle things whatever how to
do this no but yeah that's basically
everything that I got and now you guys
are totally totally totally going to
laugh at me right now but Ashley just
got home and her and Taryn have an award
show thing on Sunday and they want to go
to the mall because they don't have
anything to wear I'm not going to buy
anything but I figured I'd just go with
them to hang out so I headed back to the
ball which is fun feel like I should
change in case I say some of the same
workers that it's not earlier take the
times like girl you're still
here and we have an outfit change so top
it's room for you people brought let's
it's just like a white bra let and
wearing these white shorts from Urban
Outfitters and then to tie around my
waist I have this flannel that I forget
where I got it from I want to say Orban
I think want to wear my Birkenstocks
because cozy oh and we're gonna spray
stuff heard you Monsieur Mia got me this
for a birthday to two years ago it's
been crazy
oh my gosh it's only like halfway gone I
had this thing when it comes to like
nice things I tried to save them so I
don't wear them but it's a problem
because you won't wear them and get your
use out of them for instance I've had
this for two years but I try to like not
wear it to save it but in reality it's
just gonna go bad you know I mean like
you should use it and we are back with
these two but I'm literally just here
like different there were some long cool
different scripts in here oh my gosh I
love this
thank you any less
No
back at the babe please when you get
everyone pull my phone
meant to be because it was already here
today I came water hydrates I pass
doesn't say anything to have this down
name yet but terra cotta skirt looks
good I feel like I'm a personal stylist
today I'm like no don't get enough yet
you need them so currently in forever 21
I'm with Tara I'll beam you can find an
outfit try to find it we will find one
oh yeah
teryn with a voice with the voice and
awkward situations ever thought was
Ashley
on a mission
on a mission oh my gosh this is so cute
it's like super sequiny though I've
loved this shirt so cute did we find
anything
