good morning the Sun happens to come out
the second I blocked news and shall we
good morning guys how are you
it is great actually it was like what 11
well it never minds good afternoon
apparently 12 today is Monday and
whatever our plans no it's time to go
back home
cuz I want to be traffic mmm I really
don't feel like getting ready today
play yesterday's vlog this morning and I
think it's really funny I should go
watch it because it definitely gives it
behind the scenes of this week's video
I'm so excited for this week's video
like I I'm just really excited I think
you guys are gonna love it I have done a
video like it before you guys will
totally understand why I like I'm just
so excited yeah so we got a spinach feta
wrap protein box and we got the usual
bay
we got bay Haines everybody's feeling my
name right it's okay it's still just as
good what you get Nikki was always very
the bisque is refresher with extra
berries anyways as you can tell you're
kind of having an editing date and wait
for it I didn't do this at Starbucks Oh
God yeah so um it's a little later and I
actually drove back home in Gabi are
collabing later today I thought it was a
good time to come back home cuz I have
like a no clothes I need to like repack
and stuff put on I look kind of ratchet
can't decide if I'm gonna get ready
today you know and you're like do I even
want to put makeup on to kind of me
right now honey then the other part of
me is like it's already two forces
almost three like today's basically over
miss her so much especially seeing Ken
all the time she seems so small now oh
yeah we missed you
so I came home to so many packages I
believe this one is mine and this one is
mine okay lie some of these I know this
it is I don't know what this one is
let's figure it oh this one I have been
meeting a new planner for the longest
time and I finally got we all got this
oh these stickers cute packaging is so
cute I got an Erin Condren planner okay
so this is the one I got it's the gold
metallic one and then I got the
turquoise color and I don't know if you
can see those Elmo if you can see this
but I got my initials am right there so
excited I'm just a smaller than I
thought I was gonna be I thought it was
gonna be a lot bigger I feel like I'm
like actually gonna be even more
productive with this which makes me so
excited much as I wish I could use at my
google calendars and stuff I just
physically have to write stuff down of
having an actual agenda or planner it
helps me so much and I'm not sure once
this is a huge clock this is actually
going to fit perfectly in the kitchen
because the whole like pop color pastel
thing we got going on for me this clock
is literally the size of it it's like
bigger than my face you see this is huge
okay do you like your so other than
there I don't really know where it could
go because it's so big like it
definitely would not fit up there feel
like it either goes over there or it can
like be propped up on the little shelf
because we have those that shelf up
there yeah I'm excited like literally
this is my hand you see how businesses
it's so huge
currently snacking on at a moment can
you see me oh no my hair don't mind my
hair oh man so I walk into my room and I
find another package I guess it came
when I was gone so Ashley put it in here
and I figured this is just gonna be a
haul because this is a hit vlog of
unboxing so we're basically doing more
to the hall I'm a huge box from Sigma
emailed me saying that they wanted to
send me some stuff I did not expect to
see as this much stuff oh my gosh oh my
gosh their packaging is so cute I was
like I'm so far from you guys can't I
see oh my gosh they're so cute
three of their makeup brushes you have
confer won a crease one and a lid one oh
my gosh my brushes shut up so we have
more makeup brushes I'm not gonna go
through every single one because that
would take forever but these are all
basically that contour ones but we have
a palette warm neutrals
dude those are so pretty powers oh that
is a blush color those donuts I am NOT I
use that for this is such a gorgeous
blush color oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
there's no I didn't see if they put in a
spa glob I have one in wooden piece or
years hate watching my makeup brushes
but now I feel like I'm going to love
washing my makeup brushes this is the
brush dry and shaped our I don't know
how to put it together oh yeah yeah we
got this
yes thank you Sigma I am except for
lights now like literally I don't know
it's a new middle hope it oh my gosh the
magnet
Oh
what up guys so I haven't worked all day
and I realized you think again look
absolutely great news maybe I got a
chance this morning and if you have had
one before
basically orange until you shower today
because then you know normally I don't
we wanted to see like cap sleeve crop
t-shirts a shorter have brandy melville
bands are white guy top stair Ashley's I
stole the man's jacket is Nikki's risk
um okay
yo that's my top of the day you can kind
of see the tan a little better it's not
an eye I put it at this picture bit on
Instagram so you guys should go check it
out go like it and follow me on
instagram if you guys come in yet
yeah Gabby of the day Ezra target she's
yeah yeah I'm liking it I'm liking it so
we are in Topshop looking well I'm
trying not to shop but it's kind of hard
there's some really cute stuff here
yeah we out whenever they go from
I get to to a really weird place because
I feel like it's hard to find you that's
it right I got you my shirt is from
brandy melville jacket
I'm diggin it what I love these I was
like an alien oh my god I should I get
these
in Sephora
we're currently impressed and like no
one's here I love it oh wait it's like
Wednesday all right is it Wednesday
knows Tuesday her hair is gold do you
see that wait I always like the red
velvet so we're back those you can never
talk back at the apartment now turned to
my battery a little bit
and this evolved really quick I tried
editing this whole blog and I'm so tired
so I'm gonna go to bed I'm like
exhausted so I'm going to edit it in the
morning
yes it should be up series new offices
of you're watching it whatever I'm
rambling something and I'll see you next
time
