good morning world today's really busy
uh-huh so it is currently 8:45 a.m. we
have so so much to do it's not even
funny
I feel like this is me every single trip
that I go on but this one's a little
different cuz we're gonna be gone a long
time and it's international so it's a
little more like a little more stressful
I think tonight maybe later in this vlog
we can announcer we're going because I
think tonight we're gonna go to me as if
not stood tomorrow for sure you guys
will know where we are going hey babe
currently rocking my girls night in a
sweatshirt and Ashley I'm gonna have to
target because we have some things that
we need for also I changed my phone case
I remember I got this in on Black Friday
not gonna lie I totally forgot that I
had it and I found it I'm like yo that's
so sorry Tracy good this squad like
squats what if guys gonna target and I'm
going on everything that I needed we got
some like travel stuff and I need
tampons got the good yeah dad dad dad
dude oh my gosh that's such a cute neck
the positive so I'm looking for a wallet
because I really want like a small one
target selection it's like not really
happening well once they have like
really big or like the hard it's kind
like this I really just wanted something
small this what I found I do like it but
it's not exactly what I was looking for
but it's better than what I've been
saying so
see see which means scratch like
definitely this one we're good
gonna get this are we good is anything
else we need
got some stuff do you guys notice that i
changed my nails no they are not like
crazy different but this is a big set
for me instead of getting like the
pointed kind i got it squared at the
tips and oh my gosh it's so different
for me it's so different for me snaps
evident yesterday so if you're not
follow me on snapchat bohmian bitch
pointing at you bring you
oh we were gone like 20 minutes and we
got some stuff and targets yes maybe
I'll do a little haul later Oh such a
beautiful sound like literally such a
good film McMahon hair is done which is
exciting although I totally like was
gonna prom false lashes today and I'm
out of false lashes so um that's a
bummer this lighting is weirdly good
right now and I don't know why cuz
normally in my bathroom it's like sake
lighting I just need to hair to be my
hair and then we can get filming oh oh
no oh I'll give you guys a little hint
of where we're going ready okay so
everything is Lily divided into two
parts two parts I have the very cold
weather clothes over here aka jackets
and beanies and gloves and long sleeves
and then over here we have like bikinis
and shorts and all that fun stuff
and obviously you guys know we are going
to two countries that's a little hint
for you guys one is very warm right now
and one is also really cold right now
I'm probably gonna get really really
sick honestly from like the weather
changes in this stuff my skin is gonna
be like breaking out like crazy so if
any of you travel a lot and have a lot
of tips when you're like changing
climates like quick let me know if
there's any like ritual type DIY type
things that you should just like do or
know or something like that welcomes you
know their behind the scenes of this
video you should have this video of my
next not in my next video for another
video what am i hot looks like I have a
huge wall of blue and in reality it's
just like
well don't look so professional is my
huge studio with a blue wall and lights
flickering in yeah and in reality
thumbtack to the wall with my very
lifelike awkwardly strung on them do
what you got to do it works right I'm
all right okay let's do it
what's up my name is Alicia Marie and if
you aren't already be sure to hit that
subscribe button because your mind is
about to be blown with some life hacks I
think that was good so I'm just here to
let me good job soken fees I found on
Pinterest and some of them I just done
for a while so I figured I would share
my miss so I figured I would share my
life hacks with you guys okay so today
it's gone actually a lot smoother than I
was hoping it would like it's gone my
really I don't - chill you would be so
proud of me I literally found an entire
video today why can't that be the case
every single time when I thumb
what I'm under pressure I do a million
times better and I hate it
but I like it because I get add-ons' but
I hate it because usually it takes me
being under pressure to actually get
something done not all the time but most
the time anyways I am hockey I am
packing unpacking and packing unpacking
effective these like they're kind of not
cute no there we go much better I am
sitting here and I am packing up my
suitcase I'm gonna be gone for two weeks
that is so crazy I just haven't really
been vlogging lately I've been so busy
with others so much stuff I don't know
why and there were a few days where I
tried to vlog and I got like two clips
now she's like gay - sorry about that I
know like on vlogmas i was on a roll and
it was good and then just after vlogging
this i like died basically but today i
was making sure that all of the hotel
bookings and flight confirmations and
everything was good I just booked a
shuttle service from the airport to the
hotel yeah oh my gosh and then Ashley
Tiffany and I all right Ashley Tiffany
Mia and I have all been be like group
chatting today and we're just like
getting so excited I guess hitting me
guys it was so sad my parents came over
to pick up Chloe I missed her like I
probably could cry if I let myself think
about the fact I don't see her for so
long this is weird she's literally like
my baby like I love her so much like I
was supposed to have to say goodbye
she's gonna have someone friend at my
parents house like she's just gonna play
with Toby and Zeo the entire time so she
gets spoiled there oh my makeup would
help so I got all my makeup packed into
it this little bag normally I have two
bags I have this plus one for my brushes
but I was able to get it all in there
come on boot why is it all blue actually
we could put that up there up daytime so
I took shower as you can probably tell
do sure the plan is the same Nia is
supposed to pick us up and bring it
bring us to her apartment but we have a
while I told her like no rush and I'm
pretty much done which is crazy um I
think I am going to edit a little bit
just because like why not and we are
oops
officially passed oh man
take off okay so I got my suitcase
packed I have my carry-on packed and
have my backpack packs
yes Samia is on her way here she's gonna
come pick us up and here we go I will
say it was the lighting Oh No it's
currently 239 am Mia hasn't even started
packing me it's okay that's you that's
how you do yeah I just made my thumbnail
for this vlog so I figured I should end
it so I could say goodbye and I can
upload it anyways i fun to end this vlog
out of here so deserve so much and look
out for tomorrow's vlog will be
announced where work out school and that
should be the thing okay bye
