okay guys so this is next morning and
I'm not even kidding I had to wait for
the daytime to do this room tour because
oh oh my god oh my god oh my god what is
that where'd that come from okay no okay
Mia please be careful ready are you guys
ready for like B craziest forever
okay so when you first come up here guys
this is the freaking living room
literally so crazy this is massive I
think there's a bajillion pillows over
there there's like this like bar area
right here a table where we eat
breakfast bad you're number one and it's
like so freaking cute
remember this bathroom shower closet
like that yo you keep trying to get out
and Ashley camera crew also this view is
amazing but it gets even better we got
to do it right we got to do it right one
two three
guys this view though oh my god there's
our own private pool you know we just
have a casual private pool so crazy
he's like beds are amazing so freaking
hump we're actually checking out of this
room tonight so really sad last night I
totally like ran into this thing and my
leg is all like scraped up now but
anyways oh my god it actually feels like
we're in Greece we were in our bathing
suits like hanging over that wall just
like looking at mica no it was so
beautiful don't die don't die don't die
don't die don't die and the view of the
neva
only not that even though I can't talk
this whole situation with the pool and
everything that's not even the best part
well it is the best part I lied I liked
it the best you got to see those guys
there's a bathroom over here going into
the first bedroom Oh
oh my gosh this is for John Ryan I
slapped you guys have to see this map
room though oh my god I'm actually
really sad I didn't take a bath in here
wait yeah okay currently in this freakin
bathtub thing yeah anyways okay moving
on more bathrooms and then our bedroom
had our very own patio with a freaking
jacuzzi and you know we went in that
it's like this is connected they don't
really hi Gemma hello so cute so cute so
cute
so this bedroom and then you come down
here to this freakin amazing staircase
ready oh my gosh I'm sorry but this is
crazy house we'll just cage thing here
the last bedroom is where Mia and Remi
slept it's obvious like shower or
bathroom all that stuff this Way's choke
you honestly Loki there's a bed another
TV a sitting area and then they also
have their own patio deck which I did
not go out here which I feel like I
should
or maybe oh just kidding you know what
we're just snack did you do
that was our room tour I think it's safe
to say everyone freaking loved it really
hot right now I'm not gonna squat up man
that's huge Chattanooga boot a goob
mikonos for having us seriously we had
so much fun kind of foggy let me clean
this okay
update time I think it's like I think
it's like 10 I think it's like 9
something Remy what a sheep
Remy food is here all morning you've lit
have been like I'm so I know just
ordered some breakfast oh my god this
looks really good you're doing great
sweetie give it to me yes yes yes butt
out yeah yeah grab the grab the pants
yep that's it that's it guys can we talk
about that freaking yeah oh my god oh my
god oh my god it's kind of cold I'm not
gonna let my god I'm not gonna lie I'm
doing this such a hard way right now
this may not be my smartest decision to
swim he's no champion oh my god this is
amazing
this is so beautiful but do you see
Lydia's having a photo shoot over here
so basically we've just been chilling
out here Oh morning literally like woke
up so early
we've just been chilling here we really
do not want to leave this room also I
got this new bathing suit and I'm
obsessed with it I think it's so freakin
cute and I love it I love how we haven't
even been here 24 hours and this is what
this looks like it's so bad oh my god oh
my god I'm dead huh roaming hey what up
you guys it is our first real day here
basically we got in really late last
night so we came and it was dark we
weren't able to see the hotel and now we
can kind of see everything it is so
pretty
we're currently gonna go get some food
and gets a little lunch also means means
braided my hair and it look good public
so we just sat down for lunch this is
literally our view I think I'm gonna get
we got some food I got some salmon
sashimi some prawns and some potato
puree basically mashed potatoes this is
a literal best salmon I've ever had in
my entire life I'm not kidding yeah so
we're actually just moving rooms tonight
so we're actually all packed up and
we're gonna move to a new room that's
what's going on the rest of today update
time we just got to our new room it's
actually so cute obviously the other one
was like a friggin Beyonce status but
this one is I'm a very beautiful as well
and we still have our own pool which is
so nice I'm still just shook by
everything right now I can't go that's
real real cold that's real cold oh my
god this is reason whoo JK it's to
Kluber not doing that
