good morning guy and make a Christmas oh
my god it's December 25th bucks 325 the
last day of augment this is so sad so so
that's what time you're gonna see that
intro let's take a moment anyways Ashlyn
I are currently asked our parents house
a little little different than our
apartment little bugger Bob Iger and we
are currently making some breakfast you
like a chef too today yes made some
pancakes obviously I'm not that good of
a chef because they're just like a co-op
there but shout out to you guys who
remember my healthy breakfast video from
forever ago if you remember be banana
oak can cakes
forever my favorite pancakes are so good
they're in that video and I made them
today
and Ashley's birthday happy birthday
thanks guys sit sit sit good boy good
boy Whitsett Freddie they okay lay down
good boy this is Theodore everyone most
of you know him some of you know him and
we got Chloe bring you hope you're
having a birthday breakfast boom in fact
I love pink oh my gosh yeah this looks
so good banana pancakes with some
berries and sausage egg whites and bacon
oh and then you put the honey on we're
gonna eat and I'll talk to you guys
later
good morning
no he just been chillin we were watching
The Grinch drinking some coffee cuddled
up on the couch on and I was tugging
with toby zeo and chloe all three dogs i
was in heaven
okay open my present your the cards on
top push yourself to go for your dreams
given young guess you'll ever be today I
know neither box your uncarrier open it
down you get a pick where you want your
ticket to take you oh we can go on trip
it's gonna be so fun you're welcome I
love it thank you
um right for your breath get to save
that piece over you Becca happy birthday
we love you
and it's currently 6:40 we we totally
surprise Ashley one of her presents was
to go see frozen ah nice one we love
frozen to you
I love I used to be an ice skater for
like a month
but really I'm literally in sweat like I
kind of look cute but you know
hey guys so sorry I haven't blogged in
Hong time the show was really cute it
was really good we had fun I didn't vlog
any of it but I did post I think one or
two things about my snapchats good chest
you can see that but better you
splashing oh my gosh I feel really bad I
thought this is the last day of vlogmas
and it's kind of short I'm just I feel
like when I'm at my parents house I like
to forget to walk does that make sense I
don't know I'm just like out of my
normal rhythm and stuff but I thought
today I feel like this blog that's have
been so amazing it I don't know I feel
like I really grow through it and not
through it but like with it I appreciate
my blog channel so much more and my mom
viewers so much more I feel like I don't
know like I love you guys one thing and
this channel specifically has grown it
so so much in the past year it's so
crazy it's just mind-blowing to me and
it's like crazy to think that that many
people would care to watch my channel
like not even my channel like my daily
life oh my gosh
have any of you have been subscribed to
me on my main channel since the paint
room for the night one more night
because you're way too tired to drive
back home tonight they got kind of late
and I'm in my old room and it's so weird
and I miss it oh we stuck in my old
paper
so yeah anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow most likely with a new vlog and
I I'm gonna miss you thank you so much
for an amazing vlogmas and I'll see you
guys real soon okay
