morning guys what up is the 1231
December 21st which means it is Boston
State 21 cause there are a lot of people
wondering but like if I'm behind on
vlogmas our family back there my family
our family to me I'm still on track I
know like I'm richer originally like the
original vlogmas i think anger the anger
come up and came up said it was you blog
when Danny upload the next day so that's
why everyone's like wait you're behind
today and I'm like no I'm pretty proud
of myself and I'm strong you know wanna
really strong and we're almost done
baggage is almost over fucking towel but
I got back from the gym it not too long
ago
hi today is a very different exciting
day a lot different it's an exciting fun
because it's different we agreed to make
a video for our church Chris churches
Christmas service they have to make like
a cute little bunny video
you're like sure let's do like an
expectations reality video and this
morning I was like Alicia why didn't I
like plan frat just go on my channel
like and like what Ashley brought me
thank you thank you thank thank you
thank you
mmm what we making for lunch chicken we
got some asparagus we got some carrots
but like the purple carrot good the gold
regular orange carrot hey don't
discriminate against the orange carrots
you guys guess you got a package
oh you sure did so you're gonna open it
for a while now oh it's a pleasure
you know we're gonna do a different
approach like really cute cute cute
thing okay waiting a couple days I had a
screw back moment when we first moved
here I was like constantly building like
bookshelves and furniture and stuff this
is a current situation we are building
the stand for the plan Turk I just don't
get how this is supposed to really work
but it says one goes there and you know
there's nothing what up so um yes this
is what I'm wearing it's very comfy
we have to go film some things for this
video should be fun if I get it done
I'll show you guys maybe I'll upload it
to my vlog channel we're doing like a
winter expert we're doing like Christmas
expectation versus reality yeah I like
hardly got ready at all so that's why
I'm wearing a beanie and
I just like threw some makeup on this
thing is so comfy I love it
how'd it go how'd it go can we show them
that left foot
hey guys so I am so sorry I've been the
most failure of a failure blogger today
so we filmed most of the video that we
were filming um I told him I might put
on my blog channel if it's like funny if
it's not funny it won't be or it'll go
on after Channel I feel like I don't
think she'd go on someone's channel like
you know it should be cute so we are
having a very cozy night as you can see
we have the player on the fireplace we
got the char free we got the beanie
we've got the Aggies fun fact growing up
my dad never wanted to use the fireplace
for whatever reason he just like didn't
want to use it we always had so like TV
kind on I'm like Christmas they had a
like on one of the TV stations still
like I remember when everyone first
started talking about it and YouTube
videos like Oh put a fireplace on I was
like Ogier right here like we did that
all the time growing up like all the
time like not even kidding
Joey when it crackles it's like all cozy
okay anyways I'm so sorry it's later
it's like five five Oh Jenna no good
news a video went up duh
there it is you guys should see the
thumbnail cuz I'm actually really really
proud of it I like it a lot so one of my
favorite videos ever loved this video
it's one of my favorite one BAM okay
there's the thumbnail it is new year's
video it's like um resolutions
organization tips and then it's also
announcing that I'm blonde so that's why
I'm like making a shocked face in the
thumbnail I think I've officially
decided I'm going to start doing these
little guys for the text I always did
the bubbles as you guys know like my
little like signature bubbles but I
think it's time for a little change I'm
still about change right now
I've almost been doing the bubbles for
like a year now - he was in March or
something when I started doing that
chillin here in my room clean it up a
little bit it was part of my see also it
might be meeting up with one of my
friends tonight so yeah I'm excited to
see her I think we're gonna go to the
Anaheim packing district slowly turn and
ash can come and then we have one more
scene to film tonight for the church
video that we're making I think we're
gonna go to Target to film that guys
what else is new I don't know I'm so sad
that vlogmas is almost over so I really
really want to keep vlogging I think
what I'm gonna do
was after Christmas maybe take a day or
two break from vlogging just because
I've been doing it every single day I
don't know and then I don't know but
maybe maybe not I don't know I've been
loving it I really am loving it one of
my resolutions before this year is
actually to start focusing more on my
vlog Channel I like my goal is hopefully
for it to hit a million and by the end
of next year I think that'd be amazing
just the fact that my second channel I
don't know what got that's amazing to me
so if you want to share my vlog channel
with your friend hey really chilling
here do that pop boom Chico's still over
there okay look you want a bag oh you
guys watching the Miss Universe thing oh
my gosh
eatin babies you could pop from my
never-ending supply of food chicken pox
that I have now if you saw that vlog and
you know what I'm talking about
comment and boom in the comments right a
halftime I think I'm going to start
rapping come Christmas present okay so
we gotta get some of our Christmas
wrapping wrapping this gotta get o big
bow just kidding we are not wrapping
presents because I think we need to buy
my wrapping paper and stuff hi so we're
watching some Big Bang Theory and my pop
credits gun maybe okay so you're headed
to and I'm packing district let's go and
cameras yeah have I shown you I feel
like I'm always like creeping in the
shadow hey guys
yeah we're here yeah a little-little
cold although most of us would be like
this is warm parents were so cute in
here you can talk Jeng everybody
everybody can yep
Taryn what if I got you this for
Christmas I would love it and I would
cherish it and have puzzle the puzzle
target what is this Valentine's Day it's
not even Christmas
furbacca we return it and we were
filming a scene for this video I made in
Barron's yes outfit goals
yo outfit goals goals Mangold director
Ashley over here that's right you're
shopping and then she comes in Frank
Gianna having a casual dance party in
the aisle by myself
um I think this is adorable
hey I have that it's in my pockets intro
yes I swear that it was like that we put
how that's so creepy
you guys legit my name is on this like
thermostat thing um hello I don't know I
don't know what a Terran can you can
explain what's going on here
so we walked up there's like thermostats
that are like all electronic and then
Thomas was like hey isn't that your name
and the thermostat says Alicia Marie
like I'm scared like someone knew it was
gonna be here
that's so weird and Thomas promises that
it was like that when he thought I don't
like is that weird yes I can't think
about anymore cuz it's really freaking
me out
I don't know I don't the kids you don't
make eye contact with anyone and it's
good that's how you walk in public hey
guys so we're back now I'm really really
tired
I'm gonna get ready for bed I showed
under this one tonight if I don't then
I'm gonna add it in the morning I hope
that you liked today's vlog and oh my
gosh this is oh look over I still can't
get over that it's too crazy anyways I
love you guys so so so much now I will
see you in my next vlog yeah okay bye
