morning guys and welcome to vlogmas day
17 also known as December 17th so it's
currently 10 11 a.m. I am editing
yesterday's vlog I just sat down to
start editing it I've noticed I've been
slacking a little bit
normally my vlog would already be up by
now but I've been waking up later lately
and you get better I need to start
waking up earlier I'm really right in
that right now question what were you
doing at 10:00 11:00 a.m. today but
it'll be yesterday when you see this I'm
so curious a comment below
are you like in school are you doing the
final are you just chilling at home are
you working are you like let me know and
then we can all be like hey I was doing
that well you were doing that that me no
sense but it kind of does anyways I'm
gonna start editing this and yeah okay
so the video is exporting which means
saving if you're not familiar with that
means I look saving the final thing stop
the thumbnails do but I figured I was
gonna get a color break I should working
on a project I'm editing we're just
having to chill chill chill chill
morning you like my song I couldn't find
my cute ones
don't even match Oh a little water she's
still at my parents house she should be
coming over tomorrow though so that's
that's exciting but yes let's do this
have enough coffee yet
we'll do the women good un
yeah Oh add water that's the worst thing
ever take two comma creamer take a
creamer that is beautiful it looks and
sounds beautiful
yeah oh my gosh yeah okay this is so
full it's like so full always cold no
cream back in the fridge currently
wearing a bra let as well as this huge
like oversized oversized resting and my
not matching fuzzy socks I'm out today
what so the blog is up it went up not
too long ago so be sure to check a
little I've been replying to comments
because I told you guys I'm gonna try to
reply to comments a little more CN yeah
I should get ready because I really want
to film it's 1144 a little later in the
day oh my gosh
Oh ash I realized why I haven't been
getting up early Chloe's not here I'm
always paranoid that Chloe's gonna pee
on the carpet she has a little bladder
and just be asleep for like eight hours
I don't kind of like I just I don't want
her peeing on the carpet especially cuz
it's new it's a new apartment so
normally I wake up at like 7:30 every
morning to take her out it's like
routine and I realize like wait she's
not here and that's why I haven't been
meeting to like get up super early
because I don't I just stay up after
that I don't like go back to bed but
Ashley actually has to go back to my
parents house tomorrow so she's probably
gonna pick her up and bring her back I
got a lot of work to do today
I should do some work oh my gosh she
wise so I realize that Christmas is like
next week I haven't done any Christmas
shopping whatsoever so today Ashley's
really really busy so I was thinking
maybe I can do some Christmas shopping
today and I realized like even if I
order things I don't even know it's
gonna come in time I mean unless I pick
like overnight shipping like yes it'll
come
because I know I think it would be like
my last last day I could spice himself I
also need a good present for me I'm
gonna make sure I see her before
Christmas I haven't seen her at all me
me I miss you can you come over or can I
come over because I miss you really bad
and I haven't seen you and it's weird
having vogs miss without you because
every year we are in each other's blog
miss like every day so this is me right
now it's really cold so I put on my
sweatpants and I have this blanket but I
want to do my makeup here again cuz it
was like really just like chilly
yesterday doing my makeup here like
sitting dumb in front of the mirror that
I have this towel because I don't want
to get any makeup on the carpet and I
just look like a hobo basically anyways
I'm about to do my makeup and watch some
vlogs but I do my makeup so my makeup is
done and my hair is still kind of curled
from yesterday so I'm gonna try my
hardest to just like let it stay you
know dude it looks decent whatever I'm
gonna have lunch
yummy
yay thanks Tammy she's on her break so
she came over
mmm whoo up daytime and it's currently
1:35 p.m. lunch was really good and yeah
I'm just trying to do some filming I
also have a final to do some time
between now and Sunday so I'm trying to
figure out if I should do that today
or I'm going to do that later I'm still
forever not over the fact that my room
has good look
I'm just chilling here this is oh no I
don't win the mess I still want to
really like decorate my desk really nice
I don't know what I want to do but I
want to get like I don't know maybe some
like artwork or something up here like a
collage maybe you have like I don't know
yeah I'd like it's just it's not like
cluttered cluttered it's just I want it
to be like yes my desk yeah a little bit
more to film so I think I'm gonna do
that now and then head to the mall I
don't know I don't know what to get my
family I don't know what to come up
friends I don't know anything okay so
here's my OOTD for the mall I'm just
wearing up my hat from urban jacket from
urban shirt from brandy pants from
American Eagle shoes our Nike Roshi's
and I look kinda matchy-matchy a little
matchy-matchy but I don't care I'm just
like comfy like I don't care yeah I have
to exchange this shirt because they left
the students are on it as you can tell
and I have a few things to return
target so ya gonna do some Christmas
shopping hopefully I find something more
like praying I find something because I
have no idea what I'm even going for I
know what's gonna happen I'm gonna go
and only like find stuff that I want
every single time I'm like going
Christmas shopping
oh it's fine stuff I'm like wait but I
really want that just kidding I switched
into workout pants because I mean like
way better it looked from be okay so I
just went to Target to return it to
things I figured it why would I log that
because I just like returning himself
it in the feeling we wanna leave this
table you know they don't seat you
so sorry I didn't get too much footage
when I was logging I'm out and about
stop the hiccups from like five hours
ago not cute so I figured instead I can
show you guys a mini haul of what I got
shopping yes this was supposed to be all
Christmas shopping and it was only like
50% Christmas shopping but I did get a
few things for Ashley for Christmas in
her birthday so I'm really excited about
that obviously I'm not going to show you
guys that because I don't want the
chance of her finding out so you're
gonna have to wait for her what I got
for Christmas video to see what I got
her for Christmas but anyways I actually
got some really good deals from
Nordstrom you guys know I had to get off
the sensor on it this top so that's what
I did it did that and then I also saw
his top which I really really like I
love top shops shirt I feel like they
fit me really well they're really
well-made they're sick they're not just
like super super then everything else is
for the apartment Nordstrom had this
really adorable cutting board so it's
mostly marble and then this parts like
wood right here this thing is so heavy
but yeah we don't have a cutting role we
have a couple carny cutting boards but
they're like really small it was the
last one like it's a sign I need to get
this and then they also have this really
cute little book says eat more desserts
it's like a they're really cute dessert
recipe book like there is some really
good yummy looking stuff in here but
that's what it looks like if you're
wondering let me find like my favorite
before my battery dies oh my gosh
oh my gosh it's not like so good and
then I went to TJ Maxx and I got three
more books I got at Jane Austen Sense
and Sensibility I actually have it you
ever want I actually have a few other
ones in this book collection but it was
50% off at t.j.maxx normally they're $20
and it was it was $9.99 I keep having it
it was only $9.99 so it was like okay
obviously I'm getting that like I love
this so I got that and there was two of
these Kate Spade books I thought would
be really perfect for the bookshelves
over here so I got that one and then I
also got this one which is places to go
people to see yeah just like a whole
bunch of places I don't know I thought
it was really cute Chelsea I'm done I'm
done anyways I'm gonna eat and charge my
camera because it's about to die any
second and yes that is my mini haul
that's what I got and yeah
I'm done so it is a little later now
really have just been chilling here I've
been doing a little online Christmas
shopping my gosh I told you suppose I
like matched my whole like bedding right
now my shirt or jacket whatever yes I
ordered Ashlee's Christmas present and
it's gonna be here in time for Christmas
so I'm really excited about that but
helping my mom come up with some
Christmas ideas well until I've been
doing this whole time I've been thinking
like oh I should be blogging so I was
like wait I need to vlog before it gets
really like I just made a quest bar and
I can use it up in the microwave and
those are like that's like one of the
best ways to have it is heating it up
for like 10 seconds mmm here's like warm
cookie dough for me probably shouldn't
be eating it on my bed because of my new
bedding but I am so there's that
me and my clock bar anyways I'm gonna
get my quest bar watch some more vlogs
just kind of chill here I'll update you
guys have anything big happens
where are you alright hey guys so it is
now 12 28 am coming late I just finished
editing the vlog that's going up
tomorrow aka the one you're currently
watching just want to say goodbye before
I export it and stuff but yeah tomorrow
I'm actually uploading a main Channel
video with you guys Friday right yeah
okay I'm actually uploading a main
channel video so I'm excited for that so
you should be excited after you see this
look out for a another video on my
channel and a little bit I don't know my
eyes are all like watery because I'm
Sean anyways I love you guys so so so so
much I'll see you tomorrow with another
vlog and yeah
