we're good morning guys welcome to
vlogmas day 16 I'm currently editing at
yesterday's slot well actually this wall
gets edited it's currently exporting and
then I get to upload it and then all I
have left to do is some nail and yeah
I'm in a good mood today well probably
cuz I slept really good I slept like
really good really good this is kind of
weird um there we go that's better
my hair's still wet I shot last night
 with it Webb it's currently it is
currently at 9:43 you can't see it but
it's currently 943 my phone died last
night
so it's charging I literally have 62
unread emails this is just so fun
there's so many spam ones oh my gosh so
I made some coffee because coffee made
some coffee because coffee oh yes good
morning sunshine good morning to you too
just a splash maybe a little more
oh yeah
oh yeah doo-dah I believe I'd have hard
work boys where I can do that and I
finally can and that's fun although
nothing's like Mia's apartment hers is
so much better but we'll get there one
day
are you guys what it new
tell me tell me about your life in the
comments and I'm gonna watch some
YouTube videos well I get my YouTube
video up let's see we're gonna watch
Ava's blood because she just uploaded
and the boom chicka pop bag is still
chillin on the couch at our chair he's
on his knees like yeah it's up go watch
it I like actually a fun fact I took
that thumbnail picture this morning
because I didn't have a good picture for
the thumbnail so I totally just took
that right now but yeah I'm excited I'm
honestly really excited to eat this like
I didn't want to open it until I got
like some pictures of it today but yes
we're gonna open that Sam cousin cuz
yeah okay so you know how like you're in
YouTube and you click one video and then
the next thing you click another video
and you another video and then you end
up at some place or just like how did I
get here literally me right now I'm
learning French I don't know I like I
was thinking how I really wish I like
stuck with okay so in high school I took
like tuna to year two or three years of
Spanish and I was actually pretty good
at it and then it also took a year of
sign language then I've also taken a
year of sign language but I was like man
I really wish I like knew some like
European languages and stuff oh if I
could learn one what would it be and I
was like well it would be Italian or
French so then I was like I'm gonna
learn a language no clue if this is
gonna stick with it but I thought like
that could be a fun hobby of just like
trying to learn languages like obviously
I'll never master it because like you're
supposed to do it like before
adolescence of like really mastering it
whatever I don't know part of me wishes
I was like dang I wish was like
bilingual or even just like and a little
bit to see that oh yeah I know like a
few things I don't know so I'm here
learning French yeah so tell me if I'm
horribly off learning excellence right
now I'm doing good on it's a little bit
to see what she goes in the other learn
French in five days
yeah okay so I'm actually going to meet
up with Ashley because she wanted to go
to Panera and we can like plan out my
video that we're filming today and get
some food I haven't had breakfast yet so
that's really good and yes she should be
here any second to pick me up
that's where we going this is my
wonderful OCD do you want to do it let's
do as you do oh okay first of all this
is like a long-sleeve shirt I got from
Brandi I got in Palm Springs if you
remember that blog and then this and
then this is like huge over the sides
like cardigan that type very comfy thing
is from Urban Outfitters I caught it
when I was on tour and I wore every
single day then and I'm wearing it every
single day now it's really funky and
then I'm just wearing these like black
sweatpants from Abercrombie & Fitch and
they're like my favorite sweatpants
they're like the jogger style but they
don't wrinkle I hate when that material
is like wrinkly I like absolutely don't
like I will not buy something if it's
like wrinkly material on my hair okay so
anyways I love these they're like kind
of baggy and then they get tied ankles
and then a buggy's because yeah that's
what I'm wearing it's like it's pretty
cold here oh my gosh especially from
coming back from Hawaii where it was
like 82 every single day and it was
really hot coming back here and it's
cold is like weird but I would rather it
be cool because when Christmas is in the
winter for us like it's just you know
like you want to feel like cozy and
whatnot anyways it lets go I think
Ashley's already here um but yeah we're
at Panera hey how's your final
yes I'm talking about yeah okay so I
gots my usual salad the Mediterranean at
quinoa and chicken and Kumamoto and then
I'm trying the on squash soup ash that
it's good I'm really wanted soup today
and get it back in it
Oh ask for it and then I got a French
the begnettes can use in butter do they
like to try this you look hot
in sweet but I like they could go into
the page
you know do you see the Starbucks worker
Mad Dog your pair coffee I had already
bought in Panera coffee while we were at
Panera then we decided to go to
Starbucks
another coffee she was like can I help
you and like looked at me and then like
look straight at Ashley's coffee like oh
it doesn't like me because every time I
come in in India with rare sheets like
not happy but like the first job here
the person after she doesn't like my
baby she's Joseph you'll be named put up
guys so I decided to do my makeup out
here today yeah I just felt like sitting
down and doing it in front of a mirror
and not standing do you guys ever do
that because I do it all the time I'm
like um hello I'm vlogging I'm sitting
see I'm just reading makeup and watching
some vlogs while I do my makeup figure
it out update you guys and then after I
get ready we're going to film all day
because yes and um yeah yeah somebody
makeup is done and now I think I'm just
going to curl there maybe just a little
bit very like just really rocking up
some Coldplay let's go and today bye boo
my hair is kind of crazy what do guys so
it's been a while since I've logged I'm
kind of sorry about that let's see who
loves me and is 251 I filmed a little
bit for this video already I think I
fell into three two and a half sings for
it out of seven soon it's a start so
we're going to go a curl the hair I
still have to change the lighting in my
bathroom should do that like you know
what I think I have bulbs somewhere back
of yours
do you like your bath and Bodyworks
likes - we always have a candle like
constantly burning constantly burning oh
wait yes yes this is what I want
hey what's them let's change there it's
not dyed - oh they're the wrong kind
update time in his 6:03 p.m. I have been
sitting here editing at my video I think
this one's gonna go up next week because
already have one that's going up Friday
so if you didn't study for that but
another one's going up um next week
Ashley nya and Taryn she's here we
decided to oak of him we decided to open
boom chicka hey are you ready I'm ready
is there a whole bunch of boom in there
I think there's like boo chicken there
like every time possible right yeah
dude I thought it was just in there
that's so much smarter though it would
literally go back it would so go back
just the regular one I wish they had the
thank you
boom chicka for life okay so Ashley
knife sights you go get some dinner
sorry it's like really bad lighting
because we're in them but yeah so we
drove out to this really cute little
cafe and that's gonna sound food this
place is so cute I'm good if you're so
so cute I for you√Æ and I know what you
get so I got a turkey and avocado
sandwich and it looks really good
and I got eliminated it's like a
smoothie on top and eliminate I'm
thought oh it is name
and so it could even better because the
lighting has them pull in here
it's like a bomb like bomb lighting
might be mine you're gonna cap it hey
guys so I'm going to bet it is like
midnight hey I need a response in the
vlog it's a good night and then I will
see you tomorrow and yeah okay
