hey guys what is up its benefit oh my
gosh where do I start
can you help me move the boxes in like
two minutes I'm gonna vlog and do it
this little quick update okay / why is
this like weird lighting that to tip to
tip to tip to tip down down and down
just not looking good okay just like
having major issues right now oh this
isn't too bad
okay I'm having so many engines
literally took me ten minutes like find
a place to sit down oh sorry I just like
I like good framing as sir this is not
good framing it's kind of like I don't
know how I feel about this but anyways I
should probably should just make my bed
its benefit I realized that I have not
really been on this channel that much
but if you did not see on Twitter blogs
are coming back I'm very excited I did
want to do like a quick little like
update video before the vlogs come
because I don't I just wanted to so much
exciting stuff I feel like has been
happening and just yeah like I don't
even know I'm definitely really pumped
and excited for my vlog channel right
now if you saw the grease teaser video
that I put on Twitter I'm just like
really excited for that personally I
feel like I'm still like thinking about
what I want my main channel will be and
like the kind of content I want to do
there so it's still not like 100% there
but we still got time we're good um but
if you're gonna I just kind of like
update you guys on that I am so excited
for these vlogs like I don't know I feel
like just taking like a few week break I
wasn't even planning on taking a break
for my vlog channel but it kind of
naturally happened what else the other
day I went to Toronto I spoke on a panel
for like Girl Power Girl empowerment it
was amazing
who you are and come to your seat really
thank you
so it was fine Oh guys
hahaha guys remember how I told you that
we were gonna have our office
transformation happening so this room is
so light hear me out the desk could be
there we could get like super cute
wallpaper if you didn't see that vlog
basically our dining room and our office
are gonna be switched because there's so
much better lighting downstairs in the
now dining room the switch is officially
happening next week oh my god I'm so
excited you guys remember Shara she did
our coffee corner here it is which we
freaking love I'm gonna have her channel
linked in the description box as well as
a video of her because not only are we
doing the office transformation but she
totally helped decorate our entryway and
you guys it is so freaking amazing it's
so much better than I ever could have
done by myself freaking love it so so
I'm gonna show you guys that in a second
but she's putting up the full
transformation video if you want to see
where everything's from if you want to
see like every little detail about it
it'll be in the description box I like I
love it so we're about to go see the new
entryway so about to have the big reveal
of seeing our new entryway I am so
excited to share it killed the Coffee
corner like so good are you excited for
to entry are you excited
think there's any talk this no
how cool is it this is like I love the
pot as a pea yeah I feel like this rug
is a really great transition to your
people living here yeah it prepares this
talk about the little target runner I'm
gonna show them the entryway here it is
I freaking love it I just like Idaho I
can't even talk gibberish this is just
so much better than I thought it ever
could be I feel like it just goes so
much more with the house and when people
come in then we have a new mirror for
vlogging but when you come over here
this far it's done - when I saw this I
freaked out so yeah I totally watch that
in your video Shara you did such a good
job
I'm obsessed clothed do you love it do
you love it don't rub your butt so that
is our new entryway I am so excited like
it like I just like I fully obsessed
with this so I'm really excited so you
guys saw my reaction I freaking love it
I also love like when you're up here on
the stairs
it just makes such a big difference to
the whole house hi I'm on the stairs and
then you just pan over here and look Wow
also our office is so messy please don't
mind that I'm obsessed I freaking love
this is so I love how it's so simple to
you like it's not too overwhelming okay
this looks so this is the one I chose so
I want to name it so yeah what else is
new oh well yeah I told them the Greece
thoughts are coming say hi say hi
everyone I love her this really wasn't
meant to be like a full blog blog blog I
just kind of want to update you guys on
some things but again get excited
blogs are coming just exciting things
happen yeah it's gonna be good
I will I'll see you guys tomorrow with
the first Greece log you're not ready
