hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 11
which two barracks anything one it's my
favorite number which is why we're here
in Hawaii you have to follow my last
couple vlogs that yes I'm huge like very
very interesting night after I uploaded
yesterday's vlog I remember I feel nuts
likes one part yeah guys oh no no was so
mad okay so we're at just like cute
little hotel next thing we know it's
really late at night I'm getting ready
for bed I'm like taking off my makeup
and I I feel something on my foot and it
hits me like oh and if you know me you
know I like have a deep fear of insects
and spiders and that type of thing
that's getting my friend I don't
exaggerate I just like I get anxiety a
fat diet E is real so I look down at my
foot and there is a huge cockroach on my
mind you me and Mel are on the bed like
falling asleep and then like what and
then she's like we were joking that we
jinxed it because we were seeing that
song yesterday because we saw a
restaurant that was called that and yeah
so long story short um without getting
into too much detail we were at a
different hotel because the other hotel
was not that nice
and didn't really care about the
incident so we're at a Doozer I'll give
you guys a hotel room tour later but you
have to see this view we're about to go
get breakfast and stuff but I really
want to show you this great Betty Anne's
and thun thun thun oh my gosh
this is beautiful it is so pretty
hello people down there I can't oh my
gosh oh my gosh we have a little patio
which is just so cute and yeah so that's
our view from our room and it is
gorgeous
and we are just I'm loving it and it was
funny cos last night I was like after
everything I was like I should have
blogged because it would have been
hilarious seeing a reaction and then
even when we came back here we each like
would look through one bag to make sure
that there weren't any more cockroaches
that came with us and we were like
freaking out but I did film a small part
yesterday at the hotel when we were in
the elevator leaving I might be too
embarrassed to actually put this clip in
there because I was a mess I was crying
I was like hacker I was fat it was bad
and I know some of you are like it's
just a cockroach to me it is not I feel
like my life is in danger Aachen a lot
okay yeah so good news ah yeah anyways
let's go let's do some food we're gonna
go to wear boots and chemos to get it
macadamia nut pan crack also if you guys
have been here or you live here please
leave recommendations in the comments so
I can do specific like restaurants today
I think we're just gonna explore the
whole island kind of go everywhere gonna
go to North Shore we're gonna go to
cinematic ivy yeah
we're gonna kind of go everywhere and
then do more like activities tomorrow
like snorkeling and all that kind of
stuff if you have cute Instagram places
we are very excited about this get some
coffee
this is really good this is the best
I've had in a really long time
and we got a wave reduced turkey bacon
sandwich
ready continue my kailua road okay we're
here at breakfast washes lunch
and then I got sausage fried rice and
two egg and the og is Bonnie okay we're
ready
freaking day
so we're on our way to with the cold CAD
Lanikai te Lanikai Beach cat literally
knows the name for like everything and
where it is and stuff some that's what I
see here 24/7 like hey there's a smudge
on my camera to see this right there
okay so yes that is that we're doing I'm
so excited
got my camera I'm a bulky camera gonna
get some really pretty pictures that
this be just go dude and I live here oh
please can I like have a family member
who lives here please look at the nother
coconuts in the tree guy is like thumb I
forgot to switch my shoes it's so pretty
you guys the beaches turquoise and I've
never seen a turquoise beach and that's
all I wanted in in life
get some lemonade
it's so pretty okay so we went to Wow
Wow Aloha lemonade I think those both
first of all they come in these adorable
jars which I'm obsessed with until again
and I'd like it took a couple pictures
right now I'm gonna take a picture of
the license plate with my converse that
was so cute
and then we are on our way to North
Shore if you get this shrimp from the
shrimp truck do you bunny it's currently
606 p.m. and we just sat down for dinner
and we decided to get down
