oh my god don't mind how ridiculous I
look right now I was debating it I was
okay so I was about to vlog and I was
like wait at least you should probably
change I was like no I'm not gonna
change cuz my robe is so comfy right now
I'm probably gonna take this off because
umm yeah let's do that
what let's do that yeah it's like no I'm
gonna stay in my comfy road because it's
comfy and that's what I want to do
welcome to vlogmas day Gavin oh my gosh
cameras at 7:00 it's intense right like
I feel like it's going by so fast
and what's funny is I mean I don't want
to jinx it but I've been doing so good
uploading every day and it's not even
like stressful to me at all like it's
just become part of my daily routine and
I love it and it makes me want to like
daily vlog more I don't know I'm just
like really loving vlogmas I have an
attractive right now so this morning I
went to the gym and I just as you can
tell it is currently noon 12:00 anyways
I got a package that's that's my address
let's not let's not put that on there I
got a package and I wanted to oh also my
mom got Ashley and I gender read house
kit to make so I think we're gonna do
that tonight
I don't know or tomorrow we're
definitely gonna do this soon because
I'm totally vlogmas like no other and
just warning you guys you know I have
made so many orders when it's come to
like apartment and home decor so if you
don't like seeing me open packages or
buying stuff it's gonna be in a few blog
I'm gonna warn you oh my gosh any
guesses what it is I'll give you a hint
it's something to go on one of the
bookshelves I'll give you like 10
seconds to comment or you can pause this
video let me know if you think it is
this is fun we should do games like this
more often
it's old like telephone and it legit
works we probably won't ever use it
because both we won't use it because we
don't have a phone that's a good reason
to not use it oh my gosh and then we
have the phone to go with it
you guys how horrible is this I can't
right now where should you go this
bookshelf why this bookshelf mm-hmm
they're like nowhere near how they're
gonna be decorated but I think for now I
think for now we're just gonna set you
here and then we can figure out what we
want to do so I'll need to put a picture
there yeah oh my gosh and you guys I
went to anthropology the other day and I
found these really cute they're like
measuring cups look at this this is 1/4
cup this is 1/3 this is 1/2 and that's a
full cup how do you soak you and I also
got the Paris style guide and this like
see San Francisco book I think it's so
cute they got some super cute home decor
going on over here but it's not finished
really I'm like obsessed with you
because I think they're so cute ok so I
was making a quick target trip and then
when she gets back we're gonna start
filming and I'm really excited for this
week's video I might be uploading crisis
week not sure so figuring out when Ava
and I are uploading together because
that was so see last week's video I
think I might just upload twice this
week cuz yeah anyways but anyways I
think I'm going to start making my room
look Christmassy because that's what I
need for this video any guess is what it
is any guesses I hope you remember but I
told you guys yesterday that this
apartment is amazing but it doesn't
really have much cabinet space
this is kind of the only cabinet space
really that it has and it's in the
kitchen which is awkward so I just have
like tools and stuff but down here I
decided to put some of my like extra
Christmas decorations and stuff so see
what we got sure need the old-fashioned
lights because they're like my favorites
knit on my favorite yeah um oh the
stockings
let's get that it's not enough I got
this one last year from Target and it's
still like one of my favorite things
ever maybe some twinkly lights and I
think our Santa hats like that I think
that's good we're gonna make this
Christmas food
yeah update um I started doing my makeup
and then I was like yo Alicia you're
filming a morning team you don't have to
get ready to film today I was like oh so
I put on a little bit too much probably
glass okay cuz we're filming the
expectation part today so like that's
okay
you know like expectation is waking up
gorgeous and chillin here with Paloma
and me were just snugging at my dad home
babe update with her if you guys are
wondering she's doing a lot better she
still is not a hundred percent adjusted
to this apartment the past few days I
feel like I can tell the chief just in
stress like Nancy and I don't know just
not her normal normal normal stuff not
in a bad way like she's totally fine but
moving is so stressful for dogs I don't
think a lot of people realize that but
overall she's doing it so much better
but we're doing good our week low so
proud of it
so Phil you wash it back but what man
and what man ya got PJs yeah Christmas
what yeah season from Target and they're
so comfy
there was a hard lady Greek yogurt left
so I'm just using I told you this was
like lately whoa whoa I'm PJ sat eating
Greek yogurt behind the scenes of a
video what case we're about to film
Merry Christmas and a happy it's
currently 537 if you were wondering so
it should not walking Chloe and I found
a package that I didn't order that's
from Too Faced cosmetics so I'm really
excited right getting packages and stuff
it's like exciting like when you order
something but getting packages that you
didn't even order that someone sent do
you just cuz that's like even more epic
like Christmas every single day and is
amazing so let's open this oh shut up I
didn't even know they were like gonna be
like look at this oh my gosh do we get
away with some of these no I didn't even
use all this is that not one of the
prettiest colors you have ever seen and
your entire life everything else to show
you guys but there's just so much stuff
I don't think I can do it I'll show you
a couple things that I open there are
these really pretty highlighters this
one is show gorgeous and then this one
is a warmer tone looks super super
pretty this one is so pretty the only
thing is I don't want to swatch it yet
in case I want to give it away to
someone really wanting to swatch it I'm
not going to this blush palette does a
brush these lipsticks though I'm
definitely gonna keep this lipstick so
let's try it on oh pretty shimmery do
you like it it's like so bright I'm not
gonna try chocolate milkshakes so it's
not like normal a color I would do like
it look really good with a smoky eye
like a boom smokey eye I mean this is
the cutest makeup brush I think I've
ever seen look at his little spoon coy
look you can't tell on camera but in
person it's like Kim Kardashian glow oh
dang oh my gosh you know what's funny
the dark lips kind of work with the fact
that I'm not wearing like any eye makeup
I know a lot of people don't like dark
lips so I totally won't take it personal
if you don't think it looks good this is
a chocolate cherries melted chocolate
liquefied it was lipstick from to your
face if you were wondering hey guys so
okay so
yeah I'm here obviously my vlog ended up
leaving the lipstick on because yellow
why not if you don't like it don't worry
it's not like an everyday thing but
we're actually meeting up with Danielle
and Taryn if we decided to come a little
early because there is bath and
Bodyworks next door Bassem body works
more like so sweetness in both Ashley
knife $50 gift cards what is it like
today tark's it me something hasn't
bodyworked like it's just the Christmas
giving mood like an eye experience these
are not to do that so I'm about to go
buy speaking of Christmas spirit candy
cane in the Christmas story we need to
come down here more often
I don't know if that's that might be
that something we'll see yeah I'm naming
notes videos hopefully getting some
candles hopefully they have a sale going
on outfit of the day shirt is Topshop
skirt I becoming a bitch shoes enriched
gym and losers jacket I've never done an
outfit of the day like this that's kind
of cool the light I said pretty all
those legs even cuter yeah I'm gonna
sail boom
Candice I'm Gideon okay picking out a
Carson's which one do we want that's
like really guy hmm
but I like it okay I like this cinnamon
caramel swirl got some goodies we didn't
spend the whole gift card but we got
some goodies
I love the story yeah yeah Thank You
Beth body works we got some it really
keeps to cute good-smelling
um so this looks amazing I got a cheese
enchilada because I really like cheese
enjoyment and I just really wanted one
got to see carne asada and it looks
amazing it actually like so
hey guys so obviously we're back home at
the apartment now we've been here for a
few hours and I've just been editing I
helped actually edit one of her belong
and I edited as this vlog not all the
way because I got pretty tired a lot of
it so that way tomorrow I won't have too
much to do this wasn't focused like the
whole time was it was it not focus whole
time that sucks anyways I love you guys
so so so much and I'll see you tomorrow
with vlog my States and yeah okay bye
