morning guys and welcome to a vlog this
day six pink its devoutness day six set
which is crazy one second oh my gosh yes
hey it's December 6 which is vlogmas day
sex oh my gosh sorry about that
yeah I've actually had a very stressful
morning seriously had so much editing
and homework to do and I planned on
staying up all last night and doing it
but I didn't I ended up getting so tired
so we just went to bed and I woke up
early and luckily I did all of my
homework so that's exciting and it's
currently 12:30 shoot if you're
wondering so did all my homework so now
like that helps a lot like I said like
the stress is gone and I got up
yesterday's vlog so I did both of those
pretty proud about that really happy
definitely less stressed now now I just
have a full video to edit and then
around 4:30 or so I'm going to head out
to LA and Jean Marie and I are getting
our nails done
we made appointment so I don't want to
cancel for that but I think I should be
able to get everything done by the
ashley's actually hanging out with ru
right now they're gonna be coming back
to the apartment and we're spending the
day with her which is exciting I think
they're gonna come out to LA too later
so I took a break but I'm gonna start
editing my video again just been hanging
that was close of course I'm
procrastinating so much because I have
something to do I'm like cleaning the
apartment obviously the only time I ever
really clean is what I'm procrastinating
so I kind of cleaned up the apartment
what else what else but uh yeah anyways
um let's start this day I hope you guys
like it and let's go
yes hey pretty girl whoa holy heck oh
can you look at me Chloe she was like
why are you waking me up ahead it's a
vlog they wanna see you you see this do
you see her sassy she is we're good
whoo also if you're wondering we changed
the knobs on my dresser and I feel like
it looks so much better now
I had those like black knobs I call it
was just very like industrial looking
and obviously our apartments like very
white and like pink and not industrial
looking at it
so changing the knobs helped so much and
we still have to bolt in at the
bookshelves but we made the other one
last night we got the last part and
we're gonna clean all of that off except
for the amillion plaque and then put all
the knickknacks like and the bookshelves
and whatnot and then i've had so many
people ask me why we have a dresser in
the living room it's actually really
common a lot of people do that but we're
just using ours for like linens and
towels and stuff actually gonna be
getting a new dresser for my room
if
so this isn't like my clothes where I
come every day from my room into the
living room to get it's just like towels
and linens and stuff because there
honestly isn't much like closet space
here so the doorbell just rang and I was
like who's that how it was Ashley but
then I open the door no one's there and
I got a package like oh so weird it's
Sunday usually a package is open does
the middle around I don't know I think I
know what it says so let's open it yeah
I need the dining tables chairs full
with the new dining table is coming and
I wanted like faux fur like rug things
on this and I got these ones oh but I
feel like you like yellow oh on camera
it looks white but it's definitely more
of a like I don't know definitely more
yellow than white oh no I don't know man
I might return the AIDS I got you I have
the IQ on so I'm finally doing my makeup
um took long enough and we're just gonna
throw some on it's like it looks decent
oh no I still need to change my lines in
here because otherwise it just looks not
known cute anyways I'm getting ready to
go to LA and Arion house you're gonna
come and we're all gonna get Elvis
coffee and Dawn Marie is probably gonna
meet us there I think I think not sure
and then me and her are getting our
nails done because I really made my nose
up in a while and we'll see you
afterwards
but yeah boom let's see what do I need
that she's some bronzer don't mind the
mess that's my bathroom I feel like an
you know like it lower citizens you need
okay I'm gonna didn't make it like super
super fast and I think I'm gonna watch
some vlogs while you're ready because
that's what I do I know nothing I went I
prefer watching vlogs over TV when I get
ready I think I told you guys that
before although you guys are doing
vlogmas let me know your channel in the
comments I'm so curious I love long
lives and I love watching vlogs so let
me know you won't Emma or any job that
you're uploading blog more videos on
ceiling oh no boom now we gotta do the
hair although I'm not gonna do it I'm
Justin brush it out maybe wear a beanie
or something so that way I don't to do
nice shoes shows I still really need to
work on closet especially like down
there and then you know all that
downgraded a lot I'm so proud of myself
I think I want boots for sure cuz I'm
not getting a pedicure I'm just getting
a manicure yeah we're ready
well I'm ready just putting my hair in a
braid it's like really really messy it
looked horrible until I put the beanie
on so it's like oh yeah jean jacket with
my flannel underneath brandy melville
shirts leggings and my Brown booties and
then I brought an extra leather jacket
just in case you get cold because I
don't know like what we're gonna be
doing tonight yeah
that is not bit case you're wondering
okay so we're about to do something
really really sad and we're going into
our old apartment for the last time
before we turn in our keys today you're
gonna go say bye and go end it one last
home i'ma cry so many memories here so
many times I'm filmed right here oh are
you still here our kitchen how many
times I sat at this spot dining room in
our kitchen in our living room oh don't
waste an hearin blog and I would always
lean against this and talk to you guys
like this hanger could buy our first
apartment together ash we were at this
apartment for two years because Ashley
and I both move out of her parents house
figure totally lost and confused after
our sisters I feel like I have to answer
every single blog okay I'm so painful
your sisters she's older I'm Ashley's
room I asked in my room and my bathroom
and my closet guys are actually really
sad okay
fun fact see this yellow right here I
don't know if it's nail polish or what
but it was here before we moved in never
came out and now they'll be here for the
next person that's the weird thing
I can't it's gonna be so weird seeing
someone else move into this place
because I would have like no oh I used
to waste my camera here on the towel
rack and blog to you when I was getting
ready I'm actually really sad
I can probably crack doesn't myself
right now there was just so many good
memories here and I'm excited to make
new memories in the new apartment a lot
of your probably like a lot of you were
like the apartment what I'm really
excited for is in like two years to look
back on this vlog I'm gonna be like oh
I'm like have it oh thinking of the time
when we first moved in I blogged that
you got me a memo just got the keys to
the apartment so here's what it looks
like when you walk in living room
there's a little patio and my bedroom
then here is my bathroom and now we're
moving out myself
I could've cried was just like stalking
the bathroom
I'm here eating so it's like okay
teatime so I'm currently with John
Murray if you watched the tour vlogs you
know who she is got announced and this
is not a big shocker I got what you got
short new together and we are currently
headed to earth to meet up with ari and
Ashley I'm so hungry and the quesadillas
are bomb no I haven't been here in so oh
the last time I was here was with Nikki
dude look at my number I'm so excited
right now
say hi reunited
dinner was delicious we're not nope I
mean it would have been great it looks
like a Super Bowl hominins bully one and
I love it I'm still the number yeah oh
yeah re got a chocolate cake and it
looks so
I love your tree
I love Holmes wheel fun fact I've never
had a real tree that was deeper this
child Candace we're so big add me on
snapchat if you want to see cute
snapchats of super your friends when are
you free this week Scoones okay scone
day I'll see you then bye can we just
came to say hi now we gotta go my nephew
update is now
10:49 it's not even late but I don't
know I fell asleep in the back of a car
we love me as we were on our way back
home and we're actually dropping off re
right now and we were gonna say goodbye
oh yeah ugly until we see her again
we're just hopefully in a come on
no tickle me goodbye I'm amazed your
face hey guys it is now 12 52 8 man I
just added in this vlog up until this
point boom feel like it looks so ugly
anyways I'm gonna say goodnight I love
you guys so system so so much and I'll
see you my next vlog I'll see you
tomorrow with another vlog another vlog
miss and yes that's weird wait
