morning guys and welcome to these boys
sir now obviously we're in the car and
with the moment Ashley and we are headed
to my aunt's house
technically my great aunt she's like my
grandma basically let's implement ease
so we are going to spend the day with
her and do maybe a little shock beach or
go get some lunch or something just
honestly hang out they open some shops
and put my needs we're just gonna go
check them out and do something I
literally haven't even touched my hair
from waking up that's what it looks this
adorable so yesterday's vlog it is you
guys should go watch it like I said on
every single blog we should go watch
because it's a fun fact there has been a
finger print on my lens for the longest
time so here we go
okay I fix it hello but Beyonce should
be a super fun day yes let's go
come on Browns at Starbucks this morning
she knows us so well we get our
competition from her don't we mom you
are such a great influence on us
ah so cute it's all decorated Christmas
so we are happy outlets as you can see
and we're just hanging out
game period you want to say hi to my
blog everyone say hi right-hand Aunt
Mary is we're just hanging out I'm on
the shopping we're shopping well not
really have a funny thing oh we did we
did buy we also be rented a wheelchair
we weren't sure if you were going to eat
it or not doesn't want it so I'm just
sitting in it
I love the ornaments photo shoot I'm the
impromptu buster
forgot was recording awkward guess where
we're going doing it for the vlog just
kidding doing it for me because I really
wanted
Tiger butter they don't have my usual
you guys know I love caramel apples
Ashley's never tried Tiger butter so
we're gonna this looks so heavenly yeah
okay ash all you tiger but you're gonna
like it cuz it's like kind of peanut
buttery I like Peter I'm like white
chocolate peanut it's like good it is
that it goes very subtle but it's not
right am i right my turn my turn
getting some veggie grill and I'm so
excited right now
we got our food I got my usual quinoa
power salad with chicken the buffalo
wings because they're amazing as mom's
first I'm trying aunt what are your
thoughts really good so good actually
went to get tender green if we were
eating and I'm so excited and so happy
right now updating my hair still oh crap
she met Mary going
I'm break-in Jordi's okay you just yeah
it's I'm its Rachael Ray baby hello hey
my camera is Austin in your pocket
watches your vlogs oh wow I know I saw
you guys eating at veggie grill and then
I was like Isabella she hand balance
be ready with more
my skating ring
by inspection no I don't wait hello nice
car
hello other nice guy
okay so actually I we're trying to see
how much our brains think alike so we're
giving each other topic and on the count
of three you have to say what we're
thinking of it helps of thinking of the
same thing ready a soda
one two three pepper fast food one two
three yeah car brand
favorite clothing so I our clothing
clothing star one two three
no we're like two port type of sport one
two three
let's talk to this dude like a little
good
I'm over this bomb what up guys so it is
currently 11:59 that's kind of cool
almost midnight
obviously we're home now I've just been
editing away I edited a I edited all
this blog up until this point and then I
did my thumbnail for my name is video is
going up I'm just not sure if it's going
up tomorrow or like the next day but
I've been working on that really hard
and we are currently watching else
literally one of my favorite Christmas
movies ever might even be my favorite
Christmas movie I absolutely love this
movie so much it's like so funny oh I
love it very nice I guess you're trying
to add a little more Stefan's like you
also also I posted this picture oh you
can't see that one blur I just make sure
to Instagram today so you guys should go
follow me my username is Mac need eleven
and then go like this picture and then
comment on this picture that you were
watching the vlog when I told you to go
comment or like it yep but my favorite
pictures ever of me an absolute hey guys
so I am going to go to bed I'm sorry
that this vlog is a little shorter than
normal but yeah cos I love you guys know
stuff so much I don't see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog mess and yeah
