Wow oh my god you guys first off my hair
is actually so uh just not cute right
now so that's why I'm wearing this head
I'm not even gonna lie about that don't
mind me I'm a little I just like shorts
and a hoodie basically no makeup and
except my eyebrows are like kind of dark
today
my hair's looking all rough so but
before I get into this video I actually
wanted to let you guys know that I'm
going to be at the Billboard Music
Awards in at Las Vegas in this Sunday
I'm so freaking excited because I'm not
kidding
everyone who's performing are basically
like my top favorite songs right now
like there's so many good performers
there's so many good performers I'm so
excited Ariana Grande
no tears left to cry of course love that
do a Lipa I'm just obsessed with
everything that she does new rules
it's just so good Shawn Mendes his new
song came out BTS and they're you know
they're gonna perform fake love like I
am so I'm just like I'm so excited
I've got who else Demi Lovato Christina
Aguilera you me like a bale oh I love
literally love her then literally with
my favorite songs ever yeah so I'm so
excited you guys need to watch the show
um yeah I actually posted a photo on
Instagram it's the ariana grande I'm
your old wall but yeah I'm working with
Billboard and I'm so excited to be going
and to walk carpet and watch everyone
perform oh my god John Legend's going to
I freaking love John Legend there's
planes so I'm gonna hold for the plane
so you guys may watch the show maybe
you'll like low-key like see my head or
something like on TV that can that could
be kind of cool I mean like a mom on TV
this Sunday on NBC at 8:00 p.m. I
believe Eastern Standard Time so
definitely watch that so anyways I
really wanted to just kind of come on
here and make I guess an update video
for you guys just because I realized I
really haven't announced much on my vlog
channel but I assume that most of you
guys have already seen the video on my
main channel and if you haven't yet I'm
gonna have it linked into the
description box but basically it's me
announcing that I'm taking a break from
specifically my main channel right now
and guys I cannot tell you enough I am
so overwhelmed with how everyone has
been so supportive and so amazing and
honestly this week this first it's been
basically one week with my break it
already like I feel so
good and I just know that like that was
supposed to happen I already feel more
inspired like but yeah and honestly I've
been so busy this week there's just been
a lot going on a lot of traveling yes I
was in Vegas with revolve which is one
of my favorite clothing companies ever
like they're amazing and flew back to LA
and I'm flying back to Vegas on Sundays
come home that night and then the next
day you guys I'm going on such an
exciting trip that I'm so excited for
like so freaking excited for it kind of
is just like a vacation and I think it's
like it's definitely like a bucket-list
destination place that I've always
wanted to go and I'm really excited I
just felt like towards the past like
month ish I just felt like I felt
obligated to the vlog and then I didn't
want to vlog because it felt like I had
to where now I feel like moving forward
I'm just like you know what if I want to
vlog I'm gonna vlog and if I don't that
I won't it's totally okay so I'm not
taking a break from this channel like
I'm definitely still gonna be posting
I'm not sure how much I feel like it's
gonna it's like I feel like I'm gonna be
posting a lot more anyways I love you
guys so much thank you for watching this
I hope you're excited for just the
future because I really am and um
and yes so anyways I'm gonna edit this
and get it up for you guys because I
want to do that anyways I love you guys
and I want to talk to you really really
student I promise promise also I've been
very active on Instagram Twitter snap
all that stuff so follow me there
shameless I'll promo yeah okay love you
guys bye
