good morning guys and welcome to the
first vlog that I start in this
apartment which is so if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog then you're really out
of the loop
but Ashley and I actually moved
apartment so we're in the process of
moving and I uploaded at yesterday's
vlog and you guys are like so excited
which makes me excited like you guys are
just like really excited for all these
moving blogs and stuff so yeah sorry I
can look like crap but that's okay oh my
gosh you guys story I drove through
Starbucks this morning and I wish I had
my camera totally forgot to bring in
Pat's Chloe with me and I was getting my
dad breakfast because he spent the night
to help us move a lot of stuff the
cutest Starbucks barista I've ever seen
ever had in my life happens to be
working and I look like crap I come
rolling up and I like him I'm like oh my
gosh you're so cute and I look
ridiculous right now
and then Chloe is barking the whole time
at him but he was so cute I like you
could tell he liked dogs he was like oh
but fun like why are you barking and I
was like oh my gosh stop you love dogs
in your hot um someone's killing me try
and decide I think I'm gonna put on a
little bit of makeup before we started
the day completely but yeah it's just a
moving day that's kind of what we're
gonna be doing all day long I was also
looking at um some really cute home
decor this morning because with Black
Friday and Cyber Monday the deal this
weekend are amazing so I'm really
excited to buy a whole bunch of
furniture and I'm so excited oh my god
I'm gonna head back over to the old
apartment to get on some more stuff cuz
my dad's cleaning up there and whatnot
you want a quick coat eating this jacket
is from Urban Outfitters online is from
brandy melville it's just a really comfy
hoodie these shorts I have no idea where
they're from there Ashlee's probably
like Target or something though and I'm
wearing my Nikes Barrio yes oh
she's doing a lot better you guys were
giving me some tips to help her just
because at first she was like not
filling it she's doing a lot better
she's still come like unsure especially
because we're still at the same complex
so she knows the area every time we're
walking she'll try to go to the old
place and not this place my honestly I
feel like after a couple days are like a
week she'll still get the hang of it she
slept good though so so I got Megha
distracted and I have been sitting here
looking up new furniture and home decor
right now I'm looking at West Elm and I
have so much stuff in my car it's kind
of bad having 25% off this whole weekend
which is really really good like really
really really excited about that I'm
gonna wait to order everything to
actually come so she can like give the
okay you know of like oh yeah like I
agree because you know I want her input
on decorations and stuff I think I'm
going to throw on some makeup and start
unpacking good work on my closet it
that's one thing I do I saw this picture
and I kinda out my bedroom to look like
is it like my filming set up I think
could look like this like with dresser
and in my bed in the corner I don't know
and then what else do I have
I saw this one which I really liked like
the table and stuff for the dining
people but I think I'm gonna do
something different oh this one design
okay this is literally our entire
apartment setup because our couch is
right here and then this would be the
bedroom to my room I'm thinking about
getting really tall bookshelves and
having like knickknacks and stuff and
then I love this planter right here
honor I think like this whole entire
thing is just perfect so do you guys
think should I do a setup like this
doo-doo-doo-doo on this wall right here
I think that could look really really
good we'll have to find a new spot for
the Cubbies but I don't know I think I
think I really like the bookshelves
because this wall is so tall
I feel like this just kind of like cuts
it off at a weird length so it doesn't
like elongate the wall just kind of like
makes it look clutter so I feel like
like two really tall bookcases could
book so you might like arm-flailing oh
my knee
hey babe I missed the beeping we're
gonna need to go out Sam should do a
pony or a bun I'm feeling a button okay
yep that looks worse to know I start oh
yeah that definitely looks worse faster
that's cool good it's maybe go to Target
even like a new trash can and like that
type of stuff
I also need bathroom stuff I'm gonna get
that today though oh and I ordered a new
couch which makes me so excited
parents need a couch so I'm actually
gonna give them our other one cuz it's
like totally fine and like brand new
basically and then I ordered a new one
so I have no idea when that's actually
going to arrive we'll set my hair down
no I don't know I need to get my tripod
it's still in my trunk otherwise I would
totally hope you guys on my tripod and I
need to charge my phone really bad and
we're going to target least do it get
decor stuff get a new trashcan
at Target getting some goodies and new
furniture curtains we need more curtains
that's bath curtains wait those are
decorative drapery rod Sweeny new
curtains in the living room I don't know
which ones to get like these ones yeah
finally getting a new trashcan that
Chloe cannot push over got a new vacuum
which was very needed because her other
one basically didn't work at all hmmm
I'll have to be for Ashley all the
kitchen stuff because she loves kitchen
buying kitchen stuff
lunchtime I'm so excited john oates
ashley for bringing me home a salad from
Chili's you were two best hey guys at a
time it is currently 419 I feel like I
haven't really done too too too much
today except I actually placed a few
orders for court and apartment stuff and
you saw that we went to Target we got a
got a vacuum got a new trashcan well
soak up all their like a little little
things nothing like too cute and crazy
just like basic stuff that's why I
didn't really bother showing you guys a
haul because it's really like basic
stuff you just kind of need to live oh
yes I'm chilling here in my room which
is still nowhere near and done this that
is okay I'm close here she's chilling
you're doing really well it's a change
babe and then tonight we're going to
completely rearrange my room I think I
know how I want to have it like at least
arrangement why so I can rent it tonight
probably gonna move the dust and my room
I don't really like in the dining area
at all so I'm gonna bring it back my
room and mom is currently on her way and
she's gonna come help out so the whole
family's gonna be here whoo I am not
used to having like lighting that's too
bright yet I mean like this is pretty
bright I'm not used to it closet is
still a mess but I'll show you guys an
update this is what I gots going on so
far we moved one of my bookshelves in
here for my shoes that suitcase actually
has all of my shoes but it didn't even
fit all of my shoes but that's a little
bit carrying just shoot it's gonna put
on the shelves in and I can put some
shoes in there more shoes up there and
some purses yes I have to be right there
because Cooper is my favorite and yes
are you as proud of me I have downsized
my closet so much I know this looks huge
if you've watched my blog for a while
you know that I have downsized my closet
so much I thought a little more clothes
to hang up but for the most part like
this is really good for me I know this
is like a huge closet and a lot of
you're like wow that's like three times
what I have but this is three times less
than what I did have so I'm proud of
itself and you should be too and I
donated the rest of the clothes so yeah
the nice green tea today and it's Bella
Stubbins
I'm really really really good for mom is
here hi Oh sweetheart you know I think I
actually blogged here last that's the
first thing there's a lot later now I
think it's seven something and Taryn is
here and we hate but fact I'm Ashley I'm
Alicia's sister and I and my best friend
Taryn and like we're not a lot of people
think and we are going to rearrange it
my furniture in my room because I think
I have in my head what I want my room to
look like now for the most part I never
know it'll probably change but let's do
it oh that could only mean with bags of
money
oh you are there we go moving oh okay
okay
Oh where's that button
you know
not really liking the dresser right here
but there's honestly with my veterans
well there's no other spot to put it hey
guys so I'm going to go tonight tonight
but I'm gonna go to bed is a really
tired I'm not sure if I'm gonna combine
today's vlog with 1200 few ways
elevators are so so much and I'll see
you the new log super stupid suit peace
out yo okay bye
