morning guys so it's obviously the
morning because I said good morning guys
because how I take a shower my hair is
like drenching wet and I'm chilling in
my robe and I have a cup of coffee yeah
I don't know I just felt like blogging a
little earlier because normally I wait
for my blog to up and then I start
blogging I was like no I should plug me
earlier this morning so I was about
start editing yesterday's of the Lugg so
I have all of this to go through and
break it down that's what's going on so
maybe you've got okay so when I was on
tour I had to ship three boxes and stuff
because there is so much stuff I could
not bring it back like on my suitcase
anything FedEx just came and there okay
literally a whole box is boom chicka pop
one of the big boxes is literally just
no this is like clothes and stuff
because I shop too much we're gone
Walden Walden your bottle I never used
it
really Wow uh you guys like rode on it
mini ones oh there's a huge one there's
literally a huge bag and this isn't even
all of it because like a lot of people
ate it and then like the last show I
couldn't keep a lot of it it's not the
biggest bag ever
that's that box and then we have one
more boat update vlog is almost done
being ended
oops that one made I like all of our pet
and she has so many toys - it's not your
toy though we can't eat it more toys by
khlomoney she's right here freaking out
someone wanted me to give this to Ashley
no I wanted her to open it and it has
yarn
I think yarn makes every presence so
much work so it's like is there more for
me I think it's a bug thanks guys no we
need to get rid of a bunch yeah I want
to get a shelf that I could just like
hang oh that's so fun look what I got
for a video and I figured I'm absolutely
because we don't want them to go to
waste
no one yes good fit Ashley would you
like one like is here hi this is
smashley Ashley just you know the
difference well they're both Ashley but
to distinguish
I'm so excited okay guys so it's
definitely been a while since I've
logged the Ashley and I are currently
going to tarjay
hey guys so I'm sorry I stopped blogging
yesterday my battery died so I had to
charge it I don't know if you could tell
but I went to me like with Monica and
Shelby sounds like blowing behind me you
know Felicia needs to glow we're going
in right now and it's not like Hall hall
we're just like Mahal it's all fall
aside and pumpkin and we're so excited
so so I think I'm gonna buy some silver
ears because I'm really excited
I think years
go
you have to try it I'm trying to
convince Shelby to get my camera day
time so we are waiting in line for a
spouse but it was sleeping there really
long time so we decided to go find
another another ride
and she liked my book so it's like you
should be the book the madam looked
recently so yes are you having about
today yeah yeah it's gonna hard
again
we are behind see backstage to work
Monica can you give us a tour
right behind mainstream
I know so much about it clearly people
when you come back meaning is currently
on my phone hey guys so I'm back home
now a lot of kin Shelby left and that
was so much fun so I you didn't blog too
much gonna end the vlog here I hope that
you liked today's look and I will see
you hope his mouth with new vlog I love
you guys so much and yeah
