today is actually the last day we were
on the bus maybe we have a hotel and
tomorrow we fly back home which is so
weird with my so fast so I figured I
would vlog for yesterday so just let's
give you guys a quick update because I'm
sure you're all like what is going on so
if you didn't notice I was gone from
this channel for like over a week as
well as my main channel for a while
obviously we respond to her but I got
really really really sick I got like a
really bad case of strep throat which
I've had before but this was like the
worst I feel like I've ever had in my
life
long story short I went to Urgent Care
is two times to the emergency room it
was it was really bad it was not fun and
because of it I actually had to miss
three of our shows it was it was bad
it's pretty contagious I'm still like
getting over it but it's definitely like
the end of it you can tell something
kind of congested but yeah thank you
guys so much for all your get well
wishes and everything like you don't
even understand like you guys are so
amazing it's sweet and like you just
understood Arup you guys are awesome I
also have a lot of footage up until now
so I just never uploaded so I think I'm
going to either put that in my
it's decorated gorgeously
here it perfectly I never said you're
going to Shake Shack because I didn't
get in New York and I'm really excited
and it's Mia and John Murray and I who
has a fanpage now and we want some
viewers at the Capitol so shut up about
you
so be really cool setting that up
I like kooky so we got eight
cheeseburger and fries a lot of ketchup
because I have an obsession with ketchup
and a vanilla shake and a water and I'm
so excited even gave me a got that hot
dogs how is it yes good morning is a
really busy day coming up smooth voice
my voice last time we had a show and we
ended up going to bed around 2 so we
have to go to New York City
and get ready cuz they have interviews
all aboard le all day today so long
story short we had to stop here because
our tour bus couldn't go to the city and
we have to get sweepers to the city and
then we're gonna sleep for two more
hours at a hotel and get up and start
getting ready for the day and it's
figured I should document this
and then not your normal morning so
everyone's getting bad because we have
to pack and finish packing
we have to get all of our bags out of
the bus we're here morning it's an early
way too early maybe coffee or sleep
really hogs to drive to the city it's
like
shut up okay not too much traffic
oh fourth attempt awaiting Alicia
morning oh that's actually like a very
beautiful sight no ever like a little
over an hour so we have to be ready
never gonna go do our interviews you
have one with AOL and we're all going
sure do it for the vlog to put to you I
need coffee because yeah when you see
the base place and you want it
currently at team bug so I'm here with
Andy and Meredith we're currently kind
of touching up because we have like
video but yes we're gonna go to city and
hopefully just do some maybe some
shopping some food take some pictures so
yeah like that let's go ahead and start
this amazing awesome day hopefully with
some coffee first because I haven't had
breakfast and I'm really hungry and I
need gonna be really bad ok bye
funny I've actually been here before
with Katie excited okay so we just ate
and oh I didn't show my food I'm sorry
now we're gonna take some pictures
because I brought my polaroid and I
really wanted to keep pictures so we
took like six pictures these different
only ones that don't like when you see
really wasn't turned out this one was
super here
we are currently had a two-top show and
there's traffic and it's raining
Feeny shopping
strikes again
Alisha's phone is gonna die
entire than a thousand such Alan
Starbucks waiting to drink and my
queerness outward use my phone so
instead what I have like a portable
batteries let's charge and it's our key
I try there slightly on the subway hope
you get the
like what
so we are back at the hotel and I was
just trying on some of the things that I
bought today first off this beanie I got
it from Topshop and it is seriously so
cute and I love it and it's light pink
if you can't tell I also got this white
vest type dealio which i think is really
cool and then I got this top and that
was all I just got this like light peach
I'm currently getting ready for our show
and I am so sick I don't build it
whatsoever
I just finished getting ready with hair
and makeup and stuff and then I'm going
to change and I think we have our meet
up soon yeah we have our see I'll check
in like three minutes and then this is
my blog but I like I like school
but I'm gonna pick at home
you dress
yeah in our last day the bus we're all
packing you up getting our stuff out of
here and one more show today and then we
go hope to block I'm so excited
are you excited oh yeah that's like so
good to see Ashley through say goodbye
to our bus it's actually kind of saddle
a little it'll be here tonight um so
it's kind of kind of sad it was our last
day sleeping here I just need a bold
like charm
looking at that yes so excited I like
really missed vlogging you two not gonna
live so Jays well he's probably gonna be
all fun right now we're actually headed
to our hotel because we're staying at a
hotel tonight and we're gonna like drop
off all our luggage and come back here
to the video get ready for the entire
show our last show oh my gosh oh my gosh
that's so weird like I don't know back
here up empty
so we're currently in at the hotel room
I've actually been here for a while just
kind of just kind of getting ready my
hair is curled and up in a bun that was
about to start my makeup we're really
craving sushi jean-marie and I so we're
probably gonna hopefully get some before
we have to go to the venue so I mean I'd
like to try it my hardest to make up so
fast so amazing also can we talk about
this hotel room it seriously so cool
like a loft style and the lighting is
amazing I'm like in front of window
there's not a huge window of it there
I've been so happy I wish my apartment
was like this but it's not so cool don't
mind all my stuff wait are you trying to
stand on there okay do it no yes
makeups on I feel like a whole new
person it's been a while I mean
yesterday I did my makeup for the show
but I didn't do my hair and like it's
the first time but I feel pretty in a
really long time
oh man anyways I'm craving sushi and no
sushi place is open right now because
it's like two almost three yeah that's
it I really wanna get my hair done when
I get back I don't know I think I want
it lighter and like more layers oh and
we took some pictures I have a million
to choose from
but that's cool look at it suck yeah
excited I'm excited but like sad and
like I don't know I know we should make
my name speak tonight like epic like
full energy yeah and when you talk like
the girls in in reunion
hey guys so I just edited this vlog and
I figured it'd fit it's a good night so
that's sort of gonna do a huge
thunderstorm going on outside it's kind
of crazy but if you get too much I'll
see you tomorrow with my travel hood
hope I can't travel Hobe vlog because
you're going home tomorrow so I'm gonna
be an airport whatnot
but yeah I love you guys so much and
I'll see you in the next vlog bye
