hey guys good morning well good
afternoon we lost another hour we're
currently in Michigan Detroit and it is
11:30 is it it's 12:30
it's just oh that's not in that clock
zone it's 130 hours I've been doing some
homework and editing hey bus here and
Mia is here and I'm editing to whichever
editing personal we can we get a safety
yeah oh my gosh you look so cute
I'm a pegacorn okay guess I opened the
marshmallow madness oh yeah it's really
good though I met the girl that gave
that to us
shutout there last night yeah oh my gosh
yes thank you to whoever give us
emotional about this marshmallow madness
basically this is like Lucky Charms but
just the marshmallows and you guys know
I'm obsessed with Lucky Charms oh yeah
can we just compare my bowl working on
some homework and eating my marshmallow
what we do we wake up we're squishy left
it in the milk for 10 hours literally
having a Disney / Broadway like
sing-along party
now we see your true need to be myself I
would break my family's and even in your
case though it's I've yet to face you're
gonna be popular young women sick of
swimmin ready so Ava and John Barry and
I decided to come take some fun pictures
because we're done early and why not
hashtag ain't gotta get that into the
gram let's uh let's scope out our spots
see what we're working with
apparently on a railroad track try to
take pictures and it's a-workin hope we
don't die
are you cold I reckon another bad but
this is a really long
that's like it
you guys want to say hi to Alicia's vlog
we are currently about to have our meet
up we can put our sound check and we're
gonna have a meet-up 250 of you I
believe it's like an hour we're best
ever meet up on stage today which is 2 9
say hi to Alicia's blog hi blog Hawaii
so I'll be your on stage Madison handed
me this adorable notebook Thank You
Madison I love it so much
it's seriously so cute I'm going to use
it so we all just got a poodle bag and
we are so excited to open it let's see
what we got
oh my gosh oh my gosh we got my boodle
bags I kind of added everything into
these bags thank you guys so much for
giving them to us like seriously we were
so set on the bus there's like all these
essentials and all of our favorite
snacks you guys know me solo
