hey guys so sorry I did not blog
yesterday I lost my memory cards but it
was in my first people I'm so sorry
about that they don't like dated San
Francisco and we leave our flights at
like 2:00 I think but we have to leave
here like 1:30 so we have a cut like an
hour until then so we want to do some
some sightseeing and touristy stuff
where we going Mia that's what we're
doing you're on our way and I wish we
had more time here
so we're here have people house house
summit okay so we took some super cute
pictures I've not the house if we ever
go shopping which I know we're going to
remind me to buy more my goal is to like
so we're at the airport we are headed to
Accenture that's our next stop on the 20
stops that we're going and Mia and I
were really creating from Kennedy as
though we stops I can't be store candy I
want oh I love Buddha do we got I guess
I'm good over here let's get some whoa
ha ha we got candy and there you go
we're going she go it
we closed the please thank you
you my love you decided to go to
Colorado
I'm excited for Denver called a lot of
us we are some conviction
photos in the airplane India
she's a window
good morning we have some breakfast in
bed
I'm so tired this is so comfy so update
on the tour we are currently in
Minnesota we just got here yesterday in
Minneapolis and this city is gorgeous
and today we actually have a free day so
I thought it'd be perfect to vlog we're
gonna go shopping at the Mall of America
because that's like what you have to do
when you come here this is amazing yeah
okay so I definitely fell back asleep
after the last clip that you saw and
Amina dragged me out of bed and now I'm
getting ready I already finished curling
my hair so I'm just like letting it sit
and do my makeup super super bad because
everyone's waiting for me and yeah so
let's make this look beautiful
so we decide to take the train station
because what have you thought of eggs
look miss Garrett
it's so pretty here and get over this
beer here it's like an emulsifier it is
okay it's officially cool I was I was
really scared I was gonna be like let
down there's like a theme park in here I
saw this one roller coaster look at that
we need Starbuck we need coffee so bad
I'm really happy that I'm not let down I
thought I was gonna be like oh that was
intact and there's a zip line casual zip
lines and a rollercoaster with aloo
village it a theme park I thought it was
one roller coaster you guys if everyone
who like comes here all the time are
just like oh gosh
believe me I need a minute okay so first
things first I would love some coffee
because I have not a coffee today I
really like
what are you gonna get a hot pumpkin
spice latte Oh one milk and half this
week we're like this honey got some
coffee and I'm excited and now we are
shopping at Bourbon
Oh bye that's fine just just leave me my
friends come back my friend friends come
back when friends come back crying why'd
you leave me boy why'd you leave me
so we're going to free people and
there's an extra next door that I might
be going to pull so we've done some
damage already we went to free people I
ran out fitters and we're currently at
Nordstrom and I got some bugs I got to
the only great net ones right there
wanting for new ones for a while jhumri
are you excited yeah this one is
actually huge like you think forever 21
so huge until you come here like say I
think it's like you story it's not three
and I've been to a couple that are three
and I'm looking for a piece crock-pot
and then I think I'm done actually no I
need a suitcase because I knew suitcase
that I showed you guys totally broke it
makes me really really sad okay so I'm
shopping and said hi and I realized I
should definitely block we're currently
in forever 21 I got a shirt do you guys
everybody can say senior years I was
ever
tatsumaki so hopefully this one doesn't
break and if it does
did you just make the corner like me and
my sweater good sign definitely got
yelled at for filming appreciate your
post okay we need to find how to get out
of this place okay so I am obviously
back at V hotel right now Mimi is here
we missed you and I'm currently doing
what I've done what feels like a million
times I'm putting everything from the
broken to case into the do I hope this
one doesn't break a nice one too okay so
much stuff it's a really yellow up in
her baby so we are occurrence all the
time of that it's later night 10 p.m.
and we are currently going to get some
dinner because I haven't eaten since
noon
I'm really hungry testing does might not
some see how cold is it how cold is it
right now speaking whether it does 54
degrees
even Siri agrees that this isn't cold
but we're like it doesn't seem
particularly cool cafe latte school I'm
actually gonna get coffee
it's going to punc it's so pretty here
at night driver where where are you
driver speaking of uber driver I have a
code for you guys if you want to sign up
you can get here first back both free go
to scones Pete scones 67 51 three.com
slash scones
6750 code is o4k 89 Oh 4k 89 what okay
kitty max a what o 4k 89 how what this
little area of Minneapolis is like the
cutest place ever
I think it's so cute we really wish like
everything seemed to be closing like now
and this little coffee shop looks so so
cute look at that so all of this looks
amazing all the dessert
this place is so cute so I got a salad
and I got a soup bread because it's cafe
latte would you get me out
good casually having a photoshoot
because we want to make memories of this
trip and that's my memory getting to put
cake German chocolate cake German
chocolate cake
right now I realize I have not ended the
vlog yet and I really should edit it
tonight although it's already like what
to 220 it's almost 3 a.m. and it's
really late and I should get up early
tomorrow so I'm thinking maybe I'll edit
in the morning actually that sounds so
nice adding it in the morning with my
coffee so that's what I'm gonna do let's
see what I get shopping I got some bugs
I got a shirt and then a few things from
forever21
everyone oh my gosh three people and
that were super cute and yes we're like
packed away my suitcase right now right
there oh right there yeah anyways I will
see you guys later and I love you bye
