hey guys obviously I'm back at my
apartment if you weren't watching my
past few vlogs I was in LA at Mia's I
ended up coming back here really really
late last night and I also apologize
that I did not upload yesterday I was
looking over all the footage that I got
and it was maybe like four minutes and
it wasn't even anything interesting
actually did a shoot yesterday's
awesomest TV completely like forgot to
vlog so it was a very like it was just
not fun footage so I literally had like
no footage yesterday so I figured I
would just skip a day and and yeah but
yeah anyways I ended up coming back here
really late last night I felt so good to
sleep in because I've been really tired
lately
on this day slept until like almost
12:00 it was bad it's really bad I'm
currently getting ready because we have
some filming Tuesday what you doing I am
editing finally a vlog finally yes
it's been a very long process trying to
edit this vlog purple channel will be in
the description box go check it out go
check me oh and look at this is so sweet
I got a package from cleaning here this
morning it's an emoji backpack is it's
not legit is this not one of the clothes
things that you have ever seen and then
they said some goodies like their face
wash and agenda so I'm like
back-to-school stuff some pens like oh
it was so sweet so thank you clean and
clear that was really sweet of you so
I'm currently going to get ready however
I left my makeup at Mia's house so that
happened so my name is Ashley's but I
actually am going back to me as oh boy
I actually am going back to me is
tonight so it's like not a big deal but
yeah just yeah so I'm going to sit here
on the floor and do my makeup okay let's
do this look hashtag full mullet ready 1
2 3
wow this is the look cuz that's we went
to post day aka my everyday look just
using Ashley's makeup product pass them
into a concert so she's editing her blog
this jason Derulo's dancers in the
street okay so we are currently about to
film at my intro for my school morning
routine which is exciting I have a full
like behind the scenes of log of that
you guys didn't see that you should
watch it so we're finishing up filming
it today and I'm
and Joe fun fact I always sit on pillows
when I film so that way I can be a
little taller because that way it works
better with the camera angle and stuff
so you wouldn't know that unless you
watched my vlog
can you please log for me thanks so
today I'm gonna be um so today I have an
exciting video for you and that would be
in the video flow anyways today is my
school um anyways today I have another
morning routine for you and it is my
school morning routine which I love
watching these having some raspberry tea
my crystallite tea its amazement I love
it Allah so he films at the intro and it
turned out really well I was happy with
the lighting and stuff and now we're
twins who filmed the last few shots of
this video and I'm really excited to get
it done mmm this is extra good probably
cuz I haven't had it in a few days it's
like I look like I have no eyebrows
today Hey look that's me
we be filming huh whoa what do you do a
little one are you just hanging with us
today so we are currently filming trying
to find a good angle of my jacket Oh
Disneyland to annoy and I'm not moving
then and in the audience clothes takes
Chloe oh my gosh hi hi someone to play
huh someone wants to play so update time
to time is it is currently at 6:10 p.m.
it does not even feel like that I got
such a late starting today it honestly
feels like it's like three or four maybe
and no it's like six but yeah anyways
Ashley and Taryn left for Disneyland I'm
so is that I'm gonna go in so I've just
been editing here this week's video and
I'm like so tired guys and I already had
coffee today honestly though I could
probably take a nap right now if I
really wanted to anyways I guess I can
show you guys a little sneak peek of
this video if you want to see that oh I
do okay that's like three nights I've
gone to bed at like two or three and
then having to wake up early it's okay
to stay up late if you get to sleep in
the next day but if you have to get up
early it sucks I don't know really no I
don't I don't know it's really up to you
guys but I think I'm gonna like watch TV
or something and just chill what sounds
really nice right now maybe I'll work on
like my thumbnail or something I like to
visit we are
getting some stoner we literally just
ask anyway tonight donut run California
there with Ava and Mickey and Mia
midnight doughnut run so we're literally
sitting here the parking lot eating
service this is so epic we could make
this a thing guys are all referring to
being a really fresh baby because it's
like
hi I know you I'm waiting
hey guys step as you can tell I'm back
at Mia's place because I took shower and
uh yeah I'm just going to start editing
this vlog and realize I haven't updated
you guys in a while Donuts was awesome
and fun and random and spontaneous yeah
I just wanted to start editing this and
I look very cute right now hey guys so I
just finished editing basically all of
this vlog so I just want to end it and
also tomorrow we are filming a really
exciting project it's actually our tour
which you guys know about you didn't
know I am going on tour so I'm gonna
have the link before you can get all of
the tickets and the description box
we're gonna be something a whole bunch
of stuff for that tomorrow so hopefully
I can vlog but I'm sure I'll be able to
but yeah anyways I love you guys so so
so so much and I will see you tomorrow
