girl went to the base place good morning
hey guys what's today what's today it's
currently 11 21 and shout to Gabby
because you are currently on my phone
haha so update if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog we are currently
staying at my parents house because they
are on an anniversary trip for the
weekend so we are like dog sitting house
sitting though it's me Ashley and then
teryn decided to come also so we were
just hanging out for today we have a
whole day and we're just kind of chillin
and on top of it it's like toad I woke
up and it was thunder lightning right hi
welcome to the plug hey sorry I kind of
like it cuz it feels just like a like it
I don't know like a cozy rainy day like
I don't know it's just different and I
love it also I uploaded my video last
night it's life hacks for back-to-school
so I'm gonna have that video link and
the down bar you guys can watch it or if
you've already seen it then you should
totally go watch it twice or three times
or four times and I will love you even
more
that's kidding I'll still love you if
you only watched it once or even if you
didn't like watch it I will still love
you also I actually got him decently
early I got about eight today and the
most productive thing I've done besides
uploading at are editing and uploading a
vlog we've just been watching Jane the
Virgin for like a lot cuz I've already
watched a lot of this season so I wanted
teryn and Ashley watch it so they were
watching it from the beginning and we
just watched like I don't know eight
episodes or something
what are we doing today wait wait guys
can we have a team meeting what do we
are we going out to lunch yes
then where are we going uh Thai food or
like a cute little cafe or a Thai food
or what else is like the dirty blue btob
and for you are back there
I am so not here
oh I'll tell you baby it was easy coming
begging to you once I figured it boom
and we're ready hey guys so we are on
our way to lunch and I think we're going
to get Thai food yeah is that okay with
you
so we're going to do that and and yeah
that's what we're doing and I'm really
excited because I love this Thai place
I've been here a few times but like I've
been here in a really really really long
time
shout-out to the subscriber who made
this for me it's super cute we have some
Thai food and we got some soup which is
Bom
it's bomb then I got some pad thai just
amazed miss your guys it hasn't come yet
it'll be 101 dalmatians what I went why
is it raining it's okay we need it we're
like in a drought you gotta live with
the bad
in continuation of the first vlog take
over and I know you can get it I'm not
really who I am okay let me think there
are anyways who things Ashley and
Terrence should start a channel
the same vlog no no no let's just do
blog take long
what is going on right now
Rhys is a receipt Reesa Reesa Reesa
Reesa like resist like receive candy
it's recent candy its reason it's risk
we are now in stater brothers we're
getting some stuff because we want to
bake look at this I need a fake we need
some marshmallows Malon marshmallows oh
we got the gun
come now go go go and we're seeing oh
hey there Lina Oh what you doing it
might be fun what is our baking project
called today
anyone who in Sunday school have you
heard of resurrection run upon to action
role yeah first up you taste your
marshmallow there's many of them all oh
mercy take the mouse button did you take
it and put it in cinnamon sugar
hala just like this then you take your
pillows berry croissant rolls
great technique thank you pinch the end
continued go see what the dog is in
doing ah yeah hello do good tongue good
job
can I talk over here we have no money
good dog
why ninja sister moment oh do it like
everyone excited to become a sister and
they adopted me we did because every
joke starts with so there was a blonde a
brunette and a red oh right they're
ready are you struggling turn we've been
watching it Jane the virgin all day I
love this show oh snap
boo they're like little donut things are
so good oh snap
they probably think we only ate today
very much did we had dinner and now
we're having to serve and you can't come
to BJ's hey guys so if you can't tell
I'm already back at my apartment and
stuff so we came over here I totally
fell asleep at my parents house or on
the couch and then I fell asleep on the
way back here too so um that's why I
have a beautiful-looking but I will see
you guys tomorrow and I love you guys so
so so so much and yeah
