hey guys so today is Friday Friday July
3rd because tomorrow is the 4th which is
exciting first of all I'm gonna save the
obvious we saw yesterday's vlog you
would know that I slept in this shirt
and I'm wearing it again today and we're
just not gonna judge me for that cake ok
cool because I know you've done this to
you before yes
don't push me don't judge me my dad is
here say hi dad so I'm very happy
uploading at my blog right now is
uploading 5 minutes remaining
check it and Starbucks adventures hallo
so it has a couple minutes left until
it's up it's just processing right now
and yeah I wasn't gonna vlog and then I
have that moment again like I did
yesterday like Alicia you should just do
it because cuz why not we're gonna go to
the mall because Ashley needs her
computer fixed we have to go to Apple
and then we're gonna film and then I'm
just gonna come back here and edit as
much as I keep everything I'm just gonna
add everything because its upload day
you guys know upload days are very crazy
so so yeah but Starbucks makes it so
much better
I'm just gonna wait for like two minutes
for this to be up and then we can go
third filming oh look at them lashes
lashes be on fleek there's a smudge on
my camera
I think it's cuz yesterday cuz Ken
totally like hit it with his nose oh is
that better
hi khlo you look so pretty today you
smell really bad though so money is my
name ma she's game yay a blog is up
you're running out the door we're gonna
go to the mall and gonna go film and
look
the moment absolutely loving it yeah
yeah I'm obsessive star bees obsessed
with star beam cuz it's really yummy
yeah in my tummy
I am legit so weird why are you guys
friends with me and yes I consider you
guys my friends even though most of us
haven't even met Prince
we're totally like BFF friends so we are
now at the mall tell me we got so Apple
didn't really work out because it was
really really crowded really bright
right now super bright okay but I was
really bad and I stopped by the
Victoria's Secret cuz yeah that happened
so I got some goodies and I know I know
some of you don't like when I do the
same stuff all the time for instance
going to target in Starbucks and
Victoria's Secret and all the same stuff
though sorry if my vlogs kind of are a
little
so we are at where are we done we're
ready now we I really hungry so we tell
you spit it out because and that amazing
it's currently 156 i watch videos or
vlogs and someone says the time I'm
always like what did i do during them I
guess canal like at 150 sites at least
it ended up with her dad double double
double doubles bad could get going now
like me you guys do you like my rapping
I noticed I do it a lot like every vlog
I'm rapping something really we got a
double double and we got some cheese
fries
yes that looks so bomb oh my gosh I'm so
excited
okay so now I am so cool um and it's
currently 233 and we are going to binge
edit this video at least so much to do
this is basically what I'm gonna be
doing all night so update you guys in a
bit updates is now for 10 and I have
made a cocoon of blankets and pillows
honestly I've been here for a couple
hours now and yes that's going on
chillin here
I feel quite a bit to do a final editing
and then my voiceover and my intro to do
so I gotta do that dosnt intense intense
intense you bring gear
we gotta keep the cops right
Taryn is literally amazing she texts me
earlier because there's like a fourth of
July thing like in our city that's her
in her family are going to and they're
like hey like do you want to come and I
was like oh my gosh I wish I could have
so much editing like literally I'll be
here all day
oh you want me to bring you Starbucks I
was like oh my friends know me so well
cute Chloe come here no Chloe come here
wait look who got it bad but muggy we
gotta try you update it is 622 still
editing watching the Cardinal game
update is now exactly 7 o'clock p.m.
still and my cocoon of blankets and
editing this as you can tell the
Lighting's change it means later oh I'm
really happy I am pretty sure fingers
crossed I only have my voice over to do
last left last left so that's exciting
except sometimes voiceovers can take me
a while sometimes I get some time really
fast they're very like sometimes they
knock it out in like 20 minutes which is
amazing sometimes I'll take an hour and
it's only 7 like this is good good guys
good hey guys okay so obviously I moved
to my room moved out of my cocoon of
blankets so I guess I'm going to start
my voice over no just exciting it's
blessing afternoon I'm really frightened
however before I start I was just
reading some comments on my blog that I
uploaded today
I remembered how in yesterday's vlog I
told you guys how someone tried to steal
my purse no joke um and everyone was
like oh my gosh tell me long story short
I tend to ramble so I'm going to try to
say this fast the other night Taryn and
I went out to earth cafe the one on
Beverly Boulevard
I think is that one so the way we were
sitting it was like Taryn and then
across was me and then behind us like it
was just like a two seater on like table
and then behind us so like to my back
was another two table so basically me
and someone are sitting like like
back-to-back if that makes sense and the
place in general is just pretty small so
um even though we're like back-to-back
we're like almost literally back to that
like arte our chairs are probably
touching just just like really tight so
I was gonna put my purse on my chair
like you know
do I spit on like the handle of the
chair like up top but the person I had
to have no zipper it's just kind of like
an open bucket so I was like you know
what I feel like I feel really sketched
putting it there I feel like it's safer
to put it like really close by my feet
on the floor time goes by I'm talking to
Tara next thing I know I look up and she
like is looking really concerned and she
says very loudly like leave it where's
your purse I know if you didn't know my
nickname is Lita so I back up and I look
by my feet it's not there I look next to
my feet I look more under the table it's
not there then I turn around I see it
behind me like kind of like ran into
some rain and obviously like I did not
put it there like I knew I didn't put it
there
it's literally behind me on the whole
opposite side of where I even put it
like there's no way it could have gotten
there I look up and Tarin's like
standing up and then next thing we know
like the guys who were sitting behind us
book it out of the restaurant like what
just happened and then Taryn tells me
like she got a bad vibe from these
people like the second that they sat
down and he said the guy who is
back-to-back with me like acted like he
was reaching in his jacket pocket
apparently he like opened his jacket and
use this his other hand and like reaches
do grabs my purse slides it and then he
switches to go to this side to do the
same thing and that you'd figure like we
would have noticed but again the place
is so small and like tight that like I
don't know like we just didn't notice
and it's so weird because like I'm not
just saying this like I really am like
street smart and stuff like for instance
I put it by my feet cuz I thought that'd
be safer like I think of this stuff all
the time so the fact that that happened
I was just like what the heck like
that's so crazy my wallet was there my
keys were there the main thing that went
in my head right away was my keys like
my car I was like oh my gosh my car's
here like what am I gonna do I think I
had like 20 dollars of cash in my wallet
so I wouldn't have even like lost much
that way thank God everything was there
they didn't actually take it so the
moral of this story is to just be smart
and put your purse on your lap when
you're in restaurants don't trust the
chair don't trust the floor don't trust
people I'm kidding anyway he's I'm going
to finish my voiceover and hopefully
upload this video tonight
I'm so excited voiceover here we go I
always mess up so don't laugh at me guys
do not laugh at me
now I don't know if this is just me but
I really like having a separate bag when
I go to the pool to carry my sunblock
and my sunscreen and lip balm and stuff
not necessarily carrying a purse if that
makes sense anyways so let's see what's
inside my essentials bag first is some
Sun
glasses and I really like carrying cheap
sunglasses because when I'm in the water
I actually like wearing them and I don't
want to ruin it by really nice one boom
oh my gosh I actually did that one take
boom holla let's even sound good
now I don't know what this is just
hitting my voice back mom and stuff not
necessarily carrying a purse if that
makes sense anyway so let's see what's
inside you guys being gay I'm done with
the action oh I think oh well I'm done
with the voiceover and I think I'm done
with the entire body so excited times
okay and it's only 8:30 currently ready
there we go
yeah
yay okay so the video is finally up it
is currently 1038 I just want to say it
one up maybe like half an hour ago ish
afterwards I was so dead and exhausted I
was like I need to take a shower and
just like chillax you know I mean so go
watch it and please do me a favor and
take note of just like the thumbnail on
the end show I actually spent a little
longer like time on those I'd appreciate
it if you guys like took like two
seconds and just like like stared at it
or something also shout out to you at
the sub you who gave me this shirt when
I was in London because I love it and I
love your a secret and you guys know
that and it's from London wears all of
them I'm going to maybe watch some TV
and then go to bed I love you guys so so
so so much and I'll see you there bye
