good morning oh good morning guys so
today is is May 17th and yeah so as you
can see I shower so I decided I wanted
log today because I love you guys and I
love blogging actually didn't vlog
yesterday because all I did was edit I
actually I slept in till 12 o'clock I
haven't done that in forever it's so
crazy like I I guess I'm just like
exhausted so that happened then I just
edited and uploaded get that day
yesterday so that's all that I have that
I'm over here that's all that happened
and not why didn't vlog so Tim wait what
are you doing what are you doing Ben my
little chunky monkey you were so cute
anyways well things so yeah so now I'm
currently uploading Friday's vlog as you
can see and it's basically like a behind
the scenes of filming my what to do when
you're bored in summer video but
uploaded that last night yeah thing so
if you haven't watched that video you
should go watch that and then watch the
behind the scenes vlog really happy with
how it turned out I thought it was
really fun and different than what I've
normally do and yeah anyways
so I'm sitting here on the couch got the
coffee félicité real what else is new
and like I said I'm uploading my blog
and I was just about to watch some
YouTube videos on the TV while I do
that's uh my makeup I've mentioned it
before but lately I have been doing my
makeup just like sitting here on the
couch or sitting there on the floor and
in that mirror and then I have this me
right here I don't know why I like I
have my bathroom but I just like I don't
like standing when I do my makeup like
it just I don't know I'm really lazy I
guess you could say yeah that's pretty
lazy like I just don't like sad like I'd
rather sit and watch YouTube videos so
lately I don't know why but I've just
been sitting here doing my makeup Monica
let's watch Monica my usual okay let's
do this I really achieve with YouTube
lately I've been using the covergirl
outlast stay fabulous 3 in 1 foundation
it's like completely out I need to go to
Target get some more because
like I'm scraping the bottle whoa Pew
blog is up super exciting day literally
just went up so I always liked it and
then I go add two recent up the boom and
then I comment better yeah I can't type
with one hand okay
so update time so as most of you know
are some of you may be Ashley and I are
actually going to beautycon London this
week crazy oh my gosh I am so excited
it's like so so so so so excited it's
gonna be so much fun
I have a lot to do up until then so the
next couple of logs are definite
definitely my head definitely gonna be
me like preparing and getting ready for
the trip but I love those types of vlog
so hopefully you guys like those too so
be prepared to see a lot of those so
right now Ashley you're actually gonna
go to the mall because I have no idea
what I'm wearing so hopefully I couldn't
find an outfit for that and then I
really need to get my eyebrows done and
then I think I'm gonna get a pedicure
Ashley wants to get her nails done and
then maybe Target today maybe that's
that that'll probably that'll probably
be another day for like the like
odds-and-ends type of things that we
need but yeah that's what's going on
right now
would you like an OOTD yes okay pretty
basic I'm just wearing this t-shirt
dress bitch is from brandy melville I
don't think about that for a second I
love this thing I worked so much and
then under it I'm wearing this like
dress slip that's from foreign exchange
and I feel like it just kind of like
girl of eyes it up a bit I'm definitely
more girly I don't know I just I really
like it it's a little little cuter I
think and that's kind of it and I'm
wearing my never fool and my shoes are
from Steve Madden favorite shoe store
hands-down
and then I don't really have time to
make a full-on meal for lunch so I just
made a shake
cuz chocolate peanut butter shake why
not it take to go yeah still a bit weird
though
okay wait person mmm that's good
haiku babes bike club babes check this
out brand new ice Baker's hours and I'm
really really really happy
again mixed berry bacon really good
they're so long you guys have to you
what you're right in
Pease get angry do that I don't want
this leg flooding is way better so
you're headed to the mall right now
hoping to find an outfit for beautycon
yeah go whoa
cheater Oh brandy melville now Nordstrom
since when
oh my gosh cute cute do you like the
bezel I like material I feel like that
would be awkward like always
yeah I really didn't even think of that
I think that's so apparently brandy
melville is sold at Nordstrom now so
grab the tops which I really like
because I need more like white crop tops
so we're getting that and we're both
looking for like a satchel bag like this
you don't like the bucket kind not
necessarily one like gold use on the
planes a bit too close
yeah no I got you
we're so crowded
okay so two toys secrets in foreign
exchange in much actually quite a bit uh
oh my gosh
awkward moment when people think you're
taking selfies and not vlogging huh yes
also missing viewers okay you're
watching this 59
I love everyone on I think they're so
pretty like that and the true secret
like each other
Hey so we are fooled Wendy my dress was
like blown up I think Panera brown
curved around
Panera found or somewhere bound us what
to say hungry hen may that my card oh
okay so we decided to come to Panera I
am so excited are you excited
Ashley antsy I'm so hungry
it always looks so good you guys I'm so
sad Panera doesn't have my power chicken
power I can sit powered you can promise
ball anymore and I'm
you guys look like my favorite so I
tried the Mediterranean kale quinoa
salad will do good good you can eat know
my weight you know so then what are we
doing I think we're going to t.j.maxx
after so we can find that some boots
good lighting
ok so I got the mediterranean cahill and
quinoa salad but I got no olives and no
almonds on it and then the dressing on
the side
and then I got a bagel because Panera
bagels are bomb
we're at the bank star babe
Marvin and I completely changed it up mi
got a refresher I've never had these
before but they seem really good
Halle let's see if it's good taste hats
or drink test zip test taste test here
we go don't bring it now it's the
raspberry pomegranate and this was the
only one left in this flavor I'm hoping
that that means it's good that means
that other people like it small seven oh
my gosh it's good good grape soda it
tastes so familiar it really does go go
go with just the right amount of energy
this sparkling pick-me-up contains a
blend of real fruit juice vitamins just
sing a natural caffeine from green
coffee extract what is that oh this darn
t.j.maxx time where are we
t.j.maxx honeymoon it had nothing I
found some stuff not sure if I'm gonna
get it there's this dress and then
there's this dress and then just a white
a white t-shirt so yeah maybe maybe I'll
maybe maybe not so like 20 months so
something I should just get them but I
gotta wear them then it's a waste of 20
bucks which could be like five priority
not prioritizing like guys hey guys
so up to date time is now like almost no
it's been definitely midnight now 12:20
I am as you can see I was just getting
ready to go to bed Hannah was a fail
family of her fifth I kind of was a
failure as logging tonight I like after
we came home Ashley I just like did a
whole bunch of homework and stuff I had
an essay a quiz
I've been another assignment to do and
then I was I have a thought Lisa get up
go grab your blog camera and walk a
little bit I was like we'll do that
later and that just never happened
also if you guys won't see a haul of
what I got shopping today then like this
video let me know in the comments and in
tomorrow's vlog I will definitely show
you what I got got some of them cute
stuff I do have to say but uh but yeah
I'm gonna say goodbye I love you guys so
so so so so much
and I'll see you next time bye
