good morning everyone hello what's up
pretty sure this is part two of this
vlog we got our coffee amazing so
today's a very busy day for me I have a
lot going on I told you guys yesterday
that I'm leaving for a trip and it's not
just your average trip I'm actually
going to New Zealand
tonight which is crazy still hasn't
really hidden at all I haven't even
packed I have a lot to do it was a very
last-minute thing so yeah I am really
excited it's last-minute business thing
I don't know what I can say and what I
can't say long story short Remy and I
are going and we're vlogging but I know
I know I'm not even sure if I can vlog
the actual trip so I may have to end it
tonight and then my next dog will be
when I'm back home I have no idea have
to talk to people and see what we can do
like that's crazy I've never done
anything like this in my life before and
it was super last-minute and I wasn't
gonna do it because I'm really busy and
I have really big stuff happening coming
out I was like you know what we got to
do it we gotta hustle we're going to
news so anyways I have a lot of editing
I have to get done today I have a little
bit of filming I'd like to do also
desperately desperately have to get my
nails done you guys may not be able to
tell but my nails are actually like
splitting so bad so that sucks and I
really don't want to have to go get my
nails done because I swear it always
takes like two hours we got to do that
to you to leave here around five ish so
that's the plans for the day great I
don't I don't know where to start
oh I do this way too often so excited to
actually want to start packing for New
Zealand right now i hooked normally i
wouldn't take my time and do it right
before it before i leave for the airport
but i want just like get it done with I
feel like I'd be easier
so let's pack I have no idea what the
weather's like at all I think it's
supposed to be like kind of chilly
actually even though I think it's almost
there summer so I think it's spring
there right now that's crazy to me okay
anyway um I don't know if you guys
remember I would definitely blogged
about this but I bought this jacket at
an urban outfitters store and it was on
clearance and I've yet to wear it
because it's pretty warm but it was
normally are you are you ready for this
yo it was normally $80 and I got it for
$30 but then they had an additional sale
so I'm pretty sure I got it for like $20
I want to say I think I'm gonna bring
this cuz you bring my hoodie I wear this
hoodie underneath with I can wear on the
plane
okay I honestly realize I I should look
up how should look up the weather for
where I'm going because I don't know
what I'm hacking hey Siri what's the
weather like in Auckland New Zealand
this week the forecast is calling for
rain in Auckland New Zealand between
today and Sunday
60 degrees okay good to know I guess
that means I'm packing a rain jacket
it's not even noon and it's already my
second cup of the day I didn't finish my
first one that's what I always do and
it's also found like a creamer type of
day okay did you say you needed help
ash I'm coming CT nurse did I ever show
you the show did I ever show them the
shelves oh you guys okay redo and we
finally have the shelves up and I'm so
excited because I feel like it adds so
much like for real for real for real
I get ads so much love that the only
thing is all of these ones were too big
to put up there I feel like we probably
should have had it a little lower but
like it's cool frames but I initially I
wanted it to all look like this or
there's just a whole bunch of frames
here and a whole bunch of frames here so
I'm going to get some smaller ones but
that's cool just let you figure out
where to put these now yeah anyways
hello what's so wrong what is wrong
Orange
how do I look ash needed help setting up
what are you filming oh wow
yeah I would love one okay up tea
unpacking we are making some progress
I'm gonna chill for a second because I
have a thumbnail I need to do so let's
do that do you want to get food and
you're done or posts me
I also I think we do have stuff here
though okay well I'm gonna go edit have
fun filming bye okay so literally only
maybe two hours later but we finally
finally just kidding it was more like an
hour finally got the thumbnail done this
video is going up Saturday November 1 so
look at your calendar right now is it
September Wow oh my god I suck clearly I
don't know what day or month or time or
a year it is so long story short go
watch the video anyways I feel like I
should finish go pack finish go pack I
feel like I should go finish packing
also my hair's getting so long I need a
haircut really bad I'm starting to look
like J Biebs again okay guys I think
we're finally packed it is a short trip
so like I said we come back Saturday oh
yeah update time 6:30 7:00 p.m. it's
currently 6:30 7 p.m. Graham and I are
at the airport
hello I said we were going on an
exciting my battery's gonna die no
charge hey I've no anyway so long story
short we're back at the airport we live
here also she usually never comes cute
no offense I was like why do you look so
cute I'm going looking so I have no idea
if you can hear me because the
is really loud but we just had my seat
also so exhausted I'm so excited to go
so I'm probably just gonna in this
ballgame but I'm gonna take off my
makeup anyway don't let me go so much
I'll see you guys the new boxing
