hey guys so today is Tuesday and it is
currently 103 p.m. I had kind of a
productive morning ish not no definitely
not
I mean okay so currently I'm trying to
upload it yesterday's vlog I don't know
what is going on but it has literally
taken me like three or four tries every
now and then our Wi-Fi will be kind of
slow but it's weird cause like we have
supposably the best one but it's like
we'll be stupid like this a lot finally
I think it's working I had to switch
browsers twice now it says eight minutes
remaining so cross your fingers that
this works come on vlog you can do it I
believe in you but yeah in my morning so
far I got ready that's what's kind of
good right Ashley should be home any
minute from school not me and in like
half an hour and we're gonna film and
then hopefully tonight we can do
something fun whether that's like the
jacuzzi or go to dinner or something I
don't know well we shall see if anything
yesterday and I actually got quite a bit
done Paula really excited what are you
doing why is your bed out here it's like
she chose the blue one because she's
wearing her blue bows okay
she went to see Danny let's be to go for
a walk okay
I love how her toys are like everywhere
there's three there there's one day her
beds out here you're too much
I can't handle you sit girl go get it
what is my hair doing let's try to fix
up do I made some lunch we have some
chicken and spinach and zucchini good
this is my wonderful magic youtube
notebook where i have all of my love the
ideas and everything personally I think
every youtubers you have a huge tube
notebook where you just put down all
your ideas and any thing just because it
helps so much if you're like me I mean I
need that like I just so that mmm-hmm
probably really boring for you guys to
watch me so I was you know ii okay okay
so we are currently heading to the pool
right now i'm gonna get some shots done
there I'm so good I'm like ahead of my
game I thought I had still a lot more to
do without school video that's going up
this week no it's done basic I mean it's
not done but like the filming shots part
is done if that make sense so I'm really
excited about that I'm gonna edit that's
night and then we're gonna get ahead of
the game and start filming in my next
video after that so excited right now so
that's why I'm all like Pula fide if
you're wondering are you ready Cano oh
we have our harness good
so we are now here we'll the pools over
there but we're kind of like out here at
the little like whole area pool area and
we got some filming done not like to to
too much but enough and not like it's
just been fun being outside nice to get
outside of the house for a change
oh my gosh and you guys mix it I feel
like such a bad mom story time so it's
Chloe's first time like out here we
decided to bring her she's starting to
get really sassy where like she does not
like she barks at everyone and we're
like no Chloe we don't want you to be
that dog so where do we need to like get
her like out and about like doing things
you know I'm sad to bring her hey see
this is what I'm talking about
sassy pants when we got here I was like
hey I should like walk her around like
the pool area and you know like
everything just so she can get like like
smell around and get used to it because
we really want her to like start coming
out here with us just watch her long
story short you didn't realize what a
pool is she's never been to a pool like
not her fall art fall he's on the leash
and her harness I was just walking her
around and I started walking I turned
around to start walking back towards
where we were like where Ashley was
which was across the pool I just bolted
like thinking that the pool was the
ground like she just started like
running towards and I was I tried to
stop her I was like Chloe
oh really like just fell into the pool I
felt so bad like luckily she was fine
she was totally fine like she was
completely fine she had her harness and
stuff so I just literally just like
picked her out and she was in there for
like literally two seconds luckily we
had the towel because I was filming with
it so we just wrapped her up and let her
sickness on it and get all better so
she's totally fine see I'm fine now we
all dry yes make it better she just was
not the groomers the other day so we
have to give her a bath because chlorine
is not good for her again I'm guessing
so we have to give her bath tonight I'm
just so sad
let me hear both still state it Ashley
was like colori huh we're good so now
we're filming and there's people and the
right there and there's like right next
the window so I'm sure they can see all
of this happening they're like what just
crazy girl doing are we good
you still think you're so fierce though
any time anyone walks by she's like oh I
think later we're gonna go to Target I
need a new concealer and face wipes I
think actually I think I'm okay with
that
just like some random stuff of course so
we'll see what I get
oh and I was like a new bathing suit too
and then I also need to go to Victoria's
Secret because I have a coupon so I want
to use that little shopping later get
some food right now so I changed hands I
made a smoothie I'm gonna call it a
shake I'm gonna call this video calls
shake basically a Reese's smoothie which
is like heaven guys what do I title this
Instagram post I have no idea do you see
my hair right now there's probably like
that the whole time wasn't it why don't
you guys tell me come on guys come on
okay so we are on our way to the mall
right now but I have a couple things
that I want to get but mostly main
reason why I want to go you guys I am so
embarrassed
just to like even show this okay so if
you didn't know Mac has a what they call
back to Mac program basically you can
recycle like for every six items that
count for their back to macking which is
basically everything for the most part
anything in a plastic container yeah
anything in like a plastic container and
you bring back six of those empty or
full or whatever they'll give you one
free item whether it's an eyeshadow
lipstick or lip gloss okay at the stores
all three at some departments the only a
lipstick point is remember not too long
ago when I guys showed you when I guys
showed you whoa I'm thought of it I
showed it you guys on my new makeup
collection and that I like got rid of
most of my makeup well I am I have two
full bags of Mac stuff that is good to
back to Mac keep in mind I have been
collecting makeup since my freshman year
of high school which was forever ago so
most of this is literally just like
expired like no other
super super old so it's not even like
I'm just like wasting it and very singly
walking to Mac
both of these and be like yo I got some
stuff to back to Mac I'm curious how
many free things on it cuz I have six to
one this one's like completely almost
kind of Lola do you see this like this
is completely full there's so much stuff
in here and that one's mostly full bins
in Nordstrom didn't you want those
shorts from Topshop I will forever love
Nordstrom if it's like one of my
favorite stores oh hi there you're
looking cute today so many cute stuff oh
my gosh there's like no one here today
Oh Tuesday
oh my gosh I feel Sophia want me to help
you find it all again hey guys look cute
slip in here not like the lighter one
this is cute I got like what three
things for everyone there the kids cook
for we headed to a coke American even
slow
why dude what just happened
why Aeropostale clothes and American
Eagle pose what's up with them all
I suppose going under
I think I'm ready to go successful
shopping trip now we are going to find
some food because I'm so so hungry what
do you want goat cheese cake let's go to
Cheesecake Factory
oh I should put on my new lipstick and I
got two liners and like three lipsticks
oh oh my gosh you guys update on the
whole back to Mac thing right I guess
your techniques be only allowed two
back-to-back 24 items at a time that's
like their limit for each like visit
since Ashley's with me the girl was
really cool and she's like oh like I'll
let heard you 24 so that way we could do
like two of them which means we have I
had four left over 48 plus four that
means I had 52 items to back to Mac that
is crazy
cheesecake even though we're not getting
cheesecake Sirah Cheesecake Factory and
I got some salmon which looks at bomb
the green stuff looks weird it's just
pesto sauce don't worry I was like where
is it sorry they're pretty excited and
they turned on the heater favorite place
in the world
target target I don't know what it is I
think okay so today we went to a
different target and I've been here
before but like I've been here in a
while
and I swear like there's so much cute
stuff here it's really bad you guys
there's so much stuff here is this not
like such a cute lamp it could go right
behind the couch it was like so cute and
rising a Pixar dude orange is my color
because it makes you look so tan
I love it got that getting that
haven't gotten it yet but will so
normally I don't really care for targets
close because sometimes like they're
overpriced but I family is like just in
love okay so first one we working this
is my Jeb shirt I think it's so cute I
might as well like not wearing at the
dam well I like $12 getting some new
shoes because Chloe ate my other one
study concealer you consider we need
printer ink in a while okay I know you
guys say a shop all the times I've been
sorry
honestly oh it was no longer the gum
thing yeah but I didn't seriously those
targets like home stuff has been
stepping it up so much chain-link wall
storage she can hang your jewelry from
it that's so cute oh my gosh I got my
concealer pretty excited I needed a new
one so it was so bad and of course you
have to vlog and the makeup I'll because
lighting is all over target we thought
it'd be so fun to have like an Easter
egg hunt we're like we behind I know
well we could hide there for those like
around the whole place and then each
other would have to find it like that'd
be so funny like it's all I do there
look at that says that walk
ahsha's you're a runaway go go it's your
runway working work everyone over the
target stuff earlier so that was kind of
that part of the haul and I'm not going
to show you everything that I go today
shopping because I might might smite
keyword might do an actual home video if
you guys I don't know I don't know let
me know if you would watch it and you
stop to decide but we'll see anyways so
first let's go somebody got some their
stuff is this blue shirt which actually
Ashley was gonna buy and then she's like
oh I don't want to get to shirt I want
to get one and I was like yo I'll get
that one and you get that one and then
we can get both I have been loving like
really long
t-shirts lately 990 and then oh and then
I got this really cute um like just
plain white tank top but it's a crop and
I thought that was super cute I don't
know like I just I thought it was really
really cute so here's all the makeup
that I got today and literally I got all
of these for free all of them except for
the two lip liners because I actually
bought those oh my gosh
so I got three eyeshadows so Omega query
query is going to query I believe and
then blank type and all those are just
like matte eyeshadow and then we got
four lipsticks I actually have one so
the left one is hers and it's like a
really pretty red color and then I was
so daring and this looks like black
right now but I promise it's more like a
it's like a really pretty dark maroon
kind of color which is so so so pretty
kind of daring for me but we're going
for it and then we got angel which is
just a really pretty color and then we
also got creme Cup which looks just like
that and this changed things up I got a
lip lock and this is in the color angel
which I'm pretty sure is like the same
same color as the lipstick so that's
that's pretty cool some reason I really
been wanting to try lip liners because
that's one thing I've never really
mastered in any way shape or form so I
really wanted to get those so I want to
try one of these on right now the dark
brown huh we're going for guys are you
ready for the final reveal I know this
is totally like not me but it's kind of
fun I don't know it's really different
swag the lipstick is in the color media
and the spoken for is the lip liner if
you're wondering anyways I think I'm
gonna go get ready for bed basically
take this off which I just worked so
hard for I'm so cute why are you so cute
so I'm I sticks out and I'm ready for
bed and I'm so kind of awake so I think
I'm actually going to edit this vlog
right now at least part of it and then
go to bed so I'm gonna say goodbye I
love you awesome so so so so much and
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
