good morning guys I was like a fetus so
don't mind that but it's okay because
it's Christmas Eve which is like our
Christmas I don't know if you guys knew
this I mentioned it kind of like once or
twice before but Ashley's birthday is
actually on Christmas as long as I can
remember we've always had the tradition
of having like our Christmas on
Christmas Eve how can we open presents
and then on Christmas day it's just
Ashley's birthday so it's like party
Ashley's birthday makes them fun
tradition in our family and the parents
are here they hi family
Merry Christmas book club Monday Oh Baby
come say hi B look at that tail so we
bout to open up present oh my gosh my
gosh yes I so excited yeah so excited
yeah so I have faulted with me and
wearing my onesie and wearing my uggs
and
you got a sweater daddy Wow styling I
like it I always need new journals
clothes chillin away my bro this is from
Lena oh yeah you're welcome okay our
favorite Fonzie place right next to us
closed down so we've been having like a
crisis about it I could draw like no we
can go banana oh no it's a heated Sherpa
plush foot warmer you guys know I have
my foot problem
thank you I may use it when I edit
yes they made an agreement to knock at
each other Christmas presents and donate
to a homeless organization open that one
open that one that's from me I hope you
love this surprise from Leda ah no it
was so much fun I love Christmas
not even just like getting stuff we get
so excited to give each other presents
it's kind of ridiculous as you guys
probably saw so I got a little bit ready
and we are filming whoa I'm not gonna
lie that's definitely one of the pluses
to like our tradition of opening
presents on Christmas Eve I can actually
like take my time and enjoy opening
presents my family and then I can film
at my what I got for Christmas video
today and then tomorrow I can upload it
and still like enjoy Christmas which is
exciting you're definitely gonna see my
what I got for Christmas video up that's
because like I already had my Christmas
so does that makes it we still get to
like enjoy it just as much as everyone
else mom and dad left to go to the mall
to get my mom's watch sighs so I got my
onesie on with my Huggies and the Santa
hat Paula and we have a special guest in
this videos Chloe come on oh look at our
little Wang room - ah are you gonna make
an appearance in my videos and aren't a
PJ's together
this was her Christmas present are you
ready to start next door Merry Christmas
I love
I love all the holidays I love every
flick ha ha
these videos are hands-down my favorite
videos in the entire universe there's so
much math coolness to the bizarre just
happiness and cheerfulness
okay so filming is done I like it
mm-hmm yeah oh my god yeah so now I am
currently back in my robe and my
slippers I have no plans to leave today
do we have any plans oh no I'm Church
tonight dang I mean to have to change
Merc anyways this is right now I'm
currently editing and Ashley's not to
leave me the parents are getting
Chipotle for his halwa but I wanted to
talk to you guys about why I have been
gone from this vlog channel I tweeted
the other day like hey sorry but the
village blogs are not gonna be a bone
story short I ended up going to
Sacramento for three days two days two
and a half days point is one of our
really good friends is a boyfriend he's
actually been in a battling brain that's
a little little you cannot talk today
he's actually been battling a brain
cancer for the past year a little over a
year and he recently passed away so we
went up for the funeral and just to be
with her and comfort her and just kind
of show love and stuff I just did not
feel like it was appropriate to be
blogging I personally did not know him
obviously was still a really sad thing I
did long story short
obviously like being there for our
friend was more important to me than
vlogging how it should be so that's why
I was gone but what's so awesome is
knowing that like you guys were so
supportive I didn't even give you like
details I just tweeted out there like
hey like something came up so just pray
for her family and for her and stuff but
I have a surprise for you that will
probably be up soon to make up for all
the missed vlogs so yeah I'm kind of
excited for that okay here is what I
think the thumbnail is going to be face
book folks okay Almighty stop okay cool
so I gave you guys a little sneak peek
on Twitter saying that I'm uploading
tomorrow and I mentioned that there's a
little present up and for you guys
speaking of if you are not spelling me
on Twitter you totally should be there
is math info yo yeah so with the parents
are they
target right now because you had to get
actually birthday in the morning
streamers and balloons and what still we
have got that which is exciting so Chloe
and I are chilling it is pretty late and
it's pretty late it's like 11:00
something I am currently watching that
I'm too much
Oh which is probably probably a little
odd so I'm sorry about that so I just
now finished editing my what I got for
Christmas video so that will be up in
the morning which I'm so excited for you
guys to see really guys like it I'm back
in my unbelievably comfy rope man
Oh - fun oh yes so I am getting ready to
go to bed so I wanted to end the vlog
tomorrow is Christmas it's your birthday
Ashley are you so excited
hey but yeah I hope you guys like this
video and I will see you guys later bye
