hey guys and happy vlogmas oh my gosh is
vlogmas day 1 if you do not know what
vlogmas is it's basically where a lot of
us youtubers do it and you vlog every
single day until Christmas so it's
basically 25 blogs like a daily elite
craziness so it's gonna be awesome I'm
really really excited and try my hardest
to do every single day however I'm not
gonna like hate myself if I don't upload
a day just because I would much rather
focus on my other channel so if you're
excited for vlogmas thumbs up this video
let me know in the comments and yeah
it's gonna be so much fun
let's see what today has in store for us
apparently I'm going to make coffee
because I have not had any today yet it
is almost 12:00 man I thought I was
having a productive morning but
apparently not actually actually has
class right now and she dropped Chloe
off at the groomers so I'm waiting for
them to call me and tell me when she's
ready to get picked up she's gonna look
so we are having a doughnut shop blend
today generic brand for the win cuz it's
cheaper yeah so excited I'm gonna take
advantage of these cyber monday sales
going on right now because he doesn't
like shopping you know it's funny lately
like the past week I have been in such
an online shopping mood like no other
and it's crazy like I wish it was really
random cuz normally I prefer shopping in
store but lately I've just been like I
just want a cuddle in bed with my coffee
and my PJs and do some online shopping
so it totally worked out being like the
week of Cyber Monday and Black Friday
and stuff so I already placed two orders
last night one on Urban Outfitters so I
bought some shoes and two pairs of socks
for like a hundred dollars which was a
really good deal and then I placed an
order on Victoria's Secret online of
course you guys know I love Victoria
Secret pink it's like heaven to me but I
was really bummed because I just like
checked out so fast because things were
selling out and I forgot to put in like
two promo codes where I got some free
stuff so like day so I might make
another order on there if they have some
stuff left I'm trying to think of like
other stores that I shop at I don't know
like I haven't really online shopped in
a while so I'm trying to
of the stories that I'm like oh I need a
shop there let's be real I don't need to
do any of this shopping in reality I
should totally get some my Christmas
shopping done yeah should do that
okay so currently you drinking my coffee
yeah and shopping online and like I said
I think I said earlier um okay so like I
predicted I'm back on the curry a secret
I'll show you what I found
let me know if this is cute or not so I
found this top and it's like a really
cute pin it's like the it's like a
varsity like really baggy shirt but I
got it in like a teal color and then
this jacket button gray and this almost
like a hoodie so I prefer the zipper one
suspect which is why I got that but I
also really liked this one because it
was just like a hoodie and then some of
the leggings and they're like black and
grey which I thought was really cool I
think I'm gonna get rid of this guy
because I've much rather have a zipper
one and the place where Chloe is calling
so I should go into bag so I can go back
on my way to go get kazooie so excited
and it like rained all day yesterday and
even rained like last night like it's so
weird at least and I got it like every
bath they trimmed you up we got our
teeth arrived in Ohio we did not like it
did we you were still little they
trimmed you up all good look how can you
we are Oh y'all got all trimmed up we're
not raggedy anymore did you hate it
were you prissy were you staff C with
them I bet you were you little sassy
pants look at her little bow guys we
need to have a photo shoot Instagram to
you and the road racing starts hello
because you can hear like the bells
coming
I need to clean like my room the whole
apartment like everything's just really
messy and so I think I'm gonna do that's
right now and I also need to go through
my closet and like it give away a whole
bunch of clothes so maybe that's what
I'll do right now because there's no
room for my new clothes so I'm just like
okay I need to like give these away I'm
sure someone else could use them way
more than I can cyber monday has been a
great to me I made one too okay we
shopped at Victoria's Secret
we shopped at Urban Outfitters we
shopped at free people to the other day
I actually went through and got out a
lot of stuff that I want to give away
and then I still have like one and a
half more drawers to go through skirts I
use this in my Halloween the costume
thing I've had it for like five years
now it's time to tackle the closet
seriously I have so much clothes that
like I have tags almonds that I've never
worn and there's just taking up space
and like I said I feel like someone else
could use it way more than I can
so mezack we're just going to we're just
gonna get into it like just hardcore
let's do this so do to do to do to do
okay in this dress for sure toss I don't
even know how you're supposed to wear
this had the tag on it too oh my gosh I
got this for my spring lookbook I love
this dress I will wear it again soon I
totally forgot about that oh my gosh in
this dress do you have anyone worn it
yet sells the tag what the heck no Lita
this is not okay I love this dress but
it's kind of short so I think I'm going
to toss it yeah it's it's like it's way
too short
Murr okay as much as I love this halter
I've worn it so many times this past
summer but I feel like I was like worn
it out so it is a tough bitch ah I have
not worn this in the longest time ever I
think last year for back-to-school it
was the last time that I wore this one
is a toss haven't done shoes yet but I
think that might be another day just
because it's kind of crazy two full bags
later I have a lot more stuff to add to
the giveaway app I'll bring this over
here boom dude that I feel so good right
now
update and
pick up any get my hairs James mutt oh
we Khloe's here Maui that mammoth and me
me I forgot about scratchers we are
going to get some food because we are
very very very hungry and scratchers so
we are at and I got some veggie soup
that looks bomb tastic Mimi what you get
we're gonna eat and then volcania sness
is awesome and that's my new motto
so who knows what could happen or now we
could we go to Disney
oh my go to the beach of boba you do
watch this next Oh guys I'm having Oh
episode so good nose like caramel apples
what we get over here we have two
minutes spare until they close and so
close we are at Downtown Disney
spontaneousness is amazing
you decided since there were no caramel
apples yo why don't we just go to
Disneyland and get some because they
have literally the best kind the piece
is really bad because there's a red tie
affair
so we're coming jump on Disney this land
is closed as a half an hour ago but like
Anton is he still open for another 30
minutes they're like yo let's just go
and find him because that sounds awesome
why they don't walking with me
so
a standard because they come to standard
I reward myself a chocolate pretzel
you don't even know what you do know so
you saw me cry when I walked into the
freaking place so I ate Olaf's nose but
other than that we are about to we are
about to eat this magical mist oh he
can't remember are you loving life right
now is it just so magical
so magical and we're sitting in the most
magical downtown place as there ever is
guys it was so good I saw half of it
left off so we just found more magic
magic laughs frozen ice cream you guys
it's so pretty here hey hey this is my
blog hello
winter is a good time means summer and
I'll be everyone staring so it is now
1:32 a.m. and I just finished editing
today's vlog and I just going to say
buying this one I really hope you like
today's vlog and a day one of vlogmas
super exciting so I will see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog and I'll see
you guys later bye
