hey guys so today's Wednesday um and we
I'm so tired I've not had coffee yet
hopefully I can get some right now
because that's amazing but Kat is here
and we are going to get our nails done
because he's all jank like really I need
to feel so bad and this one broke like I
purposely purposely I've tried not to
show it in videos because it's badging
so I'll like switch hands if I'm showing
something or whatever so that's what's
going on but we went to the nail place
and it was not open yet so we're going
to go to target because it's right here
and I have stuff to get for filming
today because there's a lot of filming
today it really hoping to like be more
awake like it's not like Lita come on
wake up wake up target adventures numero
100 on this channel but you know but ok
the best I like coming here early too
because there's like not that any me
don't succeed oh my gosh oh my god how
much is it $1 is it legit $1 I will get
it back three bucks oh it isn't three
dollars this is a dollar section it's
been looking for legging gotten good I
want black for sure sweet these usually
have like the cutest boots
does like come they're really comfy that
is so cute oh my gosh I really really
want it so far I literally have it socks
tights to things with leggings and like
three pairs of gloves and those are cats
moccasins but really like I think it's
kind of obvious that's I want to be warm
I'm totally gonna go get a coffee right
now from Starbucks because I am you so
I'm gonna get coffee do you want some
okay boom
getting them they're so cute right oh my
gosh yes feel that they're so soft
they look so soft oh my gosh oh my god
which is like we're going to the beauty
section we have some concealer cover
these bad boy oh no we're going to get
coffee
option okay coffee yeah lighting is per
concealer but brent the Maybelline
rewind over here yes yeah yeah because I
liked how it looked just like plain yeah
I think I'm gonna get it I really need
one I purposely will left the jacket
like on top of some other random jackets
I was like if it's here when I come back
then Isis signed and it was here so is
that a sign that's a sign that something
yeah dude I need to start sighs and it
was my booze I should have gotten a cart
what up guys so we're back at the
apartment and I'm super exciting they
actually looks white now like before
they were definitely not so I'm kind of
excited about that yeah totally like
hardly any makeup on right now and then
I'll see you guys Hedi which is just a
French tip so it's like not that special
it had been away too long
so no more Jake nails and Ashley are
going to be filming but before that I
got to get a little more ready because
my hair is not ready and my face is not
ready Chloe what are you doing by my
purse huh you look like you were just
caught doing something or about to do
something
okay so we're filming some like beanie
shots and some boot shots and socks
shots so so we're doing we're getting a
whole bunch of like fashion essentials
and stuff filmed right now boom let's do
this beanie so like kind of close it up
and I'll just be like modeling the
beanie so having a quick lunch break
because is a lunchtime I made some a
healthy chicken fried rice which is
Ruthy bomb so excited for that I really
hope you guys like this video I don't
want it to be like to rush I don't know
I just I hope it's good um but yeah oh
hey oh hey what we do it we're putting
on tights right now we have two outfits
to film
dirty lies cause darling I'm a nightmare
dressed like a daydream so we're on our
way to like a little outdoor cute place
that has like a Christmas tree and stuff
to get all of the shots filmed there
because I was gonna go to a park but I
was like no this is winter themed it
needs to be like wintery
so hopefully like lighting is good I am
praying that lighting is good but like
I've told you before with the time
change like things are sketched new so
you don't really you don't even know you
can't trust the Sun anymore so yeah that
is what we're doing and then yeah and
then right now we're filming the two
outfits which we're gonna just like
hardcore like get them done my battery
is going to die
okay can I block long because that is
going down but should we found this
really cute ornamenting I thought that
was very wintery at Christmas esque so
we're gonna put on from outfits boom
here and yeah okay okay so as you can
tell I mean that's our sauce like they
turned all the lights on it that's it
looks really really pretty and I decided
that so it's bull
long story short I left a jacket at home
so there's no way of whelming that
tonight through door bowl so we're like
let's just wake up early tomorrow and
then I decided I'm just gonna edit on
the plane like I have to transfer the
whole files and everything from my
desktop to my laptop which is kind of a
pain which is why I was really hoping to
get everything done tonight um but I
think it's just not worth the stress of
staying up all night I'm that way I can
just edit on the plane the entire time
and I feel like it'll be a lot less just
full more time to edit that way it'll be
even more amazing
nutcrackers I posed next to them in the
video I was like these scare me so bad
right now
like how is that not scary just like
raah you but I remembered I haven't
shown you what I got from Target yet so
I figure don't do that now kind of like
a mini target haul I guess you could say
make sure you don't cover the mic like
last time so these are the boots that I
showed you and I am so excited for them
they're like lined inside I think
they're super cute they remind me of the
brown boots that Ashley has and I've
been looking for a pair of boots that
look just like hers but that are mine so
when I saw these I was like oh I really
really really want them and yeah so I
got those I got this black beanie
because I thought I didn't have a black
beanie but then epic fail I came home
and I was like wait I totally have one
but it's okay cuz these are really cute
they have them in like every single
color and then I found this scarf and it
was the only one that looks like this
and it totally reminded me of like Urban
Outfitters like it's really thick it's
really cozy and I just loved the print
of it and stuff so I saw that and
picture it with the boots I was like
okay I can totally see an outfit so I
got that um and then this was not
justifiable I got three pairs of gloves
I got these like teal ones and their
touch screen compatible some black ones
and both of these were only like three
dollars but then I got these and I think
these are closer to twelve but aren't
they so cute they're fingerless gloves
but then they're like mittens also if
you just unbutton that I thought they
were so cute then over here I got a pair
of leggings and they're like fleece
lines so inside they're super warm and
then I got a pair of tights and these
are also fleece lines so they're just
warmer tights and stuff and then I got
another pair of leggings and these I
don't know if you guys can tell but
they're actually like sweater material
leggings so they kind of look like just
footless tights but they're like really
thick um so I thought all of those would
be perfect for this weekend and then I
got another pair of socks but they're
just like plain grey socks but they're
super thick they're like really warm and
cozy
um and then random pack over here um I
got some a travel makeup wipes because
the Neutrogena wands are my favorites
and for traveling they're just like
small and easy to carry so as you guys
saw I got that's and I ended up getting
the UH like a brightener illuminating
one so I got that got some batteries
because my
headphones the worst thing ever is being
on a plane and you're like headphones
dying or just like no so I made sure to
get extra batteries and I believe that
is everything that I got oh no no duh
right here okay so I did end up getting
the jacket that you guys saw and I tried
it on and I loved it but then two
seconds later I realized that this one
is actually missing a button okay
so update I am currently packing Ashley
who's being amazing and helping me
because she's bested in the water Chloe
is trying to help but she's not helping
too much cuz you're so cute you just sit
there distract me we've made a lot of
progress everything was on here and now
it's in there oh my gosh I'm getting so
excited I have a feeling this is
definitely gonna be over 50 pounds or or
any of this my room is so messy right
now I think I have my outfits for the
plane figured out tomorrow I just need a
shirt to go with it what are you doing
what are you doing it is currently for
49 a.m. and I am still up and I don't
know why I am still up I have been crazy
editing because they really wanted to
get this video done around like twelve
thirty one I was like okay I should
probably go to bed you know I can get up
early just edit on the plane all day but
then it hit me and I was like we I'm
flying a different airline I'm not even
sure if they have outlets on this one
I'm sure enough my flight tomorrow does
not have outlets so I'm kind of bummed
about that the flights on like five
hours it's not too bad it'd be better if
my battery lasted that whole time
realistically it's only gonna last like
two to two and a half hours hopefully
three but I'm just transferring it over
to my laptop and yeah hey guys so I'm in
New Jersey which is exciting
um yesterday I got in I didn't vlog I
meant to have a vlog up the day I'll
walk and vlog I meant to have one up I'm
with ya
um yeah I didn't have one up yesterday
but it was like very unblock worthy so I
think so I have a key so we good it's
way too dark in here getting some food
oMG Broncos and x-ray
