hey it's a world it's me Evelyn in my
recent smacky oullette vlog I showed
y'all what I ate in a work week in an
attempt to save my coins and not wait so
much money eating at restaurants every
day spoiler alert I failed but in the
comments my internet cousins showed me
that I didn't feel because I'm a failure
I just fail because I was eating the
same thing every day and I didn't have
sufficient snacks so in this video I'm
going to show you a couple things I got
from Whole Foods y'all know I love my
boom chicka pop the colors just pop out
at your eyeballs and you just want to
pick it up just to see what it is and
then you see what it is you're like I
want that this flavor is caramel and
cheddar this flavor is sweet and spicy
mmm I got human in it this is giving me
Mississippi masala the next snack is
available in Whole Foods but it was
actually sent to me by saffron Road
seasoned chickpea snacks I hollered at
them told him about smack yo lip I
thought they were just going to send me
a bag they sent me a box you know my cup
runneth over with chickpeas organic
chickpeas they're non-gmo gluten-free I
and hello happy Ramadan to my brothers
and sister so I was set five varieties
they're just peas chickpeas and
flavor does I'm so ready that tastes
just like falafel Chipotle mmm it's
flavorful yet not salty I hate my
company's confused flavor with salt
Korean barbecue it is so specific it's
giving me that soy sauce sweetness
Bombay spice daaad they would kind of
make it taste the same as falafel but it
says completely
this one has a lots of clothes what is
that it's not the smokiness Mesabi I
wasn't ready
Dallas ah beautiful favorite to wash
that down I'm gonna grab my next
favorite reads premium ginger brew
all-natural Jamaican style girl I know
ginger ale I know my Jamaican internet
cousins are gonna be in the comments
like buh buh buh there's a better one
whoop you know that's fine it's not
alcohol by the way it's just ginger ale
you have any suggestions on a different
brand I should try let me know in the
comments otherwise i'ma keep smacking my
lip my next snack is the 365 brand so
it's the Whole Foods house brand is
basically like a fruit roll-up but like
good for you it is USDA Organic and the
ingredients organic apples organic fruit
juice that's it I hate that they don't
have boxes of these or at least I can't
find them I feel like that shady I'm
have to buy one buy one what we've been
talking about I usually get strawberry
what flavor you want red it's summer so
I'm gonna try a stone fruit flavor peach
what it looks like it kind of looks like
beef jerky but it smells delicious oh my
god
mmm the final thing that I got from
Whole Foods be sweet lemonade with iced
tea she came out with a new flavor y'all
she's on summer vacation what were you
doing with your life be sweet lemonade
is created by Michaela who is a literal
child here in Austin Texas I want I
don't understand I drank me sweet
lemonade and I don't like honey I don't
like the taste of honey yet and still it
tastes so good to me
in the comments below let me know if
you've been trying any new food steps
and I will see you on the internet
somewhere it's hitting me in my wisdom
to the hole huh
