hey bro it's me Evelyn and these are my
thoughts about crow box body this counts
as a hashtag be gbv don't get it twisted
black girl beauty brand boo this box was
25 bucks including shipping in the box
there was the secret clinical strength
um clear gel deodorants hourly too much
use aluminum zirconium octa Glock delete
I didn't use this out the other and I do
use crystal hypoallergenic fragrance and
paraben free it has no aluminum
chlorohydrate you know it's real because
on the back it says you must apply this
to clean skin it's 5:30 you go on to a
little happy hour no sure can't use this
but I've been using it for years
I live in Austin Texas and it was fun
next up in the box was the
OGX argan oil of Morocco miracle in
shower oil now the fragrance kind of
nauseating I'm one of those people who
likes to smell like either desert or
patchouli like essential oils of the
earth or I like to smell like chocolate
cake I don't really like perfume smells
that much and so after using this a
couple times it would fill my shower and
it's hot and steamy it will give me like
me I do love the bottle the way it goes
on like this I love this container as
far as the product itself this product
is made of silicones the first
ingredient is cyclo tricycle girl I
don't know I think this hair serum and
slip-and-slide product on a molecular
level day the same thing but it do give
you a nice Sheen doll it's the only
thing I noticed when I applied in the
shower is that I'm actually very soon
thereafter in attain true a bottle of
grape seed oil cost you would the
Carol's Daughter almond cookie trifecta
I have no complaints about the body wash
its sulfate free so I did notice that my
skin didn't have that squeaky clean
ashy feeling you know how you use it
like a cheap dollar store body wash
because you forgot it and that's all
mom had index in the guest bathroom she
was like how your skin be actually
underwater this did not give me that
feeling my skin felt very moisturized I
wouldn't buy it again though and I'll
tell you why
kind of coming up and in a little bit
then the Carol's Daughter almond cookies
Shea souffle this was great because I
don't have like a water-based lotion or
cream product I use oils or shea butter
whips those don't have any moisturizing
content it's very creamy it rubs in
really nicely
sometimes it takes forever to rub in
sometimes it doesn't and it leaves you
what a nice Sheen look that close oh the
first couple ingredients are water
coconut oil caprylic triglyceride which
is a form of coconut oil I think
glycerine and shea butter and satiereal
qahal which is a fatty alcohol good top
ingredients wouldn't buy this particular
one again and I'll tell you why in a
second the almond cookie softening dry
oil body spray
now I much prefer this to this this is
not real called a in shower oil it's not
all this on the other hand is oil and
like my skin can tell the difference and
has no silicones no mineral oil no
petroleum my skin is just like yeah it's
a very light formula it sprays oh wow
and when you're wet in the shower just
rub that in I feel so greased up and
nourished if I'm saying I feel loved on
I feel cared for it also came with a
push top I don't know they're called
push top like this which is really
helpful you can decide whether you want
to spray it or pour it
the reason why I came by any of these
and probably want even too much utilize
them the fragrance it's giving me cherry
almond cuz a little sweetness to it upon
using them and putting them on my body
my
body chemistry transform these products
from almond cookie to baby powder all my
skin is smells like some Johnson and
Johnson
that is so disappointing because I
really enjoyed these products I hate the
smell of baby powder
who said babies have to smell like
powder personally I want my baby smell
like frankincense and myrrh you don't
know why are you choosing for me it's in
my throat um it just need to cut the fan
on and I saved the best for last
Harlem soap shop spearmint and orange
bar of soap this is what's left of it
this is my absolute favorite product in
this curl box it's giving me double mint
twins it's giving me taking a swig of
orange juice after brushing your teeth I
never would have thought to put
spearmint I don't watch together but it
works my god it works this is actually a
black boy beauty brand you can find him
at Harlem so calm
it is poem poem singing you don't walk
you don't need to wash it bump saying
the the residual effects of using the
soap are fine no reactions no burning
nothing oh it's all good
all clear there's absolutely no doubt
that chromebox body is a value you do
save money if you think about going out
and purchasing all these products
separately it is a lot more than the $25
including shipping
when I get Crowe box body again though
as far as what I'm looking for in a
subscription box I'm looking for
products that are usually out of my
price point meaning that it's like
really revolutionary that I get a box
with it or I'm looking for indie brands
brands that are accessible to me but I
just have no way of knowing about them
so for that reason what's going to
happen is I'm not going to get the next
box I'm gonna see all the pictures of
the second box is gonna be pop is gonna
be fire and I
be man and be my fillings FOMO fear of
missing out that will make me buy the
second crow box I don't know if I'm
gonna buy the next crow box body if I do
you'll see a first impressions video now
won't you well that's it
hope you enjoyed this video hope it was
helpful
if you got the crow box let me know your
thoughts on it in the comments below and
I will see you on the internet somewhere
I go ahead give you their collarbone
give you all that oh ho their collar
