hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
storytime I lost my debit card I mean I
found it but I had already cancelled the
old debit card and ordered a new one by
the time I had found the old one so I
was waiting for 7 days for my new debit
card to arrive so I was dealing solely
in cash for about 7 days and I learned
one thing I spent too much money on food
I'm out here living lavishly YouTube yes
I know the guac extra yes I want cheese
on that yes
you know up sized me upgrade you in 7
days I spent over $100 for watts for joy
hey huh just living life on the edge
like I'm a baller but I not though I
didn't buy groceries withdrew money and
didn't buy groceries in dealing solely
in cash really taught me how wasteful
and gluttonous I be wasteful Josh
screamed I bought barbecue from all
foods Who am I I got my debit card back
I went grocery shopping today and I'm
going to challenge myself to not eat out
for five days entire workweek all meals
are going to be meals that I made from
my fridge can I do it though we'll see
I'm not quite sure if this will be a
series in which there will be multiple
videos I'm at the end of the challenge
or if it's going to be one big vlog that
I'll post next week but I hope you stick
around for the challenge and maybe take
the challenge yourself if your raggedy
like me so let's start off in this video
I'll start off with my grocery haul
let's go it's time for haul
I want to h-e-b the place to be and
about some foodstuffs some food items
from our pleasure and
sumption first thing big old bucket of
greens chia seeds are only too much um
even really uh know what chia seeds are
what they do but in saying I saw Mickey
she puts them in her water at work and
her other food items and I was like I
want to beat on it too so I got them I
got a coupon got a little 75 cents off
so I'm ready to be a nourished in
spirally pastas on spirally pastas mini
carrots organic cherry tomatoes organic
strawberries organic Bozzio organic
cucumber conventional white mushrooms
ogonek
two heads of broccoli maybe called heads
one white onion I just smashed an
avocado look at it oh my god four
avocados including the one I just
smashed on the ground Finny eat it
though two cans of garbanzo beans
otherwise known as chickpeas this
chicken sausage that was very expensive
but I want to try some no so chicken
sausage five plums summary stone fruit
season
two jars of pasta sauce this one is
tomato basil and it's not coming this
one is garlic lovers and it's a gunny
hello
so my bill came out to about fifty
dollars and some change
chicken sausage and the chia seeds were
the two high price items that I've never
tried before so usually my um my grocery
bill for a week is about thirty bucks
well $20 Oh renounce and I got organic
strawberries and I'm seeing but I feel
like it's worth it that's it five days
seems easy but I never done before so
join me on this excursion to adulting
properly thanks for watching this video
in the comments below tell me if food is
your financial weakness am I alone I
hope not
and I will see you on the internet
somewhere bye a tea burrito bowl a chai
tea
ah ah Baga hope Dodie a chick-fil-a
Whataburger come on Evelyn I was
appointed myself
