always no sagging pants what South
Africans think they're better than that
it's a systemic thing like we're all
taught to just hate each other here's a
propaganda don't just go away and I
think the older African generation
picked up on like anti blackness you can
Bank Harvard professor Evelyn Brooks
Higginbotham chest fellow Evelyn for
coining the term respectability politics
I can't believe I have to say this but
it's time to tell your African parents
that black lives matter so how do we
even start this conversation right
because screaming academic vocabulary
from Professor Higginbotham if they're
really gonna get you anywhere right
what's that I'm like if my mom would
make a comment you know in passing or
something like that maybe over dinner
but I came mom that's you know that's
not right and I would try to explain
respectfully why that's not right you
know and how that's not fair to you know
judge someone that you haven't met yet
the same way you don't want to be judged
you know before someone has a chance to
actually meet and interact with you if
someone from my community says something
ignorant I'm just like mmm no and here's
why or you know we shouldn't say that
about Pete other people or we wouldn't
like it if they were saying this type of
stuff about us or like you know it's
better if we're united any instances
where I try and change their thinking I
only ask questions to make them unravel
their thought process I'm not a big
advocate of trying to argue with someone
I just keep asking why or how come or
explain that a little bit more to me
until they realize that what they're
saying actually has no basis I usually
do three things number one i
non-verbally express my disappointment
it could be a head shake a furrowed brow
it could be that uncomfortably
high-pitched sound you make when you're
trying to disagree with your parents but
you can't do so confidently because as a
child you were taught that parents are
above reprimand or criticism do you ever
talk about race issues with your parents
or like older African folks oh yeah
actually we we do like my dad is really
into the news and stuff and we have a
pretty open dialogue where I'm we
discussed our opinions pretty openly
sometimes heated arguments those are all
very opinionated people actually I think
I find myself talking about race with my
friends and with my younger sister but
when it comes to talking to my parents I
feel like I hit a wall sometimes and I
keep trying but sometimes I feel like
it's not really going anywhere or that
they feel like I may be a little bit too
radical my parents are really
progressive so they're really easy to
talk to and to like convince of my
narrative for like it's easy to sit them
down in back okay this is what's going
on through my eyes this is the world I'm
living in so I'm really blessed and
fortunate on that aspect the way they
raised me my brother and my sister was
to respectfully challenge I guess
respectfully challenge Authority which
even included them so that's kind of
different from I guess other Nigerians
upbringing so whenever they would say
something I would always try to push
back a little bit number two and this is
weird to have to say but I state that
I'm black when you talk about those
black kids you're talking about me
you're talking about your children I
don't know I don't know I feel like
sometimes they feel like they're immune
to it I don't know if you just like hit
a certain age as a black person and
you're just like whatever you just try
not to think about it and block it out
but that's the impression I'm getting
with some some of the older Africans I
know or they're just like well just mind
your business go to work and don't make
any trouble like you know this doesn't
have to affect your day to day life
whereas like my friends me my little
sister when we talk about it were like
no this is
very like it's very intrusive to our
day-to-day life I don't see how it's not
the same for you guys it's like it's
sometimes it gets really sad because
they just it's like they've almost given
up I want to say so we just talk about
what's happened and just like my parents
will express their disappointment but
they're not really sure how to change
anything so sometimes it gets really sad
my mom does not like to talk about
anything political at all she's like I
don't want to that's a bummer I think
there's still kind of a kind of a
disconnect like it's it's other black
people not really me when you're from an
African nation majority black country
the concept of meeting or having to
identify as your race is not as relevant
or as necessary I get that but what
you're not gonna do is come all the way
to the US have kids and those kids are
now black in America and then you talk
trash about black folks not on my watch
and number three and I do this for many
different scenarios many different
conversations and topics not just this
one I just ask for clarification and let
people explain themselves and then you
just watch them leave a tangled web of
weaving lies and they so confused it's
embarrassing it's embarrassing and from
there you can go on to have a
conversation using academic vocabulary
like respectability politics or not you
can put that off to next time because
there will be a next time unfortunately
but at least now they know that you not
the one all right a light ship okay mojo
all right so what does it feel like to
be black in the US
that's pretty heavy question damn I
don't cry if you're isolated it I mean
it sucks they're their stereotypes and
stigmas that I have to fight through and
so I have to be very community focused
in a world that's very in a country
that's very individualistic so you have
consciousness of both the pride of being
American as a port you know a member of
a population of 300 million but also
understanding some of the struggles and
challenges and opportunities of 13% of
the population it's hella hard
especially when you combine it with the
intersections of being bigger bodied of
being disabled of being a woman of
being queer just everything it's just I
hadn't got any better it just the the
hatred got different so it's just
frustrating that so many people like to
dive just for hatred just be different
and not just be over something even if
you feel like it's useless every time
your parents say something like every
time they use the term my guitar or
anything like that just like no I don't
think that's true really no well I'm
like don't say that it's not the case
like we're all black at the end of the
day like we get treated the same way
whether we're from Africa we were born
here do it to the best of your abilities
even if you have to like laugh laugh
through it because ultimately it's our
responsibility to make sure that the
people around us and the people we
associate ourselves with are informed
and intelligent I think it definitely
comes back to like self intellectualism
shout sounds and ethnics definitely
teaching ourselves and being an
influence on our parents and a lot of
times our parents are stoic AF like they
ain't moving on anything they think
about they don't care what you say what
they say is right and you just believe
yes ma'am and so with that being said
energy is very finite and if they are
not budging save yourself save yourself
the trouble and put that energy towards
somebody else you know who just needs a
little bit more schooling or protest
you're like your own protein
sting or just whatever you can do that
feels like there's a there's a positive
outcome and you can make a difference
the idea of making people very aware
that what separates us is super small
and what connects us is so much bigger
is on everybody so first generation kids
for sure like yes definitely
you know teach your kids from here on
out just like you're trying to teach
your kids not to be you know homophobic
or Islamic law but whatever teach your
kids like no this person is gonna have a
similar experience to you for whatever
reason so don't separate yourself from
them reach out to anybody and everybody
especially if they look like you so you
are an African child and you're very
African parents just said something
questionable at best don't let it go
unchecked it's time to tell our African
parents that black lives matter thanks
so much for watching in the comments let
me know if you've ever felt this way or
not if you experienced it's okay
share this video with somebody needs it
tell your folks I said hi watch they
mouth and I will see you on the Internet
