hey the world it's me Evelyn don't turn
around Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton
Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton top I
purchased
curlbox body I just got it in the mail
today gotten a little email notification
CRO box is a monthly online subscription
service geared towards hair products
usually I actually used to get CRO boxes
a couple years ago you can watch all
those videos I have been an annotation
is right here so I was really excited to
see CRO box body body products so this
CRO box was 30 bucks and it's a one-time
box $25 plus $5 shipping let's see
what's in here shall we
so y'all were gonna tell me had one
beady-bead right here yeah I'm gonna
tell me that I had one solitary
beady-bead
now there's so so this is a little
informational it's super pretty well
these are full-size products I don't
know why I didn't realize this so this
is what the box looks like inside
everything arranged all nicely secret
clinical strength clear gel deodorant I
will be giving this one away because I
don't use conventional geode Arryn's I
need a deodorant right now cool but not
my thing
next ooh okay Oh G X hydrate and repair
argan oil of Morocco miracle in shower
oil I already use oil in the shower so
cool
it smells like this oh damn this smells
like white girl hair when you sitting
behind in elementary school you get a
shoe just whips that ponytail you get a
strong lip smell that smells nice put it
on your skin when it's wet whoa such an
interesting formula it's these
ingredients like this I don't know how
to pronounce these but they like
dissolve like it's it's an oil but it's
not greasy at all probably wouldn't
like this because of the ingredients but
I am interested to see if it works
because while I wouldn't go for a
product like this I've never tried a
product like this we have Carol's
Daughter almond cookie three full-size
products the sulfate free cleansing gel
Carol's Daughter almond cookie softening
dry oil body spray
then the Carol's Daughter almond cookie
moisturizing Shea souffle I'm gonna snow
almond cookie mmm that's why I thought I
was gonna smell like put it in my
crevice eggs I'm gonna be gone ooh this
looks artisanal Harlem soap shop
handmade all-natural goat's milk soap
spearmint and orange oh boy this is I've
never smelled this combination orange
and spearmint together I'll be curious
to see how this works and once the
ladder rinses it down you know circle of
life if I'm saying I'm not gonna put it
on a circle of life but you know Sarah I
wonder if the if the if the residue is
gonna cause a reaction of any sort
spearmint
but I like that smells and that's the
box full-size products even if I don't
even end up liking this the fact that it
was that their full-size product it's
just everything that is chromebox body I
don't know if everybody's box is the
same but this is what mine looks like
curiosity got the better of me and I
just had to dive back into the chromebox
world yet again so I'll be coming to you
in about a month or so with the full
review of these products I got actually
use them on my body in my shower routine
did you get chromebox body tell me what
you thought of it in the comments below
or you can tell me other stuffs
and I will see you on the internet
somewhere bye oh and my hair red is from
the red life by thrill in the comments
below
you look good do-si-dos
