I have done it I have succeeded your
might as well congratulate me I
convinced a brand to send me something
so I wanted to do another episode of
hashtag smack yo lip the YouTube segment
in which I taste treats and foodstuffs
and beverages even so I hollered at the
people over at Grace and I was like so I
have this thing called smack your lip
right and what it is
there were like oh yeah let's uh we're
gonna send you some boxes yeah yeah
grace calm is one of those
subscription-based
box services so was founded in the UK by
some friends who was tired of eating uh
chips and smacking their lips to
unhealthy things I wonder if any of them
are black British so they created Grey's
a better way too much and crunch graze
on the go every graze box contains four
perfectly portioned snacks tailored for
you with all nutritional info right on
the packaging when I was talking to the
people at Grey's it was like oh make
sure you mentioned Jess and I'm like
who's Jess grace calm has a nutritionist
named Jess hi Jess who makes sure that
every single snack is useful for your
body and it's fuel for your life they
actually did something to say that I'm
sure Jess does a fabulous job this one
looks like inside Oh little one of it
goats sheeps so they have a little
informational card that tells you
everything you need to know and on the
back are the nutrition facts for the
snacks complete with ingredients alright
so the first snack is the fruit and seed
flapjack which is a granola bar
I thought a flapjack with a pancake
but rustic rolled oats flapjack with
mixed seeds and dried fruits fruits
brittle oh it's all yeah I like the
chewy gooey granola bars sorry I'm
excited let me just taste mmm mmm just
love moist and the oats are OD from the
fruits are fruity it reminds me of one
of those like fruit crumbles that you
like put ice cream on you see where I'm
going oh my god ra p blue bill I forgot
sorry graze I know I know we're trying
to be healthy when you come home at the
end of a long day what you do is you get
that flat jet put in a little bowl a
little mug heat it up ever so slightly a
nice dollop of Atilla tea probably sea
salt caramel set it off tell me I'm
lying
next we have the honey drizzled cashews
I don't think you can get cashews wrong
it smells like you know that holiday
popcorn where they have like the chair
the regulars and then the sweet one mmm
good just like candy low-key oh it does
have sugar on it so it's not just honey
they're delicious can't go wrong
I'm gonna like about this is it's a
serving size because you know pop ma'am
I'm sure on this any not really even
keeping track look on Twitter you know
and before you know it you lean the
entire bucket of nuts Thank You Jess
to cleanse my palate this one I'm really
excited about spicy sriracha peas with
jumbo corn Oh mmm
well there it goes I was waiting for the
sriracha hmm not quite a fan of the maze
getting big corns from my canyons you
know I get Eddie II do
I don't like neither one of those foods
because they have like the big maze like
the Bighorns Bighorns don't have stretch
on them this is a pee right here and
this is a corn these are delicious
little morsels of spiciness these not so
much dried peas are crunchy and it gives
you that feeling of in chips when you
really aim the vegetable the salted
fudge and peanut cookie peanuts red
skinned peanuts vanilla fudge in mini
chocolate cookies there's actually fudge
in here that's not as sweet as I thought
it would be in the greys box let's say
you're gonna eat this at work for the
week this is gonna be your dessert day
it's not really that sugary that honey
drizzled cashews and the fruit and see
flapjack are way more dessert like in my
opinion then the salted fudge and peanut
cookies
chronically this is everything in the
grades box the fruit and C flat jug is
definitely my favorite number two
favorite would have been spicy sriracha
peas if it was just the peas not no
jumbo corn so I can do without in jumbo
corn but because of that honey drizzled
cashews are my second favorite salsa
fudge and peanut cookie I can do God now
they gave me a second box and I wasn't
unasked-for that I wasn't expecting that
best believe I'm I open it though grades
can be a weekly or bimonthly box let's
see if this box has four different
snacks hey yeah so my second grades box
let's taste for this box
I'm going to go in order of what I think
I will like the most super kale and
edamame with chia seeds cashew butter
ooh and a twist of lime a twist not a
spritz one twist the kale is
encapsulated it is a fossilized in a
sort of I presume this is the cashew
butter
not what I imagined let me taste edamame
I really like it my mouth tastes like a
pond no like this the the you know at
top of the pond
there's like some some greenery next
snack in my second graze box
it's called chai latte and it has chai
seeds coconut macadamia and yogurt
sunflower seeds all right a little
morsel hmm rasca the yogurt covered
sunflower seeds mixed with the chai
seeds tea latte in your mouth I could
even do without the coconut slivers to
be honest because the coconut slivers
don't really have a taste to them it's
more that texture and visual interest
this bomb the next thing I'm going to
try l pecan tire and it's paprika
baguettes spicy chili peanuts and jumbo
corn these little baguettes remind me do
you remember going up it was a little
snap and it looks like a cheese dip with
little sticks and you can eat the sticks
looks like a little bread stick pudding
dip it in the cheese just yummy it's
nice and salty and garlicky
and of course paprika wrote a cheese
stamp high noon I feel like I am let's
try the spicy chili peanuts spicy love
it and I'm going to avoid the corn
because we already know I'm not here for
it I feel like I don't even have to eat
lunch like I'm full bro the whole grain
banana caramel dipper bananas shortbread
with caramel dipping sauce
you know banana Laffy Taffy's I know
something on the comments gonna be like
that's my favorite candy y'all a bunch
of young buds banana flavor anything is
not good I'm gonna taste it on its own
and then taste it with the caramel sauce
because I know caramel sauce will make
it so much better
and then when you chew it like it
becomes mushy and then it reminds me of
the texture of an actual banana
Oh what that makes it better it's
actually not that bad
Oh am I really saying this because of
the caramel sauce because it is a sugary
steps in our luxury steps I'm gonna have
to say a whole grain banana caramel
dipper is my favorite thing in this box
next would be the chime trail mix
because it's like an Oprah chime in your
mouth and third favorite would be the El
picante cheese dippers - the cheese
Wurst Wurst
I do like that the snacks come in their
own serving size container it makes it
great for work or school I am blessed
my office has snacks like there are
community snacks and like we can like
eat them one suggestion I would give
graze though is that if you get a weekly
box have them be five snacks has a
workweek is five days if you had five
would be like point like where would you
put the fifth one and I understand that
oh let me get him in a flapjack I forgot
about them each box is $6.99 but wait
there's more here comes the part of the
video where the youtuber tells you they
have a discount code so I have a
discount code and it is in the video
description box and you get a free box
shocks the people that graze for
sponsoring this video I really wanted to
make another smack Yolo episode but I
had nothing new to smack my little
thanks for believing in me
this subscription snack box service
although it's $6.99 it's definitely
giving me grown-up it's definitely
giving me taking charge of your life but
in the comments below
I want shot
tell me your favorite childhood snack
let's go I'll see you on the internet
somewhere bye so I was like listen
everybody be out here reviewing boxes
that deliver snacks right to your door
you know I'm seeing can I like do that
too you know I'm saying so I was
hollering at grades you know
