hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn welcome
to Veda day number 24 I'm not really
feeling the best so I was looking up I
was looking in the archives to see what
I could edit together I don't know if
the footage I'm about to show you is
funny to you but it's hilarious to me
with because I know them I'm Jordan who
y'all should probably know from past
blogs um came to town she moved out of
Austin and you'll actually watch that in
the vlog but she came back to Austin a
couple months ago because she wanted us
to help her film some videos for her
blog and I'll put the link to her blog
in the video description box so me and
gauzy who you have seen in vlogs said we
would help needless to say we haven't
finished the videos and that was in
February cuz we're trash but I mean we
had a fun time filming them so this
video you will see Graham he's the he's
the dude in the in the video and he was
playing two characters the kind of the
glasses is supposed to be like the
know-it-all and the dude who's dirty is
supposed to be the dude who's dirty
I don't know explain to you explaining
to me here are the bloopers and vlog
footage from the time we were filming
videos together magic it's the vlog now
I've got the magic anyway hey ground hi
I can't sing say hi to do people hello
people should stop just introduce people
to it was oriental I'm doing I can't I
can't look using some just video thing
about dating experience and we're
shooting the first episode and this is
about guys to Google stuff
that's our script this is our setup man
we're actually in my house I don't where
do you at the a
eh oh my god so much rhythm oh hey go go
okay okay go
I look I'm sorry it's just diet
I have this illness one more time I have
a rash that's right terrible but have
eczema rashes permit did you moisturize
why is there so much country you look
like the gentrified version of dirty
Sumner cuz I thought about it actually
there's promise it's not mine
why would there be hepatitis a b c and d
gram what's in your hands look he's mad
this right here is a cigarette but i
found outside it seems to be a this
character is called the mess and so
we're trying to make him look transient
okay that's a creepy smile is that look
like a hickey I fucking it's like that
yeah why don't you go out with this guy
profile picture with all thank you go
right here oh you're good yeah I love
the location it's really gorgeous please
all right Jordan sorry I'm late public
transportation I'm all right but how you
doing muffin mix are you doing those
sexy
and real really delicious today I like
this pancake
yeah real delicious muffin mix uh okay
hi ready okay I'm sorry I didn't see him
really no you almost died so in God took
my baby you took my baby back
first of all what do you call your hey
someone's from later interwebs II
somewhere next time that's my baby I
left over here Here I am
and look at oil look at Doyon look at me
it's my bean team gosh you don't let
that if you're letting this private
matters roadrunner president be I know I
love you girl I love you girl what are
you worried about may have a leaf and I
know you need a BTS he said we hide what
is that Evelyn what we heard what he
said what we heard him they fade in here
hi hi was it the moment and you know I'd
like to apologize for calling her I said
everybody with ashy knuckles that I
offended you based on my personal action
knuckles silient a young woman in her
face tomato ashy they're not it's right
here though yeah yeah well I saw some
spiders run around this oh you know
chipped
you know what I'm legally pale me bronze
God why can't we do it Evelyn what's
behind us what is this
I'm not pajamas leader
hey it's cute biola oh my god Evelyn are
you okay oh my god
well oh my god you okay oh my god yes
I'm just not wearing eyeliner
