face overall it's me Evelyn welcome to
Veda day number 22 I'm sure by now
you've seen the news reports Blue Bell
ice cream has been recalled off the
shelves not available for purchase it's
gone I don't believe in this hippie
dippie liberal media
so I took my happy but to h-e-b I'm in
ice cream aisle
no no no no no
of course the scientific method requires
that you don't just take the first
answer as the only answer so I went to a
second h-e-b location
No
it is earth day so I didn't want to
waste too much gas but there was one
more h-e-b on my route
and he just
but why
every time
and you know uh sucks I never even got a
chance to taste it recently I was busy
being bougie e'en cilenti when I could
have been eating Bluebell like God
intended what you want me to eat Ben &
Jerry's that hippy dippy liberal
ice-cream Tom but I recall talking about
ain't no Bluebell on the shelves talking
about a voluntary recall so if the
significance of this video is completely
lost on you
um Bluebell is a brand of ice cream that
is sold in the southern states here in
the US and it is a favorite among my
fellow Texans Listeria monocytogenes
apparently has an organism that can
infect the human body and cause a bunch
of nasty side effects and can sometimes
even kill you especially if you are a
child an elderly person or have a weak
immune system the Bluebell labs and
scientists recently found that organism
in batches of their product so they
decided to yank all of Bluebell off the
shelves it's gone the CEO of Bluebell
released a little video talking to us
and I just want to share his testimony
with you all we're heartbroken over the
situation and apologize to all of our
loyal Bluebell fans and customers our
entire history has been dedicated to
making the very best and highest quality
ice cream we possibly could and we're
committed to fixing the problem ice
cream is a is a joy and a pleasure to
eat it certainly is for me and I do it
every day and it should never be a cause
for concern and for that we do apologize
and we're going to get it right and
we'll be right here waiting for your
victorious return into our intestines I
mean it has such a strong following that
when it comes back best believe it gonna
be in the streets rejoice II should have
appreciate it you are over here I did
you for granted you never know what you
can do it's gone
I can taste millennium grudge oh I can
taste butter pecan we will be here
Bluebell just take your time
dump all your products out I know it's
Earth Day don't even really too much
worry about that dump it all out start
from scratch
find whoever infected your stuff and
ship them off exile them if home is
where the Bluebell is and there's no
Bluebell then I in fact have no home
where do I belong
in this world if not in a bowl of
Bluebell in the comments below tell me
what your favorite flavor of Blue Bell
ice cream is I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye Breyers be over
here like oh my God look
we actually have real Reese's in here
really like the brand Reese's not peanut
butter cups Reese's and we're like but
is it Bluebell
