hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn um
welcome to Bay today huh 20 we have ten
days left and this here YouTube exercise
and I said in yesterday's video that I
would answer some questions and that's
what I'm gonna do yes I am my favorite
thing youtubers say let's go ahead and
get into it infatuation two eight nine
xed if you end it up in a car crash and
ended up with amnesia and the only way
you could figure out who you were was
through social media who would you think
you are it depends on the social
platform if it was YouTube it's kind of
the same thing that I think every time I
hit publish how does this person have
friends if it's Twitter Facebook I would
just think that oh this is like a
decidedly magical black girl who likes
decidedly magical black things I mean
also I had twerking vines um you know
but I also have like articles from the
nation um so you know I would think I'm
pretty balanced individual oh and also
think I'm cute cuz I am that's he axed
if you were taking a shower and your
building caught on fire and you
literally didn't have time to grab a
towel what one thing would you cover as
you ran outside the house so like what
one thing would you cover with your
hands is that what she me oh no oh no I
said shoes between my boobies in the
other area what's important is the
areolas people the world is not ready
for brown areolas and so you just want
to cover the cleavage don't matters want
to cover the areolas you see wouldn't
say would be my breastesses because it's
like literally painful to not hold them
if you're running die EKU Chi I'm
American forgive me we don't we're not
really too bright to favor each with the
oh you okay
what is your favorite child snack I was
always in the mood for a nice you know
exquisite zebra cake and even now I just
kind of have like that reaction when I'm
in the store and I see zebra cakes I'm
like yeah I want one but I don't buy
them because I value my life a ma day Oh
Cody what up asked me what is my African
name and for those of you who are new to
my channel I am African and general
Kenyan specifically Kikuyu even more
specifically er um you don't really need
to know my middle name but I feel like
it's quite easy to find in this internet
age the initial is actually on my
necklace if you ever zoom in close
enough you can see the first initial one
classy ma X me do you think people are
still using the term fleek liquid poo in
parentheses out of ignorance or has the
awareness not quite reached everyone
where do you think that's their actual
goal for how they want their eyebrows to
look like liquid poo ah so I think it
being about fleet which is f l ee t and
that is a laxative
um and that sort of vernacular is common
amongst our homosexual brethren um and
people who get colonoscopies ah perfect
segue to my next question which is from
the jenny kiss who asked what is my best
relationship advice it's gonna be so
poignant like there's gonna be so
profound I'm gonna need you to come
closer just a little bit Club come on
we're friends come on
are you ready everybody poops
that's just my way of saying everybody
makes mistakes I think a lot of problems
arise and we have false expectations of
that another human is somehow capable of
like rising above some problem and we
also put people on pedestals we put
people on pedestals pedestals if we just
remember everybody poops everybody makes
mistakes everybody messes up we all fall
short of the glory of God what is that
scriptures all have sinned what I need
to go to church next one lady bliss ISM
asked me if Joanne is a Virgo I asked
because she gives off that vibe and
supposedly Leos and virgos make best
friends thanks for that question lady
bliss ISM and the answer is guess
doyon is a boggle the natural type asked
me what advice would I give to someone
looking to start a website centered
around natural hair what's the best way
to market it or get it noticed um the
advice I would give to you how you gonna
be different in 2015 what do you know
that I don't already know so my advice
to you would be to be very specific
elder Ramos asked me why do I have a
Brazilian flag and how did I learn to
speak Portuguese so well
obrigado um I studied abroad in Brazil
when I was in college and I learned to
speak Portuguese because I took
Portuguese class and I traveled to
Brazil where I had to put all my skills
to the test because I was in a college
course that was taught exclusively in
Portuguese the professor's didn't speak
English
Olivia indeed asked me do you feel like
an adult yet
ZP asked me would you rather let a
complete stranger stick a finger in your
mouth or lick the back of a dusty
radiator first I had to Google what a
radiator was definitely lick a dusty
radiator because the chances of fecal
matter being on that radiator or nothing
compared to the chances of someone grimy
digits having boob particles on them oh
my god Charley Thompson asked me you
seem well educated on racial Affairs so
do you believe white people can be
racist and do you believe in reverse
racism that comment was posted 17 hours
ago and I spent 17 hours trying to
figure out if that was a rhetorical
question
do I believe white people can be racist
yeah racism doesn't have a direction
there is no such thing as to the left
racism to right racism upwards downwards
inside out backwards forwards racism
there's just racism loop-de-loop racism
Iggy Angel wants to know how do I become
magical like you my dear you already up
bubsy Tsubaki asked is booty really life
is booty really love yes and yes Vidya
wants to know what would I do every day
if money were no object
I would commence the great mission of
traveling to as many countries as
possible I would literally never stop
traveling like where do I want to go
today maybe I go to the South of France
stay there for a month money's no object
right I can afford the South of France
every day for 30 days right then what's
next let's go to Zanzibar the heck have
you ever even looked up plane tickets to
Zanzibar
I have I want to go as Sameera sphere
wants to know how many Ugandan zai no
three Beatrice K said hey Evelyn hey
name something funny that concludes are
known for doing or saying um I don't
know key clue so I can't tell you but um
I remember this you were in Kenya it was
one of the chipster I was younger and so
I think I was like mom I can't
understand anything you're saying lady
in English and she has like explained to
me accents like people have accents
right the way she explained the X hence
was this phrase the set of phrases
mm-hmm praise the rod Moses struck the
water with our rod rod rod it's the same
pronunciation ours and ELLs just blend
together praise the Lord
Moses struck the water with a rod
English sounds kind of ugly to be honest
Amara M wants to know because you're so
cool it's hard for me to see you ever
being like insecure or something Leo II
so do you ever doubt yourself or what
you're doing sometimes literally all the
time I'm shrouded in self-doubt in minor
self-loathing I sing when I hear this so
I am 24 talking about do I have
self-doubt I'm in my twenties that is
the epitome of this decade jenika II
asked me how is learning Swahili coming
along learning languages for me is
rooted deeply and being able to read a
language I've learned French I've
learned Portuguese I know a little
Spanish just a little Spanish here and
there but that's all because I can read
in those languages English is the only
language that I learned how to speak
before I learned how to
read and I don't know how to like
reprogram my brain to be comfortable
saying words without knowing how they're
spelled are you at all concerned about
having your children in the future
knowing your mother tongue or even
Swahili that's literally the only way
like literally the only way my future
kids would ever know a language I don't
speak is if the other parent speaks at
maybe my parents would teach it to them
but they didn't teach it to me so I be
salty I'd be a middle-aged I'd be
sitting there like - gonna teach you all
these words but you can teach me
Kevin Juarez shout-out to the homie
caves asked me two questions how do I
take my road test without overwhelming
nerves so what's a good mindset for
highly nerve provoking things what I do
is I visualize myself having already
succeeded not only am i capable I've
already done it like it's as good as
done I just have to like do it and just
get through that and that's it if y'all
have any tips for kids leave them in the
comments below
Kevin also asked me how do I get a
simple job while not being white like a
teenager looking for extra money not a
career I'm if you just want to work
alike Whataburger i don't feel like
there are as many racial barriers to
entry I'm sure you have friends who have
jobs or their older siblings have jobs
ask them where they work and like if
they're hiring
non non young a asked me I cannot decide
if I want to change my major or not
because I'm afraid of stressing out my
parents African parents had to make sure
that was in there and making them upset
what in the world should I do I'm not
happy where I'm at cool or it's not your
job to prevent stressing out your
parents they took on that role once they
decided to be parents um especially if
your parents are good you want to make
them feel good like okay you might
provide me with stuff and you like love
me so I just want like you know not
stress
well but you have to remember that's not
your job your job is to thrive because
if you thrive they thrive and I don't
mean to get morbid to build your whole
life and it's only you has to live that
life nobody else lives your life nobody
has to wake up in your body breathe the
way you do move through the world how
you have to move through the world
nobody you're going to base your entire
existence on something that your parents
wanted what's gonna happen when your
parents go away so that's it with you
it's kind of heavy if you don't like
your major change your major home or and
I'm not things easy that's not what I'm
saying I'm not saying this conversation
is going to be easy I'm just saying it's
a conversation worth having because
you're worth having you're worth your
happiness is worth having do you get
what I'm saying
stony wants to know what inspires you to
put your culture on the map everyday not
putting my culture on display would be
like me like not living life like I
would just cease because just by way of
me being here it's putting my culture on
display
hey hey represent a shawl I heard
visibility and I love it with my
internet cousins comment and they're
like are you kidding I'm like yes I am
Morticia Gordeeva asked me it's a post
entitled people apocalyptic universe and
you have the opportunity to choose your
mystic power your significant other
lifetime supply black robe you brand
product location of inhabitants and
which influential person will return in
spirit as your alter ego or genius Oh
miss Godiva that's a tough one um I
would want to be invisible just like to
be naked all the time I'm gonna be
completely random and shoes
Maurice kiria he's a Ugandan musician
and I don't like his music he's just
beautiful and like you don't want a
post-apocalyptic universe I'm sure he
can be useful to me in some way lifetime
supply of black crow beauty product huh
there's probably a more intelligent and
informed answer but I'm going to say
Wayne handmade burnt sugar pomade purely
because it smells good and in a
apocalyptic universe I'm going to need
my spirits to behind I'm gonna need to
be uplifted though me and Maurice kiria
are gonna be like sniffing burnt sugar
pomade somewhere like Seychelles or like
maybe something like Greece you know -
you know the hatred racism towards
African immigrants you know and she also
wants to know which influential person
will return in spirit as my alter ego
genius I can sit here and think like
Nobel Peace Prize winner is you know
world leaders but at the end of the day
what did the world leaders do if the
world went into a post-apocalyptic a
situation right so I'm gonna choose
Rihanna Catholic Samir 28s me how does
it feel to be loved so much on the
youtubes well it feels a little nice
whatever I get comments that are
something like I was having a bad day
and then I watched your video and then
I'm not having a bad day anymore like
that blows my mind that was something I
thought was reserved for musicians and
authors the ability to control the
emotions uh in the ability to change how
someone feels about things their
existence their day the turn of events
and I take that whoa so seriously feels
like an absolute horn ah if you'll
second honor and um thank y'all so much
for watching and subscribing I never
really asked people to subscribe
um but go ahead subscribe somebody was
like oh why aren't you why don't more
people subscribe to did you tell your
friend to subscribe to meet up how I
have no shell I'm hungry so I will see
you tomorrow for day 21 of beta the
comments below tell me things how was
your day
you know how about that it's all about
me what about you tell me how your day
was it's the only internet somewhere bye
that's my Africans shoutout to my first
generation American shots in my canyons
um shots monkey coos and shots to every
other ethnic group cuz we don't have
time for ethnic strife on this channel
