hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn coming
to you really really late I'm having
some technical difficulties so
tomorrow's video will be the QA it's
taking forever to export which means it
definitely won't upload in time so but
um so I'm using the YouTube capture app
on my iphone to upload this video to
record and upload this video and it's
kind of helpful because if i turn my
phone like this there's an icon that
pops on the screen that's like rotate
your phone stupid and that's love that's
really all that is so not really much to
say except look out for Q&A video
tomorrow thank you so much form um
giving me questions and send me
questions and i'm excited i really liked
the questions that you asked and i like
the questions that i chose to answer so
look out for that i'm just gonna sit
here and eat my um korean pastry from
the korean / french what bakery and it's
gonna be so good show you can bag you
sound mad i can see you to the camera i
was still there that somewhere by
