hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn it's
time for a DIY I don't know what I'm
doing
don't do this at home or do I'm not the
boss of you
we're doing some of my art cuz you're
not all fake gotta go Timmy ask some in
my eye who I realized I was just like
looking around and I noticed I have a
bucket of flax seeds when did I buy
these who knows
Oh garnet golden flax seeds it's only a
dollar forty so I'm gonna do what any
good nappy headed woman would do and I'm
gonna make a hair product so I'm gonna
go on YouTube watch a bunch of videos
and then come back and so I have two
cups of water then um natural 85 had
said that you need to do two cups of
water to a quarter cup of flax seeds
problem I don't know where my quarter
cup measuring cup is oh this says this
is half a cup
so if I just fill this halfway that's a
quarter cup I went to college hey so the
water is boiling and you want to wait
till it actually looks like Joe which it
doesn't quite yet we're gonna rock this
video BAE the video to bring you green
tea Kit Kats see it says KitKat
it gives you um white chocolate but then
when you let the flavors um
divide and subside you get the matchup
matchup matcha green tea powder mm-hmm
hashtags match your lip back to your
regularly scheduled programming needless
to say I think we're ready here All
Right see that's Joe it actually might
be a little too thick let's go ahead and
pour this oh gosh oh oh that I had a
stocking and we're gonna pour it
directly into here oh my god it's too
thick there's a bunch of flax seeds in
there and it's just too gelatinous
gelatinous it's too gelatinous to
squeeze through waste uh what is this
this is like half a mug of flexi Joe you
gonna add a splash of aloe vera gel cuz
I'm bored then I'm gonna add this oil
blend home when Lisa price came to the
office she blended some oils I don't
really remember what's in this all blend
but Carol's Daughter says it's a good ol
blend it's a good ol bland stir it it's
Joe this is like magic except it's is
this is what our ancestors I have been
doing a lot of research lately on the
cosmetics industry it's fascinating
stuff but what I have found that doesn't
quite match the YouTube school is
vitamin E it's not a
damn it's more of like an antioxidant so
you can mix it with your all blends your
shea butter whips to kind of keep you
know to kind of keep the free radicals
away but once you introduce water or
liquid into your mix you need a
frou-frou preservative if you're gonna
have it last over a week is my
understanding that being said since a
lot of us are here on YouTube are not
using preservatives of any kind I would
not advise that after you make this
product this jail that you put it in the
container that you dip your fingers in
you little nasty when I see people do it
I'm like no Jerry your hands might be
clean but they're not sterile gluten
thing anyway dear God ahh
it's a little cool and now it's time to
put this to the test sorry I dyed my
roots this morning and my scalps purple
now you know I had just washed it this
morning and I didn't do anything to it
all right
Prine I'm seeing some curl definition
yes yes my roots don't curl up cuz I
don't do the maximum hydration method
and this is after okay all right yeah
texture like my my naps are defined now
they're defined naps okay Odyssey flexi
I feel
oh my fingernails are when I'm bored and
when I'm avoiding other responsibilities
I do DIYs um this was fun right
this is fine the comments below tell me
if you make your own hair products or
skincare products um if you've tried the
recipes how do they go if you sell your
creations let me know and I'll see you
on the internet somewhere bye
ooh I left a little piece out don't you
hate that length J OH
