they've been laughing since I can
remember but they're not gonna laugh
anymore no more maxi the geek no more
goofily the week led me for say YouTube
no more algebra tests till September no
more looking at losers like him no more
have in the cheek now where mystery meat
no more Jam no more gym no more gym no
more Jam gonna move to the ma gonna live
in the pool I'm gonna talk to Roxanne
and I feel like you want to know what
soundtrack goes you wanna know what
soundtrack really just slangs Loki the
Prince of Egypt from Elaine that's what
persecuting us oh oh so hard
I forgot the Bible story but like Moses
go he runs away when he like killed the
Egyptian dude he like whipped him or him
and he had to run away so he runs away
goes through the wilderness YouTube he
goes through wilderness and like he sees
like a man who has why daughters my dad
has daughters and he tries to marry a
daughter or something that's not
important the important part is the song
that the dad sings in the movie
nighty-night I die I need I need it I
die
did I just look at your life look at
your life through heavens eyes gasps
yeah and I was little you couldn't tell
me nothing
I was Pocahontas like I was her are you
better than fine
show me beating a little militant I was
my favorite song savages I wonder if
they even bleed some of the chief said
uh underneath don't have a chief like
the little grandpa the medicine man he
said beneath that milky hide he said
yeah he said milky I
I didn't I could say that it's that
underneath that milky I'd there's
emptiness inside wonder if they even
bleed there soundtrack I loved Tarzan
because Phil Collins come on come on
Bill Collins
everybody talks about Hakuna Matata when
it comes to the I ain't Caine I couldn't
hide it wasn't the best song I just
can't wait to be king was the best song
what was his name
he was Marcus on smart guy he was the
voice Jason Weaver gonna beat the main
event people fucking know my bro ah in
the comments below tell me your favorite
animated film soundtrack or song and I
hope that this sparks a little karaoke
session in your own home all right I'll
see you tomorrow
sue a minute somewhere boy hey y'all
Stacy talk to me talk to me talk to me
