hey it's a world it's me Evelyn welcome
to Veda day 13 happy Monday
so I went grocery shopping yesterday now
just like any good African girl I am
trying to increase my bright price by
learning to cut the dishes of my
homeland bought some stuff to make pilau
and tsukumo vici yeah it's time to get
back to my loot I'm sorry I know it's so
funny to me only my brother would really
laugh as hard anyway um oh speaking of
roots bow bow bow
um you remember TJ right from the box
and he has t-shirts when he presided
printing leads I go to her in college um
and Eva like them so much people ask him
to this day wear the shirts at here are
boom this is the first one this is
personally my favorite um cuz it's plain
black boy
beauty brand I don't know some beauty ah
but it is black owned pew pew pew let's
cool a song to Cola first rice I only
need two basmati rice need to soak the
rice beef or stew lean you have to cut
it
nobody wants a big old chunk of stewed
beef so instead of a big ol chunk of a
cow you have a bunch of little chunks of
cow mmm garlic onions oil so next step
is add the beef to the frying onions and
garlic to be honest I have no idea this
is curry or cumin I have no idea human
gonna need some cardamom now if you're
really real like if you're really
authentic you're going to have the whole
spices so that cumin seeds cardamom
seeds clove volleyballs but we ain't got
that okay go ahead and mix it up
also add some beef bullion if you don't
like be fully on I also use better than
booyah I don't really like potatoes
unless they're french fries so I'm I
don't put potatoes in them I'm going to
add the rice directly to this pot of
beef chunks and turn it over get it
coated nice and coated taste the broth
if I don't taste like you need to taste
change it mad JD changing Oh hold it
here and just rip it just really fast ah
so I cleaned my counter top with a
non-toxic cleanser and it is going to
roll this into one little sushi roll and
then cut the roll and that'll give you
know I don't know how to use a nice
crappie the greens are gonna go in there
the rice is done by now hey finish how
much below tell me your favorite meal
from your people I'll see you on the
other somewhere bye caribou to my
Chocula
