hey sue bro it's me Evelyn I bring you
good tidings of great joy the wait is
finally over there are finally emojis to
represent the fact that not all of us
are the complexion of sand no longer do
I have to do a idgaf emoji with a base
chick now it's gonna be me letting you
know how I feel if I'm trying to text
you that you can stay blessed while I
stay on bothered to quote drusy I can
give you the brown girl painting her
fingernails yes my emoji is looking like
Lupita in this piece Michelle Obama in
this piece now every time I clap its my
hands clapping gone are the days of
beige Jesus but my Jesus is brown he was
engaged yeah a lamb's wool apple
recently rolls out their newest update
iOS 8.3 and among the changes are
probably some technical stuff that's
actually like important to my device but
most importantly on a cultural level now
we have a diverse range of emojis at our
fingertips
at long last if I want to communicate a
Blue Ivy swerve it can actually be
princess Ivy's hand the scalp rub emoji
yes hit that coconut oil pre-poo
treatment give me that castor oil tea
tree tingle ahead help me take out these
box braids shoot I got a Northwest emoji
I got a Cicely Tyson emoji I don't even
know I wanted a Steve Harvey emoji but
got one black sands you know what's
really good
we got a Uncle Ben emoji I can literally
communicate magical black girl be a text
I'm a princess
and you can stay mad uh what is he
Russian I'ma be the blackest Russian
emoji ever life my nose black my ears
black I never understood why the fist
going up was beige but now it's black I
could go on and on and on and I will
because I'm going to continue doing this
on Twitter so you can go ahead and
follow me in the comments below tell me
what your favorite emoji is it doesn't
have to be one of like the the people
emojis it can be a smiley emoji they're
still cool see you on the internet
somewhere bye
I did notice they didn't make any of the
families able to change colors what are
you trying to say
