in the dead of night that's so dramatic
what I'm alone in my room sometimes I
stare at the wall and I wonder to myself
I say self and I wonder when my time
will come you know when will I be called
out
we're worse cancelled hey YouTube world
it's me Evelyn last year I made a video
about my biggest fear my biggest fear is
getting dragged by black sweater Emily
y'all told me it seems like things have
only picked up since then in
public-facing news as a whole more
controversies more scandals things that
are well-deserved and a long time coming
and then some things that are just reach
like a like a Kevin Durant armspan
Oh Gumby arm the term call-out culture
has been coined by who everyday we're
made aware of the ways big and small
that our fakes are flaming garbage and
it all makes me a little nervous to be
honest because I don't know if y'all
noticed but I'm not perfect I'm not
perfect I never said I was funny so in
an effort to preempt what feels like the
inevitable in this video I'm gonna call
myself out okay i'ma beat you to it
Oh number one yes I was poke Arnaz for
Halloween one year yes there are photos
yes that's me trying to paint with all
the colors of the way every time I I
felt like I was fulfilling a childhood
dream and I knew the concept of my
culture it's not a costume but I thought
that applied to generic things like
being a Mexican I thought it was okay if
I was like a very specific character
like Disney's Pocahontas
number two mmm I do not immediately if
ever to be honest
boycott corporations even when their
policies or the actions of their
employees or even CEO directly conflict
with my existence or my personal values
and beliefs or even casual opinions okay
and yes oh yes yes I am part of the
problem and I am the reason why we can't
band together to overthrow and
eventually eat the rich but chick-fil-a
is just gonna have to satiate me for now
cuz it's delicious and I'm not there yet
I'm not there number three and this one
was brought to my attention by a very
disturbed and creepy person who in the
spring summer of 2018 scrolled through
Instagram to find a photo of me from the
summer of 2013 that is 5 years worth of
photos it is a photo of me wearing a
shirt on it is the flag of the United
States of America and I am doing a hand
gesture that one would call a salute
which would lead you to believe that not
only am i proud to be an American but
that I personally condone the atrocities
this country's government has committed
against people domestically and
internationally from pre-colonial times
until present day this person scrolled
through five years of photos and
commented something like you they said
you which is always interesting you I
can't believe you would like support the
flag of the colonizer the emblem of the
oppressor or something like that I don't
know I deleted the comment because I was
being immature
alright I didn't leave the comment
because not only was I creeped out by
someone who scrolled through far but
also I was just annoyed alright it was
an annoying comment and the immaturity
and me wanted to be like okay but you
we throw down for Thanksgiving dinner
don't you a ka a day of mourning don't
you you probably vote in elections don't
you you probably use the Masters tools
to dismantle the Masters house don't you
and you've probably participated in an
old navy fourth of July sale at least
once like me alone I love a good
flip-flop number four for the purpose of
this video I tried to look back through
my Twitter to find problematic tweets
now apparently yo girl got 41 thousand
tweets spanning a decade well I couldn't
even stomach it to be honest I almost
deleted my Twitter on sites all that
trash is in the Library of Congress in
my mind sitting next to a digital copy
of I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
it's a tweet by me about how Pizza it's
delicious
but it really made me wonder how some of
y'all be finding the problematic tweets
ha look at the time we got the patients
who is paying y'all low key I'm still
thinking about deleting all my tweets
and I gave up trying to comb through and
find a problematic tweet in there
although I know it exists I know it
exists because I'm not perfect I'm not
perfect I never said I was fine okay so
what's the point of all of this I don't
want to revel in being problematic or be
satisfied in my ignorance and I don't
want to be happy with not learning or
not growing quite the opposite actually
this was a good exercise for me to serve
as a reminder to practice patience and
grace with other people because I am
going to really want that same mercy
extended to me when it's on cons if I
ever say something to offend you maybe
say something else for you don't have to
associate with me I understand the
concept of impact versus intent I
understand
Lily I do Lily I do understand I get I'm
just saying remember me I want to be
canceled held accountable sure if I must
yes yes and I'm not talking about crimes
that's enough that's another thing
that's if you find a restorative justice
activist I'm not the one but oh my gosh
she used to fat shame people on
Instagram and now she's like all body
posi and I'm like girl wasn't that the
isn't that a good thing isn't that what
we want when you know better you ideally
you do better if you don't think
people's opinions and mindsets can
change over time as they grow and as
they learn and instead you would just
prefer to toss them like the flaming
garbage that they are then go ahead off
kseniya see more and more we have the
ability to share opinions that nobody
asked for it matter of fact you didn't
ask for Miss for this video all right
but you clicked on it so I'm gonna put
that one on you the things that I
thought versus the things that I think
versus the things I will think in the
future about race or religion or
sexuality or azealia banks or government
politics capitalism Kanye West all those
things are shifting and get this
everything I think doesn't need to be a
public statement instead they can become
personal conversations that I have with
people that I care about or people in my
immediate environment and maybe I'm
showing a little bit of my bias here
because I have access to people and
maybe if you live in a homogenous
community maybe you don't have access to
different types of people and I
understand that like Twitter can be
helpful if you're trying to reach out
and learn but I still believe that as
far as progress goes that if you're in
the arguing mood
are you with your uncle at the family
reunion this summer don't argue or on a
Facebook status with a Ralph Wilkerson
from West Virginia I think what makes me
the most nervous about call out culture
is it creates this immense amount of
pressure to be perfect and instead of
trying to go out into the world and
connect with people and find truth we
bottle it up and stew in our own
ignorant juices
were scared of being wrong all these
thoughts came about because I'm about to
dig into Francesca Ramsey's new book
while that escalated quickly and I feel
like she feels me on this topic that
makes me double interested in the book
because to be honest I viewed Francesca
as a knuck if you buck er on the
internet and I think it's cool that it
seems like she's realized that you can't
spend your time
slamming people her book is available on
audible and she narrated it so I'm
really excited to listen shoutouts
audible for sponsoring today's video
they have a massive selection of audio
books podcasts and other types of
programming you can listen to books to
get your mind right you know I'm saying
so you can be a better human being
you can press play on an audiobook and
listen during that hike that road trip
that's summer vacation so to start your
free 30-day trial membership visit
audible.com slash Evelyn evey e ly n or
text Evelyn - 500 500 you get a free
audiobook you can download my
recommendation which I'm about to start
reading Francesca Ramsey's book will
that escalated quickly or you can choose
which ever book you can find on audible
the book is yours to keep even if you
don't continue your membership because
audible ain't trifling
alright so visit audible.com slash
Evelyn or text Evelyn - 500 500 in the
comments below be honest tell me about a
time where you learned better so you did
better if this whole video wasn't enough
i'll go first in the comments right now
see you there then I will see you on the
internet somewhere bye
