then listen this gonna be a cop out
video because I'm to throw hay to
brought it's me Evelyn
another freaking day another Veda video
when I tell you I have been trying to
think of what to say on this dreaded
piece of Internet content for the past
like three hours so I don't know what's
making this video about like I ah I
don't know I'm having some serious
youtubers block luckily for me usually
when I have youtubers block you don't
see me the books say be ghost since it's
Veda and I the goal is to vlog every day
in April I have to actually come on
camera and talk through my youtubers
blah I talked to myself so much and
honestly that's where ideas for YouTube
videos come about and I'll be like oh
that entire conversation I just had with
myself you should probably have that
with the camera for other people's
viewing pleasure and enjoyment like the
professionally it's superest like the
top youtubers I don't know how they do
it I don't know if they just have faith
that every single idea they have is
going to be good because they're one of
those people that are like hi my name is
such-and-such I make a video every you
know I'm saying Tuesday Thursday and
Saturday and if they don't make a vo
legions of children are going to be like
oh my god where are you oh my god what
is this even I I really don't have
anything I don't look on Facebook for
inspiration but it was just like oh you
know the entire timeline newsfeed - was
just like the slaughter of my fellow
black brethren and I'm just not
not even really too much here and I
don't think people really talk about
that as much how things like that affect
your work and affect your ability to
concentrate quite frankly so I'm just
like whatever
nothing really even matters so in the
comments below to tell me how you fight
your creative blocks how do you get past
bad especially when are you on the
deadline I will tell you when my fury to
risk kicked the pj he has an amazing
video on writer's block and i just think
you should check it out the only solace
I have is that Frank Ocean announced
that he is dropping an album this summer
and that's what's keeping me afloat
right now anyway I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye I required a
laugh it's amazing but a one-man cow
inside my my styrofoam cat
