Heys world it's me Evelyn Veda day
number seven a week never made it huh
without the goodness and the Providence
of the Lord anyway it is a time to go
back to my lutes my roots it's time to
go back to my roots
that's real hair naps oh my gosh my hair
matches my shirt my decide come on tell
you what I'm really liking right now
what I've been using for the past couple
of months so I actually never dyed my
hair purple on camera there's no purple
hair video and that's because I dyed my
hair like the night before I left for
Nigeria I just I had that raggedy dusty
blue hair color and I just needed
something fresh you know so look
presentable the dye I use is Pravana
hair color in the color violet and I
believe it is a salon or professional
brand got it from friend who got from
French stylist I believe the shampoo and
conditioner combo I use shea moisture
superfood complex ten in one renewal
system I got this way back when when it
was exclusively in Ulta I drove to Alta
what I'm doing in Alta color protects
which is what I always need you know all
those nice little adverbs and adjectives
that we look for in a hair product so I
conditioned my hair to detangle it I
shampoo my hair to clean it and then I
use a deep conditioner afterwards to put
a little moisture back in my tresses
favorite right now is alakay naturals
honey and sage deep conditioner this
stuff is so slippery is the perfect
consistency it's most like oh no Jolly
Ranchers in mud I don't know
Blackwell beauty brand started on
YouTube now she and target ain't God
could have also been really loving the
love curl enhancing conditioner by
davines you know I'm from Texas so if
you got to be Spanish maybe it's
Davina's I'm not really
really sure as you can see I love to mix
it with my hair color and kind of do a
touch-up I originally heard of this
brand and I think this product
specifically through get this soothing
sista
yes she's Asian yes her hair is bone
straight what she and I got in common
alright so I've detangled I've cleansed
I have a deep conditioned and now my
hair is rinsed nichette and ready for
styling next is my leave-in conditioner
my bae has been kinky curly knot today
since a smooth mm and maybe 8 2009
absolutely nothing in this world has
come close so you can't get curly knot
today but then what had happened was
shea moisture just went in like if the
whole game up like they just came in and
just not Shea Moisture jamaican black
castor oil strengthen grow and restore
leave-in conditioner it smells like
playdough it is so good like you'd be
putting in your hair and your hair just
like that's what I want head yeah I can
use it on dry hair or wet hair it's just
perfect
this brand is controversial miss
jessie's coyly custard is the best darn
oily custard and you can stay mad no I
did not buy this I don't even know how
much it is I'm really even too much
really one check no mineral oil no
silicones the consistency is a gel and
it's like a a slippery one too it's
runny and I and that's my needs for like
kind of sticky glycerin e but my hair
always feels moisturized whenever I use
this I always have coconut oil on hand I
don't really use it regularly
the problem with coconut oil sometimes
it smells like baby sweat no matter if
it's a fresh brand new bucket of coconut
oil it smells like a bit perspiration
that's it that's everything that I use
on
hair from start to finish links galore
in the video description box you have
any questions go ahead and ask them let
me know your favorite hair products what
you're loving right now what you want to
do with your hair right now are you
giving me Janelle Monae are you giving
me being Mary Jane I'll see you on the
internet somewhere but tomorrow here by
jamaican black castor oil on the off
chance I care about you know my edge
presentation I hope I'll use this
instead of like a edge control
