hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn happy
Monday beta day six she's gonna have to
be an iPhone video for today I'm on my
lunch break I went to thundercloud subs
an Austin original since 1975
thunderclap uh-oh hey Debbie oh hey girl
I got a roast beef sandwich I've never
had roast a roast beef sandwich before I
thought I would just live on the edge um
got my little chips and I got a water
boo with avocado to the Queen Cheers
every day I feel like I failed at
something and every day I wonder why I
can't just do the things that I have in
my mind when you think you need
motivation to do something but really
what you need is discipline because is
anybody ever really motivated to do
everything all the time
no can you ever really achieve maximum
motivation no even your favorite thing
to do sometimes you just don't feel like
doing it so I used to think that I just
lacked motivation inspiration really had
this lack discipline that's a tough pill
to swallow I have a list of things to do
in life I'm talking generally every day
I don't finish it and so every day I'm
faced with the question is this too much
stuff to do or do I just suck I still
know the answer to that question I
assume it fluctuates sometimes I just
suck and sometimes it's too much so
motivation is the fuel for doing what
you're doing
discipline is the strength to do what
you need to do even when you don't want
to do it something discipline is more
necessary to life success than
motivation but how
you get there no I don't have the
answers way I'm trying to figure out
like how to make my morning routine more
like a CEO and less like a college
student
it's been like three going on four years
really since college
and really I don't feel anymore whatever
you don't even get the MA yes Melanie
but there are people who are busier than
me who accomplished more so I do suck I
answered my question in the comments
below
show me your morning routine see on the
internet somewhere bar try meeting at
the same time I'm distracted by this
avocado
