sometimes I catch myself at work do my
little bob cuz that's the music I listen
to and my headphones don't nobody know
I'm not listening to a podcast
um hey to bugs me Evelyn
welcome to Veda day two I just have one
question for you
are you walking HOD oh are you hardly
walking if you're millennial and you're
struggling with your productivity levels
maybe you're not even really that
talented
maybe you just lack discipline um I have
five ways you can see more grown up at
your job unfortunately for me I hate
coffee so what I do is I put a little
juice in a mug and I just walk around
with a mug like I drink coffee like I'm
important but really it's just it can be
cranberry cranberry little toots heart
for you nothing says entry-level louder
than stabbing a capri-sun pouch at your
desk in your email signature you know
how you can set up an email signature
and at the end of every email it'll
already like populate it it'll have like
your name your position a little Bible
verse I don't know what you'll be
putting on your saying but a tip to make
it look like you know you're doing in
line put your middle initial in your
name include your middle initial it's
instant Authority if you go by Kim and
her name is Kimberly put Kimberly H
Jackson first of all you sound like a
Confederate soldier Kimberly H Jackson
you must be a CEO or something huh
but if you like Kim Jackson who are you
freakin millennial I don't trust
anything you say what snapchat tip
number three to tricking people in the
workplace to think
you know more than you really do you
really just have to switch up your
language going forward I think that we
really need to take some time to engage
those key demographics instead of saying
things like let's look at the big
picture that's so 90s
nobody says big picture anymore
high-level can you tell me the scope Oh
scope is another one um can you tell me
the scope of this project just high just
some key high-level points for the
longest time I use the backpack I was
running around looking my cousin Skeeter
go to H&M and get one of these bad boys
huh
why me yes I did not change my clothing
all that changed was the bag
Betsy people notice though I bet you
they did though you want to try and eat
well my experience level has not changed
I feel like I'm just more like I'm ready
like is this is this at your level this
don't stay at your level no shirt up
take notes with a pen and paper when
people see you right in taking notes
like wow you're organized you mean
business you're keeping track now make
no mistake you really are writing I'm
not so you like scribble nothing like
scribble with your non-dominant hand in
the corner somewhere
you really should be taking notes and
like paying attention but I'm just
saying that something nice touch you
wouldn't really do that people go to
Me's and they just kind of like stare at
you you know I say so if you're taking
notes people will know that it's trust
me with those tips plus of course you
know I actually tried to improve you
know your skill set um you should be
well on your way to climb the corporate
ladder and get to where you want to go
as young people we're always going to
struggle with not feeling adequate
qualified really even really knowing
what we're doing more than half the time
sure go to the bathroom have an
existential crisis and then come back
regroup that's another word regroup
okay scope find this book what's the
scope of the project that you're working
on all right and create some action
items see I'm just throwing the I'm
giving you so many phrases action items
of all the ways in which you will tackle
the things on your to-do list and then
go forth and prosper if you have any
tips about how to find success and
achieve your goals in the work place go
ahead and leave a comment here in the
atmosphere you can click to see
yesterday's Veda video see you on the
internet somewhere bye sometimes ya know
hallelujah
