hey two worlds me Evelyn I'm jet-lagged
still it's me Evelyn and it's
International Women's Day I almost fell
asleep hoping the camera does now it's
International Women's Day and you like
my hair color and I'm behind on my
internet but I see a youtubers be doing
um dear knees and talking to their
younger selves you have actually seen my
18 year old self but now I'm a fancy and
free 24 so this is my words to my
younger self dear me
boom you cute haha you're perfect ha no
seriously but just like to commend you
because you have realized that this
right here high school junior high waste
of time
absolutely another waste of time and I
can attest that your 20s
pop it you just stay hitting those books
like you do don't worry about the little
raggedy parties and Fort Worth Dallas
you know I'm saying this subber don't
worry about little raggedy parties cuz
you know what you're trying to travel
the world my door top you don't need
those already parties in the Hearst you
lose bedford Metroplex for why face your
books like you've been doing and I'm
gonna go to college and beyond
I am from beyond dear me recognize early
on
it'll do you a world of good recognize
early on the difference between being
unprepared and being scared oftentimes
you won't want to do something
you think you're unprepared but really
got you more than qualified you just
scared just do it because you got it and
you're good dear I say the best dear me
just go natural light United you hated
this over here getting a prescient curl
and then putting curls back in and you
already got this you're all this can be
yours my job all of it can be yours just
so your mommy don't our livestream or
sure she gonna be like that I have to
watch them like yeah yeah you are just a
little bit weird a little bit strange
mmm and the sooner you stop trying to be
out of what she was trying to be the
sooner you stop trying to be that
whatever that was the sooner that you
will attract all the goodness that you
deserve it's true I'm you plan I know I
know you hated being tall but now that
you stopped growing
a measly five eight huh we could have
reached for the stars we could have been
five eleven it doesn't matter how much
weight you lose or gain those hips are
going nowhere
they're going nowhere I need to know and
accept
No you gonna be cute you're gonna be
real cute so I'm trying to be out in
these streets like you don't need an
inhaler keep your inhaler with you at
all times it's not talking about the
pain thinking about the theme ruminating
Buffy do the baby will it stop yeah
probably but oh isn't that a concept
improvement progression right your
parental units are amazing when you love
them right now something almost ah we
know hormonal what whatever it is you
want to do you can do it so do it if you
can think it you can do it so do it all
the affirmations from everybody else
around you won't matter if you don't
actually believe it for yourself so sure
and believe it trust me I'm you would I
lie oh and you're gonna make this thing
called a youtube channel and you're
gonna have like internet cousins in the
comments below tell me what you would
tell your younger self ladies see you
