nobody knew
she's good I said self-portrait I said
this is for you too
this is Vicky secret Chia doctor with
you right now kind of you my barbecue
she's my friends are doctors eyebrows on
fleek I see senior Chinese in my area
learner
I have to stay away from you and the
camera
so yeah cheer at Jasmine's new apartment
for her birthday lip-syncing contest
apportioning the night sick but Dwayne's
in the shower
we're getting our grub on
going has the mobile page and I have the
captive singer that's good
are you there
so we just got done interviewing a team
how do you bleed for 80 eggs yeah so a
key to the dream it's gonna be in an
episode football small black and we're
pretty excited
um so now I'm kind of home to not watch
that watch the Super Bowl and yeah I
need more medicine
good news is I don't have a fever that's
the good news
bad news is I got like a nose burn
I got like nose burn from rubbing oh so
much wearing in Ghazis hat she gonna be
mad I put in the block and now it smells
like my hair products
it's basically my head there's y'all's
best friend she's reading what are you
reading I don't know how to fly I'm
reading an untamed state by Roxane gay
it is a tragic heartbreaking beautiful
book I am
92% finish of it and you should read it
yes Roxane gay is paying me to puff her
book so I get 10% of the proceeds so go
buy it I'm just gonna drink my water I'm
gonna save the white man's medicine for
the morning so I'm just here doing work
I should have done on Friday this week
is getting my visa low-key slacking on
that
and I'm trying to go to Nigeria without
going for an interview in that well
Georgia because who has time more money
to go that's me though that's all Neto
so I will just continue to drink fluids
and consume the white man's medicine
that really hasn't done much lately
anyway in the comments below tell me
what should they tell me doing she won't
okay in the comments below tell us how
you celebrate Black History Month and
we're not laughing because usually the
celebrate Black History Month the worst
she's that were laughing at the audacity
of limiting Black History Month is 365
pro-black
on this channel we've been here we've
been out here you thought I'd seen faint
gotta be a question where my head is
that it's probably how do you something
about Black History once let me know in
the comments see what I need a haircut
was here
