hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn lately
I've been reading Gabrielle Union's
memoir we're going to need more wine and
I'm not finished with it
most of the end I like two chapters left
but a theme that's been running through
the entire book is how your identity is
shaped by where you live and who you're
surrounded by and how when you're a
squishy impressionable child or
adolescent you learn about yourself your
world and how you fit into it sometimes
in traumatic ways especially when it
comes rain something grace and her book
made me think a lot about how I grew up
so I grew up in Lafayette Louisiana and
I was one of very few black kids in my
classes during elementary school and to
be fair that's probably because I went
to private Christian school for 1st
through 5th grade Louisiana is just
different though you know most of the
way people are Cajun so it's like a
spicy white okay it's like a it's like a
Morsi it's like a better seasoned
white it's like a Tony chattering its
crawfish boil dirty rice type of white
anyway I remember going to a birthday
party and the theme was tea-time super
girly super cute I'm down creating
sandwiches with weird things in them
like cucumbers and they're like cut into
triangles we're sipping tea we're
playing dress-up and my friend's mom had
lavishly arranged for our nails to get
done and for our makeup to be done
now you know a lady did not have Iman
cosmetics in her kit and kaboodle
okay covergirl Queen collection did not
exist in 1997
so I remember this feeling of them doing
their best doing their very best
but these frosted lips instead of look
it's not a look and I felt like the only
person who looked kind of silly you know
sure all at eight-year-olds with makeup
on so we all look kind of kinda
ridiculous but I felt especially silly
you know Sugar Plum Fairy cheeks because
she went ham on the blush cuz it wasn't
showing up it was just a reminder
however innocent that I was different
not my feelings though okay the photo is
still cute I'm still cute then and now
in that headpiece
so the summer I turned ten my mommy was
in school again so my little brother and
I shot a baby blue went to a daycare
summertime program situation and this
program was actually pretty good at
encouraging summer reading and yo girl
was an avid writer and reader I have the
regalia and documentation to back it up
so I remember one day going to the
closest adult finding the nearest
grown-up to tell them that someone had
stolen one of my books I know I didn't
leave it where it wasn't supposed to be
I know I didn't lose a book
I just knew more than bag children had
taken it and I needed someone apexsec yo
I will never forget the look that she
gave me and it's weird to think about
because at the time I didn't have like
the knowledge or a concept of what that
look was I just knew that look was off
it wasn't the look and a dog is a child
when they're on a mission to find
baby-sitters club number 732 and after
having a conversation with his all
busted lady it was very clear that she
didn't believe me
and it wasn't that she didn't believe
someone stole my book she was trying to
wrap her head around she didn't believe
I could read so she thought I was lying
about the existence of a book
oh girl thinks I'm lying because she
don't think I can read the way she was
questioning me about my problem you know
I'm saying I can see you were the
problem the way she was questioning me
she was saying it without saying mm-hmm
internally I was very offended I am ten
whole years old maybe if I was like five
okay but I'm
I am a big kid you see me out here with
my encyclopedia brown utilizing the
Dewey Decimal System don't come for me
and I feel like part of being black I
was like trying to rationalize it away
like I'm gonna do right now like maybe
it wasn't cuz I was but maybe it was
because 10 year olds in the Louisiana
Public School System didn't know how to
read I don't know maybe my age mates
were not hooked on phonics but I once
chopped I don't even remember what
happened after that or like how I
actually responded I just remember
feeling like wow wow so forever she is I
know she don't care about me but still I
hope she knows that I'm well-read well
studied and that I was smarter than her
that I'm smarter than her now and okay
we'll go but what so going to a cobbler
speaking of New Orleans my third and
final story so in the summer of 2002 my
family moved from Louisiana to the
suburbs of North Texas
okay the dallas-fort Worth Metroplex the
hip-hop classic my dougie would not be
released for another five years
and as you all know in 2005 Hurricane
Katrina devastated New Orleans and other
cities along the Gulf Coast of the
United States and a lot of those
families that were displaced ended up
moving to the dallas-fort Worth area
not yet it's not time yet so I was a
sophomore in high school when a lot of
those kids who were displaced showed up
and started coming to our schools I was
in theater class obviously and we had a
new student everybody meet Diamond
hey diamond God morning
diamond diamond had a huge set in his
ear just heavy just dangling Schwing
Schwing I don't know if his name was
diamond on a roll call or that's just
what he said to call him he weighed
about 111 pounds and war
you know was 2005 so he worn clothes
that could fit two of him he said I'm
saying like him in each pant leg
he was so charismatic and friendly and
like he jumped right in into the mix you
know what I'm saying he was hilarious in
theater class he was hilarious
the thing about diamond though is the
head he had thick New Orleans accent
like Nick tell me why tell me why one
time I was asked to translate the
teacher asked me I a hold me a black
student was asked to translate the
English another black student was
speaking now legit the teacher had no
clue and I remember laughing it off uh
like we all kind of laughed it off it's
theater so everything's delivered like
an improv we know that's a joke but I
also remember thinking like this is
really weird
this is really weird uh I don't have the
vocabulary to articulate why this is
weird it feels a tinge a tinge and
appropriate I mean yes I didn't know
what he was saying
so yes I translated I was in the hazel
as a 15 year old you know I had no idea
if there was a more tactful hole
culturally sensitive way for this
education professional okay
adult grown-up to
communicate that they did not understand
what one of their students was saying I
don't know if that exists but I I want I
bet it do I bet you know I never saw him
after tenth grade
I don't know what happened to diamond or
if he ever made it back to Louisiana but
I hear you okay I see you I feel you
okay and most importantly apparently I
understand shout-out to audible for
sponsoring this video they have a
massive selection of audiobooks and
podcasts and other types of programming
that you can listen to and now that
summer time is upon us audiobooks are
great to bring with you on that road
trip are than leisurely hike or basking
in the glow of the Sun on the beach okay
as you're trying to get these melanin
molecules activate to start your free
30-day trial membership visit
audible.com slash Evelyn that's eating a
Hawaiian or text Evelyn - 500 500 you
get a free audiobook with your tribe
membership and you can press play on my
recommendation gabrielle unions we're
going to need one wine or pick whatever
and that book is yours to keep even if
you don't continue your membership so
visit audible.com slash Evelyn or text
Evelyn it's a 500 500 thanks so much for
watching in the comments below
I want to hear your stories any culture
any upbringing
tell me a funny story of a time where
you were like what should be money and I
will see you on the internet somewhere
bye
