I was just one the vlog is Kaitlyn and
she works and Cromer as you can see here
Tori oh she's doing inventory so she's
counting all the Jesse Carl Hutchins
hundreds alone patent it with TLC loving
care
so buy from chrome art what are you
doing was gonna do great sportsman it's
a little chilly awesome yeah it's quite
chilly so I'm not sure where I'm gonna
end up but it will be some awesome
artists we were gonna go to baby a's but
we're gonna go to one up north and
that's like opposite of you okay well
you have a good friday i'm about to get
my life at baby she's a grown up
do you want to tell us sir
can you see that little woman she's 28
he's my role model she her house has
like decoration so that's the mark of a
grown-up
that's it
half-price I think I'm done
the only thought the one I can this is
how am i doing
it's only it's only 8:35 so happy Friday
to see you tomorrow
rise and shine and give God the glory
glory rise and shine and give God the
glory glory rise and shine and get about
it's Saturday 8:45 in the morning I can
wake up this early what a weekend would
come Monday through Friday I'm like for
what look at that hmm should I be bold
should I lean on Jesus the ball is 3,500
now so we have two weeks to raise a
thousand dollars my books are due at the
library and I never read them so that's
a fail but I haven't I mean I read all
the children's books obviously I just
never finished the grown-up ones um so I
have to go to the library today and
return them cuz the last time I had $10
in late fees where'd I do that
so I got my Korean pastry she got her
Venus
we have cheer in Asian town all the
complex
it's a place I'll link it in the
description box I'm not just calling it
that like that's what's called I trying
to tell sorry about that it's my bad
um t-shirt of the day Maxwell concert
2014 he's still got it
best BAE they went with Gloria and it
was magical you got the air
Okara fabric snap back up with a link in
the video description box for where I
got it I bought a full price so now I'm
just waiting for Priscilla to come over
I'm helping her film an application
video just a quick little thing because
she's going to go on and beast at life
see how I take like long as my own ninth
grade students
we worked hard that year but we kept
bumping into the same issue low-income
communities of color are still
disproportionately subjected to the
lower expectations and less resources so
I'm hungry I was much go run errands but
running errands while you're hungry is
not a good idea some avocado egg tomato
toes random veggie chips and water it's
such a beautiful day in the neighborhood
a beautiful day to be neighbor what
three hours later I found pants I win
bros free shopping no shopping just
picked up veg I went to AT&T store to
see about my see about getting a new
phone and then I come home on the drive
home I remember and there do they were
doing today hey man I'm late feeling on
I'm just gonna sit here and eat my hero
and watch gaben babe can you see her
are you see huh ah all right now I can
howl I fed myself I got juice I'm
addicted to juice the goal is to have
this last the whole week I don't know if
I can do it
shut up dawn got a bag of green beans
three onions a cucumber garlic to master
ah no yes a pineapple it was only 98
cents then I got some grapes then I got
crushed Tomatoes a plain yoghurt and
cardamom because this week's meal is
chicken tikka masala well I have stuff
to make split pea soup I hate soup oh I
don't hate soup I'm a super s'en but I
had the stuff to make it so I'm gonna
have to make it so I'm going to make
split pea soup and it after that
make chicken tikka masala so that's in
the menu for this week
I need like the same thing every every
day every day that I resist the urge to
go to Chipotle oMG jointed the dishes I
could just thank her in real life but
I'll bake you in the vlog so you have to
watch the Box know how much I appreciate
that
Austin fixes weird
um liberal but not really no basketball
players sometimes blink but laughs I was
a pimp robbed them when you have two
parties coming together it's marriage
after marriage you have honeymoon those
other people were they perception Oh
what other they rolled out on the other
side of the people you're married to
their in-laws the night is young but we
are not we
good day oh happy Sunday I'm going to
make air freshener I don't buy your
freshener anymore I make my own any
alcohol a spray bottle you can recycle
and your favorite essential oils
lemongrass and spearmint three fourths
over the way up with water we supposed
to use filtered water but rubbing
alcohol and fill it the rest of the way
you're going to add a few drops of your
essential oil two three four five six
seven eight
whatever I'm just my careful with
spearmint because it literally burns if
you if I were to drop a drop on my skin
my skin would burn so be very careful
one two three four
oh all right test it out lovely that's
lovely that's also that's love
we aren't headed to some place Lucy's
fried chicken for brunch with Dawn's
spell do why I n I'm saying
doyon and even that is not a really
proper
um and we're gonna see your family yes
that includes TJ with your parent Lee
love yeah Emily what's up this
this is oh I can't tell is that oh look
at that now smile
hi can you sky smiles that's my chicken
I don't want to be famous I don't want
to be slim what's going on are you
I was inside that I don't know on that
wonderful of y'all I don't know y'all
love y'all
Phil I love you guys so we all cheer
going to go to the ATT store so I'm
getting to fall so say goodbye to the
vintage iPhone 4s and say hello to me
iPhone 5s still kind of vintage planned
obsolescence elusive every time but
don't play into it just get what you can
afford puree just like the cook I pureed
half of this the recipe said to do I'm
gonna combine the two
the puree and the rest of it and have a
nice soup a little bit of cilantro for
garnish oh that's good and that'll be my
lunch for lunch and dinner for her ever
long until I have to cover good Sunday
evening leaving it's washday wash my
hair
every Sunday so this week I'm just going
to co wash my hair instead of shampoo
and condition I'm just going to wash
with conditioner and Amanda gave me this
Herbal Essences honey I'm strong to try
out so hope you like it because that's
what I'm going to be using cohosh but
it's the conditioner out of my hair that
is called a to wash and I'm now going to
be using a leave-in conditioner I'm
using pon Mitchell curls colorful curls
full circle even I have a review on this
from way back in the day yes I still use
it could apply this to all of my hair
and twist the top of my hair and just
where it's not bad for a day or two and
then then I'll style my hair for over
before I like sit down to be on the
computer for the rest of the night and
then go back and try to pack my
breakfast and lunch for work so that I
won't be tensed - originally I'm using
an old cilenti jar in here I have
oatmeal brown sugar and cinnamon it
smells yummy
and so I'll just make that in the
morning put some almond milk on top and
some fruit if I have any that's suitable
for oatmeal for lunch like I said I made
soup grapes
and then okay so I get hungry again
carrots and hummus and then cakes I can
bring it in boom chicka pow
that's how I try to stay relatively
healthy so um that's it for this vlog
lol to those of you who thought I was
going to be a daily vlogger um but I
will try to keep this up and vlog on the
weekends so thanks for watching and I
will see you next weekend
ah wait see you on the internet
somewhere
