hey to world it's me Evelyn - Tony Daly
and boy tagged me challenged me
nominated me in the ALS ice bucket
challenge um alright so ALS stands for
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and what
it is is it's a progressive meaning
overtime neurodegenerative disease
meaning that over time the motor neurons
in your brain that go down to your
spinal cord die off and you slowly
become paralyzed according to the ALS
website this disease would be considered
rare being that 30,000 people in the
United States I have this at any given
time in a year but I don't ascribe to
this notion that because something is
not an epidemic it doesn't require
attention or that it somehow doesn't
affect people as bad I don't know
personally anybody with ALS but hey I
might have internet cousins who have ALS
and I definitely have loved ones who
have rare conditions to date the ALS ice
bucket challenge has read the donations
associated with it have raised sixty two
point five million dollars about this
challenge though so I would do the ice
bucket challenge but the way my
twist-out set up Tony and the boy off
should have caught me the day after so
that the 24 hours would then fall on my
wash day I would do the ice bucket
challenge but like the way this Texas
drought is set up I don't even have
grass to pour the water on will just be
like going down the drain I'll be doing
it in my bathtub and the water would go
down the drain so I am going to humbly
and peacefully bow out I'm going to
donate I don't know if I get to tag
people even though I didn't do the whole
deal just for the heck of it I'm going
to tag my bay doing a christina fuji
files mahogany nuts and bonus
Olivia in juju okay not naturally did
not believe I'm tagging Olivia enjoy all
jokes people all jokes anyway if the
spirit moves you to donate or to learn
more about ALS all the links will be in
the video description box below if you
are my internet cousin and you have ALS
or you know someone who does feel free
to leave your stories in the comments
below all I do is hop up on a camera if
what I'm saying but me
Wikipedia Inc things is really no match
for your stories and I will see you on
the internet somewhere bye five months
ago I was diagnosed at 26 years old
iOS is so so scary you have no
idea right now my hands are starting to
ask for your way they're getting weak I
apologize for my rant and for my tears
but if I don't if I simply dump ice on
my head I don't think you're really
going to get the point
