oh she's got the pop lock and drop in a
bit of paint you brought me up a real
quick video because like they tell me
that like consistency is key to like
YouTube video in this video and I'm
headed to New Orleans surprise first
fest I'll be doing various things like
such as holler at me on Instagram and
square
alright now on to the video it's about
my hair
Aiko washed it yesterday and detangled
it thoroughly and it is dry in these
twisties I just thing where my baby
hairs the dye slides clean off like it's
not green or turquoise it's blonde so I
have blonde edges and it's just not you
I don't know putting my hair like this
makes me want to like do it be a tight
one I'm waiting for some Pravana hair
color because I heard it's the face so
I'm waiting for that to come in then I
like actually bleach my hair and do it
with that but in the meantime in between
time I'm just going to some Manic Panic
atomic turquoise give me Sam you know
I'm not gonna fight this green that is
just trying to take over my father calls
I will go with atomic turquoise which
undoubtedly has green undertones
alright so it's not a tutorial or
anything I'm just shiny ye do so first
you want to put on a shirt you don't
mind staining I thought it was coenzyme
but me gloves I get the black one
because black is beautiful
alright section number one alright you
just do that in a fashion like such as
and then I get tired of it and I just
use mine it's really all you do slap
some dye in your head
break it through maybe separate your
hair and make sure your roots aren't
random orange so this blue dye won't
change the color of my roots my natural
dusty black roots
I'm just really smearing it to get make
sure the green and the orange that was
there before is covered by a blue of
some sort you want to see my conduct me
shot Lucas Michael technician yeah Maya
for a oh okay
oh yeah you can ask me about breakage my
guys been breaking since the day I went
natural like like if you've been
watching my youtube channel for a long
time when have I ever come up on here
and been like is this a shed hair is
this a broke tear like I've never been
one of those people hair comes out my
head and it has not alarmed me yet so
when I do I'll be sure to let you know
okay so I don't know if you'll see an
after because I'm not gonna do my hair
tomorrow just to go on a plane so follow
me on Instagram to see the finished
product it's not going to be anything
revolutionary it's basically just my
hair except even this time instead of
like green blue green blue blond
you know just another day y'all want to
know like hair color stuff it's stuff
like this this little stuff but I never
put on videos it literally took me like
30 minutes less than 30 minutes to do
this entire process so I'll leave this
on until I don't feel like leaving the
song anymore
hair color man just trying to be a
magical black girls really all I do my
area ma there see on the internet
somewhere about
