hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn this
actually water so you can shut up is
what you can do you don't believe me huh
there what clear why because it's water
but several people have asked for this
video josie has hinted that i might make
this video so i guess i gotta make the
video not explaining myself but it's
just sharing some things that I noticed
when Josie and I talked about Africans
versus African Americans over on her
YouTube channel and we also did a
Twitter chat under the hashtag black
like me I'll put all those in the video
description box so you can see all those
for context but basically the comments
for the most part I would say they were
positive it was cool to see how many of
you all are like me
first generation whatever's the reason
I'm making this video is to share some
things that I learned based off of the
more not- i'ma call y'all confused on a
story short in that video with Josie I
said that I identify as black first and
then after that comes the United States
comes Kenya comes kick you if you want
to get into like tribal into the whole
tribal feel out of people were mad
confused and the comments reflected that
and a couple people in my mentions
really reflected that and maybe think of
ways we can be more constructive with
our discussion when Josie and I were in
Houston I had made a response but I was
on one I basically said stay pressed and
be blessed
while that sentiment still stands I do
want like I said to be a little more
constructive so here are three things
that I learned number one identity is
intersectional not mutually exclusive a
lot of people did not do not understand
that we can be multiple things at the
same time
y'all don't think it's possible for
someone to be from the UK and from
Nigeria a Nigerian breats Britpop
princess Patricia bride's hello the
world is not implode if you claim two
things the world also does not implode
if you rank your identities because of
their relevance in your day-to-day life
my tribe has zero relevance in my
day-to-day life walking down the street
nobody said hey lady back he could girl
with it no I'm saying that being from
the US does not cancel out my Kenyan is
my heritage being in Kenya does not
cancel the fact that I am a citizen of
these United States of America the world
is still spinning kind of like what I
was saying in number one the second
thing that I learned from looking at
some of the confused comments is that
identity is about experience and history
circumstance and DNA my experience I was
born here I was raised here I have lived
nowhere but here but it is also my
history word in my parents come from
where did their parents come from and
that together makes my identity it is
circumstance and it is DNA I have
absolutely no control over the fact that
my parents decided to move here to the
United States instead of the UK for
example I could have been British Danny
dad but then there's also DNA frying
there's also your phenotype and genotype
that is what makes me look the way I
look it's all it's all out of my hands
and this is where I have to kind of take
my own advice because there were a
couple people in the comments of that
video who said they don't identify with
being black just Jamaican and I'm like I
personally don't understand that
especially when that person later told
me they've never been to Jamaica
that has to do with our varying values
placed on experience versus DNA I put a
lot of experience on where do you live
some people don't they put a lot of
experience on where their family lived I
remember going to the airport what does
a jumbo Kenyatta Airport take a look at
my passport the guard is huh
huh get one of these they said Kaka car
something that's why Haley gonna what
the heck they're saying I'm not as
Kenyan as they are but there's nothing I
can do about that granted once I hit
this any real quick once I win this Emmy
all of candy gonna be like yeah we
always know this one is the most
important one of all the three that I
think will help us all just be better
earthlings
in order to have constructive productive
kind discussions we have to learn which
people in the comments did not do not
have this skill at all of you just small
small we have to learn how to lift
someone up without disrespecting someone
else whoa Sammy I don't know never got
that word let me give you an example you
can say that it's cool that it's
interesting that I have another culture
apart from where I was born and raised
you can set you can find the value and
the beauty in that you can tell me so
Evelyn it is so cool
and you need samosas instead they're
delicious but in the same breath in the
same comment people will then say
because black people don't have a
culture because black people are mixed
er because black people who aren't real
African someone in my mentions I forget
her name she said black people she used
the word dilute and I was just like are
you calling people mutts now I don't I
don't know where this is going let me
pull out the chairs even have a seat why
in order to lift me up do you have to
then put down my cousin the same the
same breath that black Americans ain't
got no calls our number one was the line
number to do better let's do something
interesting
hi father oh I'm doing good how are you
what do you identify as because you are
now more recently a citizen of the
United States so
interesting hi mother do you do you see
me as Kenyan or American Duffy you know
me ditches the place that you have is
when he was born
are you kidding doc you wear hair all
right well then it's just very very
recently that you went through the
process to become an American citizen
okay right okay yeah he even gave the
same example of Iranian American yeah
okay bye
interesting rental units
you know the givers of my chromosomes
stay pressed be blessed and remember to
uplift someone you don't need to knock
your brother down cuz that's not cute
and God sure doesn't have
my god disgust see you'll see it
somewhere but do not all Chapel yes
mm-hmm I like cooking native food okay
ah and
