hatred well it's me Evelyn this video is
sponsored by my lack of eyebrows I just
want to show you my hair deep
conditioning it so it's kind of white I
use natural lighting I don't have lights
or anything so the lighting from my room
does a really show that my hair still
looks like this you might think my hair
is black mostly because my hair is
pulled back and my roots aren't entirely
growing my hair is still blue it has
faded too this weird green aqua thing
which is okay I guess umm I said I never
wanted green hair cuz I look like a tree
my face being the branches but uh-huh
I'm starting to be okay with the fact
you see all that green I know I have no
edges the bleaching hasn't like done
anything to my curl pattern my curl
pattern isn't God I've always had weird
tentacle curls flat back the head
genetics
hope this is in focus but I actually
keep my hair the same length so when
anybody says oh my god your hair grew
your lip actually lying because I
actually cut my hair pretty regularly
for in action yes my little struggle
pony tip if you have any questions I
want to make a cute video like my
balloon hair gallery button goes out for
that right now
all right so good morning
it's like teal green and the front
section is still pretty blue so I
usually put a headband on because now
it's a shame headband
