hi YouTube world it's me Evelyn the
other day I was just like minding my own
business thought walking down my Twitter
- I noticed a lot of tweets and retweets
about princess Carter
so some useless goats senseless cow try
to change that work petition to tell
Beyonce and jay-z to do Blue Ivy's hair
a little bit mo bettah that whole
petition was started because a paparazzi
snapped a photo of the family looking
rough but low-key disgruntled is Blue
Ivy and jay-z's neutral face like that's
just like what they resting face is just
perpetually not here for much that
recently coupled with pictures in the
past the Blue Ivy not even really even
too much here for your curl definition I
guess kind of sparked this petition on
change.org I'm not gonna sit here and
tell you it I'm perfect and that if it
was like my cousin or like some kid
running through Dollar General that I
wouldn't find this funny I can't promise
you that because I'm only human but I
will say when it comes to Blue Ivy
Carter though you lose why don't know
why because she came out the womb better
than you I don't know the context of the
photograph but I feel like she was
playing a sandbox of diamonds do you
realize that a magazine photoshoot of
Blue Ivy's edges not her face just her
edges probably would cost the magazine
more than my family's collective student
loan debt I'm talking it's worth more
than my higher education Blue Ivy
probably has enough real American
dollars in her plastic Minnie Mouse cash
register to buy out Miss Jessie's
Carol's Daughter kinky curly Mitch
chicks and still have enough coin left
to pay all the african aunties in varna
living wage to make you some shea butter
my dumb blue is above your edge tamer
she's above your boar bristle brush
satin bonnet satin pillowcase satin /
silk scarf she's above your toothbrush
of brown and pro gel and she is above
them clickety clack of hair
Cliff's her family has sacrificed maybe
just jay-z I really know if Beyonce
really even too much hood but jay-z came
from zero I think so that his daughter
might not have to live a life where she
gets bucked in the eye by the marbled
hair clip Eclipse what are they called
we all know aunty Solange could hook yo
girl up with a twist out um cousin
Julius Julian whoever he is probably has
some juices and berries
you know spritzing his curls he could
slide it his cousins way we already know
that but that's not the point we all
know that our natural hair textures are
still to this day automatically seen as
unkempt or messy or untidy and even
within the group of women who rock their
natural hair you gotta be roll tucked
and pin twisted and curl it's got to be
raked and shaped washed and bowed in
order for you to be like a legitimate
like you can't just even really even too
much you be all I'm trying to say is let
me not catch your raggedy kids running
through the aisles of Ross let me not
catch them looking less and favorable
while you are dressed to the nines
talking about woman crush Wednesday
can we not on today can we refrain can
we allow her hair line to flourish
I hear putting box braids on a
five-year-old wondering why they have no
edges by the time they seven all that
matters that that's their child Blue
Ivy's happy she has way more coins than
any of us ever will combined and if her
parents aren't pressed over them tresses
why should she be just let our babies
live they life and focus on massaging
castor oil onto your own dwindling edges
rub them temples see you on the internet
somewhere Bob
random announcement I'm trying to go to
the motherland South Africa to be exact
so if you're from south africa and you
want to maybe see me there or you just
like to see
of me not in Austin Texas go ahead click
the link the video description box and
vote for my team it's comprised of my
BAE doyon Rae rose on YouTube and Wolsey
on YouTube so I would appreciate your
vote and I will see you on the internet
somewhere bye
