hey it's a world it's me Evelyn I'm me
and rush me Oh
Ramsey me.com on YouTube it was like
texting this is my texting thumb
wouldn't it be really cool to like send
each other stuff items of our choosing
send them to each other don't nobody
know what is in the package from the
other person and then we will open it on
camera
summer Kelsey switched with Erica Fey
and I thought it was so nice you know
I'm saying like I liked that vibe and I
have my package here and I am so excited
I never believed in no white Santa Claus
I was a high for this package like I
never been high for a package before are
you ready all right well this not even
the president I'm like a toddler marched
in the packaging this is cute oh oh
this horn thank God we aren't the only
freak he I had so much fun putting this
box together for you I hope you like
everything see you on the internet
somewhere and then she quoted stretch
Jack be nimble on them hoes who said it
I did they all clean I'll clean this
later I'll clean it later let me show
this to you look at all of look look at
this what what is it what is it I don't
know I don't but they just three and up
which is exactly my age range yes if it
had just been a box would above them
walked inside
I live in happy Trader Joe's dark
chocolate Tahitian vanilla caramels can
you zoom zoom hey looking just organic
you're lying brushed magical black girl
phone case Matt magical
it's a magical black girl phone case
with the same I'm Kyra print that is in
my logo my header on my YouTube that's
fine
that's ok that's blue so she sent me the
Trader Joe's just mango slices which is
so hilarious because I was going to send
these to her with the distance from my
house to Trader Joe's so if you watch
your video you'll see the substitute
that I sent her and this is sweetened
and dried mango slices what get out of
town
oh it says from the Internet's in case
you can't read oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
minnie bobby pin from bo dojo original
sounds like a black girl beauty bread
sounds like a hashtag BG baby it's a
little bobby pin so the flower bobby pin
from backfire but it's not busted like
the bobby pins that I make um it's so
cute fleur de sel caramels seesaw y'all
this is sea salt caramels if you know me
you know about my sweet tooth is strong
it is so strong so diction D soft
caramel sea salt caramels this presence
just keep coming my cup overfloweth
y'all you only have to zoom in you know
what these orange stripes me you know
it's a little burger gift card now I'm
like as much can i reek can i rescind my
package is that the word can i i'm not
even focused kelly do i redo for old
times sake dang is them lip glosses wait
what
did I lipgloss from Victoria's Secret
right let's say like bounce overlay
let's keep it going
yo from Trader Joe's apple carrot fruit
sauce crushers it's basically I might
have to pop this open pureed um fruit
it's for babies again I'm a I'm a
toddler button is open
I need my hydration and my vitamins and
minerals period keratin apples delicious
and nutritious don't sleep the eatin
body works jojoba monoi line the oil the
deep conditioner the conditioner which
I've never tried shampoo is never tried
and the hair milk look is Loki bomb I
work at naturally calm and you think I'd
be a product junkie but it's like get
that conditioner out of my face man so
whenever I have a part that I do like it
usually takes me a long time to actually
get it because I can't justify it so I'm
gonna try to try these
control-alt-delete come on
control-alt-delete and their cups I am
at a loss for words
I hate people say that loss so you had a
loss oh sorry I'm a little baby juice
wasted
I've been subscribed to rush news videos
for years ultra videos I loved I love
her I love you
rush me thank you so much for these
presents magical material expressions of
your generosity I hope you like the
package I sent you if you're watching
this and you want to see what I got her
go ahead and click the annotation I put
in song right on my face and the link
will also be in the video description
box this looks fine see on the unit
somewhere box has Amanda Jones s soccer
boom diggy go god yeah
