Hey - bro that's me Evelyn this past
weekend I went to Louisiana with my mom
she booked my flight and I've met her in
New Orleans to go to a graduation
those of you who don't know I grew up in
Lafayette Louisiana and we have some
really close family friends in New
Orleans so we would often go from
Lafayette to New Orleans
oh they're basically look like my family
I just loved them so much and so I was
ready to go some buzz out of this state
and go to New Orleans for the graduation
he got there on a Friday so we just
spent that first day chillin eating some
food every day like it
mmm
it's missing and then Saturday was a day
graduation day like all graduations
maybe like five too many speeches but
you know I made a dude it was a really
small class and we watched the little
one snuggle anymore we watched her walk
across the stage and walk into the next
chapter of her life
and then we all spend the rest of the
day just cooking food and eating food
and talking and actually this is a
cassava
yeah yes okay
before this cloud just before the flower
are you ready are you ready to leave and
I think I am any words of advice for
people who are going to graduate next
year
just enjoy high school as long as you
can because it goes back best
congratulations to all of the graduates
class of 2014 you made it but and if you
want me to do a Google+ Hangout
I'm talking specifically about
graduating from high school or maybe
you're graduating from college if you
would like a google hangout where you
ask me any questions about that I would
be more than willing to do that but let
me know in the comments below if you are
the class of 2014
Congrats to you dressed all the
graduates and I will see you on the
internet somewhere but I don't know why
we ever left I don't know why cuz exes
is low-key when compared
