hey to world it's me Evelyn happy Sunday
Veda day 27 is just a reminder that my
live Veda here on Google+ slash YouTube
is going to be tomorrow night
Monday April 28th at 8 p.m. Eastern 7
p.m. central and I'm really excited to
talk to all of y'all in somewhat of a
real-time situation God Jani go to
natural she tagged me the TMI tag and
I've seen people do this tag it is way
too long so I chose 10 questions
question number one last place you were
I was at hot daddy's getting burger
wasted the meaning behind my youtube
name google has allowed me to become
Evelyn from the Internet's but my url is
still spicy Eve and I hate that name it
was kind of like oh let me get a YouTube
account because I'm like commenting on
people's stuff all the time
spicy was actually my AOL was my aim
username yo like so I was like let me
just be spicy we don't relieve a matter
and then I was stuck with it once I
started putting my videos on YouTube so
I pray for the day where I can be
youtube.com slash Evelyn from the
Internet's don't call me sparse ehave
what are you wearing t-shirt with the UT
hook um long horn thingy sign on it that
is my alma mater hug um stop calling me
for donations I don't have monies yet
ever been in love
what is your zodiac sign well apparently
I'm a Leo and apparently I don't act
like a Leo
whatever that means I don't be like hey
I'm the best I'm the best I guess has
what Leo's supposed to do but I mean I
do put my face on the internet and
scroll through comments of people
telling me they love me
quality you look for in a partner on
like a surface level or no Lucas gotta
have a dimple and be able to draw well
and it's like smile for me one time and
draw a map in United States without
using stencil loud music or soft
I prefer loud music even if it's chill
if you want a blast some um Johann
Sebastian Bach it better be on a
thousand trillion ducted I don't have
duck that if to actually have no idea
what composer it was that I was ever
been in a physical fight no but I have
been swept away in one and that's not
very fun the fight comes like a ocean
wave and like oh my god and I got
carried away in the fight and of course
administration can't really discern who
started a fight because like everybody
is inside and so they just be given
everybody ATP and linoleum do anything
no no last thing that made you cry was
my friend crying was a good cry that it
was a good cry thing is I'm a
sympathetic crier so because I saw her
tear up I started to tear up also
sympathetic vomiter so if you start to
gag I will throw up right along with you
that's what you call a ride-or-die
favorite pickup line when I'm walking
down the street and somebody's like hey
my Nubian sister my queen of sheba and
then i ignore them and i magically
transform I take a metamorphosis yeah
you all nappy-headed how anyway
anybody would talk to you anyway I love
it it's my favorite anyway I think
that's it that's ten questions from the
50 question TMI tag the TMI tag is not
really TMI it comes below tell me which
one of the questions that I answered
like do it be resonating with you I will
see you tomorrow live on YouTube
so can i monetize this video warned all
