hey to world it's me Evelyn so let me
tear about the time that I had the most
Severus
chub rub imaginable Dave Chappelle is
somewhat back
he's been touring a little here and
there and he came to Austin a while ago
and so of course I went to go see him it
is hot sweaty and I'm wearing a skirt I
tell you I wanted to rip my thighs off
if you don't know what chub-rub
is chub rub is when your thighs are big
enough to where they start to rub
together and cause friction and that
friction can cause chafing general
discomfort or in my case extreme pain my
thighs was on fire I walked all the way
to my car found any old random bottle of
water I don't know about your car Mike I
be having like seven different bottles
of water from like seven different
months and so I found them bottles of
water I poured it all over my lap I was
just sitting in the driver's seat
pouring water on myself because the
chub-rub was just out of control but I'm
not going to let that traumatic
experience deter me from enjoying this
coming summer so last year I bought a
swimsuit from swimsuits for allcom I
tried to get the limited edition
swimsuit by Gabi fresh Gabi fresh comm I
was trying to get her galaxy swimsuit it
didn't fit me so I gave it to doing it
but I did get a neon green swimsuit and
I loved it it made me feel amazing
wasn't worried about my back fat I
wasn't worried about the chub rub that
eventually would like ruin my life on
any particular day I wasn't worried
about all that I just wanted to lay
somewhere in the sunshine and get black
ashtag black girl magic so this year
Gabi of Gabi fresh calm has another
swimsuit with swimsuits for all and of
course I smashed it I'm going to do a
quick unboxing and let you know what it
looks like it's called the Nala cut out
underwire and I got the top in a size 14
bottom in a size 18 and it
perfectly hallelujah so this is what it
looks like this has a underwire I don't
have big tickle biddies but I still need
support because I can tell I'm going to
be a duo boobies hang low today wobble
to the flow can you tie them in and now
eyes can tell that's going to be me in
like a clean five years stuff so it has
this extra fabric at the bottom kind of
like a bustier less like a bra because
abroad would just be the cup and the
back looks like that so much support my
back fat
conveniently is right underneath you can
still see it but that's okay it has
little cutouts in the middle is perfect
and then the bottom I got these in size
18 it's high-waisted same pattern look
besides oh that looks good if I go
swimming I guess I'll take a picture or
something girl
just trust me all that to say is cherish
the day won't go straight won't be
afraid won't leave you running catch you
running what my birthday is this summer
and I'm going to be 24 and I have zero
time to not like myself like that is
just the biggest waste of time so this
summer my wish for you is that you have
fun you be my cat and that you get ass
black as you can that's the goal summer
2014 hashtag Lego hashtag let's do this
hashtag on about that life see you on
the internet somewhere but shameless
Maya
you're nervous about going out and being
Nick X in a bathing suit and you're
worried about your Jigglypuff's you'll
go out and they'll be in your jelly
puffs and you might be uncomfortable but
I bet I can guarantee you you won't die
