hazy world Smee Evelyn happy Veda day 23
I believe this is did you know that you
have to ask for real eggs at Denny's if
you just say eggs no that's not enough
you have to specifically say you want
real eggs what have I been eating if not
X ho cheese sauce and that led me to
think about the fake foods that we eat I
rebuke pasteurized cheese product craft
go on somewhere they can't even call it
cheese when in doubt look at the label
have you ever opened fridge look and it
says orange juice drink you have grape
drink
it's just that purple stuff because
legally they can't call it juice the
other day I was grocery shopping and I
saw a jar of guacamole sitting on a
shelf now let me maybe you don't know
guacamole is guacamole is me out of
avocados I didn't want to pick it up I
was just like peeping it on the shelf
kind of like flabbergasted
how can wacom only be in a jar that's
not refrigerated I did it was just like
creamy it looked like green goop it
didn't look like the delicious goodness
omega fatty acid goodness that is chunky
guacamole aguacate on espanol i was so
disgusting
sitting over there by some being dead
like how does that even work if you know
anything about avocados then you would
know that avocados turn brown so fast it
doesn't mean they go bad necessarily but
once you expose them to the air they
started like oxidized or whatever you
have to like sprinkle lemon juice or
lime juice to keep them green that's
after like the clean 15 minutes that
they start to turn brown get it sitting
in a jar though I'm just whatever bro
like what if you want to eat that
whatever no I'm not want to talk because
I do be going in on some water burger
and who knows
as made out of how did we get here can a
girl dream that one day when someone
orders eggs the assumption is that they
want real eggs one day every human on
this earth can afford to experience the
glory that is actual cheese Mekons below
tell me what food you find disgusting
see you on the internet somewhere but by
the way I want to have one of my Vedas a
lie so in the comments below let me know
what time of day of course after 5 p.m.
that she would be able to tune in and I
won't probably announce what I end up
deciding in tomorrow's Rita alright big
