hey YouTube world so little birdie told
me you haven't detangled your hair in
that second is that true how about you
come closer and show us the neglect yes
hmm
busted and dusted okay do you want my
help
alright this what you do go grab you a
drink cuz this might take a while and
you can't be out here dehydrate let's
find you something to watch illegally on
the Internet's oh we're missing the hair
products go go grab I'm looking into
everything get you a black girl beauty
brand shea butter whip some shampoo grab
you some conditioner and you're pretty
much ready are you ready my bad I forgot
to say to stretch Jack be nimble on the
most stretch it out work it out and now
we begin divide your hair into sections
make them more manageable and yes your
hair will get caught in your fingernail
so how do you grow long fingernails
holler out that shea butter whip must
fight in your hands and run it through
your hair and begin the detangling
process you're going to have to pull
your hair apart strand by strand
god that's a knot what good
no judgment if calm music is required
after you're done just twist it up and
move on to the next section oh my god
what's wrong did you want into another
tank oh you know you're an ugly crier
you show me the tango it can't be that
bad is that a bud like at the end of a
lock so you get for having a loose
natural hazier to lock that hole a long
time ago
did you drink your drink and regroup
well look it's breakage congratulations
you're done detangling approximately
one-half of all the hair on your head oh
wow you're done already I'm ready to
shampoo in detangle your hair now or no
