hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn this
video is going to be about the time that
I almost didn't graduate from college
sit down children was my last semester I
was taking what was it a magazine class
where our entire project for the year
was your own magazine so you had to
create it from scratch and like you had
to have a business plan for it as well
and like you had to actually know the
price of paper and get stuck by the rain
here's the thing children going to
school college included is about
following directions and then not being
in college and not having a job is about
solving problems so in college I'm still
on my follow directions mindset I take
the lead from the teacher if you seem
like a lacks teacher I'm gonna be laxed
if you seem like a strict teacher like
one of my other professors he was like
on the dock he was the director of the
journalism school that he was on one so
I was on one this professor of the
magazine class he wasn't really only and
everybody the class would get this
feeling like he ain't really too much
even pressed you thought I'm saying over
the assignments like the completion of
the assignments and like doing them on
time I had gone the whole semester with
no problems whatsoever then we have to
turn in our final little booklet thing
and the thing is you have the last day
of class but then you have the last day
grades are taken now since he is so
lacks I said let me go ahead and give it
to him just some time before grades are
due in the gradebook computer system
thing that was really a good idea he was
like oh my gosh you're late this was the
first time this man had ever mentioned
anything about a deadline he was like I
don't think I'm gonna take this project
it was a class for my major obviously
I'm a senior class my major without that
class I wasn't going to graduate hmm was
a feeling it wasn't feeling it at all I
forgot what I said
feel like I made something up made some
sort of excuse oh I remember what I did
I played the ta against the professor
sorry for your TA that's a whole other
dynamic like miscommunication had
happened on their part so I think I just
like shifted it on to that relationship
ah and kind of made them go on and he
had no choice but to accept my project
like it was on time and I ended up
getting like an a on it or something did
he even grade it did he even grade it
I'm sure I didn't look terrified on the
outside because I generally don't look
how I feel on the outside but on the
inside I was like oh my god
I don't know what I'm going to do I'm
not going to graduate on sight I'm going
to bring dishonor to my family
oh my but in the end you know I
graduated he was one of the people
handing out diplomas or something so he
was on the backstage kicking it I'm like
you really gonna smile at me right now
all that to say teachers just be about
it if you want stuff done a certain way
make it seem like you care that you want
it done a certain way
students just submit things on time even
even if yo teach a trifle and just
submit it on time and now I have a
degree you don't anything it was all
worth it right race you'll need it
somewhere but if I don't get this D
Glade I'm going to literally down
