hey Darrell it's me Evelyn Bay today 15
15 days 15 videos I'm vlogging every day
in April ve da Veda that's what I've
been have been saying I really
appreciate it when you comment and share
the video because I try to make these
videos for a purpose to like talk to
people that being said I need to go
ahead and watched yesterday's video each
comment is its own little life story
encapsulated it is so cool to read it's
unfortunate the circumstances are
unfortunate this video gonna be a
continuation of sorts of the last video
first one actually isn't my story to
tell but um it happened on my street um
back home this is me telling the story
that my dad told me I wasn't even there
I don't know how many of you watching
this identify as like biracial this
particular family was half black half
white the dad came in like a golf car
and to pick up his kid his his run
around the entire neighborhood safe
neighborhood it's all good
the dad is white he swoops up his son
and whisks him back home right down the
same street lights wanna come on come
back home
time for your wieners and beans I don't
know what children he little did the
father know that someone had peeked that
grab-and-go baby that grab and go they
didn't know the family they didn't know
that that was the little brown boy's
father right so they call the police and
what they're like uh you snatched
somebody yeah we got a car that you had
snatched somebody was like what cuz it's
my child
they act like verify that that was a
real father blah blah it was very
interesting because of course I'm not
really thinking about people who are
both white and black can you imagine
like somebody thought your dad snatched
you or somebody thinks your mom is not
your mom so shots on my first-generation
Americans if I'm saying we be out here
from sea to shining sea for I'm saying
do you love our parents like to preface
this by saying that I love
my parents we like to poke fun on our
parents maybe they say things
differently they say the incorrect
phrase and women imitate the accent it's
really just a coping mechanism for this
cruel cruel world is really all it is
just realize that relatively recently
now while I'm at my parents like huh
you're my parents
you're like not from here they're
looking at me like oh my god you're like
not where I'm from what did I do that
made me remember a story I remember when
I was little very very very little
I thought cement was a bad word but the
sidewalk is made out of cement like the
rosin cement out okay so I thought I
thought it was a bad word for the
longest time and eventually as I learned
how to read and and write I was like no
I don't understand how cement is a bad
word I can't actually verify this is
true but it but I figured it what had
happened was maybe I'm thinking my
parents thought that instead of saying
cement I was saying chemistry little kid
like oh my god oh my god I'm talking
about jizz god I guess they told me it
was a bad word never to say it again and
in my head I'm like semen semen semen I
wasn't saying a bad word
I was just country in the comments below
let me know how or when you found out we
realized that your race was a thing
when did you realize like oh my god I'm
Korean like I didn't mean something when
did you learn that living on the
comments below and I'll see you on the
in it somewhere but I was just country
can't help my surroundings
I grew up around agents in Texas but
what would I suppose they end up
sounding like
