feeling good feeling great cuz I finally
shaved my legs Oh winter is over evan
has come out of her hibernation yeah
getting a Whole Foods way stead
so what'd you do walk us through walk us
through
got some aggression man you're gonna
want me going out understand Shona
I'm tenth all the way down and you're
turned all the way oh it turn a
percentage of the way just always
required really is best my dress could
fit me anymore
hashtag big hip problems so now she's
wearing it it's crude it's really yeah
yeah so were we do today we ate we took
a nap
how are it's a good group nap felt like
the entire afternoon we were just
sleeping
I slept outside it was glorious and then
we ate again and now they're turning up
I'm clearly turning down so this fate is
boring because I was living my life
off-camera it happens you trying to get
Jose no she's never tried to get your
eyes she do to chose e that's the moral
of the story girls and boys everybody
listening don't get chosen to the
Chelsea what why I need to ask them a
question for engagement oh yeah with you
what do you do on Saturdays do you work
I'm sorry did you go to a turn-up
function did you clean did you turn up
at the fire
anyway just let me know see you on the
internet somewhere um I'll see you
whatever I see you
