in the video where I asked her video
suggestions for Veda somebody asked for
a house tour living room Oh a bathroom a
bedroom in today's video I don't want no
kind of judgments you want to know why
because I'm going to Whataburger
irregardless I don't care what you say I
don't care what anybody says I'm hungry
I'm going to Whataburger I'm sorry mom I
doubt if you see this you told you
whatever anymore but I'm eating it
because I want it now leg
thank you
get into it though not a green you in
sight it is all beige yellow and brown
all of it and it's going inside of me
I'm sorry hey friend hamster I'm sorry
I'm so sorry
I really say I'm good to me
I don't even taste this for science here
we have a slice of bread toasted to
perfection butter to perfection not the
best part of the meal but it's also
necessary nuts we have the chicken
script not to be confused with chicken
strips these are in fact chicken scripts
s kkkk for canes or IP hit it with the
dipping sauce then you have the French
fries the water burger ketchup okay
take a dip I don't know this is true
everywhere but just to let you know in
Texas
grocery stores they sell this in a
bottle
they sell what a burger and ketchup in a
bottle
that's how serious we be racism
pish-posh gentrification what
immigration issues what a burger though
we have what a burger though I hope you
realize I'm being facetious
some people just
these way Gryphon commercials are so
extra gonna eat do laundry watch
basketball is there any fast food spot
that is like quintessentially from your
state what a burger is to Texas as what
is to let me see on the end somewhere
but I could drink honey mustard dipping
sauce from Whataburger if it was
socially acceptable I can drink it okay
maybe I have a problem
