let's Amanda here oh let's take a look
at the chair so you can tell us what's
going on oh I started twisting at 6:45
p.m. yesterday it isn't finished until
1:00 a.m. and I still had this section
Wow so you flat ironed your hair if I
was just curious I just rating it okay
well Rock betta twisted bang and with
the side I'm just recording my day at
work
oh that's debris over there and this is
my desk coz Christina redid everything
isn't that nice my cousin right there
look at the bud that's been right there
that's big that's my desk
their problem Nikki could be mmm okay
thank you
it looks fluffy and saw um this was a
failed flexi rod okay mm-hmm all right
I didn't dry all the way oh it's
unfortunate this is a woman who made my
desk possible Christina oh I should go
saw made it's off for my link did she
even notice my desk probably not
probably not did she even notice my hair
- hmm oh my god so big do a comparison
to your mother some it's a huge avocado
here drawing
I left it it's imaginary that's good
yeah ready when to think ah the question
Michelle yeah do you twist outs I am do
not do twist s I use a but I could try
one so that's your natural it's not my
own it's a curling iron like four seven
pieces oh okay but I would like to try I
would love for you to try to twist out
on me honey there beside ya would be
cool that will get a great closer look
at your hair
we just love it you Dennis it's mostly
all just a little of our shell okay all
right yeah my Lisa I am I'm his knee I'm
taking over naturally curly today I'm
the boss I hired moving forward I'll be
here okay as long as I have my job I'm
good
me and Christina are part of the 6:45
p.m. crew we are still here what is it
like being the editor of naturally curly
calm is relentless
um so content rules my life but you
wouldn't have it any other way
I want to amend that because this man is
so negative
it's also incredibly rewarding to be in
a creative job and I don't know what I
would do if I couldn't be creating all
the time so yeah it's basically that
meme about having all the tabs open in
your brain yeah syringe disorders are to
make it easier I know is also
guaranteeing the women who
it's probably copyright sorry lynching
that down I'm time to go home I feel in
my spirit I feel within my spirit an
ever so slight turn up it's only Tuesday
though I don't know the weather's nice I
thought it was Thursday Thursday's I
hear a day of the week
I feel within me and ever so slight turn
up so if doing Tom maybe I can convince
you to an ever so slight turn up where I
don't know but come on girl come on
let's let's go know me Oh her home her
hair
how are you slip me girl honey I'm home
how's our date how are the kids
I'm really good why aren't you two named
Billie okay
oh but that's like what like five hours
I might be off my side turn up by then I
see fans come on
oh this is gonna turn up in the kitchen
mix super okay no that's a tie not
though I decide corn yes chicken so sad
well you know might just be a soldier
exactly where a woman should be that
cleaning lady shades shut up ah
are you still in aterna
oh no got some estimates 1010 it's ten
o'clock and it's at 10:00 shared it with
the throw blanket on her shoulders you
know I'm saying we just had a rice and
stood trial I study on I was feeling
good but now I'm really feeling good
which means there's like a maximum ulema
to feel good that means go see people
and I have past that feel good and now
I'm at the feel-good where I just want
to go to bed so thanks for all the
suggestions in yesterday's video maybe I
will give me some ideas are you good are
you fine you were just looking at me
that's all I come from the person kids
we have my own apartment so record a
video I suggest you said go flat a room
you say can you cover your ears please I
said um can you believe
who
