new week new background haze the world
it's me Evelyn I have absolutely no idea
what I'm going to talk about I don't
really want to be here right now so
there do I want to talk bad but that
kids up in the fridge anyway um so
greasy I'm so greasy I just wanted to
say thank you for watching my videos
thus far I'm getting the sense that
they're like doing something for you and
that's great
I don't really too much know who you are
you thought I'm saying or why you're
here some of y'all's comments you look a
little bit lost that's entirely your
fault though but I'm gonna cover up my
tracks and introduce myself
my name's Evelyn you can call me Evelyn
um I'm from Texas I'm a magical black
girl and I twirl into oblivion on
occasion
I'm 23 going on what comes next 24
really I'm just trying to make it to 26
so I can finally say the Kanye lyric we
wasn't supposed to make it past 25
joke's on you still alive so it's really
as far as I've thought about my life
just until after my 25th birthday
I have naps I'm not really too much
pressed over them I bleach my naps I cut
my naps I rip my naps if they're getting
on my nerves about Princess Bevan that
wasn't me but I identify with her so if
you want you know it's not how to curl
your edges if you want to learn how to
like do some updo of the Gods you come
to the wrong place I feel like the
people who watch my videos consistently
know that so
why would you be here I don't know but
you're here so I have to keep doing
something it's not a very good feeling
all the time oh yeah I went to college
so that was a thing that happened and I
studied journalism magazine journalism
and I do not work at a magazine
currently I am a social media manager
which does not mean I'm on Facebook and
Twitter all day trust me that was my job
I'm not Nigerian I do say whereas insist
there's a lot but that doesn't mean I'm
Nigerian it just means y'all have the
easiest accent to imitate my family is
from Kenya though we work back east side
first generation American I roll through
the amber waves of grain my favorite
color is red but not like fire hydrant
rate more like crimson rib it's my
favorite beverage is sweet tea my
favorite team is the San Antonio Spurs
even though I grew up in North Texas I
also grew up in Louisiana so that was
the thing that happened and my plant is
dying I don't know if you can hear that
that's the sound of dying palm tree
fronds
so let me know in the comments if
there's any particular topic you want me
to address don't say things like you
could talk about toenails I'd laugh
because it's not about that actually
very disrespectful it's not answer my
question
this is probably the worst video I
actually know I I can foresee that there
will be many more horrible Veda videos
this year for me see you on the internet
somewhere
it's my little shelf a book on Steven
Biko but it's in Portuguese haven't
quite finished it yet
