hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn another
day another snap bad so I'm kind of
tired today I don't get coffee this is
sweet team kid you got me feeling good
got me feeling good you know what hits
you right in your eye hit me right in my
taste buds mmm I don't know if your
taste but but I just have like a short
little quick little thing I have a
challenge for you today
YouTube world's people often talk about
like getting unplugged you know all
think pieces on look at me I was paid to
stop using technology here's what I
learned about myself like okay but
you're lucky though like you get to be
unplugged though I put off getting a
smartphone because I don't want people
to talk to me but now it was my phone
now if you look in like talk to me and
they can tell when I see things and it's
just a mess but I was picking up lunch
the other day I told myself that I am
going to wait for my order and not look
down at my phone when I tell you it was
the longest three and a half minutes of
my life though if felt like I had been
waiting for 25 minutes knowing good and
well all they was doing was getting the
slice of pizza from little rotary
rotunda and like putting it in the
microwave that's all they were doing but
it felt like I was waiting forever kind
of bothered me but I but I kept note of
all the things I noticed in the real
world because I wasn't staring at my
phone for those four minutes and I want
to tell you the handful of things that I
did I looked at a lot of people's butts
I stared at this chick for way too long
but she looked like a curly
hair slightly younger Sigourney Weaver
and that was just cool to me I watched a
crow eat a hot cheeto
and I watched somebody park horribly
like that 17-point Park and I kept eye
contact with them they knew that I saw
them and we had a moment or really I
embarrassed them and they play probably
like melted within their souls but I
peeped their horrible parking skills and
I would have never been able to do any
of that if I was looking down my phone
isn't that worth it
people say stop and smell the roses I
say stop and watch the crows eat hot
cheetos the fact that I could tell it
was a hot cheeto and not a regular
cheeto though that's detail it's being
attention to the details and these are
skills that we have lost because of
technology or something I actually have
no idea what I'm talking about right now
so today this week whatever I challenge
you to just be in the world and not look
down at your phone report back tell me
what all you notice in the world I'll
put it in the comments of this video and
tell me just how revolutionary it was
and maybe you two can stare at as many
peoples but as you can instead of
tweeting because Twitter butts butts so
you'll need a bit somewhere Bob
so tired
