it's time for a waffle turn up
you heard my words you heard them open
your ears maybe I should open my eyes
it's time for a waffle turn up excuse
the eye boogers it's morning use the
rough edges it's morning happy morning
happy Saturday morning let's get waffle
white staff
yah-ha El Paso intact
you thought I'm saying Lubbock is there
is what I'm saying when Josie was here I
made waffles and I had no syrup so I
should go grab some syrup and she got
hold on listen to this it's in a glass
bottle is this is maple syrup it is from
a family farm what I'm saying it is
organic natural no high fructose corn
syrup you know I'm saying that's love
breakfast discern I just like Corpus
Christi mmm yeah a little taste of uh
mmm no pass all right quick know me your
money Tommy so um that's my Veda vlog
steady introduce yourself hi YouTube
world it's me Evelyn
Saturday and I have a lot of stuff on my
to-do list like bills and like taxes and
like laundry and like important things
you know what I'm saying like going to
target figure out if they sell new shea
moisture makeup this where the blog ends
I hope you have a great Saturday and I
will see you tomorrow see you on the
internet somewhere
hallelujah sighs praise
