so Jude's her oh so Jude's her oh I'm
baby come on y'all sound ridiculous I
just love it when people take Kendrick
Lamar song out of context
I'll Paulo join I'm faded I'm fit I'm
like you know he was talking about the
dangers of alcohol consumption right or
nah couple people asked me in my last
video in yesterday's video how I fit my
hair under my hat sorry for my edges I
feel like I'm always apologizing for my
edges and my eyebrows natural hair is
magical it gives you the illusion of
like being huge I thought you knew that
I only have three strands of hair and
two of them are my edges so um some of
this videos about though hey super all
it's me Evelyn Veda day 3 I just have a
simple question it has been kind of
bothering me he's been weighing pretty
heavy on my spirit lately when
everything you know has been like
shaking to the very core and it has to
do with poop okay I'm sorry I'm just
putting it out there has to do with
poops and I believe you know we're in
this um stage of our relationship or I
can ask you questions about poops
because I feel like we kind of sort of
go together let me know but here's the
question alright when you wipe yourself
are you sitting down or standing up now
in my mind YouTube world in my mind
there's only one way that makes sense
and someone posed this question to me
recently I had never thought that there
was more than one way and so I was
scared an answer because what if my way
is the wrong way the way that I'm
thinking that you wipe yourself after
you
number dos the way I do it is the only
way that it can be done effectively the
other way is not hygienic in my opinion
but like if it's even an option that
means that there are people out there
how many people are there in the world
eight billion who even knows there are
so many Earthlings on the earth and some
of them might be wiping their poops the
opposite way from me
I don't know why that bothers me but to
do so in the comments below tell me
which way you wipe yourself sitting down
or standing up I the way I do it to be
fair okay I'll tell you the way I do it
I do it I'm slightly obsessed with poops
because I believe poops in your
digestive system overall is the key to
happiness and not many people are happy
in the US and I believe it's because
they don't poop
but that's the size of one's going to
like another philosophic philosophical
portion of me
