hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
hmm you know I'm just taking a break get
some air
thinking drinking sweet tea it's just me
tea just thinking about life you know I
had a birthday recently oh I want to
show you something that's me
that's baby Evelyn from the Internet's I
mean she didn't know what the Internet's
was at that point or that she would be
from it who would have thought that
little chicken nugget would be sitting
here before you today not me not her
yet here we are I remember watching
sitcoms and thinking to myself man if I
could just turn 15 years old Wow
I mean TV's taught me a lot for better
or worse but if there's one thing I've
learned it's that life comes at you fast
all right then life has taught me a lot
more than fictional characters ever did
so in this video I'm going to use one of
my favorite throwback TV shows to tell
you everything I've learned so far
enjoy
what oh it's just me in the video you
know I ain't got a twin huh okay so
these lessons though here's what I've
learned so far number one I am horrible
at accepting compliments and I don't
mean those compliments like a shoddy and
a shirt you look around nice
I mean compliments like when people
recognize my talents or abilities or my
hard work I'm always like who me could
you really be talking about me yes me
because I'm amazing and chances are I've
worked really hard at that thing you
think comes so naturally to me which
reminds me success is only one part hard
work and the other part is just being in
the right place at the right time to
take advantage of an opportunity you can
only control one guess which one yeah so
get to work
oh and a lot of y'all already know this
one when in doubt pretend I work really
hard at pretending that I'm confident or
a competent and all that means is shut
up and do the work even though you're
scared it's not easy but it's worth it
hold on mom I'm talking to the people oh
this is a good one
there is nothing more powerful than a
made-up mind every time I've struggled
to make some important life decision
it's because I hadn't made up my mind
about myself about others about the
situation but when you get fed up and
you'll know what when you feel it it is
so much easier to make decisions and
that's just vital information for your
everyday life growing up as me in
particular I've learned that I'm messy I
will never be tidy messy is Who I am
welcome to my brain and that's why
calendars are so important
calendars aren't bougie penciling you in
means I value your existence in my life
so much that I don't want you to get
lost
in my brain oh I'm coming I promise
also this brain is a procrastinator all
that hard work crap I talked about
earlier I do it at the last minute I
love creating stress for myself and that
will probably never change about me but
another thing I've learned is the
importance of just getting back on track
ASAP so what you failed I feel like
we're trained to value consecutive
success but if you fail today don't put
it off until next week start again fresh
tomorrow down here she is my full name
yo I gotta go but I want to try
something first
umm that girl has my face
oh those rambunctious twins huh so many
shenanigans so much conflict resolution
so many left tracks y'all remember when
that white girl wanted to be them she
liked pain in her face was wild anyway
lessons yes I have more let's go to
another season and you know what that
means
the biggest lie I've ever told to words
I'm fine yeah let that sit with you Oh
also more important than knowing what
you want to do with the rest of your
life is knowing what you never want to
do ever again toothpaste toothpaste you
want to know what I'm never doing again
dyeing my hair red okay not a good luck
booboo also not a good look this whole
concept of they sleep we cried no they
sleep I sleep we all sleep the sleep is
good what of it
toothpaste girl they're my 27 years I
learned that not liking your job or your
school on your living situation can
physically make you sick and you should
really talk to your friends about those
feelings don't keep it all in here then
surround yourself with people who make
you laugh man okay Mike I know I'm funny
but like cracking jokes up here by
yourself all the time kind of weird it's
all those people you appreciate them
whenever you can say things like hey I
really enjoy hanging out with you or
thanks so much for listening to my rants
because what you never want to do is
wait until something tragic happens to
tell somebody how much they mean to you
dang I always gotta kill the pie before
bed listen I'm just telling them the
real real stuff like happiness is just a
fleeting moment not a perpetual emotion
sure you can be like content for long
periods of time but you can never be
continuously happy there's always gonna
be somebody
anways you alright and ruins that moment
of yes what are you gonna tell them
don't you don't really need to sleep
with a satin bonnet your hair it gonna
be moisturized it regardless I never
want to see her face I mean then it
don't look in the mirror you know life
was about experimenting there are no
rules those are just guidelines
suggestions really some of us are out
here living reckless with no bond
anonymous okay cuz that's a risk that
I'm gonna have to take all right you
don't know why cuz I'm gone
I hate being a grown-up listen I love to
just kick it with y'all and chat some
more but I got bills to pay things to do
so let's get this over with what do we
got 20 I'm use my phone for these notes
20 don't judge people for staying where
they are City job relationship because
one day that's gonna be you staying put
in a city or a job or relationship and
you know like how the judgement feels 21
people will ask you to support them in
ways that they have literally never
supported or loved you and it's your
decision either you do it cuz you care
about them or dump them cuz you don't
alright 22 I'm sorry you feel that way
it's not an apology
no is a complete sentence my parents and
I will probably never agree on how often
I should call them you have to change
your air conditioner filter like
regularly it turns out your fiber intake
is directly correlated to your overall
success in life and finally sometimes
you usually to log off and handle your
business
that's it 27 things but I've learned in
27 minutes of life that's it we're done
series finale I'm not dying or anything
I'm just saying can you finish the video
this show was performed in front of a
live studio audience
and is brought to you by audible today's
audio book recommendation is the
defining decade by Meg Jane it's full of
vital information for here every day
line it's sure I'm over halfway through
my 20s but um don't bring it up okay so
I said son you know that'll taking care
okay that's it for this video
that was my art my artistic expression
and the art was brought to you by they
have a massive selection of audiobooks
and you can get one for free any
audiobook that you want with a free
30-day trial membership if you visit
audible.com slash out
and the book is always yours to keep
even if you don't stick with audible
because they not trifling and they help
me hire my brother to bring you the
artistic vision behind this video say hi
shout out to Esteban for creating the
concept of this video for illustrating
this video for filming the video and
editing the video family discount or or
not in the comments below let me know
what you've learned in your years of
living I feel like everybody has
something to contribute to this
conversation I'm excited to see the
lessons that Shah will put in the
comments and I will see you on the
internet somewhere bye
