I look like a ray of sunshine
right yes yo yo yo hates me say it's on
auto though so it's like causing me
o'clock for you hi dad I hope so I was
brown and then you said daddy do - 800
mah drinking black let it read me for a
second
him got hoodies hey dude world Smee
Evelyn I have a guest here I think hi
I'm Joel Zane in my house this is Joel Z
I'm a beam of sunshine she has a ray of
sunshine she's light-skinned but she
that she doesn't want to in the comments
below give her some encouraging words
she's here for South by Southwest
Interactive Interactive doing collab so
on her channel when we talk about some
very interesting political social stuff
but on my channel I just wanted eyebrows
Josie I'm a lot of Julie is going to
give me what I've always wanted you
wanted to be brown skin I'm not sure you
can achieve that but sit on today you
can't achieve eyebrows okay so supplies
this city might not use that so what
we're definitely gonna use this thing I
do have this yes we're gonna comb your
brows with thee do they do the beauty
guru oh wait is it in focus
no it looks a little blurry okay there
we go okay so we use this mascara wand
give you our dollar like Target we're
gonna use the spiked pencil do I need to
put my palm on it yes like $12 at Matt
but I think one matte item you should
definitely always own my eyebrows like
they're chasing after each other
look work on that okay I'll just need
concealer is this way this light is this
tool I couldn't find anything darker
yeah you should get Milani cosmetics a
seer color
okay I live in Austin you buy it online
huh but they're like five dollars okay I
am NOT cafe so but we don't make it work
I am NOT a makeup artist I might be more
of a makeup artist in the chicks you
following on Instagram Oh Shay I'll do
people's makeup for a living
wow this is not guaranteed come on cute
which you could always watch the basket
right right right
first thing we're going to do is comb
her brows into a shape mm-hmm that's the
brush shot so we're gonna comb it so
Evelyn doesn't have a whole lot of it I
have about 12 strands but she has a
natural arch so technically if she was
into brows she probably would have to
get them threaded that's on so clean up
this portion right here because you
don't need all that
mm-hmm we're gonna start on the tail
side and I'm just gonna follow her brow
bone and draw a line to where I want to
feel her does it feel brand-new already
yes what this is we go a little deep our
boat is right here uh-huh
so this is why your bone arches right so
I'm just gonna draw the arch in wait
right here okay bone it I thought I felt
you were gone like in between eyes I
hope perhaps our life changing they
really are
he told me that I thought I finally got
a fan base on YouTube because I finally
figured out how to make my broth Rob's
not look like they were chasing after
okay it's all in the brow oh my god I
look like okay different person so now
we've drawn her I brought it and they
look a little great what's wrong with
them they just it's just different
I clean one with some conceal
so the color that Evelyn has is clearly
okay not her shake what is but it's
supposed to be lighter than you don't
know I mean people do that whole
concealer thing with the lighter brows
and I think it just looks overdone I
mean cuz I guess you do want to use a
color that's slightly lighter lighter to
highlight but I don't want to get so far
and then I'm using my been makeup brush
all right close your eyes and then we're
just gonna draw clean it up right
already and so do you need to clean it
up if you actually groom your eyebrows
not so much but I always do just because
I'm not the neatest floral of it and
then I'm going to blend it out with a
ring finger this might not be thick or
dark enough for you
how do you know where to end the tip of
your eyebrows
so your brow should start and stop where
your high stars so pick you from the
corner of your eye just tilt it against
your bridge and so that's where your
brow should start and then it should end
right there okay so you just want to do
though you out you want to follow your
face
I created you like this you don't want
to overdo it I think he was definitely
right about this being a little ice it's
practically white maybe we should mix it
with some foundation because we're using
my regular foundation is might be tacky
we're gonna go back in over the
so what job opportunities do you think
I'll open up to now because I have
eyebrows
oh the Ted Ashley bras I have browns now
so what if the job do so I use boy girl
because I drop my bras I'm really dark
and I add a highlight and we can try it
on your brow I don't know so I don't
really use a gel to set my brows as much
as I use it because I draw my brows on
dark and this adds a nice highlight so
the brown color hits it I don't know
this is gonna wash you out my only
concern well are you didn't have brows
so slightly Brown our brows is still
better than no bro actually kind of like
that it tones him down yeah like let's
zoom in more see these results I'm
loving it I'm loving it we're gonna get
you a better concealer for next time yes
so how many shades lighter than myself I
would go a half shade but you want to
follow your undertones I would probably
get something has an orange base under
and do link the color that's right here
oh yeah you mad you have I do have light
under eyes I would match this color for
under your brow don't think thank you
thank you for giving you the gift of
eyebrows I feel like I can take over
YouTube now
sixteen thousand subscribers here I come
okay I have a hundred k always my
eyebrow all right so these my brows
Thank You jolzi more than and head over
to her channel because we're going to be
talking about African versus African
American get it alright
