hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn over
the past couple months I've had a lot of
fun with my bright auburn shea moisture
color then I died into the world of Remy
Ma bangs so I could dive in purple and
dusty pink and back to Remy Ma more
dusty pink and more purple and here we
are I am ready for a change so a change
go come alright you can see my dusty
black roots this is my natural hair
color and then the dusty Shea Moisture
coat which is kind of brown and then
this fuchsia concoction we got going on
so I divided my hair into sections but I
always do for everything and I went
ahead and hollowed out the Manic Panic
flash lightning 30 volume developer
bleach kit have you ever accidentally
snipped a whole bunch of kool-aid powder
well I can guarantee you that sniffing a
whole bunch of bleach powder on accident
is a lot worse so I do have to cover my
face with the scarf that's what the
concoction looks like got my black power
base right the box says to use this as
fast as you can so I try to apply to my
hair as fast as I can
try not to get in my eye cuz that's
Hazzard and you can see it's lifting
pretty quickly in that previously
bleached spot so I put my shower cap on
let it sit I knew my bangs would lift
quickly because they were already
bleached so 30 minutes in I rinsed it
out and shampooed and then asked for the
rest I left it in for 90 minutes we
rinsed it out in shampooed and as you
can see it is orange lifting red is
really hard and I didn't want to bleach
my hair a second time I used Manic Panic
after midnight and ion color brilliance
sky blue they're both semi-permanent
colors I just mix them together and
by them directly to my bleached hair in
my experience I get better color payoff
when I apply the dye to 100% dry hair
but I just didn't have the patience to
be making this a two or three day
process so I'm just applying it to my
towel dried hair it's still a little bit
damp and hopefully I'll like the results
still covered it with a different shower
cap and let it sit for like six hours so
I finally rinse it out took forever to
rinse all the dye out and then I
blow-dry my hair I feel like that seals
in the color better I don't even know
that it sounded difficult but as I'm
going to do and you can see that my hair
is a really dark teal almost on the
orange part that was bleached and then
on my bangs is kind of like a true blue
you
