hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn the
month before 2013 started I got my first
wisdom tooth pulled I packed my stuff
and moved back to Austin Texas after a
jobless year living at home with my
parental units
booth for breakfast and Chuck for
dessert
somebody for the pancake gotta ship the
scissor that right there could make a
thing
what goodbye God good or are we going to
Evelyn so 2013 felt like a fresh start
I've always been one to document my life
the only difference now is that I let
others watch this is what I did with my
2013 I finally got an Instagram and with
haste immersed myself into the modern
art of selfies and mirror pics i
uploaded a grand - total of three
legitimate albeit silly natural
hairstyle tutorials on to this channel
maybe two months into my new job I got
to visit New York for the very first
time on behalf of naturally curly calm
to help direct online video content for
L'Oreal freaking Paris my ever so
gracious role model slash mentors last
forcibly adopted big sister invited me
to go to Lagos Nigeria with her to help
produce the first-ever social media week
on the continent of Africa
I worked with an amazing group of whole
areas and talented people I met E Kenna
from once of Africa and I had plenty
naira hey what you'll be Mia I actually
participated in and completed veda vlog
every day in April
I watched my baby bro graduate from high
school I got even more valuable practice
behind the camera at my job tons of room
for creative freedom and learning from
my mistakes and practice and talking to
Taryn and Lexi on Google and taking
shots of Michelle I went to ATL Georgia
bootys look like this size for the
Bronner brothers hair show and saw many
many things I got to go to New York for
the second time for fro Fashion Week
towards the end of the year I really
experimented with hair color on my naps
sometimes they were really positive
pretty results and you know other times
my hair got dusty and to bleach and I
look like the nappy headed Remy Ma and
probably my biggest accomplishment was
getting over my fear of being the only
brown person in a 100-mile radius save
my little money's turn them into wands
going to South Korea to visit my best
friend doing
in 2013 I had to be a quick learner I
had to see the talent in myself that
others saw in me and receive all the
good things that happened when he
believed he deserved it in the first
place I had to lay a foundation but not
beat myself up too much over rookie
mistakes so in 2014 we build learn from
2013 and feel differently this year and
join new successes I will read one book
a month entertain in my apartment more
publish more of my writing travel to the
motherland or someone the colonizers me
dye my hair blue my hair off run to five
miles without stopping for Kenny and I'm
supposed to be get a tattoo collab with
other magical people take the GRE to
make my father proud of me
eat more waffles and find more internet
cousins and what about you you know I
wasn't even gonna make a video to like
Febuary no one tends to make video but I
just wanted to reflect okay can you
blame a girl guy so what did you learn
from 2013 and what do you want to do in
2014 let me know in the comments you
know I've got you wanna go vibes you
know I got you though
sis bro brother
and I that cousin see you on the
internet somewhere
