hey to world it's me Evelyn and this is
the last video of 2013 we're ending off
the year with a hashtag B G BB product
review
hashtag VG BB stands for GLAAD real
beauty brand if you don't know now you
know read the video description box real
life so I'm going to wrap up the year
with first product is the lip balm I
usually use the EOS evolution of smooth
lip balm balls those run about three
dollars something the fact that this is
four dollars isn't too much of a reach
for my brain cells there's two flavours
lavender and peppermint I don't really
know which one I got I can't really like
tell you if it's part of Marylander I
think ice lavender cuz I feel like I
would know something was peppermint it's
not like or the top flavor or fragrance
so if that irritates yo liquidy lips
you'll be happy with the fact that it's
not very strongly scented it does smell
like all the oils and the butters that
are in it cocoa butter coconut oil
beeswax and other things like such as
you know how you apply a lip balm like
this for this just like one quick swipe
at your lips is slick like you just ate
for two piece at pump eyes a little
swipe and you are ready to go I like my
lip balms to be a little bit more solid
not as easily meltable on the hotness of
my lips
like a 3.75 out of 5 skin cells
it's just not my the consistency that I
look for in lip balms next product is
the tropical nectar so far is actually
the first time I've ever used a bar soap
for my skin
that's gotta agree doing it hard because
I'm going to compare - it smells a
really good it doesn't smell
artificially sweet like mango it has
orange granules that are we good right
it has orange granules and candle ulla
flower petals it didn't leave my skin
stripped or like that's because it is
sulfate free and detergent free you
don't really need to be washing the
largest organ of your body with the same
thing that you remove dirt and leftover
lasagna from a pot from those really
don't need never the two shall meet this
is like a fluid review for this
particular product four out of five skin
cells next product i received from
reciprocity natural body pilots is a
Himalayan pink salt scrub I've never had
a salt scrub before I am a sugar scrub
she cannot do it says you can use it on
both dry and wet skin you know
highlighting scrubs on both dry and wet
skin for me it is so rich with the
coconut oil that I prefer to use it on
dry skin if I put it on wet skin the
coconut oil kind of steals the show and
the salt is like what what are we doing
here what what am I supposed to be
scrubbing because the coconut oil is
just all everywhere so I do prefer to
use this on dry skin and scrub-a-dub-dub
it left my skin so soft if you are not a
fan of coconut oil don't you know you're
not it smells like coconut oil so if you
don't like the smell coconut oil telling
you right now it is coconut away 505
skin cells last product the body butter
I got the scent tropical nectar to match
the soap and I will tell you that I
don't really smell anything per se I
just smell shea butter if you don't like
to smell a shea butter like it's all in
my throat
right now like it all it hit my sinuses
so if you don't like the smell of shea
butter you might not like this at least
this scent because it's not buried it's
not masking the smell of shea butter at
all anti ways very whipped it does
contain aloe vera but it's not the first
ingredient I don't know if that still
makes it a moisturizer but you know I'm
just the person who makes YouTube videos
I'm not a scientist it's so rich and
oily that if I put it on my hands like
this would melt just from the heat of my
hand like it'll all of this good just on
my entire arm do you see that you see
that you can see I'm getting shine T
right before your eyes your skin a
little bit a little bit damp you know
I'm saying then you put this on there
you'll be good to go you'll be greased
up to the maximum as far as the price
goes after that is a pound of shea
butter for that price do make me feel a
little bit better take a number like
that you know I'd have like do some
calculations and see if the products
that I are already purchased what's
would add up to that price if I bought
them in size like this you know same so
I give it a 4 out of 5 just because I'm
not a fan of the pungent shea butter
fragrance that comes through despite the
fact that it is the tropical nectar
fragrance so those are my reasons and
I'm sticking to them dang it I'm just a
girl if you want to buy anything my
personal suggestion is the scrub number
one and then number two is the soap I do
have a coupon code for you
in the event that you do wish to
purchase something off of my words but
you wanted to take my words there's also
another video I know that naturally now
see did a review of reciprocity a couple
months back maybe I don't know I'll link
that in the atmosphere and also in the
video description box so you can watch
many reviews before you decide to put
your monies to work something so here's
the coupon and it is live for seven days
all that information will be in the
video description box
thanks so much to T of reciprocity for
sending me these goodies I appreciate
them and I will use them and I will stay
greased up scrub down soaked up lips
looking glossy I'll see you at 12:14
sometime on the internet somewhere
