I tagged all of you and all of your
friends I definitely want to tag
evidence on the Internet if I need your
tag you don't put a video look like
Footwear the seconds go without you mean
I got dad but I really human me I
freaking love grandmas so Nikki tagged
me and the sweater weather tag according
to some preliminary research that I did
I noticed that it was an autumn tag so
thanks a lot Nikki her name is run on CP
time
question number one favorite candle
scent all the beauty gurus be having
like decadent candles this one is from
Hobby Lobby 50% off all Christmas items
sugared spruce the sugary steps is nice
and I usually make my house seem like
that year-round but sometimes I like a
little bit of lumberjack redheaded
bearded swole muscles all in the flannel
just cutting down trees responsibly
though just enough of sweet but it's
mostly like woodsy unlike that
question number two coffee tea or hot
chocolate I don't know is your in coffee
but when I do it has to be black in
Ethiopia I'm really not a hot chocolate
fan most of the time I'm drinking tea
let it be known though best tea comes
from the rolling hills of Kenya I wasn't
able to get loose tea from my mom when I
went home for Thanksgiving and then she
also has like the containers of masala
mix I like doing that because you get
like the rich mists of old myths and
it's the Kenyan tea young-sam but the
Tazo will do just fine question number
three is the best fall memory since I
was five years old I grew up in the
south Louisiana in Texas but before that
if why brother was born we lived north
and I remember we would go on these long
walks through the winding neighborhood
it was like that classic it looked like
an episode off Wonder Years the leaves
are just orange yellow and red and
everything is so lush yet dying because
technically autumn I don't know we just
rotated leisurely stroll you know was
her getting her pregnancy exercise and
me getting to hang out with my mom I
just remember I was probably four or
five just walking with my money through
the neighborhood here going Beauty go to
a question which makeup trend do you
prefer dark lips or winged liner winged
liner is all day every day type thing
some say dark lips I recently bought
some navy blue the dark bloom lip color
I'm so excited about that next question
is my favorite fragrance for fall
I don't wear perfume all of my
fragrances come from the body butters
that I purchase Belle butters pumpkin
pie butter it
just so scrumdiddlyumptious haven't done
the hashtag BG bb4 bill butters and
again favorite Thanksgiving food samosa
I don't care if that wasn't served as
the first Thanksgiving you can't really
go wrong you know I'm seeing Mexicans
have holiday tamales we have holiday
samosas okay next question
what's autumn mother like where you live
today was 50 tomorrow gonna be 15 maybe
Wednesday will be 75 I don't really have
big jackets or anything what is a snow
boot like all my scarves are decorative
more than they are for warmth so we
don't even get an autumn it's like
summer and then it's like breathe winter
that little breeze I guess was autumn
but who knows what is your most worn
sweater is Bailleul oh and I wear it all
the time I bought it maybe two or three
years ago just your basic crewneck
sweater except the front has like
patches of fabric Okara fabric sewn on
to the front and the shape of Africa and
she didn't forget Madagascar favorite
nail polishes Sally Hansen and stay dry
and Jet Set Jade really deep kind of
iridescent dark green there are some
like zooms like a hologram there's some
purple in there my other favorite is
maybelline color show it's holographic
and the color is bold gold it looks like
you have gold foil on your fingernails
it's just so beautiful and I love that
makes me feel glam question number 10
football games are jumping in leaf piles
neither can I sit at home and eat skin
tea jeans or leggings someone who has
yet to find a pair of jeans that fit
properly I'm going to have to go with
leggings I have really small ankles like
ice my hips say
you grew up in Texas my ankles say I
should be running a marathon with my
fellow Kenyans like question number 12
combat boots they're Uggs
uh-uh I just never understood why
someone would want us I just don't I
just don't get it they don't look good
to me
so combat boots all away for 13 is
pumpkin-spice worth the hype not at
Starbucks Starbucks is not worth the
hype Beiber phone TV show Breaking Bad
is over
um Dan Lee fell off scandal I used to
religiously watch it but the shenanigans
or does it look too much like I was just
a little too overwhelmed by the
shenanigans I are the writer sitting
there smoking methamphetamine I'm like
ah we're going to write next but that's
what it feels like over it so I'm about
five episodes behind so I don't have a
favorite fall television show does Love
& Hip Hop New York count last question
what song gets you into the fall spirit
well since Nicky got us on CP time it is
now the winter time so what song gets me
into the Christmas spirit I do celebrate
Christmas I mean I would have to say
interestingly enough it is the Grinch
I even got Grinch boxes on oh oh you're
a monster mr. Grinch your heart empty
whole brain is full of spiders you've
got garlic in your soul mr. green yeah I
wouldn't touch your hairs 139 I had
football
did you hear on NPR the other day from
the last surviving member of the Vince
Guaraldi trio was on there I was weeping
in my car
is very literally wrong I tagged all of
you out there in YouTube world I'm going
to continue drinking my chai masala
masala chai and I will see you on the
internet somewhere bye
