hey super elf it's me Evelyn I'm still
working on this town Halloween candy Oh
God ugh TMJ fun fact
so everyone's ammo my job will drop
close
I was water so it wasn't dr. pepper
sweet tea so perhaps to me thank you
guys so much for the well wishes and
hoping that I get better soon I am flu
free hallelujah and I do have a cough
that won't go away but you know I'm
seeing I'm not feverish I'm not sweat
through my clothes and I'm you know I'm
back at work doing grown-up things so
without further adieu here the winter
Abers oh seven which is really cool
because I watch your videos you are one
of the winners of chases pieces earrings
yeah next winner which I got which was
randomly selected kabila Huddleston her
Instagram name is the lady Shabazz yes
you're right there look at them naps
they're beautiful and so to claim your
prize please send me a message youtube
inbox message shipping address including
your first and last name and me and mrs.
Burch Rhys will get your pieces sent to
you as soon as possible
thanks again so much for watching and
entering and supporting hashtag black
girl beauty brands whoops oh you want me
internet somewhere
