Tacey world it's me Evelyn here in sunny
and Ramon California at VidCon where
it's me
it's foxy what's up I'm small I'm done
yeah thought she gave a keynote at
VidCon so that was the thing that
happened yeah so before I actually went
on stage like I peed three times
that's so nervous so I wanted to talk to
you about being a black woman in comedy
mm-hmm and what that's like for you hmm
and she is true Thanks I love everything
you do I love everything you do and
you're funny
thank you so much I like kind of a
similar hook so when I discovered your
videos and I like sighs told stories I
was like I'm going to tell stories like
that and so when I was recording I had
to like dial back my Evelyn cabela's man
because I was like imitating you and
I'll say I don't want to do that it want
to be like influence but in like a in a
good way not like a Kylie Jenner way you
know okay okay yeah what kind of comedy
do you do so um I don't consider a style
because I'm just talking you know a lot
of the time yeah um but there's
definitely a lot of insults it's how I
talk it's like a rose it's like in them
yeah Rose yeah I'm extremely observant
so I just pick up on all these like
little tiny little things that people
don't normally see or notice and then I
can like amplify them by a hundred
thousand I was in the airport in Texas
one time and I have never seen so many
white men that looked exactly like it
was like 77 dick cheney's in like one
room there's no room for cash-only
anymore
that's like urban outfitters being like
sorry y'all bond it's only 20% off
decorative vintage headwear retro
headband slave owner sale that's like
you trying to book it over and over BAM
like sorry girl horses only owe liquor
so cheap then when you drink it it makes
you believe you have white privileges
and you can just smell the debt in the
air and it smelled like wet perm in
straight who are your black
comedian zero boom so definitely Monique
okay Wanda Sykes for sure
little mama for different reasons
and yeah cardi B is well she's becoming
a new face yeah I wouldn't put her in
the comedian category yes well she
definitely has like a rod yeah yeah and
I think that it's less of my comedic
heroes being comedians but a lot of them
are just like women who are not quiet
who say what they want and who are just
good at what they do they're solid you
know I mean you recently moved from the
the East Coast yes to California to LA
up to pursue your dream mm-hmm how is
that going uh it's slow I'm not I'm
going to be honest it's slow one thing I
do appreciate YouTube for even with all
the trials tribulations is that it
definitely allows me to practice so I
appreciate that a little struggle period
just because it got me in the habit of
like being able to sit down and write
something regardless of whether I have
an idea or not regardless of what I'm up
for or not I can just sit down and just
start writing which is nice what
struggles have you faced that are there
some struggles that are very like this
I'm struggling because this is who I am
in the world versus are there struggles
that you feel as always because I'm
newer this is the part of the process I
am if you can't tell I'm gay oftentimes
I find myself having to choose jobs like
that go in either ways like they usually
because usually the companies they want
one or the other
and unfortunately gay pains they don't
even really embrace the comedy they just
want a face so they can say oh look
we're a diverse endeavor better that you
know black people are the black
companies like they will embrace that
comedy they will embrace you know my my
culture but they don't necessarily want
to embrace
other side of my identity and that is
that's difficult because I feel like I'm
constantly like going back and forth
trying to choose which one I want to do
because it's very rare where I get the
opportunity to like be 100% on both if
you had no limit
oh sure like all the budget in the world
hmm all the human help in the world what
would you make
what would I make a big nasty this
yesterday yeah you did a small project I
would like to see happen I want to have
you two breads first combi special
because I think that wouldn't have one I
don't think so if they do then you know
just act like it doesn't happen all
right that's not real that's not real
it's not real but I think it'll be dope
said like have you're a ninja but I did
oh okay and then I was like I don't want
to pay for this okay so now I don't call
me special let's do it yeah oh yeah or
like a sketch comedy show yeah like with
a bunch of just like a really diverse
cast like I think it'd be really dope to
be able to like exercise you know pin
work but also you know that off the cuff
stand up style cuz you never know who's
listening to these videos watching me
video they don't somebody in the
comments might be my Beyonce
let's say if you came back for more so
Beyonce you know if you're watching and
you want to dive into ice a comedy skier
blue to blue
hire us give me a ballpark web oh yes
Lee do you have advice for black women
trying to do what you do don't shut up I
was going to say don't let people tell
you that like you're falling into a
stereotype but at the same time it's
like if that's who you are then it's not
a stereotype right then yeah that make
sense yeah so it's like if you are now
if you're like a Monique type and you're
allowed and you cuss a lot and you you
rant and that's your thing and you know
you could call it an angry black woman
you're allowed to be if you're allowed
to be angry bag woman if that's your
style if that's who you are if that's
what's genuine if that's what makes you
authentic and that's what resonates with
people then
that's who you are and don't let people
try to turn you down I feel like your
career is going to go so much further
and you're gonna be able to do so much
more and it's going to be a lot more
fulfilling because you're going to be
happier because it was you you know I
mean you're not having to be a whole
nother person and turn it off and on
yeah you this is a weird question but do
you know how important you are to the
people on lushes do I know how important
I am yes I don't think I ever really
will I know that I am because people
like they sweet you know you get them to
what Suites in my comments like Olivia
content it got me through this and it's
great and I like getting those types of
that type of feedback but I don't think
that will ever actually be able to grasp
how important our content is I think I
think that it's dope that people are
able to go to youtube and we actually do
have a like functional piece you know
when it comes to their happiness but
they can go to our videos and like
they're now happy because they did that
yeah and I think that's amazing
and as long as I know I'm doing that I'm
good thank you so much thank you for
being cataloging yeah thank you
so Don I'll just learn to say that in my
experience you know people have
experienced as well black women to each
other and I do not either they're not in
my experience
at all nope y'all are some of not some
of y'all are the most supportive
hard-working hard-working group of
people except for Nicki Minaj she
doesn't everyone else is pretty good
everyone I'm pretty good that one looks
pretty good
subscribe the I will be somewhere I
might do a little like montage about
your content why you thought what you
thought okay um yeah I mean you know we
go we're going to progress we're going
to get out level up
we're going to love below on our locus
SNR will different level careers the
product is going to be better I promise
you
all right thank you so much and we will
see on the end that someone I
