be better over here yup cause the lights
over here yup it's physics kids hey
YouTube world it's me evening first of
all put your prayers and your vibes just
turn your magic toward my motherland
where he's also my father's land of
Kenya the terrorist attack that happened
over there is something serious and so
don't only turn your magic toward the
motherland but just turn it toward
everybody's minds we don't need no
Islamophobia cuz get to the rut don't
come for the Somalis that are living in
Kenya don't come to yonce and decide go
for who needs to be got but anyway it's
a deeper issue I've got a product for
you for you um and it's a hashtag BG BB
which in case you needed this channel I
coined I don't know if you can trademark
a hashtag but I'm gonna look into them
hashtag black girl beauty brand which
means a brand that is made by a black
chick so I had the distinct pleasure and
honor of trying out sol tentacles
products the chick who makes this I'll
shout out to the west side nigeria boy
contacted me and asked me to do review
if i want to try her products i said
yeah hello afro vegan goodies goodness
spring white positive in magic into your
soul via your roots so the box came like
this with some gut is and a first thing
i noticed of course was the packaging
beautiful come razzle-dazzle Afrocentric
you can see like that could be an entire
print somewhere somebody onto you
probably got a skirt made out of this
you know saying it's nice i will put her
information in the video description box
please check them out first product is
the honey
shrunk the frizz hi I'm strand Phu
Bart's a shampoo bar you know I love
shampoo bars and the fragrance is a
little bit fruity a little bit Irby
herbal so I could have chunk off this is
like the third of the package as far as
shampoo bars go it was on par with the
stuff that I already used lathered quite
nicely not too much like oh that wasn't
like drowning did allow me till I run my
fingers through my hair a little bit it
mat up my hair and my hair was soft when
I was done using it so as far as you can
go just top-notch I have yet to meet a
shampoo bar I don't like you know I'm
saying I'm not saying it's a challenge
don't challenge me or nothing don't like
send me your shampoo bars or anything
going just send them to me every sir if
you don't you don't have to do all that
I am saying that this gets five out of
five afro puffs I'll continue to use it
actually to wash my hair right now so
this is what I'm gonna be using the next
product I have here with me is the
product that I've seen on the YouTube
Internet's a lot the not sauce a coiled
detangler eight ounces and I have used
this container maybe six times
it was very heavy-handed little really
goes a long way with this it's that
slippery and that moisturizing to where
if you really about that like you don't
need to slather all over your head
although I do because the fragrance but
you don't understand how much like
restraint it takes to not like stick
your tongue in here dessert some cookies
and creme of vanilla nil
an old horse tail slippery elm dat
strong chamomile Cola and marshmallow
root now let me tell you if there's
anything that I've learned during my
time of returning to my nappy headed
state it's that slippery elm and
marshmallow rut those two ingredients
that really make these natural
conditioners slippery able for me to
detangle consistency is really creamy
but in slippery um but ultimately I've
used this as a conditioner to detangle a
conditioner deep conditioned a pre-poo
type thing has just worked wonderfully
for my naps they're like we're happy so
seven out of five afro puffs get your
life the next product that I have from
Sultana Kohl's is the main thick creamy
slick 7-day conditioner the consistency
is really thick it's not gonna come out
anytime soon let me do the provocative
swipe blue much creamier than the not
sauce what is interesting because I
usually Wow Wow then by the way the
smell is like berries berries and crank
pictures of them great anyway usually my
conditioners are the ones that are
really thick and my leave-in
conditioners are the ones that are
really light at first I didn't even
really like it cuz I thought it was
really heavy but I was wrong because
this is so thick I wouldn't use the same
amount as I would use of say my kinky
curly knot today
kanya curly knot today I basically
slather my hair and
and it just drinks it up I can't slather
my hair in this it's a little too heavy
so I usually use this on damp only damp
hair as opposed to mostly when I use
leaving conditioner my hair is wet a 4
out of 5 afro puffs means it is so good
that I would tell you to buy it and a 5
out of 5 means it's so good I will stop
using what I already use so I would give
this a 4 out of 5 because I will use it
I'll finish it and I recommend that you
use it and finish it as well but I'm not
gonna stop using kinky curly knot today
I'm not a product junkie so my mind
really only has one slot for each
product category the next product I'm
about to talk about unfortunately I
cannot show you on the camera because it
was snatched by TSA airport security I
was going to Atlanta for the Bronner
brothers show and they usually never
stopped me to search my bags they always
taught me to fill in my net but they
never stopped me to search my bags ever
ever ever so this time you know that all
day I got my soul canticle spray in
there right so they snatched up my soul
typicals kink drink leave-in conditioner
spray I'm still salty about that because
somebody and TSA are walking around with
moisturized hair and I'm bitter that
spray was the bomb um I used it every
single day to moisturize my hair I used
it to retwist my hair cuz y'all know I
don't retwist with with a product like a
styler I usually just reach was water or
um fortified water in the form of these
leave-in conditioner sprays so us are
crying out for this stuff 5 to 5 afro
puffs sorry I can't
I have nothing showed the last product
that I was sent in this sold technical
box of the afro
vegan goodies lock and roll twice and
throw out penetrating hair melt yeah it
is a pomade type product it's very
purely berry dish and I love it there's
a lot of this considering it's an oil
anyone we like use a molecule to slicked
back your entire edge uh-huh mango
butter grape seed oil it got all type of
stuff and oil and then it's like on your
hands and then dissolves like it's gone
like it's gone it should be on my edges
let me rectify a situation I used to
twist my hair use it to seal my ends if
I was about their life that particular
day use it on my edges um yeah just a
versatile product which is what I enjoy
now what gosh uh give it a five out of
five because I mean I mean it I say what
I mean and I mean what I say if you ever
tried so temples before let me know in
the comments let's talk about it you
like it you love it cuz really those
only two options
all right see you here it's somewhere
but
