hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn here
with a random youtube update I don't
really know how to wear hats I don't
really understand how I'm supposed to
fit like I see hats and I want them but
like what how do I wear them like how do
I wear them like I can like push my hair
back and now I look like Shaun White how
do you would how do you wear hats
youtube if you have a hair that goes
this way and not that way how do you
wear hat so a couple things number one
my camera's broken so there's that huh
also i need a new computer i will be
even more absent from youtube then I
already be cuz I'm pretty absent as it
is you know I'm saying in the world of
YouTube I really want to be known as a
cult classic I don't want to be a
blockbuster I don't I don't want I don't
want to be a blockbuster I want to be a
sundance film that's what I want to be I
don't know why what's going with that
yeah that's my technology updates that's
why I haven't done the DIY bow tutorial
and so I haven't reviewed the soul
tentacles that you might have seen me
talk about on Instagram and a couple
other things fun fact I am still wearing
a hat I also turned 23 this month so
there's that that's a life update you
know i'm saying i revolved around the
Sun yet again praise God 23 don't know
really what that means what I'm supposed
to be doing but I'm still life NYC
youtube family I will be in beautiful BK
September fifth through eighth i think
for fro Fashion Week link will be in the
video description box because you can
get a discount on your tickets through
naturally curly com I will leave a link
below please take advantage of it every
penny counts
pentti save your Monty's so i will be in
New York with my coworker Nikki not
curling Nikki she's just Nikki with
curly hair uh-huh and i will leave a
link to her blog below he's really cool
we're gonna have fun we're gonna tear it
up gonna beat beat beat up new york that
is its new york so a lot of people are
like me that me that me that but I'm
like no we're cousins do you wanna meet
up with your cousin so they don't make
no sense your cousin just shoo shoo text
real quick saying hey I'm at the corner
by the Piggly Wiggly and then you just
meet up that's really all you do so
that's what I'm doing you know I'm
saying I don't have your number I can't
text you so I'm making a youtube video
to tell you where i will be at we're
gonna be doing behind the scenes
coverage we are also going to be at the
allocate naturals event i believe so i
will see you there man I don't know what
to wear all these things everybody
always so fashionable and I'm over here
looking like a 12 year old boy um but I
will make a way where there seems to be
no way either that or we can all go
shopping so my hair I guess since that's
how this channel kind of started
currently I am rocking the dirty hair
the only thing I can really tell you is
i am going to redo my color do a
touch-up on my roots because look at
that i don't know if you can see that
all this is black and the rest is kind
of red I want to be on my Maasai warrior
swag so I want all my hair to be red
take in a couple months then i will go
purple really blue maybe emerald fun
fact i'm not wearing any pants right now
say sunday so breaking bad is coming out
will you be watching I will be watching
and I will not be live tweeting I just
absorb it all take it in to my cells and
just like you
saying like I don't wanna live tweet but
I will talk about it afterwards if you
want so hit me up on twitter us coming
up on the instagrams and the facebooks
and we can talk about it so that's my
update and hope you're doing well in the
comments tell me what's up with you man
are you starting school did you just
move did you finally break up where r a
riot broke ass did you did you I hope
you did cuz he trifling just a little
cheesy small trifling see you on the
internet somewhere bye
