hey youtube broke it's me Evelyn um
decided to come on the internets um
today and obviously I talked about the
Zimmerman trial I got the I was out
living my life I wasn't gonna sit there
and watch the results being given out
like an episode of Top Model or
something like I was like let me just
continue to live life and I will find
the results out boo the internet or of
course to text message so that's what I
was doing I was not sitting there
watching no shade if he were I'm just
saying my dad didn't say anything else
all he texted was this is a sad evening
and then my mom said can't believe it he
killed a teenager then just belongs to
God and may he be tormented mentally so
yeah let's see us my parents said case
you're wondering my mind always goes to
what happens next world keeps spinning
and you know what am I gonna do about it
but be shocked and tweet a couple a
couple things but after i get the tweet
out tweets out my system my mind goes to
what happens next can you imagine now
this sounds like the intro to a horrible
joke but stay with me George Zimmerman
walks into a bar can you imagine being a
bartender being a waitress at waffle
house or ihop or something and George
Zimmerman walks in ready to be seated I
just wanna know how long he has to be in
hiding before he comes out he has what
five hundred thousand dollars in
donations bat he that is now free from
to you so he might buy security like
security guards or something I don't
know what he's gonna do but imagine what
that's like if I was a waitress at ihop
imagine when I walk away would I seat
him and say you work in the drive-thru
window at chick-fil-a George Zimmerman
comes in that same
b roll into your window and you're like
is this real no i won't i won't take
your order I won't what do you do for
the truth the matter is the verdict has
been given Trayvon Martin is dead um you
bend it Zimmerman is will walk will walk
the screens on as a free man so my mind
goes to what is it like to walk the
streets as a free man when you've just
been in a high-profile case for killing
an unarmed teenager can you guys bring
his neighbor did the property value just
plummet the Martins gonna continue they
still live in that neighborhood I don't
know if I was rich and i'm talking out
the wazoo rich the type of Rick's where
you can't possibly use all that money in
your lifetime I would buy them a new
house somewhere please leave Florida
please leave at least buy them a
vacation to just rest soul is a weary
what happens next there's always that
person who makes that facebook status
change your profile pic to black and go
do nothing Trayvon Martin still there
okay so y'all are angry now but in two
weeks you're gonna be watching Love &
hip-hop and you're not gonna care it's
always that person I'm like let me just
strike you swiftly in the larynx if you
bring absolutely nothing of value to the
table one way or another please exit
please just take yourself out of the
conversation you're just trying to be
relevant in a time where you are
anything but so what can we do as
regular people sometimes we feel
hopeless you know saying we're not
professional activists we don't read
audre Lorde papers on the daily I didn't
go to grad school for african-american
studies you got i'm saying i'm not in
the trenches what I say and all I know
how to do is to live a life of
revolutionary love and what that means
is you make a point to UM correct people
I don't care if you do it nicely or not
I don't know your style but
change the way people talk about black
people so for me revolutionary love
sometimes looks like me verbally and
openly and publicly correcting an older
African person an adult when they talk
shady sideways about an african-american
you all know that my family is not from
the US and if you are also from an
African family but you were born or
raised in the US you know there is some
like some clash between
african-americans and Africans from
Africa closely in the generation you
know like immigrants basically i will
always correct you please do not talk
sideways about my brothers and sisters
do this African American children or
they do is that enough I will stop it's
not okay what is that that's why I
supremacy that's them you're black also
feeding into that idea that but you're
lazy they only care about looking good
they don't care about working hard
they're suspicious they are threat
they're violent they always be in a
crime etc etc that's them feeding into
that well I got to correct them and
that's how I show my revolutionary love
so sometimes it's scary because you know
you don't want to get thrashed by an
African grown up but um that's all I can
do as a regular girl living in this
world I'm gonna go leave comments but
say whatever you want to say um and I'll
read them okay have a good day
