drink and I'll tell you alive if you do
not do that I'm gonna love you
hey too broad it's me Evelyn they here
to do a video it's hot was that too much
stronger action I say it's never enough
if you hang out with me on various
spaces on the internet and you know that
I went to international natural hair
meetup day it happens in cities all
across the world and I live in Austin
Texas and the Howard miles and taste -
once the one in Austin Texas and I met
obeah o via natural hair care also my
her super cute brother super and she
gave me the line of products to try out
and review if I so desired and I so
desire so this is what this is this is a
hashtag be GBP which I have coined as a
hashtag black girl beauty brand that
just means the brand the products are
made by a black chick I've been using
these products pretty much exclusively
for more than a month I feel like I'm a
pretty good idea of how they work for me
and how they might give you insight into
how they might work for you all these
products are very they don't they're not
irritating at all if you have problems
with fragrances in your products these
products aren't fragrance free but
whatever fragrance she did use is very
subdued just FYI in case your hair is
anti glycerin its entire line that's
glycerin in it um I got a problem I
ain't gonna be with glycerin personally
I just have to know how work it the
first product is the coconut shea
shampoo bar spilled up to here I have
used this much so that means this entire
bar would last me maybe four months to
six months which for the price is really
good it smells
kind of a medicinal a slightly sweet
slightly sweet coconut flavor very rich
but gentle lather it wasn't like lather
explosion all over the place the shampoo
lather didn't really create slip like
the other shampoo bars that I use create
if I'm doing a good job with my hair
anyway my hair wouldn't be super tangled
to begin with I will continue to use
this I give it a four out of five afro
puffs just because it doesn't have that
weird slip but I don't know much about
ingredients and products but for some
reason whatever ingredient is in the
shampoo bars that I use those have slip
almost like a conditioner like almost
like my comb could run through with
shampoo in my hair
that's unhurt the next product girl
moisture cream it has things like such
as grapeseed oil olive argan oil
lavender oil coconut also it has lots of
good stuff in it yes I have used pretty
much half of this except a cold cream
you know like your mom used to use like
a cold like a cold cream it's kind of
like that it will it is hot in my
apartment so maybe that's why it's kind
of runny but it will pour out but very
very slowly oh the smell it's most kind
of blank if that makes any sense if I'm
getting a little bit of rose getting a
lot of aloe but it's not really a smell
that lingers in your hair at all great
for when your hair is parched like your
hair can snap crackle and pop
spontaneously combust I would style my
hair with this yes it has no hold but
you know I don't really do the whole
whole thing I'll give this a 5 out of 5
just because it doesn't it says I like
really simple hair care really simple
products
I just need moisture that's what it gave
me yummy yummy oils that kind of smooth
my hair when I say smooth my
there I don't mean make it straight I
just mean if you run your finger down a
strand of hair yeah it's nappy but it's
not jagged if you have jagged strands I
have a jagged strand of hair that means
your cuticles are like this
I need your cuticles to be closed so
that they can be smooth shiny and do
their coil map tastic thing girl that's
the science I am a scientist the next
product is the curl hydration spray
enriched with argan oil rose oil and
coconut oil it has a low pH the spray is
actually a mist and not a stream of
product that bypasses your naps and
dress--i hits your scalp and runs down
the back your neck I like that it's a
mist and I'm gonna I'm gonna waste any
product you want you want to go walk
walk through get you some okay I really
really love this number one because it's
not sticky and I feel like these
hydration sprays especially the ones
that contain glycerin tend to be super
sticky to the point you have to like
dilute it with water I really like that
I don't have to do it to do that with
this I don't really like stylers I just
twist my hair with this yeah my hair's
fluffy by the end of the day but it's
soft its moisturized it's not greasy and
I can put this also directly on my scalp
sometimes you just got hard it and just
and just go to where you can use this
city tangle maybe I'm not really about
that life to that degree eight ounce
bottle I have where am i over half this
gets 5 out of 5 afro puffs no questions
asked the last product which is the curl
enhancing custard
what a bit of this sorry this here and
there actually it's quite a bit of this
now I'm surprised because I'm not really
into curl defining in terms of wash and
goes I don't my wash and gos are
literally wash and go no I'm gonna put
clothes on
but that's anyway the consistency of
this is almost like Vaseline like wet
Vaseline
okay I kind of like that it is pretty
jiggly it will pour out of here
eventually the smell doesn't smell like
the rest of the products may be slightly
vanilla II I might just be making that
up there's probably not vanilla in here
at all I have used this on damp hair wet
hair dry hair old hair clean hair bands
knots twist outs twists and curls just
on my edges yeah I tried experimented
with with baby hair arts I dabbled in
the baby hair arts and it's just a
really good product even though I wanted
to be like I hate jello I don't really
use gel it's not really a gel it's like
the title says it's more of a custard
very moisturizing hold product I had one
of the best twisting curls of my life
with this product this entire line I'd
use the entire length throughout one of
the best hair days I ever had in my life
I give this 5 out of 5 I was so happy
with the line that I was gifted by obeah
that I went ahead and purchased her
newest product that has come out which
is but sweet sweet butter
I don't pre sale girl
and I got a coupon girl it is just a
super rich but moisturizing because it
does have water in it
lemongrass and it's just I want to
slather this everywhere I actually use
this on my hair today
and I don't have zero definition but my
hair is the softest but I wish like I
want you to touch my hair this dog is so
good that yes you can touch my hair you
know I'm saying go ahead do a follicle
check if you so please you mad is you
mad though next time I tried on my skin
I report back if you see me with my
shoulders flexing then you know it's
real that I was a twist with butter
which I purchased after being satisfied
with the haircare line the rest of the
haircare line of opf natural haircare so
that was everything I hope this video
wasn't too painful thank you so much
obeah for giving me these products to
try it was a hot enough to meet you and
your family hey if you're ever in Austin
for South by Southwest you're not seeing
this but hey you know I'm saying my
house is your house and you know African
hospitality and because you're doing
well
stay out of trouble they sail a boat on
lei and I'll see you on the internet
somewhere bye
and this bow is deep I'll I may come on
Cara Barbara
if you marry your mom connects to the
ancestors all day every day and sitting
here colonized yes you're right though
if you want me to do a video on next
good continent or something
otherwise that might not seem so next
mine
