hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and in
this video I'm gonna do something to my
hair that I've never done before our
nerd on anything like this before I am
going to diet good diet yes huh
you'll get some side you'll get some
diet okay oh my you don't get anything
huh this mine this is mine okay this is
the Shea Moisture color system I film in
a mirror that's why it's backwards this
is the box it's really beautiful and
what not Illustrated watercolor
paintings and what not
I'm gonna be using bright Albarn and I'm
excited yes but first I need to take off
my makeup change my shirt and pluck my
throw and don't wear any pants that's
what that is
and don't please don't scratch yourself
you don't want flashback so when you
have relax the burn on your scalp
alright is the demo another tutorial so
bow let's go so here's the box
Shawny box you open it and there's
informations and words where it's an
information is informations informations
but you know I can't read so rooms get
back all right then you gonna open the
box that's what you're gonna do but
that's proving difficult and inside is a
cute little pouch and sugar tie with a
ribbon in a bow and it has all the
contents of the color kit the color
creme it got the developer crammed in on
seeing and trap three travel sizes of
the shampoo the conditioner and the oil
Alexa and hat came with a brush I did
have a brush I used it that's why it's
dirty the test patch ignored and it did
come with latex gloves but I use of the
test patch so I just got my own you can
see revolution they were alone
and now you're going to divide your hair
into manageable sections this will
differ for everybody depending on your
hair thickness and length and now the
direction said to Greece
yo edges and your ears in the back of
your neck I'm going to use mine handmade
pressure and I liked how the directions
actually said to use your favorite
pomade instead of like slather and
Vaseline on your neck all right are we
ready to begin now you're gonna read the
directions but if you're like me and
can't breathe it's proving difficult and
you're gonna mix shake and apply it's
really that easy um you can use the
brush if you're more skilled but as you
can see I'm not and then I wonder when I
just put the dye directly on my hands
and put it on the back of my head cuz it
was just too hard I was running out of
time and this is what it looks like with
all the dye in there I'm excited because
it looks really good already and this is
me applying the dye just making sure
it's all on the back of my head the
underside of my hair and as you can see
it's red which means it's oxidized and
it it's useless at this point it lost
all of its effectiveness so when I piled
all my hair on top of my head and
secured it with a non metal clip and
then I set my timer for thirty minutes
that's according to my test patch
everybody's hair is different some
people need 15 minutes I'll be able need
45 and that's what it looks like in the
end it's really rich red nice and I'm
excited so then the directions say to
take your hair down and kind of you know
run your hands through it
kind of you know disperse the dye
through their little moped oh you know
that's not was doing here and then
you're gonna rinse your hair and after
you rinse you're gonna wash it with the
shampoo and then you're going to use the
conditioner in the oil some former
fashion I put the oil directly on my
hair especially my ends and then I
applied the conditioner on top of it and
then go deep conditioned with my Ross
bag and this is what it looks like with
everything rinsed out it's really rich
you know I'm saying nice and red and
it's not dry my hair doesn't feel dry at
all you know feeling good feeling great
this is a close-up I think I did pretty
good considering this is my first time I
got my roots for the most part you know
it looks pretty natural and my hair is
still juicy you know what I'm saying it
still it's not stiff it's not dry you
know Sideshow Bob is yes but that's the
color
um and I'm just showing you how shine T
is and it's real shine T right
and then I twisted my hair as as usual
for the style for the next day the
entire process took three hours from the
beginning to the deep conditioning to
the marination of the dye three hours
I'm really happy with the results so far
I want to see what it looks like in the
morning it's actually red it's for real
red it is red I'm pleased with the
results um I really like it I'm gonna
give base real quick yeah uh-huh and
then show you my roots and my hair
doesn't feel dry at all you know it
feels normal like I just walked to
condition it like I always be going
there's the back looks nice and I'm
really happy
you know that's my review this is
footage of my hair out in the world as
it looks like in real life okay and some
pictures from Instagram add Evelyn from
the Internet's they locked me out and
right now I have two instagrams Evelyn
from the internet in Internet's I'm
alright so this is before and this is
after I'm really happy with my results
so in the comments let me know what you
think of the system if you ever tried it
before see you on the internet somewhere
bye
