hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
happy Friday and famous like such as I'm
just chilling here uh got off work early
I'm just chilling figuring out when I'm
about to get into this weekend but I
just wanted to come and talk pop off at
the mouth and things like such as so
first off I want to say dang it's like
been a really bad week in the u.s. that
is I already got to put that clarifier
cuz you know when tragedies happen in
the US for like what is the world coming
to and I'm like do you not know that the
whole rest of the world is having
tragedies but anyway um in case you
didn't know cuz I don't know if it's
being really widely reported I don't
have a television I don't know um there
was an explosion in West Texas not west
like north south east west the city of
West Texas which is about an hour north
of me here in Austin it's kind of by
Waco there was a massive explosion at a
fertilizer facility and it injured about
a hundred sixty people and there's
anywhere from five to fifteen people
dead so true if you are from that area
prayers man like I don't even know my
office is gonna go donate blood
next week I mean tomorrow not tomorrow
Saturday Monday I'm not sure how much
blood is needed like I don't even know
how bad the injuries they're referring
to are but we've been you know
surrounding cities have been urged to
give blood so ask so we don't do so if
specially if you got one of them Oh
blood ties what is it Oh negative that
you're a universal donor you should
probably be giving your Bloods but
anyway a prayers and good vibes and
everything like that
um what I wanted to also say oh man
first of all I'm glad everyone who
watched my videos was and who is in
Boston is okay I'm glad your feel
you're safe and everything like such as
my little brother actually found out
that one of his friends his mom was
there and was badly hurt and she passed
away um
yesterday yesterday I think she was in
ICU and dream didn't end up making it so
that is just you never even your mom you
know what I'm saying like you don't I
don't know but um but speaking of that I
the reason I wanted to make this video
is because of this interesting piece of
news that happened earlier today
relating to the Boston Marathon
explosion and the suspect whoever that
person may be first of all I'm so off
track but stay with me gosh I'm
stuttering um did anybody notice how in
the beginning when we didn't have a
suspects name we already knew he was a
Saudi national but now that we know the
suspects name like Tamar czesc off he's
only called a foreign national knowing
full well you can look at that name and
tell me what region of Europe that dude
comes from knowing full well we didn't
even know the brown person's name yeah
he was he already had allegiance to a
country and we have a name now and now
he's not a Russian national he's not a
Pakistan or whatever is over on that
side of the world
now he's just a foreign national no just
a suspect and that my friends that's
what it is you know I'm saying and I
don't really want to have this whole
raising discussion I think that's the
problem with race discussions is that
white people think their discussions
when it's really just you should be
sitting down and listening cuz I'm not
really trying to have a discussion I'm
trying to tell you stuff so that's what
I'm trying to tell you that I've
observed you two world have observed
that Saudi national we don't even know
to do its name but now we know
somebody's name you know you can tell
where that name comes from home you'll
if he's not
that country he might be American you
could tell the ethnicity of that person
by the name and just owe for it he's
just a foreign national
he just developed out of thin air but
anyways that's one thing I noticed um
that's one thing I noticed and that's
really Natalia in this country that's
how we treat these things you know we
say act of terror and it's like many
things aren't active terror we do things
as a country that are acts of terror you
know if you want to go there the police
it's an act of terror but anyway I don't
know journalism it's interesting to me
like this gets my wheels turning because
I study journalism I want to be a
reporter you know what I'm saying and so
I'm I news unfolds I look at it through
the eyes of okay I'm an American there's
stuff that's important to me and then I
look at it through the lens of critical
you know like why is journalism ever
enough in a game these days like what's
going on but that's really it's a really
long blog I'm rambling hope you're
listening I don't really I don't even
really care but another thing that I
want the main thing that I wanted to say
was did you see how I MZ I know timsy I
know it's not real a real thing TMZ
reported I don't quote that this Boston
Marathon suspect is heavy into hip-hop
that's to quote them heavy into hip-hop
as if like what does that mean like okay
he listened to hip-hop music so does
everyone under the age of 40 in this
country hip-hop is mainstream music now
you know what I'm saying like hip-hop is
the bridge between a pop song like it be
on Katy Perry
they are like Britney Spears like
there's no what does that mean what are
you trying to say
when you say that this terror suspect is
heavy into the hippity hop
what you're trying to say is hip-hop
means criminal who made hip-hop people
who look like me Monday and it's so
blatant like when I read that headline I
was saying you've got to be kidding me
you really have to be kidding me I hope
this is a joke but it wasn't a joke
granted it was TMZ but still millions of
people read TMZ
I only saw that tweet I only saw that
headline because of a retweet from
somebody so yeah if you go on Twitter
right now and do hashtag TMZ reports
thousands of people are mocking this
headline with rap lyrics saying hashtag
TMZ reports the suspect and then they
quote a rap lyric
the suspect said ez taught him you know
who's a and they're like mocking this
idea that hip-hop somehow turns you into
a terrorist like this music somehow is a
personality disorder you know they're
the way they said it in the way they
meant it was to say that because this
dude is heavy into the hippity hop that
mind give us an idea into the inner
workings of his evil mind like that's
that's what they were saying and
everybody on black Twitter capital black
capital Twitter was like you're in good
so incorrect
that's everybody in this country hip-hop
is this country like you know what I'm
saying like hip-hop is definitely
mainstream music you know I'm saying
your hair Kanye West song playing in
freakin coals you know I'm saying in the
background music of your dressing room
you know so I don't know that is really
pissed me off in and I loved the
response than my people yes I called my
people I love the response and my people
made to this cuz it's ludicrous let me
say a few accent Ludacris is Ludacris
this idea
and really all it is is just this
attempt to otherwise the suspect to make
him seem like he's not one of us
he might be brown he might not be from
the US you know I say he might be
listening to the hippity ops you know
I'm saying this is definitely just an
outsider coming in and blowing ish up it
might be your neighbor
you don't saying and that's about
something I don't know I don't know
that's not something people want to
admit that's definitely some people want
to roll with people over here tackling
brown teenagers in Harlem or but the
Bronx wherever it was because somebody
looks suspicious over here tackling
people running away from the explosion
because it was an explosion the only
difference we knew on everybody else
that was sort of says you brown
everybody else beige like this stuff
just it's it it's painful and then it's
just interesting to see the way the
country reacts and then everybody on
Facebook giving in their two cents I'm
included I'm included you know I'm
included but you really get to see the
way people's minds work P will be
showing their true colors true colors
when I come to talking about race
especially people who want you to be
quiet always watch off for those ones if
there's somebody if something you know
relating to race fix you man you post
about it people are like we should read
them soon bro
those are the ones those the ones that
it's like what don't you care about this
stuff I don't know that's just me man
just meet oh um this is a really long
video I know you got opinions about this
y'all are intelligent group of
opinionated people so I decide this
would be a nice this would be a nice
place to put this I don't know but that
TMZ thing just for real go up I think
I'll put a link to that Twitter feed
hilarious hilarious let me read some of
them actually let me read
okay oh okay
someone said TMZ reports suspect you're
spotted uh nope it's Mary J and a damn
be changed a TMZ reports TMZ reports
suspect will forever be hollering Hootie
hoo when he sees the cops
that's hilarious to me hmm TMZ reports
suspect was last seen being met in the
track he said and I quote it's going
down
see this thread is just hilarious
because it's showing how ridiculous that
headline was ridiculous
TMZ reports the ez taught him it's a
this is the hilarious one team's hashtag
TMZ reports suspect gunned down
among his last requests to be buried
inside a Gucci store oh man I love black
Twitter like honestly y'all are the best
like it's just hilarious but that's
really all I want to say this is almost
15 minutes long so let me get out of
here and have a good Sunday did I say
Sunday have a good Friday and I'll see
you later
ish tomorrow probably it's the plan
isn't it yeah so yeah that's really all
disguise I don't know disguise
