is this real nice it is it's really
always been illegal we going on a trip
yo hey yo it's me Evelyn for those of
you who are new here under breath for
those of you who are new here my full
name is Evelyn from the internet I have
been posting videos on YouTube since
about 2009 inch when everything was
pixelated and did nobody care I've been
a journalist a writer a blogger a
youtuber a video producer filmmaker a
social media marketer a Beyonce Stan but
above all I am a storyteller I use humor
to tell stories stories about how I grew
up how I'm growing up amen and how I see
the world I talk about women's stuff
black stuff African stuff and
first-generation American stuff which
brings us to the point of this video I
am so proud so Hamid to be on it to be
your host for the one love Travel Club
January 2018 trip to my motherland
which is also my father's land Kenya
East Africa I haven't been to Kenya
since I was about 14 which is over a
decade um so we gonna be rediscovering
my roots all right I might cry make no
promises if you seem a little to
turn away to look away one month travel
clubs ability to connect people give
back create new experiences through
travel great areas you know what I'm
saying make a little more accessible
with payment plans amen it's definitely
something I support so join me January
3rd through the 9th 2018 in Kenya the
land opening people we will be flying
into Noro be the capital that su5 both
represented for the 2:5 scope we will be
going to Masai Mara and just enjoying
the splendor of God's creation the
animals the wildlife in anything and I
am especially excited that we will also
be flying to Mufasa the coast of Kenya
vivi√≥ here
in the Indian Ocean I will also be
teaching a workshop that is part of
every hosts responsibility when they
host the trip with one love Travel Club
and my workshop will be how to build
your social media strategy for your
business your personal brand as they say
so it's not all play it is some work all
right so come get your education maybe
you can write it off your taxes so if
you are interested in traveling to my
motherland did you want information on
price more details flight itinerary all
that stuff visit one love travel dot
club all logistical questions should be
sensitive folks over at one of travel
club
I am your illustrious host not show
illustrious organizer to all my internet
cousins in Kenya I am coming along and
rested my internet cousins I hope to see
at least some of you in the motherland
on this trip and if you're not able to
make it I will definitely see you on the
internet somewhere
