can drive anywhere until the fog clears
off my window it's this one right you
put it on this and you put it on heat
and it's supposed to clear up your whole
stuff all right let's see so people
always ask me what the weather's like in
Texas and the truth of the matter is no
fuel in Texas don't know we don't know
what the weather's gonna be like I'm
vena whatsit a day 10 I don't know I'm
real quick I'm going to respond to some
Sabrina Samantha Sabrina I'm who is
evader vlogger by the way if you're
doing Veda you should join the Facebook
group beta 2013 I think what it is and
you know like it puts you in touch with
all the other people who are doing beta
and it's a coin to find new people on
YouTube but anyways
litora spawn to her lack to yesterday's
vlog about being an emerging adult is
this theory that was created back in the
days from 18 to 25 we're not an
adolescent and we're not a young adult
yet which is interesting because you
would call usually me 22 years old a
young adult and it's theory says no
you're not a young adult yet you're an
emerging adult you're becoming a young
adult and that made me think hmm the
main difference I've noticed in the
short time of my life of being an
emerging adult the main difference is
and scariest difference is autonomy and
that's you know this idea of so fool
like if something goes wrong in my life
usually because I did or didn't do
something if I don't have what I want
right now it's because I did or didn't
do something and that it's scary I live
in Austin Texas because I decided to
live in Austin Texas I want to go live
in Afghanistan I'm the only one who can
make that decision and that's the
scariest thing about being an emerging
adults or becoming an adult is this
notion that there's no one to tell you
what to do and that's fine but when to
do it over you're stuck at the same job
for seven years because you don't you
don't know if you want to move on that's
what's scary that you have to tell
yourself when to do something when is
the right time to go back to school if
you want to go back to school when is
the right time you know I'm saying to
move if you want to just move and go to
somewhere where you don't know anybody
anybody it's all up to us and that's
scary so um let me ask a question I'll
pose a question that's always good to
see y'all responses to the people who
watched my videos who are my age and
younger what's the scariest thing about
being my age and younger tell me if
you're older than me and you watched my
videos what does it get better tell me
in the comments if it gets better or not
and if it don't oh yeah my windshields
clear time to go to work now what a
burger is a State Treasurer praise God
