three things I have to go home and run
but I drink this entire thing of root
beer crap number two sorry number two
I'm gonna dye my hair and then test
patch I don't know if you can see what I
just did but number three the most
important of these three items is the
Texas Legislature has now declared that
Whataburger is a State Treasurer
praise God is real news this is a real
thing that I'm saying um
Whataburger is now a State Treasurer in
Texas just like you a KITT good news
we're making progress here in the state
of Texas and I'm saying that's what I
call that's that's what I call progress
I would go to Whataburger and celebrate
but takes me back to my first point of
how I've already consumed enough bad
things today
I don't want to vlog today gotta be
honest you know everybody has those days
just everybody got them day sees images
or God yeah look at the brown do you see
it I think I'll see it this is my
regular hair color and this is bright
auburn from shea moisture so I think I'm
gonna do my entire head that color
hopefully it doesn't make me look
biggest fears to have hair that's the
same color as my face that's just it's
kind of like you know when brown people
wear brown pants it's like are you naked
no I just have brown pants I have so
much stuff to do I have so much so many
videos to edit and I tried taking a nap
last night but that didn't work out I
ended up just having a slumber you know
I'm saying I can never take a nap I'm
just tired and have to accept that I'm
tired I'm gonna slip through the night
not after having an emotional mental
breakdown over the noise upstairs shut
the hell up
I don't even know what to do with myself
right now I'm on the couch trying to
take a nap yes I'm trying to take a nap
at 11:30 at night because I have videos
to edit and I never I don't even I don't
even know I just trying to get some sort
of REM cycle the hell going so that my
brain can rewire after the long freaking
day that's all really all I'm trying to
do I will be damned will be another like
spilling Cheerios like I'm trying to
decipher these sounds and it's not
making any kind of sense no kind of
sense
how large are these children why are
they running why why couldn't they run
when they got home from school there's a
there's there's grass homie we got a
live in Texas there
brass there's no reason you should be
running in half see there's the broom I
was trying to take a nap I look at you
and I was I was fed up and then I went
from REM cycle to getting the broom and
bein on the ceiling and like 0.5 seconds
like you know like when if subconscious
has had enough what Sam
there's your teeth is
