today was a pretty crappy day
this was my computer stopped working the
office so I couldn't really do much of
anything I was kind of doing stuff on my
phone and then kind of an iPad but the
iPad was having troubles and my phone
was just slow so I'm a social medium
where's the camera on this thing I'm a
social media manager so I need to be on
internet and I couldn't be on the
Internet's YouTube so I had a very bad
day today
like not even productive in the
slightest in the slightest so I decided
to go home early it's only 4:30
I usually don't leave work until like
5:30 or like 6 sometimes but I was like
DOS because I'm not here doing anything
so I'm just gonna go home get this run
in day two of the cats to 5k so now I'm
like off the couch kind of like slouched
halfway on the floor it's where I'm at
let's see if I can park with one hand oh
that was sexy what I'm gonna cook it
okay anyway so uh next time you'll see
me I'll be running
Oh God
can I skip to the part where I bring
honor to my country and my people by
winning a marathon can we just skip to
now and I'm at the cooldown phase gonna
go forage for food because you saw the
contents of my fridge it's not looking
good but it's raining so next time you
see me hopefully I'll be rubbing on some
delicious foodstuffs so I really don't
want to drive in this rain to go get
food so I'm gonna have to eat what I
have here and I decided it would be as
good a time as any to introduce you to
somebody who is a very important part of
my life
samosas samosas I got these when I was
when I went home over the weekend for
Easter and mom will hook me up with some
samosas now and if you are not familiar
with this delicious magical food item
please let me be the one to introduce
you the samosa some people call it
sambusa some booza whatever there's
probably another name for it - hmm has
many names but it originates in
Southeast Asia India you know say in
that whole that whole region and because
of you know trade and you know how the
world works people's cultures
intermingle it is a popular food item in
many East African countries you see
because you know if you know your
geography you know that
you got you stopped good then you got
the Indian Ocean and then you literally
have India right so it has it made its
way over throughout the millennia praise
God to the country of my people it is a
triangular a pastry filled with um many
different you can fill it with a myriad
of things and it all depends on the
country I have tried many animals in my
day
I don't like potatoes and my samosas I
don't like peas and carrots then my
samosas and I really don't even like
very curry tasting samosas although I do
eat them drawings I prefer just meat and
onion in labor which is flavor in play
BER um I don't know what kind of it's
like written kind of spice in your
throat but it's not curry and it's not
cumin I don't know what I don't know
what is in this thing but it's good
samosas get you some added little kick
what I like to do what my the people in
my house like to do is add a little bit
of a lemon I don't have um actual lemon
or lime I just have this juice that I
stole from my house and you just drizzle
it on there and it gives that time time
set it off when I die when I die on some
two chains when I die bury me inside
that's the most a restaurant just bury
me inside of some metal stone I'm trying
to sound like I'm someone on Food
Network they do this what they do they
take a bite and they do this like they
can't like they they can't be clean but
they got to be messy with it mmm
depending on who it is it'll be a
different catchphrase this guy's gettin
like wow that's a cake art or something
corny guy he is mad corny um but if it's
like my boo Alton Brown he'll be like
hmm the h2o residuals combine perfectly
with a thermonuclear the bonding of the
molecules to create a delectable gauge
to puff it is both crispy and hunger
simultaneously beta day 2 what did you
learn in this video you learned that I
can't run I need a better sports bra and
samosas are the food of the gods
see you tomorrow
