hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn every
February for four years now I have gone
to Lagos Nigeria to help organize a
social media conference social media
week is global the conference's take
place in cities like LA New York London
Milan and my friend
I call her my forcibly adopted big
sister in Ghazi Odessa is audacious
enough to be the first person to bring
that conference to an African nation
she is ridiculous enough to do it and I
am ridiculous enough to want to be a
part of what she doing we are a really
small team of mostly women which is
stories in and of itself and we are
usually so busy that I never come back
with sufficient vlog footage giving you
a look into my experience just kind of
falls by the wayside
but I always try so here are four major
parts of my annual Nigeria trip starting
with number one the struggle to get show
visa
I want everybody at all the Nigerian
consulates to kick rocks with no shoes
on I am waiting for my visa and my
passport because the vehicles on the
side the passport my visa is late
obviously my flight leaves in a few
hours from Dallas and within Austin so
I don't get really done gay why did it
just get approved yesterday approved
yesterday and I oh why do my people Rex
real listened to my words if you or
somebody you know your uncle your daddy
uncle daddy work at any of the Nigerian
consulates in the US show them my face
because because if I see them with my
eye if my eyeball but seems they are
like next harness punctuality is a
European concept once I touch down in
Lego it is an emotional roller coaster
again just trying to get from the
airport to find my ride cuz I got a
phone that works and people are rolling
up on me and there really isn't any
helpful signage it's hot as hell just
hot but I'm in and then for the next
week I stay in the same building my job
is usually social media focus helping
with all the different social media
accounts we have keeping people informed
via social media these videos when
sponsors are mad they go yell at and go
see and then she comes to them to yell
at me so you know it's a wonderful time
sometimes I'm answering questions from
volunteers sometimes I'm answering
questions from attendees who are lost or
confused and sometimes those come any
sideways talkin reckless forgetting that
I'm not from there so who you talking to
like did you want my did you want my
help cuz there's no way to get my my
help
I'm usually way more quiet than I am in
real life and that's because honestly
the way people speak to me is a culture
shock I kind of just retreat into myself
to be honest which brings me to number
two every year at least one volunteer
asked me Ellen what can we do to help
what you need help with usually because
I'm looking very sad um and every year I
do the same thing just make me laugh
your spirit is calm be of humor your
night Josh and then again I
at all okay la never disappoint
this year our team was joined by a
friend club not and he's from Ghana so
you know hilarity ensued so we back at
the house
this is jollof rice and Nigerian and
this is a Ghanaian how do you feel Wow
Wow Georgia Metheny that's what's
tonight okay good thank you
I'm beautiful to pushbutton in the
gutter Pablo you know this Beach right
what Elise right system up here that's
right right right oh yeah it is because
nobody's going to see this and sinking
below except again you have any other
property because the plantain is just
about that and that's perfectly so is a
secret me the companies to treat me
because I see my famiry
you make me love I'll give you the whole
rundown it is good other people okay
Corinne Jake and so we have something
from it and it's like that you know you
doesn't have that color is not that like
having that which he wasn't gone inside
so darling a the look on the right is
like we don't you arrived you like a big
rice so I don't know this homeless you
this feels very like when this is Google
look I like today it looks like
something like cool I'm sort of a lot if
you look at the common law this is my
example oh you look at guardians a look
on Google okay Terry is very in your
eyes
you start to realize community by giving
rise to that I think right now we are
going to give you the energy Angela
Angela
it's not good to change a life this July
are you prepared to be with random ugly
big Papa when it is you know lift a lot
has been a journey that were taken by my
able to hold an employee who knows where
okay bring it out no element heavily
thank you we are we are popular to the
cami√≥n phenomenal failure
okay the flavor is a lot dinner business
and everyone it does make a difference
yes it's a good Hopkins ha ha ha stop
yeah
good run your eyes and now where was the
American Jesus before the American is
the comment if you remember then they do
it sometimes kidnap by - after
mentioning dr. Joe la salida planting
Wow why'd it go oh yeah little buddy get
off tonight hmm
right because it's more that's more
supreme no no no John Canyon hug that's
right no compared to that the relevance
is given me over the with this dollar
price has uniform consistency of color
it's not like some orange and some white
oh so it does well as consistency of the
body okay number two it's actually the
CEO actually entered the right small you
actually contains your spicy and they
did something that onion do they put
some green peas in there you like this
go for the road which is more adorable
look is good but I don't haven't taken
my like it happen Wow because I mean
it's different it's moving
Booya in case no holidays a lot of had
in my life oh here's always a moment
during social media week where I
disappear I went away I might sit in the
bathroom for a while I might walk down
the street go somewhere get a drink a
beverage you know I'm saying but this
year I ran away to do a collab I did a
collab oh I finally met back-to-africa
here on YouTube my name is come guy and
if you haven't watched her channel or
you don't know anything about her she is
a makeup artist beauty guru basic Kenya
and I have watched your videos for years
so when I found out she was going to be
at this conference right
i'li joy in a sea of West Africa I would
define my Kenyan left y'all know I jump
back and forth from Nigerian to Kenyan
accent it's a difficult really it's very
it's quite hard so I am in Nigeria with
my favorite game everyone we only have a
second guy Hey yes Africa coffee my face
yes yes come to your door subscribe to
channel they will watch your videos but
they will not subscribe so growing as a
youtuber I think it was much longer than
if I start or if I lived in the States
when you
or self-created I mean another whole
thing while you you grow by proxy
meaning because I always exploited yeah
you know I mean so we don't have that
there
the whole idea oh it's like a movement
elsewhere I mean I sound like a culture
of YouTube yeah exactly yeah exactly
actually growing like this mission that
are being explored these days yes it's
actually actually becoming something
that if you're like oh okay and then
after five or six days the conference is
over people go home oh people here and I
only have time and emotional and
physical energy for one touristy
activity before I go home too so this
year we went through like a Conservation
Center home of the longest canopy bridge
in ask right now we're at lucky
Conservation Center going into the
forest rain forest jungle I'm really on
because I'm taking a vlog vlog in it
it's really hard one-handed up on them
ah you want to know how high we are
these are the tops of trees
that is wild Oh my active I've decided
cheese Oh at the top of the trees Oh
Oh the top of the jungle ah say hi
everybody
hey we did God and that's it you know I
fly home I go back to work everybody
thinks I was on vacation and I probably
come back more tired than I was when I
left here is a stack of naira miss Mary
yes if you want to know what the money
looks like is very gross to touch I like
the plastic ones but like the old paper
ones I mean old old paper money in
general is disgusting but the plastic
ones are pretty cool
oh and qua bra gave me a gun and money
so here's the demand money
it's a said e I think it's called a
steady I never actually spend money when
I'm in Nigeria because I don't go
anywhere so I take the same stack of
them back and forth even though it's
stressful
I'm always grateful that I get to go
grateful that I get to be a part of it
because it's important work I think it's
very important work Africa as a region
as a continent gets left out of a lot of
conversations about social media the
future of technology which don't really
make sense because we be getting XP so I
just try to support people who have the
big enough vision to make stuff like
this happen so imma be there next year
God willing my visa is good for another
year ok it's a 2 year visa trouble don't
last long in the comments let me know if
you've ever been to the motherland if
you haven't anywhere to go where would
you want to visit all right let's talk
about and I will see one be in select
somewhere
