post-college live.com i recording i
think we are hi YouTube world it's me
Evelyn
via my webcam hora and I'm just going to
answer a question that I got in my inbox
this is relating to the post college
life so this is me Evelyn the post
college life answering a question about
college you know the future and you know
things like such as you see what I'm
saying Oh bear with me and I hope you
still around cuz you might learn
something
alright so I'm gonna read the question
and then I'm gonna answer the question
because you see let's go alright so it
says hey Evelyn hey I'm 18 years old and
I'm in the 12th grade I'm enrolled in a
free five year early college program
offered to high school students and have
been taking high school and college
courses since my ninth grade year
pause I'm excited about transferring to
a university because after the next
three semesters I will have earned an
associate's degree and will be going
straight into my major of study pause my
questions are number one should i major
in something that will get me a job and
minor in something that I'm passionate
about or major in what I love to do and
hope that something will work out for me
question number two when should I start
applying for scholarships and what do I
need to look for when applying I've
already taken the a CT and I'm not
planning on taking the SAT what further
planning do I need to do alright it's
gonna be a kind of long bear with me I
will preface this by saying that I am
NOT a high school counselor a college
counselor you know the thing I am just a
regular black girl who has gone to
college and graduated the information
advice and I would give my younger
brother who was 17 in 12th grade so this
applies to him as well so that's a
where I'm coming from with this okay so
I'm your big sister think of me as your
big sister I'm first of all I want to
congratulate you on taking college
classes so early college is not meant
get in and get out you know saying
you're not meant to hang around in
college that will swiftly ruin your life
so prompts to you for having the
initiative and the drive and the passion
and what have you to get this stuff done
because it's really I don't want to say
it's pointless but like why are you
taking American history for the seventh
time like we've been taking American
history since you were like in third
grade like how many times can you learn
with the Constitution bill let me go
ahead and answer your questions should
you major in something that will get you
a job and minor in something that you're
passionate about or the other way around
all right here's my advice you only you
only got one shot you know knees weak on
a spaghetti there's vomit on his sweater
already mom's spaghetti you only got one
shot so why spend that one shot not
doing what makes you happy I can't think
of a good reason we only got one
go-round on this green earth colleges
were your passion we'll find a way
your passion will always find you it
will always be there no matter what path
you take no matter what you made you're
in your passion don't care it'll find
you you know what I'm saying so do you
want to spend this money doing something
else and then have your passion find you
or do you want to invest that money in
something that will further and nurture
your passion do you feel what I'm saying
because college is an investment in
yourself and you're banking on the fact
that this institution this education you
know what I'm saying the connections
that you'll make the people you'll meet
the internships you have the books
you'll read the people who'll be exposed
to that all these will improve
you somehow so why not make it such that
it improves you in an area of your life
that you want to improve my advice is
all over the place but you get what I'm
saying right take this time to to to
develop yourself you feel what I'm
saying just just just just just do it
you know just do it and let it be not
really and let me just say this your
college education is not just spent in
the classroom there are two sides of
people in college the people who just go
to class it's a get a diploma the people
who make use of all the resources
internships talking to your professor
networking as annoying as networking can
be sometimes you know saying working for
in my case it's going to newspaper
working for the school TV channel the
radio station doing chicks you know I'm
saying you just gotta do shits oh and I
also believe that people can have
multiple passion but that did that even
answer your question I don't know so
question number two when should I start
applying for scholarships and what do I
need to look for when applying now do it
now you should have been had done that
like yesterday you know all honesty
money monies are out there you like
monies are out there just gotta find it
and you got a bank on the fact that
other people are too lazy to write the
essays or answer the application
questions bank on that fact because
people is lazy okay money is sitting
there right in front of you and people
don't apply for it the way the way I
found scholarships was UT awesome meter
really easy so what you do as a freshmen
is they give you that they direct you to
this page
and you input all your information and
it tells you every single scholarship
you qualify for and you can run through
the list and apply for all compose like
all of them so that's for UT and then on
your own you can see what you can apply
for it through in my case the school of
the college of communications so I
applied for UT scholarships I applied
for the college of communications I
applied for the School of Journalism
newspaper so that's four different way
areas that I could apply for
scholarships you're in clubs you know
what I'm saying I was in African
Students Association and they always had
a scholarship fund you know I'm saying
be vigilant in your search for
scholarships can't stop won't stop you
know I'm saying your community if you go
to church your church might have a
scholarship fund if you're part of you
know and I am team in your community's
rec center they might have something
think of all these spaces and places
that have communities and usually they
got love for the children's and they'll
have scholarships so that's you know
where you should look for scholarships
where you can find scholarships but yeah
so start applying now no no no because
that's what I'm gonna be do you feel
what I'm saying you gotta pay tuition
before they let you technically register
the second part of that question was
what do I need to look for when applying
um you mean what do you need to look for
from them the scholarship should be very
clear about the requirements should be
very clear about where the money is
coming from and why okay sometimes a
scholarship might say such and such rich
person went to this university in like
1952 you know I'm saying went off to the
war and came back and had a love for the
students you know saying they should
have a spiel they should tell you what
you need to do very clear where this
money is coming
when it can be used to pay for it
sometimes scholarships have rules saying
you can only use this for tuition
meaning the money is going right back to
the school it's coming from the school
going right back to the school some
scholarships say this is your money use
it for anything books rent
we don't care this is your money now so
you know always keep your essay on hand
some version of an essay you're gonna
tweak it a little bit depending on the
essay application question but always
keep that with you make a list of your
goals they're gonna ask for your goals
make a list of your aspirations your
hobbies things you've done in high
school and how that can carry over into
college leadership they're always
looking for leadership I know you know
I'm saying if you have you always gotta
pull on them heartstrings I'll let you
hear me y'all pulling on them immigrant
parent heartstrings it's so wrong but
you have to it's a cutthroat world okay
how will you stand out from the crowd
your mother and thought I came all the
way to United States so that you can
have a better life so give me this
$1,000 damn it just develop your story
and stick to it what's your story you
know are you a first are you the first
person in your family to go to college
you know are you the can of a military
person are you oh and if you're in the
military you look for money's there cuz
in that regard they really be taken care
of they are there's gonna be scholarship
monies and the crevices she's gotta find
it so yeah um yeah just keep that stuff
on hand I think I'd answered your
question I don't sound like it's how a
person who already knows where they want
to go to college so yeah planning Shh
it's really just a waiting game applying
and then um
and then um you know waiting to get
accepted but she'll get accepted though
like y'all get accepted so it's really
all I got you know I'm saying this is a
really long video but I really hope this
answered your question if anybody has
any suggestions or advice of their own
to put in the comments put them in the
comments comment leave comments and yeah
bye
