okay let's do this card box Betty okay
good best Bank no there's the set there
is the set about to do this cut there to
claw boxes let's get let's get it on hey
you brought it's me Evelyn I'm here to
do my December crow box review january
curlbox preview so i'd know somebody
asked me to title all my hair hair
videos with the same title kinks and all
well YouTube title them for my natural
hair videos and I just want to say that
I saw that comment I haven't done that
yet but I'm not ignoring you I saw that
comment and once I get my life together
and stop being a massive disappointment
I will do that right now my channel is
kind of in disarray because it's not in
playlists I haven't been keeping up with
the playlist very much so anti ways if
you want to watch the last crow box
video it's gonna be here in the
atmosphere somewhere you can click on a
tree annotations are on if you're using
a cell phone are the types of Voodoo
technologies to watch this video you can
click in the video description box and
that will be provided there and if you
want to know where I got my hat from I
got it from Charlotte Russe maybe two
years ago people would just be accent
I'm gonna start off with what I just
learned are called pillow packs little
sample compacted things
Shea Moisture raw shea butter moisture
retention shampoo I don't particularly
hate the song shea butter but shea
butter just smell so like waxy and my
crayons almost crayons and um and strong
perfume I tried it and it was alright I
was kind of disappointed because the
height for shea moisture in general is
so strong but this is just it's just not
it's just okay it's just okay grant I
only use it
once cuz it's a little sample thing but
it wasn't really anything to holler
about you know I'm saying I'm gonna get
me the three out of five afro puffs um I
didn't strip my hair or anything it but
nubian heritage Indian hemp and Tama new
strengthen and grow hair treatment
masque we you see it's mas quue so it's
not mask it's a mask we I've seen it in
my local Walgreens CVS type deal so I
guess you can get it they're never
really particularly felt like picking it
up but hey it came a little on a sample
and put in the curl box so I gave it a
good I don't think I could detangle my
hair with this in it so yeah doesn't
really have that much slip it was just
okay I only tried it once because the
little sample thing but maybe I'd have
to try it again
to see how we really do I don't remember
what this smelled like but I don't
remember it smelling that atrocious
fakest prevention stronger hair when I
whenever I want
you know big protein treatment to
strengthen my hair I just use henna and
and that works well I don't really need
feel like I need a conditioner to give
me protein when I can just use henna and
hennas like a dollar 50 at my local
Indian grocery store this gets a 3 out
of 5 just because it was okay didn't
give me a bad experience but it wasn't
an overwhelmingly good experience like
did make him want to throw out all my
other hair masks wheeze and pick this up
at my local store so it is what it is I
got four of these pillow packs of
Isabella's own last name of the brand
fix my fro curl cream and I've only used
one out
the four mostly because my hair has been
blow-dried for the past two or three
weeks and just now I you know washed it
again and made it regular so anyways
what I'm trying to say is that my review
of these aren't gonna be too conclusive
inclusive some clues
promise I went to college this is the
consistency it's the exact same
consistency as lotion body lotion light
very light floral perfume a scent
nothing too ridiculous
this really clumped my curls together
I'm not a fan of washing goes like the
work of a wash and go I'm a fan of like
for real for real watching goes where I
just like put some leave-in conditioner
shake that whole and I'm done
you thought I was saying like this
meticulous raking of product it's just
not for me because my hair ends up
looking the same as it would have looked
if I didn't do anything to it so anti
way is what I'm trying to say is that
this actually made my hair have a lot of
curl definition and although I don't
really too much care for that sort of
thing when it comes to a washing Co
because my hair is already super defined
as it is what I'm trying to say but it
was good if I was into heavy stylers
curl creams gels things like that I
would actually give this a trying to
side whether it's a 4 out of 5 or a 5
out of 5 5 out of 5 doesn't mean I'm
buying 5 out of 5 minutes is a good
product and I would
suggest that you give it a whirl -
pillow packs of the lustrous silk curl
max curl activator moisturizer this was
in a car box I don't remember which
month but I didn't like it then so I'm
not gonna like it now so I haven't
busted I'm wide open
um and I don't plan on it
they make my hair foam which doesn't do
much in the way of helping me detangle
or style my hair just kind of and it's
just my hair is already kind of you know
how people have cottony hair you know
I'm saying I have this more like spongy
more than soft fluffy caught me it's
more like spongy so when spongy hair
phones is just a mess and no so I'm not
will be using these so this is I think
I've said it was a zero out of five afro
puffs on the last video so whatever I
say it previously still holds today the
eight ounce which it's a full size um
jar tub thing magic of eco styler eco
styler olive oil styling gel you can
actually go hi let the Koreans and find
this in your local beauty supply store I
don't know why I'm really reviewing this
I feel like this is natural hair care
101 so it's kind of a waste of time
remember the Robin Williams movie it's
like flubber you can plug a hole in your
wall with fit you can you know fix your
pipes with it you know I'm saying you
can do a myriad of things um and that's
just not my cup of tea it has a maximum
hold of ten um if that's anything
millions of nappy-headed women around
the world swear by this
and it's just not my thing I did give it
a try though because I believe in
getting everybody a chance it did my
usual shake my hair too ignorant music
and then this is what it looked like dry
and went on really smooth it wasn't like
but any clumps when I tell you it clumps
it cleansed them joints like like like
it's not a bad product is just pointless
for me so I'm going I don't know girl I
don't know like if you want to use eco
Sam you can use eco styler it's just not
for me I think I'll have to have like
knee cap link hair straight for my afro
to hang down I don't know - I'm five
when I'm five is your out of five not
applicable I don't care that's gonna be
the reigning rating of I don't care the
doctor miracle doctor miracles curl care
soft hold creme my honest review of this
is I have not used it yet because I
don't want to it might be awesome it
might not be in a previous curlbox we
received the doctor miracles stronghold
gel didn't like it in another previous
curlbox together dr. miracle
moisturizing conditioner nourishing
conditioner that was balm so it's
actually pretty hit or miss I might like
this product I might not but in general
I like I said I don't really like curl
creams or gels or things like that I
mean I you know not really interested at
the moment so the rating for this would
be not applicable if I ever do decide to
try it and it revolutionized my life I
will make a video so if you do not see a
video on this ever again
just know that it wasn't good
that's it um I was I did not like the
scroll box um I think it was a September
curl box that had all stylers but they
were all light stylus I made a joke that
just everything was 5 out of 5 so I like
those types of things a lot more than I
like um creams and gels and things like
that but that's just my my personal
preference
some people swear by ecostyler gel some
people swear by dr. Miracle's it's miles
to december chrome box review and here
is the january curlbox preview mazzani
true textures curl soft for natural
curls moisturizing leave and green cream
of nature argan oil moisture and shine
shampoo cream of nature the argan oil
perfect edges edge smoothing stuff cream
of nature argan oil intensive
conditioning treatments when handmade
hair dead
all right
a deep stimulating brush 100% pure boar
OMG music kills a little piggy to make a
brush and a full-size 16-ounce jar
container of a Lenti soy organics twist
and lock and that was the January comets
preview yeah any questions in the
comments comments leave in the comments
and tell you know we can talk alright
see you on the internet somewhere bub
