hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn there
comes a day in everybody's week where
you just start to feel and look a little
Sideshow Bob ish you don't feel like
doing much of anything but then you get
that magical text message from your
friends and they want you to go out
tonight for drinks and do other such fun
stuffs so what hairstyle could take you
from a Sideshow Bob to showstopper
stick around play Oh grab your favorite
headband I like the ones that are
expandable in the front and you should
put it on first because I know you got a
big head and I'm just trying to save you
some time and heartache part off the
front section of your hair like you see
I'm doing here and section it off put it
away for later usage we'll get to that
later push all the hair in the center of
your head from the nape of your neck to
the top of your head then you're going
to pull the two side sections backwards
and inwards to meet in the middle
section you feel I'm saying oh no
there's a visual you got a girl believe
in you keeping the style secure with one
hand you're going to grab a bobby pin
you're going to what bobby pin that hole
that folding technique that I showed you
before is the easiest way I can think of
to use as few bobby pins as possible now
we're ready to work with the front
section of our hair and I'm just giving
you a 360 of what it should look like
it's kind of messy but oh wow
chyna Bravo Johnny Bravo
Johnny Bravo aren't you glad I told you
to put the headband on first because now
you won't mess up the rest of your hair
as you pull the front section through
the headband and put the headband in
place
covering the part that you made to make
the front section as you can see I'm
doing here with the expandable front
make sure you have a couple bobby pins
nearby because this is kind of a little
bit more complicated part so what you're
going to do is you're going to roll that
front section of hair inwards it's okay
if you mess up you're going to roll that
front section of hair inwards until it
reaches the top of your hair with your
hairline rather and you are going to pin
it down so that it stays put like that
as you can see I'm excited this the
first time I'm actually doing this so
you're going to just pin it to your head
like this and as you can see it in work
and expletives were spewed if you're
going to try it again is what you're
going to do because olia said if at
first you don't succeed try again and
the key is to leave your fingers inside
the hair rule is what I just said and
we're going to pin the hair roll down
yeah but I'm excited do that to both
sides
so that the hair roll is secure and you
don't get any Johnny Bravo edge
happening right so fidget with it a
little bit until you look like black
girl on the cover of gym magazine in
live 1952 uh-huh uh-huh Betty Boop foot
it is boop boop buddy
so this is what it should end up looking
like
tweak to your liking okay do whatever
you want us me saying do whatever the
hell you want so that's a 360 okay put
on a nice flowy shirt make sure your
wing tip liner is on point grab some of
your favorite dark lipstick and apply it
over your big juicy lips and that's it a
nice classy innocent pin-up girl stop
stop second outfit option is to pawn a
white t-shirt and a black leather jacket
being a tough guy with it
don't try and be a tough guy with it you
got a problem me hey it's what dawned if
you want to learn more about how to make
this victory roll visit this video right
here
bye around the way curls if you want to
learn more about makeups you're not
really sure what you want to try eating
your face for the god is it this video
by destiny Ghazni that's it for the
tutorial y'all see you on the internet
somewhere fun
I'm done son I'm done that even New York
talkers at Boston Boston I was trying to
sound like somebody would wear a leather
jacket but it's Maithili working I'm
done son or you a wise guy now a wise
guy now or your tough guy you're a tough
guy
