hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn here's
another embarrassingly simple hair
tutorial
but first I'll show you how I preserve
my hair at night to keep the blowout
looking smooth I use twists this is so
you're going to take a section of hair
as you can see and you're going to add
this time an oil pomade butter anything
without water in it for some added shine
and you're going to smooth that on to
your necks and then just going to two
strand twist the length of your hair
like so alright and my battery is about
to die in five four three two one
all fixed two strand twisting my hair is
just another great way to keep my
blowout looking smooth and shiny
throughout the week on the way I always
feel like a gangster when I have these
long twists or braids but just let the
ratchet just just just let it flow don't
try and hold back just just wile out
give yourself the time necessary and
when you're done put on your satin
bonnet silk scarf or go to bed on a silk
pillowcase and go to bed good night the
next morning once you're done listening
to Rihanna you're going to take off your
satin bonnet silk scarf and see that
your hair is soft smooth and shiny
you're going to take down each twist as
you continue dancing to Rihanna and then
you are going to just keep doing that in
fashion like such as mmm-hmmm and now
you're going to divide each twist until
it's fluffy and not chunky like that
both sides scratch your scalp girl at a
rock take your headband double it over
double triple whatever you want and
you're going to bring all your hair to
the top of your head using your fingers
kind of like a comb to make sure there
are no parts in your heads you can't see
the scalp anywhere I'm just bring all
the hair up to the top of your head back
to you and it should look something like
that
okay I'm going to take that hair tie and
you're gonna tie your hair right as many
times as you feel necessary obviously I
don't have that much hair so it doesn't
take as much use your discretion divide
your hair into two sections and loosely
twist then I'm going to take the tip of
that twist and wrap it around to the
rest of your hair to form a little ball
a ball then you're gonna pin that hole
down with a bobby pin or two depending
on your hair thickness and that's it
this is an improvised top knot sumo
wrestler bun fit for being an extra in
an episode of Gossip Girl if you want to
do the ancestors proud gets a piece of
African fabric and put over your head
like this one then you're going to bring
it over to the front of your head and
tie it in a knot once I
two times ahead and then you are going
to say if that time my sister and you're
going to tuck the size into the sides as
you can see and then push it back just a
little bit I just changed the accents on
your not bad and now you're ready to
become black girl tumbler famous don't
forget to shake your bumbum free
ancestors you owe them another option is
using a bandana you want to fold it into
a triangle bring the tip of the triangle
to the longest base of the triangle and
you are going to fold that in half
you'll figure it out it should look like
that at the end and then you're going to
put it on the back of your head and
bring the tip to the front and you're
going to it to the side a little
bit you don't want in the center then
either there or there yeah girl and
you're going to tie a knot in the
bandana that's not number one and you're
going to do it a second time to make not
number two you can either tuck the Tupac
flaps in or you can leave them out I
lift them out obviously because I want
to be flying on women's rights or
something tn Tamera Mowry wholesome
booty pop and that's it for the tutorial
guides you on the internet somewhere bye
you
