hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn I've
become really overwhelmed with the idea
of making a video that somehow neatly
sums up my 2012 that has been a source
of anxiety for the past two hours and
frankly I'm hungry here is a smorgasbord
you know I'm saying cornucopia if you
will of clips like this I can't even not
even edit it in any sort of there's no
rhyme or reason this is just footage
from 2012 we don't talk about it later
happy new year it is a good
the Marley family is going to be great
Ziggy Nesta his South by Southwest 2002
playing I am i'm with the south austin
how long have you been working for the
nude for cooling and also like healing a
lot of tough i had made in Mali
510 visit mommy and daddy are gone i
dunno what to do anymore see I drink up
boots for breakfast and shuffle just
somebody for the pic you gotta sip the
sizzurp okay hey area with my roomie
right here
I don't know
cranberry pomegranate please get on my
level testing 123 testing itch itch itch
1 2 3 testing 123 testing better be in
focus uh-huh give me a heart attack I'm
over this
wait Steve just got into University you
back
