Thank You Veronica Marilyn I try to do
youtuber and I bought the paper and the
spanned in the lights and it's just not
working it's not to asking so I'm a
company like this let me set you up bro
nice and we don't continue with the
video as planned and scheduled the devil
not gonna steal my joy so you are
traveling soon I hear or at least you're
thinking about it okay it's on your
vision board this is your Shonda year of
yes or whatever either way you are going
on a trip in November of 2016 I went to
Thailand and I want to ask them your
questions I'm here to a your cute this
is amazing how did Chloe start one love
Travel Club and how did you find out
about the program
well internet cousin meet Chloe okay
YouTube world is Chloe founder of one
love Travel Club travel connecting
people volunteering entrepreneurship
these are all passions of mine so after
identifying those things and combining
that with things I know that I'm good at
it was a no-brainer to start one love
Travel Club and it's been an amazing
journey so far I definitely started out
solo but we have grown and I have a team
that supports many of our efforts and
help sell this so I heard of one
love Travel Club through the travel
vlogs of youtubers natural Niecy and
mini Marley I have watched their vlogs I
think they had both gone to South Africa
maybe later down the line Chloe reached
out to me and I'll say is this the same
do the same thing this is gonna be Lilly
cold
would you recommend a Travel Club to an
introvert who despises moments of forged
social interaction with strangers asking
for a friend I would recommend a Travel
Club if you're an introvert you just
have to be an adult and manage your own
relationships and manage your own
interactions with people and set
people's expectations up because the
worst thing is when someone thinks
you're unfriendly I'm not unfriendly I
just don't want to talk to you right now
what's your two totally different things
polar I mean three hours if you don't
like group activities then you're just
going to have to figure out how people
are going to maybe keep track of you do
you want people keeping track of you are
you going to be annoyed when people are
trying to find you do you want people
that you have to tell people how much
they should care about you I never felt
like there was a force interaction I was
have to be there obviously though
because I was co-hosting it and I knew I
would have a chance to meet internet
cousins right so I was high from the
jump
I can guarantee you there's another
person who wants to go somewhere and not
talk on the journey there find that
person and go with them oh this person
wants to know if they should go by
themselves because a travel group is too
expensive as cheaper to go on their own
definitely possible to navigate Bangkok
alone Chiang Mai alone yes there going
to be some difficulties at the language
barrier but you will figure it out it's
not again I'm comparing my travels to
Lagos in Nigeria Lagos Nigeria is a
chaos that I don't that I just have not
gotten a handle of just get data talk
you're gonna have to talk to people so I
think the more you're by yourself the
more you have to talk to people to get
information to get from point A to point
B and low key if a Travel Club
experienced group travel is too
expensive you can just meet up with them
there
you want to say that part of the Babu
brigade and I'm saying pad like I would
pack as light as possible but check your
Airlines restrictions for the baggage
size so because the Asian airline I was
using their carry-on policy to fly you
gotta be this big I had to check a bag I
don't know well you should leave at home
because I don't know your life your
lifestyle you know what I'm saying but
the one thing you should remember if
you're going to Thailand
you should bring something to cover your
body for modesty reasons so in Thailand
everybody Buddhists and if you go to a
temple to visit and you our woman you
cannot have your legs out you cannot
have you cannot be walking around the
most beside me okay
bring you a little sarong you know
didn't say a little just cut out five um
and just wrap it up or wear pants what's
the best way to vlog while traveling and
how do you backup save all your videos
and pictures on long trips that's a the
vlog is so we can't have in front of
your face and blog um blogging is hard I
don't back up anything I could lose it
all at any moment I bring as few as
little um technology as possible in my
mind if you bring it you have to be ok
with it getting lost damaged or stolen
so I don't bring my computer I try not
to bring a hard drive I just bring my
camera battery sometimes I don't bring a
camera I just use my phone and make sure
I got enough memory it is what it is
okay I ain't no Casey Neistat okay um
I'm not much help because I am a plain
sleeper I sleep in Planes Trains
automobiles buses so the flight was
Austin Texas here home to Seattle
Seattle to Taiwan Taiwan to Bangkok
Thailand that's why from Seattle to
Taiwan I think with 13 hours I have a
cycle a system a strategy of sleep for
two and a half hours wake up watch two
movies so what's at four hours four to
five hours depending on how long the
movie is sleep for another two and a
half hours wake up and watch two
these go back to sleep do it again go
back to sleep do it again and you're in
Asia
if you cannot sleep on planes you might
have to get you a melatonin if you want
to go the natural route you can find a
medication if that's what your body
requires I would be careful with those
medications especially if you're
traveling alone on the flight back home
from Korea a couple years ago the guy
next to me had taken something and he
was a rock I had to like climb over him
to go to the bathroom like he was just
dead weight and I'm like I feel like I
don't feel safe in that but hey he did
not wake up for the whole flight from
Korea to the United States so I guess it
worked
traveling from Bangkok to Chiang Mai was
really simple I mean it's a flight and
it's on one of like the more local
airline and I like a huge plane it's
like a small plane like the plane I
would take from Austin to ballast
that's comparatively what it's like to
fly from Bangkok to Chiang Mai I went
through security they didn't know what
to do with my hair they were looking at
me like I think we have to check it but
I don't want to ask I don't know how to
ask just go through so that were the
questions about being black okay I know
my black friends have traveled to other
parts of Asia and have spoken about
people wanting to take photos of them or
with them and touch their hair was that
the case for you I did not experience
any weirdness being black Thailand
I called Thailand one of the black Asian
countries like they Brown over there
that's not to say that colorism is not
prevalent we touched down in the in the
airport and a big billboard with this
white white girl promoting like lotions
lotions there were no weird glances
other than the fact that I'm a foreigner
South Korea it's one of the run around
with an umbrella because you don't want
to be in the Sun here some countries all
right people were asking me to take
pictures people were taking pictures
with
asking me people wanted to be in the
picture people didn't want they was one
of the picture of me I was on the train
with doyon and this woman literally
pushed her children to us and was like
speak English today also in Bangkok
specifically there is there are a lot of
immigrants so one time we were on the
the bus going to our necks like a
charter bus going to our next
destination and I saw a Nigerian man
watch out this tree which is full I
don't know what that long clothing is
called and you can see his face the bus
full of black women and some dudes and
we're just like what is that in Bangkok
I saw lots of East African people so
Somali your EcoP and I don't know how
the air we are here eh we are here I
don't know what you like so there are
people who like nature there are people
who like buildings in architecture there
are people who like physical activities
there are people who just want to eat
and that's all they want to do don't ask
them to go nowhere pay an admission fee
for nothing I think part of the fun of
traveling is figuring out what you
shouldn't have done after the fact we
went to the white temple I'll put the
name the real name of it we went to the
white temple and that I knew ahead of
time that it wasn't a real temple but
it's literally just a photo op you can
skip that one also it's a far journey it
is a Jacke me just walk around see
what's around you and don't be scared of
doing touristy stuff you are a tourist
see onsen so but
did the massages hurt it looked like
what would happen if I stepped on a
crack but it would be my own back the
massages did hurt okay uh they hurt so
good okay two and a half hours you get a
neck act you get two neck at and then
you lay on your chest is coming hurt and
then they scrub you down like they scrub
me down to my DNA I felt like they took
all the years off my life I feel like an
embryo lifts my butt up scrubbed
underneath the butt flap put the butt
down to just like bop bop bop bop bop
slapping your boobs to and fro whoa
but when you get out hey you feel like
you can forget all of your life up until
this point throw it away
it's useless to me at this point you can
begin on you if I was always harder time
aside entirely I don't know I don't know
what I'm here for
I was saying that the food wasn't it
didn't hit like on the level and I
remember one time having your like
gesturing like I'm black it's different
give me the spine I did eat crickets was
the best thing I ate but it was an
experience I wanted to have to either be
look for a bag
Oh God you think someone was not seafood
in some tropical food allergies could
survive but I mean if the allergy is
like life-threatening I'm going to err
on the side of caution and say no you
can't survive cuz why would I tell you
yeah and then you die the thing of it is
is like you can't make requests some
places you go they might be
accommodating and then all the good
spots all those super local spots all
the spots were don't nobody speak your
language trying to communicate to them
you could ask does it have seafood alike
no look if you like it don't and then
you die because it was cooked in fish
oil
who is the Family Channel Family Channel
I was ready to get a tattoo in Thailand
yes it was going to be in Thai shut up
this is already cultural appropriation
as it is let's keep the ball rolling so
the whole like stick and poke tattoo
situation done by monk is it really
possible for women because moms cannot
touch women price so how is how is he
going to you know how is he going to
okay I'm going to go to a tattoo place
get a regular dental or tattoo or I
would get it like the bamboo stick and
poke tattoo which is not gonna be
blessed if that will be hold of course I
don't speak Thai he don't speak English
and I don't know how to say what I want
in Thai I only know the english
pronunciation or the english what about
transliteration you can see thai letters
and they say something but i did notice
a thing II thought I said Africa I was
like ho ho no that's that way that's not
what I said um okay I kind of freaked
out that Wilshire
he said put it in Google Translate I
said what I won't do is have a Google
translated tattoos with what I won't do
sir so I just gave up and I went home
and my body is naked but a lot of people
on the trip got cut twos a lot of people
got their first tattoo your first tattoo
is a big poke down your rib curve
hopefully I helped you out or you know
you have some insight into what it was
like to travel to Thailand I'll keep you
posted on it some going anywhere else
anytime soon all right so comment below
some stuff where you going where have
you been what Bill is and I will see one
unit somewhere bye
