outfit of the day going to a natural
hair you think babe it so I'm going to
nudge this outward so I'm going to a
natural hair event to go into that NAT
biology one it's like in a neighborhood
so it's awesome they don't have to drive
all the way to Dallas to go to these
natural hearing them good that it's
right in my HUD these cameras
otherwise notice good pretty um and then
they're like what color is this khaki
dark tan who cares
and then this yellowish v-neck from
charge a eros of course a twisting curl
good up the ISO okay it's a twisting
curl obviously all right and y'all
wonder what it looks like in the bat oh
dear God
sometimes it hangs the recommending is
really weird so I don't know if I should
get cut I don't know but anyway I never
know what the back looks like so that
makes two of us
are you how are you good
Isaac your video song
hello I think not
oh you're on a bug by the way Devon ur
divine a nice to meet you
what
that's what they are
this is all busted make me over
deficiency that's how people write those
minerals over time we get older people
right so that's why it looks clear as
opposed to started like the darker ones
yeah
the images that you see on the magazines
in television still exist with all the
bits you know they are blowing in the
wind but my hair didn't blow in the wind
and I wanted to do that you know those
of you who are advanced ears
these are panel okay Julian active at
econo Auto and Joanne's blog is called
Bella Kings it focuses on a holistic
sort of lifestyle
this is brie Bethencourt next to her and
she has a blog it's actually the form
called Harris but it it started as a
forum he has evolved a little bit they
talked a lot about natural hair but
they're off they also showed love to our
sisters who were not next we have brandy
killer from organic Beauty talk and she
does have two youngest audience to then
she says a lot about natural products
and so we're going to talk a little bit
about this real sort of movement not
just about going that a little bit about
being natural but she works very hard to
dispel the myth that using natural
products means that you don't roll
dorsey and she is organic beauty vixen
calm again
eco-friendly things that she
concentrates on
Oh
this is going spreads time my five guys
buddy it's overrated
oh my god your buddy excuses to go and
he's like but but but still want to miss
some curls I know I just did not want to
do it I was unhealthy I was like oh oh
listen so my dad went to the shop cut it
off she's like part of it it was really
long after cutting off I think this is
preventing me from being healthy so I
swing the shop one day and told me we
could all go in that's how I became
catcher all right so it's the end of the
event we got some we got goodie bags are
you jelly um we got some goodie bags met
some cool people and it was an excuse to
get out the house frankly I've never
been to a natural hair event so I was
like what is sort of stood out yeah
bitch the Miss Jessie's home but I was
working so that's a very different vibe
than just sitting and like doing stuff
right so it was fun natural hairy bed
haul these are all free samples I did
not purchase anything from the Jamaican
mango and lime people Kweli cream
pudding nice and curly curl me up curly
pudding this too much the cleaner
haircare products three sisters of
nature oh it says compared to Miss
Jessie's Oh O'Day beefin a must be
beefin my son thing says compared to
that's beef it says compared to Miss
Jessie stretch silk and in cream so I
bet the price point is significantly
lower that's the only reason
would do that same the cleaner three
sisters of nature
Oh this is compared to kinky curly they
beefing the naturally the natural
curling gel oh oh oh this says it's the
three sisters of nature again it says
compared to miss Jessie super Subban
Sriman a beefin its hallelujah yg
interesting ly enough my mom asked for
she took out a fear at the great
detangler so good luck with that
mother I'm miss Jessie the sample of
baby buttercream super seat back
treatment super slip sudsy shampoo um
creme de la creme conditioner the pillow
soft curls which I am excited to try
actually so that's my home um I hope you
enjoyed my haul see you on the internet
somewhere ba Buddhist high definition
quality you look fine fine boys
