testing 1 2 3 can you see me hey
youtuber it's me Evelyn here with my
September curl box review and my October
girl box preview omens been around
minute but if you're new to my channel
then I'm gonna explain it for you
whenever I do a curl box review I'm
literally reviewing every single product
that was in rank robux
so think of it like having like 6 or 7
however many product reviews in one
video so that's fine if you looking at
the time you're like I'm I'm gonna watch
this number one yes you wish number 2
for sideways off in the time continuum
and yeah so let's get started
so first in the Kovacs was the lead odd
climate control heat and humidity gel it
is a gel serum type thing you know it's
like a Jo but it's watery and it's like
a serum type deal he was actually quite
a bit of this even though I do not like
doing wash and gos on my hair it's like
sticks like it's like you know how
people do quote do finger coils or like
comb coils my hair looks like that
already I don't know here here's some
texture shots I did a little
it's a big
and it smells like perfume it smells
really Pleasant a really light smell
doesn't linger in your hair so I used
this like the directions say you know
that doing that whole like break through
your hair swimming through your hair
shake it and go I actually really liked
it now I still don't like my wash and
gos people like do curly puddings and
custards and stick to wall pace and I'm
like I can't take all of that it needs
something light little moisturizing or
benefits to it and this definitely had
that head slip it went out real smooth
no flakes no crunchiness it was just a
nice soft hold and that's what I like
also used this on my bantu knot out
twisting to curl a type situation and it
really did well nice soft hold the only
problem is the price but yeah I'm not
impressed I'm definitely not pressed but
I just
I enjoyed it like it's good just cuz I'm
not pressed doesn't mean it's not good I
need a 5 out of 5
afro puffs next in the curl box was a we
dyed white to the shower cam I don't
review a comb it's a call I got to throw
out my old one because it was getting
busted and get a new one you know saying
and that was really helpful
like sometimes fixing the comb mitts to
hold the creams and the crumbs and the
brûlées and you know I'm saying the
custards and the icings and the buttery
spreads sometimes you just need a call
so I really appreciate this like this is
like you really care about me
Carl box to give me a comb you can't you
can't
a one-ounce a little sibling of curly
hair solutions Carl keeper it's a serum
a gel kind of like this
it's that same serum ezm science the
army texture it's like water
except it's heavier and I'm saying
thicker and slicker I was like perfume
or berries kind of it's a really nice
light pleasant smell
you had slip or real smooth and I can
always appreciate that and yet this has
a lot less hold than the weed ID heat
and humidity gel but it's enough for me
if you need like some so if you if
you're in like the business of making
your hair behave then this mine let me
feel but for me where I just want it to
you know keep us little curl thing going
on while I style it um it's nice it's a
good definer I give it 5 out of 5 afro
puffs
pull mine
could have gotten a product from blended
beauty organic root stimulator or eaten
body wax and I got one from organic root
stimulator and this is the nature shine
the rich blend of natural and essential
oils the first ingredient is coconut oil
then you guys soybean oil then you got
cyclomethicone then Kukui nut oil
essential oil of lemon bergamot
spearmint and fragrance so it's really
like a soap for that random method comb
thing it's really like wholesome and
stuff so I don't know why they added the
mythic own because it feels I feel like
it would be fine without it and smell
perfume II kind of it's okay it's a
spray bottle like this and now there's
oil on the atmosphere okay I did that
for you now this oil all in my
peripheral vision just an oil like you
know saying you can use it to seal your
hair you can use it as a pre-poo you
through it understand now it also says
it's good for the body
hmm I've been using oil instead of
lotions like the past year or so and I
really really love it it makes your skin
super super super soft after you shower
you're kind of kind of wet
just like lightly take the most of the
moisture off you but you're still kind
of wet and you spray this on you and
love it in mmm-hmm
I've been doing that with my own
grapeseed oil I've been doing those
coconut oil and that all care about when
I saw a product like that I think is
called after bath by Twain handmade and
I did not want to pay to do that when I
already have oils at home so I just put
my own oils in a spray bottle been doing
that and this is the exact same thing
it's the really the exact same thing
just oils in the bottle and you spray it
works fabulously I like it for my body
can cuz it's just oil this is nothing
it's not like a new product just you
know new packaging maybe you never
thought of it you never paid too much
mind but yeah I really like it five out
of five stars it does what it says
because my skin grows soft soft and
makes my hair soft because oil in my box
I got design essentials natural twist
and set setting lotion
it's liquidy and when you spray it out
it's real acquittee but it's slick it's
kind of like this if it was this was a
lot less viscous it's a light styler
which I so so appreciate because I don't
like crunch and hold and all that stuff
I talked about before it's like baby
flowers perfume everything all together
in one I really like this money this is
the bomb
I feel a lot less guilty when I impulse
buy it from a physical store versus
impulse buying from online so if this
was ever like in the store I would
definitely pick it up again and I'm
definitely gonna use this entire thing
like it might take me forever but I will
so all I do is on damp hair whether it's
coal walk with it shampooed or whatever
I just put two squirts in my hand just
rake it through and if I slip you
thought I'm saying your curls are
starting to define and then I just twist
or just do whatever I was gonna do and
it makes my hair shine tea you see what
I'm saying it's just I feel bad cuz like
this video everything is just became you
got I'm Sam I almost want to hate you
something on purpose but I don't 505
afro puffs like my bed
Who am I Wyeth beads your words you can
say how did you know
next we have the sing makin a chiral
shampoo bar the sink shampoo bar at some
one ounce sample came in this little box
and this is what it looks like it's in
my little you know shampoo bar case
thing and it's kind of stuck okay this
is what this is what it looks like it's
like a really fit cucumber slice like
really thick I've used it a couple times
and it's done I've done the shampoo bars
I use from SH a Grand Valley and enjoy
creations and more recently Bo bean
those are like anywhere from four to
seven bucks for a massive chunk of
shampoo bar so like $12 a day blue bars
it's so it has slip like this phenomenon
of shampoo having slip is something I've
only experienced through shampoo bars
you don't make no sense but it's so and
you can start to like finger detangle a
finger finger detangle but I out of all
of y'all if not about that but it's like
I am not the one but I can somewhat
finger detangle you know I mean it's
amazing
so yeah this I mean it cleaned my hair
nice lad they're detangling I mean I
don't go in with a comb but my hair like
loosens up I do have cheaper shampoos
but it is you know it's okay and um yeah
like I encourage you to try it
am I really back to say this but I
modified that afro puffs I think I am
everything in this curl box was 5 out of
5 like this don't make no there's no
made no sense like how can I like every
single
I was my review of the September crow
box kind of uneventful because I liked
everything moral of the story I like
really light hair stylers because I
rarely use anything to stop my hair so
if I do
I would appreciate like a gel type serum
or a light setting lotion or oil and
after you get out the shower makes your
skin nice and stable and shampoo price
with slip they do exist right so now
that we're done with that
October robots preview 15 ounce African
pride shame but a miracle moisture
intense bouncy curls hoodie lustrous
silk moisture max carrots and amino acid
leave-in creme conditioner dr. Mia
poolside lettuce 12 ounces dr. Miracle's
curl care nourishing conditioner Eden
Body Works the two fluid ounce a hobo
monoi hair milk body ecology a little
sampling of the wild puppy nourishing
body cream for little capac it's a
little packets of twists and locks
shea butter organic leave-in conditioner
this but hey so yeah that's fine October
robotics preview just got me ask me
think of everything that's in there and
that review
Paul Ryan at the vice presidential
debate so many questions even comments
anything people in the comments make
comment comments hands we'll see you on
the internet somewhere bye
