hey two worlds-- me Evelyn and I decided
to do with the what is called five
things I'm not here for tag I'm because
I don't have any friends I tagged my dad
himself okay
I'm not here for that means I don't like
it very simply put like I am not the one
I don't I don't wish to engage in such
behaviors I don't wish to associate with
such things I'm not here for that so I'm
about to tell you five things I'm not
here but first honey time much better in
no particular order five things I'm not
here for number one most mainstream pop
music these days whether it's hip hop
pop or R&B pop or like dance pop like
actual pop pop if it's all kiss-fm and
fall into this category when they do
that crescendo beat shots music theory
one day crescendo into oblivion let me
demonstrate
mm dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
little outdone and then you dance that's
one of beat drops and you're supposed to
shut up and dance
uh sure his entire last album beyond
them I'm not 100% sure but I feel like
every time they could be on the starship
or trying to pound the alarm
she crescendos into oblivion I don't
like the crescendo into oblivion because
sometimes they'd be giving me heart
attacks because sometimes I feel like
the beats never gonna drop you know I'm
saying like it's done done I'm like is
the beef in a drought like when is the
beet coming it's like
and and and and and and and and and and
and and and and the gumdrop it's just
gonna keep crescendoing escalating until
we all explode cow juice
um it's not okay it's not okay with me
let's sit well with me both literally
and figuratively think that this is like
a distinctly USA thing drinking milk
like telling kids to drink milk and they
drink it with everything like I'm sorry
milk doesn't go with meatloaf ma'am like
why are you forcing this child take
drink milk with pizza especially like in
elementary school it will be like
Wednesday a milk carton and pizza
Tuesday a milk carton and chicken strips
what I might none of this goes like none
of this goes together I personally don't
think we should be drinking milk with
past a certain age like why are you 35
and consuming milk I don't I don't never
understand I'm not here for that number
three YouTube ads that I can't skip I'm
not here fitted if Wanda Sykes come on
here telling me one more time
if gang works and she says please or
whatever she says if Hope Solo
goalkeeper hoodie USA women's soccer
team tells me one more time that her
skin care is simple it's time to have
the audacity to put like a one-minute
commercial that I couldn't skip get off
the screen I came here to watch ratchet
arcing heels that's what I'm gonna do
I don't have a smartphone I have an
unintelligent phone and I'm not part of
the whole Instagram community I'm not
here for guys thinking they look pretty
like I'm not here for that at all don't
show me what you ate I don't care what
you're wearing I don't care how you
finna get it in um I don't care what
beverage you are consuming that night
then the light skin was be putting like
filters so they're green eyes look like
a rainbow colored hey stop I'm not here
for this and the pose I hate the most
are you ready the salute tumblr twitter
facebook Instagram all saluting you're
not in the army sir who are you saluting
me to and I do like they fight they live
and I raise the eyebrows oh you got the
forehead ripley's and then they salute
bow then maybe they point who was the
last thing I'm not here for I'm really
not here for for pancakes when someone
says pancakes like in unison the entire
world jumps up and says yeah I'm like I
don't I don't do that like I don't
pancakes does not awaken anything within
my spirit it doesn't resonate with me
on a psychological level I'm not your
pancakes team waffles
you
