what up though
no was just so the spirits lost um fun
fact a mass British man
I used to write about Tony Parker my
diary when I was younger um Tony Parker
and Ginobili they were all up in my
diary mm-hmm do your diary today -
nobody made a three prayers gosh go out
- whoo all those families that lost
someone in that flight to Lagos Nigeria
that is ridiculous
a dad worked with a guy whose brother
sister missed a flight they were
supposed to be on that airplane
and they missed it it's crazy
it's shout-out to Mia flota on the
YouTube internet she sent me some Miss
Jessie's super sleep act treatment
because she thinks I'm real and I think
she wrote ooh
why didn't any of y'all yahoo some fake
philip fake why didn't anybody tell me
there was a typo on my business cards
like there was a typo on it and i caught
it and the faq and i caught it and
changed it before they were printed but
there's a typo on the front tell me if
you can see it
so now I thank on my get down business
cards and I don't know what any of y'all
from Arizona
you need like insight into Phoenix life
yeah I'm saying if you guys know of any
cool things happening or any community
is you don't feel get covered in the
news media um you know or just any any
cool things happening like such as
please let a sister know so I can the
head oh no that's your area and get that
covered for you that Erykah Badu Flaming
Lips video yo she had a well and it
wasn't even her it was her sister yeah
her sister has sweet baby Ray's barbecue
sauce dripping all over her and I'm
gonna just say that that last one was a
donut glaze can we just agree that that
was a donut glaze okay and then glitter
and all that that was and she had long
braids to go public took a while to
watch all that donut glaze out of her
hair I don't know what I was trying to
symbolize symbolize but I was really
feminine and I feel like we're only
talking about it cuz it's Erykah Badu if
it was some college student artists we
would be like this is wack but because
it's Erykah Badu because I like analyze
and be like there must be some
meaning you know I'm saying hunts and
five percenter type stuff but no
sometimes it's just whack but that's
just my opinion
you know and I have kept in mind that
she's an artist right right right
hey Wednesday I'm going to the sandy
gold Santigold going to the fancy gold
concert with my BFF hashtag black girls
are from the future Wiz
you just got to know Jolie have to know
or my scar is fading I think they are
whoa my hair gets lopsided it's like all
the way down there and then like smushed
up here like I don't know what to do
with my life mmm mmm mmm honey boo boo
yeah I should probably wash my bedsheets
someday I don't know sometimes I wish I
just never got on social media to begin
with says Ellen as she posts her face to
the Internet's but seriously don't you
feel that way sometimes too like you
could just disappear as far as the
Internet's are concerned sometimes I
wish I could just disappear there'd be
like nothing you can find me I have a
giveaway coming soon from open to
everybody even my grass I see stars
across the ocean so I'm gonna look out
for that I don't know when that's gonna
happen but it's gonna happen claim it in
the name of Jesus
yeah baby do you just wanna say that
yeah baby you once had in church what
anyone would wanna know um all right I'm
gonna go figure out how to fix these
business cards okay you have a good
night or good day depending on when
you're seeing this right just have a
good one
