haha how good's on happy Wednesday
alright so i'm here with yet another
music playlist show this episode 5
continuation of episode 4 call please
don't call this world music and its
various musics from various countries in
various languages other than english how
many videos we got I think for bit much
for videos for countries for languages
it's a first time we hitting up the
continent of Africa the country of Kenya
and the language Kikuyu i right was just
dude Harry kimani this is an old song
like this was hot in like two thousand
three or two thousand four but I still
really like the song called hiya it's
hiya is like an exclamation
whoa Wow OMG you know I'm saying so I
guess that's what it kind of means I
really don't know what he's singing the
song I feel like he loves old girl and
old girl loves him back he's like wow I
love you he does little afro fusion jazz
R&B with some half pro beats it's like
it's really nice real smooth wood avide
he's getting his D'Angelo on and that
waterfall but I met him though second
song we stepping out the motherland head
to the Diaspora here I'm saying we got
ski beaks the producer from North
Carolina he from the US but he teamed up
with los Rakas from Panama to bring you
mr. Miyagi off his upcoming how's it
dropped you I'm not sure 24 hour karate
school presents 24 orders this squalor
it's like the Spanish version of 24 hour
karate school which has already you know
been out when to beat drop though I dare
you not to like do that ridiculous take
your dress I love this song and who
better than Moustakas so they are
cousins from Panama but they rep that
Oakland on San Oakland California debate
area that's the said they rip as well as
Panama you got got rich in the rock are
done I stand for these two dudes let me
get my clip on I think I post like a
picture but I got done maybe five times
a day okay I'm exaggerating but he's
beautiful that awkward moment when my
first tweet got retweeted by Osaka you
okay that's fine that's okay then we go
back to the motherland Kenya is the
motherland mother my mother and father
hates Nigeria now so it's motorland this
do depot he is he he's awesome the song
be your man afro fusion jazz is kind of
like Harry combine the first video
see I'm with that kind of groove to it
tell me but this video beautifully done
it's comical in the video depot is
trying to gain the interests of a fine
fine girl and she is not interested as
oh I saw that so all right and he's like
you singing in English in your bar and
then there's some pigeon in there to tie
it all together to make a seamless just
it's a smooth records and then for this
last one the big shout out to youtube
username kts 718 this person gave me
like a list of suggestions thank you
thank you thank you I chose one of your
suggestions for the last video in this
playlist it is a long freaking video I
think this man knows how to make a song
under nine minutes it's well worth the
time democratic republic of congo funny
papa i don't know if i said that right
but i'm hype soukous don't below its
like the fast-paced kind where they're
like you know and they're doing all of
this you know they're doing all that is
so awesome this blue valley can he can
dance like it's like he doesn't in his
sleep can't even try it so yeah this
song is in French and I don't know what
the other languages I can only
understand him saying girls read your
hands boys raise your hands and then I
don't know the other instructions he's
telling them to do post on number
octopus or number haha but they be doing
it okay be don't like a song is called
dois i'm at the right path I don't know
that sounds really philosophical to be
jarring to its nine minutes long but
it's the last video will be alright it
won't hurt my feelings if you skip to
the end that's fine and I'll just see
you at the end of the waitlist and
please don't call this world music but
did I even introduced myself I'm Evelyn
by the way
