okay hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
and um this is a requested video from
vintage Ray on YouTube Internet's and
she axed I'm moving into a dorm for
culinary school I want to know if you
have dealt with doing your natural hair
and community bathrooms in a dorm if so
any advice on taking care of my hair
without in the comforts of my own home
for example do you wash your hair in the
shower then style it in your own dorm
room your advice would be great help
okay first of all hmm congrats on
getting to culinary school that's really
really groovy I have been natural since
2010 I think yeah right I think that's
like 2010 and this is what I look like
oh it is a little little and cute so
number one you're going to be really
really clean cleaner than most people in
your dorm if you're in a community
bathroom right and there's two showers
for like 15 girls and like eight of
those 15 you have long straight brown
hair if someone leaves a chunk of hair
in the shower I can't identify whose
nasty head that belongs to right who
didn't clean up after themselves I have
no way of knowing and it's gross but if
you have hair like me and there's no one
else on your
or with hair like this it is very
identifiable and you don't want people
thinking that you would a nasty girl now
I'm saying leaving your hair everywhere
you know because our hair looks a lot
different so I always made sure to clean
the sink or whatever to clean the shower
when I was done washing my hair because
no you can identify which blonde hair is
on the floor but you can definitely
identify the hair that's going like this
like all through the shower cuz the only
girl was hair like that
no I'm saying so gonna be extra clean
cleaner then the person may be a
roommates gonna have to be they can just
get away with random blonde hairs
everywhere random you know brown hair
whatever but this got cleaned up after
yourself cuz he booking pin point whose
hair is this yours someone came to my
hair routine yes I would separate my
hair in two sections in my dorm room and
then I would go to the community shower
um to the community bathroom and uh
shampoo my hair conditioned my hair as
normal and then I have to come out of
the bathroom go back to my room detangle
my hair and then go back and rinse out
the conditioner it's annoying I wish I
could just like drag a chair into the
bathroom and sit in front of one of the
sinks and comb my hair that way but I
have to be considered the fact that
there are only two sinks in 20 people
that need to watch their hands at any
given time so I just have to do it in my
room but I mean after a while you get
used to it because even at home I can i
detangle my hair sitting down because it
takes that long and when it comes to I
guess to the relationship you have with
your roommate or whatever especially if
it's a new roommate it's a new situation
you don't know this person previously
they don't want to like be in your space
or disturb you um so you just got
you have to be you know real Frank and
like light-hearted about it like we can
still carry a conversation we can be
both watching TV you know I mean we can
be talking you know the only difference
is I'm facing a mirror combing out my
nips okay I guess he's got to
communicate with your roommate on that
end um I mean I had really cool
roommates shout out to Sarah um I
remember when I was like a freshman I
had braids or whatever and she was like
do you need help taking him out love's
like ah my girl just offered to help me
take out my braids like I think I'm in
love and to be honest you might feel
like a little self-conscious
um because doing your hair is like being
naked on hear me out
it takes a while for some people um to
be comfortable with undressing in the
room me I don't care like let's have a
no pants party but um the same way I
guess goes for some people doing their
natural hair they don't want to expose
people to on that whatever that means
but my philosophy is yo it's my hair
it's my room you don't say I'm paying
for half of it so you know imma sit in
my designated corner what a mirror and
detangled my naps okay and there's
nothing you can do about it
be easy you know I'm saying and it might
take a little comment in the beginning
when you're first getting to know your
roommate hey I'm finna sit down and
detangle my hair this may take a while
um but yeah I'm still here you know I'm
not like even though I'm not facing
facing a mirror my back can still hold a
conversation we can still be watching
television I'm just combing my hair and
it just happens to take significantly
longer than you hope that helped anybody
have any tips um
put them in the comments below I'm sure
vintage ray would appreciate that so
that's all I got
and yellen's furniture so I was the
awesome
