hey YouTube world
hey the post college life com it's me
Evelyn and I'm here to answer a question
that I received in my inbox have you
ever failed a class I mean like every
exam in it or even just a final if you
haven't have you known anyone who has
what were their next steps I just feel
the business class and business is
supposed to be my major I feel like the
world is over right now and I don't know
where it go with my life I feel like I
should have completed college long ago
when the fact that I'm still not done
we're doing great makes me want to cry
my other issue is that a friend of mine
is taking the same class at a different
school and his was easy so I helped him
pass I don't get it
thanks for your time signed call me
confused I have never failed a class
I've gotten really really close so daddy
in astronomy y'all know I can't even
divide little own calculate the distance
between two stars as they fly past each
other
sunburst how far does a flame throw I
don't care I did fail a lot of the
quizzes a lot of the tests so the minute
I realized that not only will I not get
an A or B or C I might not even pass I
had to quickly go to my advisor or my
counselor or look up the school policy
and see how I could preserve myself even
though astronomy wasn't in my major I
needed a science credit so it was
something that I needed to graduate when
I realized I wasn't going to be able to
get science credit because I would not
see I needed to see to get actual
science credit change the class to what
my school calls pass/fail meaning that
there's no a B C and D is either you
pass where you don't and the thing about
those types of classes is that they
don't count towards anything except an
elective so in that way it was kind of a
loss because I had to find another
science class to take next semester but
all I had to do was pass with a D to
have it count not hurt my GPA it
wouldn't help my GPA it just wouldn't
hurt it self-preservation that damage
control that's number one my biggest
piece of advice so go to your advisor or
a counselor and see what your next step
should be because it really depends on
your University what you're allowed to
do next because a lot of it you have no
control over and that's the hardest part
for example how many times are you
allowed to take that class I feel like
most universities put a cap on it so you
need to find that out and enroll the
next time take a class second time
around with a much easier professor and
this point is out like I said it's all
about self preservation but keeping you
intact I feel like when you realize
you're not going to do so well in class
that's time to get out of the class I
would rather stay later because I have
more classes that I have yet to take
then to stay later because I'm really
taking classes depends on your policy
the date you're allowed to drop a class
the repercussions of dropping a class
you don't want to do that too many times
otherwise they'll have 150 elective
credit hours and like two credit hours
to your major you need to figure out
what what's been going wrong okay and
this will help you pass the class the
second time around but it will also just
help you overall in your other studies
just revamp everything you've been doing
if you didn't go to office hours good
office hours if you were procrastinating
studying don't procrastinate anymore
you also need to take a look at if it
has anything to do with your test-taking
skills there are some people who get
very anxious
when it comes to taking tests and it
severely inhibits their ability to
finish the test in the allotted amount
of time and my university has resources
available but you have to know about
them which is the thing has resources
available that they can assess you if
you bring that note to any professor
they are they have to give you more time
or give you a better environment for
test taking so I mean if you if you
think that that is what is the problem
with your class and your class taking
then I would definitely look into that
at your university should you should it
be this hard and if you've done
everything you've done the work you've
studied you've gone to office hours
maybe you need a tutor maybe you know if
you if you feel like you've done all you
can and you're still not getting the
results that you want you need to go
into self-preservation mode and if that
means now this is going to be the
hardest piece of advice if that means
changing your major or completely
changing campuses then that is what
you're gonna need to do because like you
said your friend took this class in
another school and it was easy so it's
the university just sit alone and think
about what you really want to do what
you want to get out of this college
experience and if getting that specific
business major is the only way to do it
you have to do what's best for you
because college is a financial
investment number one so you have to
think of a way to save your money but
also come out on the other side graduate
with something that you feel you can use
I would just like to say that don't let
anyone anything or any preconceived
notion of how things are supposed to go
discourage you from getting the job done
don't let the amount of time you spend
in college don't let the fact that maybe
other people around you're graduating
don't let that distract you from the
task at hand which is to get your degree
which is what you have decided is what
you want to do close your ears to haters
to the discourages to the people who
want to throw snide comments your way be
about yourself you know this is the time
to be selfish so I can say reassess your
life talk to your advisor block out the
haters and keep on moving with a very
distinct end goal in mind so I really
hope it helped if I didn't answer your
question enough um feel free to inbox me
again and if y'all have any questions or
any advice you want to share your
experiences hit the comments and I will
see you on the internet somewhere bye
