hooman to close my focus who even knows
hates abroad it's me Evelyn here with
the review of the April crow box and the
preview of the maker box extravaganza
listed on the April curl box this is an
actual review of each and every product
in the curl box so once again if you
want to skip back and forth you don't
wanna hear my mouth on a certain topic
or on a certain product then the table
of contents will be in the description
box below and I welcome you to utilize
it all right use at your leisure so
equals crow box had two full-size
products the eden Body Works all-natural
hair milk peppermint tea tree I didn't
really use them I use about that much
texture cream regular just what you
think of when you think cream well now I
don't want to do this all over my hands
I really don't know how y'all be
spreading stuff on your hands when you
do product reviews that's how I put it
on my edges okay it smells like
peppermint tea tree like it says but it
doesn't particularly tingle which I'm
fine with
but I did not like this product because
it would dress it wouldn't sink into my
hair I had like no slip you feel me so
hmm yeah I mean it was founded by a 13
year old and I don't want to hurt her
feelings
Jasmine Lawrence but nope you're just
sat on top of my hair on wet hair on
damp hair on dry hair it didn't go
nowhere we'll give it one out of five
afro puffs because I don't want to be
mean to a thirteen-year-old next we have
the am pro pro style olive oil
Jill first of all let's discuss the
texture looks like flubber
you know the Robin Williams movie nobody
I watched a lot of people's reviews and
nobody mentioned the fact that it feels
like wet
Vaseline it's not sticky it's not snotty
it's not runny it rubs into your fingers
like it's Vaseline but wet no one
whatever really said that I'm like I've
never felt a gel that feels like
Vaseline have you there's a Vaseline or
Vaseline
it's me smells like chlorine pool water
um but hey I guess it's perfume smell
and it's actually a really good gel I
will say it works with my not today it
doesn't crunch up if you use it right
like the direction say it fools you into
thinking you need more because it's so
soft so if you're into washing goes if
you're into using gel for your twist
is's I would actually recommend this I
want to give it four out of five afro
puffs just because I'm a hater like that
but I'll give it five out of five a
purpose even though watching girls and
using gel in general is not my thing
it is a good product Ultra Sheen ultra
care sulfate free hydrating shampoo it's
like a clear gel looking thing it's not
very thick at all let's talk about the
smell
show me why does it smell like basil
kind of like sulfur a kind of like basil
kind of like black peppercorns in here I
don't know
it does not lather very much and I and I
wish they would say that on the bottle
otherwise I just keep pouring it in my
hand and putting it in my hair because
I'm expecting in my mind a certain
lather and I'm not getting it so I'm
like am I doing this wrong no it's not
supposed to lather as much it didn't
really make my hair feel one way or the
other it's not as good as my shampoo
bars by any stretch of the imagination
and the only time my hair was really
really soft and or was when I had a
prepaid for like 75 hours on accident
before and using this so I mean the
preak who helped this along
out of the way two out of five afro
puffs next we have the curls unleashed
by organic root stimulator the take
command curl defining cream first of all
the accent mark I don't know why to do
this do I want to call it a creme no
it's cream anyway this was a I'm gonna
say two outs sample signs which is a
pretty good sample smells I don't even
know just hair product smell thought I
would hate the smell but for in my hair
I loved the smell and I don't know why
this smell lingers in my hair so if that
ain't your thing if you don't like
smells to Spaniel here you can go light
up this book and it looks like pudding
comment buttercream I sing pudding you
know what I'm saying
judging from the title in by the
directions on the packaging you supposed
to be able to define your curls with
this and this did not define my curls at
oh and that was really disappointing
because the name is Kru defining cream
you know sorry cretin
it didn't go smoothly on to my weight or
a damp hair but interestingly enough it
actually works well on my dry hair it
really moisturizes my hair for some
reason it's not greasy and it holds a
twist really really well I will give it
3.5 out of 5
no what's half of five Wow two point
five out of five afro puffs just because
it only worked when my hair was dry and
not when my hair was wet the Darcys
botanicals sweet cocoa bean curl
smoothing cream first of all that rhymes
actually no it doesn't kind of does but
anyway and yo like this is this is a
problem this is for real this right here
is for real actually left a little in
the bottle because I know y'all wants to
know the texture and I'm like it's a
sample so I mean I would have finished
it by the time I do the review but
anyways it is the texture of milk for me
now put it in my heart now if you watch
denim Pixies video it's a cream so
either my house is just really really
really hot because this has never been a
cream for me it's always been there's
always been this texture see our Anita's
detection of slightly thicker milk okay
hmm
yes ma'am you may have to then come up
and spoil your hair smells like
chocolate I want to eat my hand right
now um but that wouldn't be classy use
this as leaving use this on wet hair on
dry hair um just worked and that's all
at the end of the day that's really all
you wanted products to do just just just
to do what you say on the bottle I have
the shine shine tea we already talked
about this they're shiny and then
they're shine tea I have these shining
tea it's
twists us yo it's like not a joke very
smooth on my wet hair very smooth on dry
hair it's a very soft knee this is
amazing it is on par with my own
handmade hairdo the hairdo was a lot
thicker obviously has that the same
mousse Chur punch factor blow in your
face but they're just different textures
if you like the smell of chocolate if
you like your curls to be smooth you
know not defining smooth this gets
seventy five out of five afro puffs like
multiple heads of eight next in micro
box was that's how will you watch need
three pack product sample thing a great
detangler the curly curl cream and the
curl sealer so let's talk about the
great detangler it didn't you take off
my hair at all not only that it made my
hair so dry like so dry them my hair
that week we're just busted like to the
point of no return text
very light cream its liquidy almost
looks like a setting lotion if bones in
my hair is what I'm trying to say
it smells like calab me otherwise known
as Cologne a little bit of just for me
you know they're just for me
hair relaxer brand a little bit less
just for me memories okay it's slippery
in your hands so you think oh this is
gonna be good no it just foams and
doesn't go anywhere I mean if you have a
loser pro pattern and your hair is like
smooth you don't I mean I feel like a
mahogany curls that's what I'm trying to
say you might be able to comb with this
and you might have slip in your hair but
for me it just foamed up and that's it
it gets zero out of five afro puffs
because it's it was just trash in my
hair it was horrible the curly curl
cream these names are just getting more
ridiculous as the years go on the
texture of this thing is insane
do you see how it's sticking straight up
it's not pouring or folding this is like
that maniac glue hair gel whatever it's
called white people use it paste not a
cream not a gel it space it's just when
I saw the texture was that how does
gonna go like how's this gonna go it
didn't go anywhere
it didn't smooth down my hair it just
made a rougher it did not nourish my
hair while adding shine and moisture
taliah waajid it did not do that and
then it says you can use it on dry hair
I don't know what about looking at this
texture it's standing straight up says
put this on dry afro naps I don't know
what I don't know how that seems like a
good idea but I did it it pasted it my
hair stayed it's paint its glue I don't
know I just don't recommend it again I
just encourage y'all to try things out
for yourself because there's probably
one person watching this like Evelyn's
trippin and it's not like
whoo but to me in my hands and in my
hair it just gonna want to wear a
disgusting texture it's like tacky not
touchable not soft zero out of five afro
puffs the curl sealer it's not it's a
gentle he looks like a watery ER version
of the am pro pro style it's not sticky
kind of has a smooth vaseline vaseline
whatever type texture to it I don't know
why you would call a gel a sealer
why couldn't you call it curly gel curly
curl gel my head of sealer is an oil so
I don't know I mean you can at least do
your research that Leah waajid okay but
um I actually never tried this product
because I was just so through I think by
the time I finished these I was done so
I cannot vouch for the effectiveness of
this curl sealer at stopping frizz
adding moisture defining shaping and
sealing in the science or texture of
your curl I cannot vouch for that
so the rating on this is not applicable
no tres hair moisturizing protein pack
you got these two little point 25 ounce
samples so the texture is watered-down
toothpaste it's kind of translucent but
kind of like mint green looking it looks
a lot like toothpaste just watered down
a bit kind of foamy my hair drank it up
if that makes any sense it did not stay
on my hair very long to the point where
I was like don't need to rinse it out
because I don't see anything in my hair
my hair wasn't wasn't moisturized really
was it strengthened compared to Ana no
it really wasn't
took the time to deep condition my hair
and the outcome wasn't bad but it wasn't
good it was nothing it was neutral so I
mean 0 0 out of 500 bucks okay I'm sorry
those were all the products in April's
chromebox but what they also included
was a 20% off everything at Belle
butters that Big Cartel
calm I tweeted the curlbox code it's
expired now I've tweeted it you can't
say that I'm selfish because I tweeted
it you guys know from the last curlbox
review the mahogany roots and what I was
on the market for a hair butter but I'm
not gonna pay $22 for a hair butter I'm
sorry
you know I'm Sam I went on Belle butters
and fear mad affordable so let me show
you what I got
using the bill butters coupon that was
in April's curlbox orange dream cream
butter for hair and body so above you
see the price that's before the coupon
ingredients shea butter orange butter
jojoba oil extra virgin coconut oil
extra virgin olive oil sweet almond oil
and then pop to Finn what is a
preservative it's like that whipped
feeling but it's still thick like icing
it's kind of a pale yellow color
it smells like orange creamsicle huh
okay let me calm down it smells like
orange creamsicle I love this on my body
whoo in my hair I have used so much
considering how short how little time
I've had this just all over it's all
over my hair and my body there it go
there go it's gone okay inside with my
skin making my chocolate eNOS even more
delectable this Mays curlbox was the
birthday box because may is my leeks
birthday month
you decided to grace us with three
full-size products kinks I am free
miracle kink cream that name is
ridiculous I'm sorry design essentials
natural daily moisturizing lotion last
to QP olive oil and mango butter
moisturizer I want to say this is four
ounces of habibi vanilla and rose body
balm this is like freaking silk on your
body you know kiss your own shoulders
organic root stimulator olive oil get it
root stimulator care repair intense
moisture creme olive oil hair masque
wait intense treatment organic wood
stimulator root stimulator shea butter
hair and scalp lotion Vince which is
like it's called love the journey and
it's a little booklet a little hair
journal thing if that's your lifestyle
okay um y'all know I just go out life
like wow so um I don't really do
booklets in which I document my hair but
some people really benefit from things
like that lustres re nutrients slick
stick which maximum for maximum moisture
smooth as edges and old style y'all it's
like chapstick for your edges genius
chapstick for your edges that's the
maker box
I will hit y'all with every few of that
in June
