hey Soop world it's me Evelyn I'm really
excited for this episode of the youtube
music video show playlist show thing
because as the title suggests we will be
traveling the world all of these music
videos are in a language other than
English because on this channel we're
world travelers yes my passport only has
like two stamps on let's still we can
travel the world who the wonders of
music so I know shout out to my Janelle
Monae eyelashes you know say you know my
name anyways so in this playlist I'll
feature five videos five countries five
different languages so I thought I do
not hurry up and get your about the way
just kidding I got love for my European
fam so what first we have boom clap
bachelors and music collective of
sinners and producers from Denmark in my
opinion the most notable artists from
boom clap bachelors are the two people
you'll see in the first video the
fabulous cocoa on the focus and robin
hannibal on the beats some of you may
know those two from their other musical
project Quadron they called their music
electronic soul and i'll be playing the
video for their song I don't have I
don't know how to pronounce it but there
it is
it is in Danish a mountain on portico /
under King rusev on a good day that's
something ooh Leah my French is rusty as
you can tell but we're traveling now
from Denmark down to France with this
next singer miss your nose machine wash
off I'm telling you if you like neo-soul
I'm saying that true rhythm-and-blues
I'm saying R&B that groove that smooth
would be through my name she truly sick
i need a function the second video
you'll be watching is for his song
called flash some music you don't need
to understand just need a feel this
music p y agua de NOS vamos para brazil
i were to these folk kina kai portuguese
is getting there it's getting there do i
sound convincing its third video is from
Brazil like I said hidden of South
America with musicians sale Georgie I
don't know I don't know how to say his
name properly cell is a man of many
faces and hairstyles because he looks
like this and this and this and at one
point he look like this and I doubt
you'll even be able to recognize
in the video that I'll show with the
sickness another voice is rob but
soothing even though he has multiple
genres under his belt the third video
that I'll be showing you is for his song
chibi huh song which means I was right
and I think we'll be classified as a pop
samba ha you actually thought I'd make a
playlist show of songs that aren't in
English and not include my motherland
which is also my father's land hashtag
Kenya for the 4th bill is by just the
band which is a Kenyan pop electro so
how sometimes here's the cornucopia of
things got bill samanga dan muli Jim Chu
Chu and Billy Massey of these four dudes
make up just a man and the fourth video
I'll be showing you is the video for
their song Hey okay 2008 album scratch
to reveal unrequited puppet love being
stuck in the friend zone yeah but it
made me that you work alone so generally
is a quite manly know my Swahili is
pretty much non-existent and this song
is pretty much entirely in Swahili home
and they're still on the four sentences
in total but you know saying i'm working
on me what can I say so Denmark thanks
brah zoo Kenya uh-huh and now last but
certainly not least we're gonna go back
to South America hashtag afro-latino
hashtag grammy award-winning hashtag I
wish I spoke Spanish for some hip hop
from Colombian group chalky town I think
the times in chalk in town so I chose
the song calentura
three people make up Chuck keep down but
I got my eye on lead singer Gloria coil
Martinez she is I so click the button to
start the playlist and i will see you at
the very end vamos la barra knows i
don't see ponyo haka however the hell
you say hurry up and Danish let's go
