hey uh it's me Evelyn once again same
day same clothes different video topic
this one was requested by I've moved on
hey I'm shot to you well you give us an
update on your current hair routine and
staple products what you use how you use
it why you like it staple hair styles
etc etc and give you some ideas and
inspiration that would apply it to my
hair type I can definitely do that for
you nothing fancy is going on up here
the basics I wash my hair once a week
usually on a Sunday night sometimes I
can't be bothered and don't get around
to it so Tuesday night but nonetheless I
try and wash my hair every week I have
two shampoos you loosens moisture
benefits shampoo the same shampoo I've
been using since god only knows it's I
it's a shampoo I use it when I'm lazy
shampoo bars I'm using shattered Valley
soaps the coconut kind up with the link
in the description when I tell you if I
was really about that lifestyle I could
run a comb through my hair while it has
suds in it this is also serious like
this is for real this is what it looks
like I actually have two bars in here
this is the coconut one this is the
Bissau marshmallow it's me they all feel
the same in my hair
phenomenal cop that do what I did get
like four samples you're only gonna pay
like $10 plus shipping
it's actually amazing ok so um that's
what I used to ship in my hair because
it's moisturizing my cuticles are all
clothes my hair's not rough it's smooth
if my hair is not tangled I can actually
skip conditioner and go straight to a
leave-in and style my hair like that's
how moisturizing this shampoo is I use
awesome ways to conditioner because it's
cheap it's really really really really
thick it smells nice and my comb can run
through it when I need to angle my hair
I use a wide tooth comb and sometimes
I don't really have a method to the
madness just when I feel like it
I run a dead man after my hair is
already tangled to smooth out the naps
and the curls and waves a little better
and making my twist out then as a
leave-in conditioner I use key curly
knot today otherwise known as the tears
of God's angels slippery makes your hair
juicy you could detangle your hair with
this too if you're about that lifestyle
I am NOT but you can if you really
really wanted to it just juice your hair
up really nicely it moisturizes it soft
tough just good to style my hair in the
cold months I would just use a pomade
from coin handmade so if sugarberry
pomade burnt sugar pomade this is
actually all I have left but it's summer
anyway so I use mine handmade hairdo to
style my hair I have really fine hair I
don't really like too much insane
definition because my hair sticks
straight out it's so coiled like it
sticks it's just all over the place so
um I don't want hold so I just use a
moisturizer a thicker moisturizer then
say this I have kinky curly on hand when
I want to do why she goes but those are
very few and far between so it's not
worth talking about I add about that
pre-poo life style and then I do I hit
up that vodka or a regular coconut oil
but ever I have on hand right now I have
coconut so that's what I use before I
shampoo st. bangs I've been using since
forever in a day I really only do three
hairstyles three or four hairstyles in a
week and it's just the evolution the
natural flow of hair from clean to dirty
again twist out that's the first out I
will always do no matter what twist out
and that will last you know Monday
Tuesday Wednesday usually without
retwisting then Wednesday it's starting
to kind of busted sometimes even on
Tuesdays from the busted depending on
the weather did I Drive with
you know I mean so I'm like Wednesday
night I will take water it's just plain
water I have added essential oil of
spearmint for fragrance that's the only
purpose for it this is what the
essential oil bottle looks like it's
like six dollars and I've had this for I
don't even know how long it's full like
essential oil you literally only need
like three drops and an entire spray
bottle to fragrance the water so I
really twist my hair on damp you know
spritz hair I'll either retwist maybe
change it into a braid out and so and
then seal with some coconut oil or
something then the next day I undo it
and if it looks fine I'll wear that out
for the next two or three days but if it
doesn't look good I'll end up pinning it
up into what I call it the bootleg pinup
there's no rhyme or reason it doesn't
even look nice in the back you have the
front out and roll it pin it wear a
headband bula pinup bow bow and then by
the time it's like Saturday or Friday
night um and I Reece PERTs my hair again
just with water and then I do a bantu
knot out and that's actually the
scenario that was in my bed tonight on
video the hair I had in the beginning of
the video was that Buble pinup and then
I took it down I only use water to two
strand twists and put in the bantu knot
and the next day
banging bantu knot out and that's really
the UH the way my hair moves and by the
time at Sunday night my pants when I was
busted again again cuz i don't use
products with hold because I'm washing
my hair every 6 or 7 days so what kind
of hold I mean I don't want something
that holds for 6 days because I could
only do one style they were saying but
since I actually redo my hair every 2 or
3 days I don't mind the fact that my
hair loses a definition in those two
days it's like it's not that big of a
deal to me if I feel like washing it out
I'll wash it out or I'll wash on Sunday
night and I'll just put it in a puff put
it in a little head wrap bang and beyond
anyway it's really the only sauce I do
know watching goes really low just cost
heartache this is what I don't like
Corbin
dark-skinned sister
it's just too much and the back hangs
down but I mean it's nice that moves but
temples everywhere number
if anybody has mustard like to add put
in the comments profile board and I'll
see you in the next video bye
