hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn it's
really hot in here this is a requested
video from could you be loved one shout
out to you EV e can you please do a
video on preparing for finals or tips on
how to stay focused for them I will try
my hardest if advisor with the best
advice that I can give you but keep in
mind that even though I have earned a
bachelor's degree that does not mean I
was a good story good or that we didn't
take this advice someone gave it to me
yes your own risk good number one do not
study with your best friends because
your best friends are your best friends
for a reason they're funny they make you
feel good inside you enjoy their company
none of those things go with study none
of them we would hang out more in the
library than actual studying on the
other hand do not study alone in your
dorm room or apartment what's in your
dorm or apartment a fridge probably a TV
most importantly your bed so the
temptation is there to just slip into
bed or even worse figure and get away
with taking your laptop into bed with
you and doing work in bed it's not gonna
work out for you so I recommend going by
yourself to the library or to a coffee
shop or something and getting work done
that way if you do need to study with
someone a good idea to find someone in
your class that you can team up with her
a couple people granted these won't be
your BFFs for reasons that I talked
about before but these are people that
will kind of complement and supplement
your not supplement what I sound like
that will supplement your knowledge you
guys can compare notes which notes um
talk about lectures you know you guys
can balance each other out another thing
I suggest is making a list writing down
everything you need to cover I don't
know if your professor a teacher
provided you with a review or a study
guide but if not
then you need to manually go back
through the syllabus and physically
write again every subject every topic
that needs to be covered so it's easy
for you to knock stuff off your list
instead of just a mad dash to just read
everything because if you're like me and
you have a really read you realize that
you're not going to get to everything so
if your list is really long just
realized that you're going to have to do
some skimming you're gonna have to go
through everything maybe once but if
your list is kind of short then you can
go a little bit more in depth and really
get some good studying in I cannot study
in complete silence because what i will
do is i will create noise tapping on the
table or making a beat in my head you
know beatboxing in my head it's
something i will fill the silence
because it makes me really uncomfortable
and it makes me fall asleep because only
time my world is ever under percent
silent is when i'm asleep getting a good
playlist up of music that you like
usually listen to music that has no
words because i'll be focusing on doing
the wraps you know i'm saying have you
rack and with drake and that doesn't
really it's not really conducive to
study so i usually turn on
make a playlist set a goal a number of
things that you want to get accomplished
in a day or in a couple of hours or
however long you're studying take it in
bite-sized pieces more you just jump
dive into the mass of material that you
need to study the more you will get
distracted discouraged and you'd rather
you know go downtown for drinks with
your friends instead of studying like
you should be another tip if your
professor has special office hours go to
them things because you never know what
the TA or the professor's gonna say that
will give you a tip on a question that's
going to be on the test you never know
what another student is gonna ask and
that answer will give you your answer
and I never go to office hours regular
office hours you know every wednesday
from due to 330 i never got in things
but if they have special office hours
like hey guys i know your papers do you
know three days from now so tomorrow
meet me at some random place and we'll
talk about it i always go to them things
always go special office hours just go
take breaks when you're studying after
you've gotten like a solid two hours of
study done like solid two hours you can
start to fill your mind wandering
checking out that boy in the corner boo
i smell donuts then it's time for you to
take a break close the books closed the
laptop put the pens and highlighters
away and go outside get some fresh air
cuz you know libraries I kind of like
hospitals they're just it's not a good
environment no matter how much money
your school pours to make it look nice
still a library okay find the google doc
you know how people send that mass email
if anyone wants to contribute notes some
a google doc OMG do it sometimes all you
have to do is contribute your sloppy
notes just transpose them to the word on
to a word dog send it in and you'll get
access to the google doc and it will
have everybody's notes
from the suckiest student to the student
will literally bullet pointed even the
professor's tangents made a powerpoint
slide with word art in the rainbow swirl
google doc go doc okay and if at all
possible get your friend to change your
facebook and or Twitter passwords so I
hope this helps if anybody watching this
has any more tips put them in the
comments I'm sure people would
appreciate them good luck on your finals
