hey it's a world Hey the post-college
life.com I've been trying to make this
video for the past three days but
technical difficulties but the devil is
alive this video is not just for college
grads like myself it's for high school
kids middle school kids people still in
college it's for people my age it's for
people my mama's age anybody who has
aspirations it's for everybody it's for
you YouTube world so I come to you with
a question what do you wanna do with
your life no forgive me if I'm on my
oprah life class why right now cuz I
just called last fifteen minutes of the
one she did with Deepak Chopra the side
note I got to film an interview on the
red carpet at South by Southwest the
Deepak Chopra and his son got them and
there's a photograph I took I'm just
turning painting a picture taking
pictures and they just look right at the
camera in a slight bit opened up my soul
cuz you know Deepak Chopra you know he's
also and so I was like but yeah anyways
that's besides the point what was I
saying there are lots of motivational
blogs and Twitter accounts and and
there's this guy better you better hear
what I'm telling you I need you to plan
as if it is going to happen I need you
to plan as if it already happened are
you hearing what I'm telling being very
very motivational if not threatening but
those assume that you've already set
your goal and you just need ways to help
reach them but if you're like me you
haven't really figured out what it is
that you want to do with your life now
in college professors multiple
professors have told me that I am a free
spirit one professor even used the word
a mysterious
and I was misty that's just polite
professor speak for I have no idea what
the hell you're gonna be doing five
years from now girl that's not what I
wanted to hear
i won I just can see you doing a b c d c
doing well
professors never really said they could
see see me doing one thing or the other
and i felt some type of way about that i
graduated college in three and a half
years so I left school earlier than the
people who I came in with which kind of
threw me out of whack obviously because
I was not in graduation mode you know
it's when it's May graduation
everybody's graduating like oh let's get
it in everybody's updating their
facebook status I got the job I get the
internship
I'm going out later I'm going you know
I'm saying and for me I graduated in
December
not that many people I knew or with the
same year we're graduating and I hadn't
really given myself a chance to figure
out what it is that I wanted to do I was
a journalism major I got my degree in
journalism I knew what industry I wanted
to be in but I didn't all didn't
necessarily know what specific job title
I wanted what I specifically wanted to
work towards sitting over here at
September I graduate in mid-december and
my advisor is looking at me like well
what do you want to do what how are you
gonna apply for jobs and I'm like I
don't even I don't even know what jobs I
would apply for so that's why I realized
that even though I always know what
field I would be in I didn't know how
that would translate into a job when I
graduated I applied for like three jobs
here and there and when I didn't get
them I wasn't particularly sad which was
again a clue as to how much I have asked
those applications as I wasn't really
filling it right because I didn't
actually know that that's what I wanted
to do it's April you know I'm saying a
couple months has passed since I
graduated and I'm ready to start making
moves and I realize that there are two
types of people at least there might be
more there are two types of people as in
far as far as career job searching goes
people who think in terms of a ladder
and you start at the bottom and each job
each experience is a rung on that ladder
and you climb and you climb so you reach
the top and there is something a job
title a company a salary that is your
goal you're climbing the ladder to go
somewhere then there are people like me
who don't have ladders they think in
terms of checklists there are things
that I want to do they don't even have
to be an order there's no prerequisites
necessarily I don't even have to succeed
at them
there is no pinnacle of success there is
no way that I know I will have made it
I learned that about myself which was
huge that's when I realized that my
professors we're kind of right about me
much as I didn't want to admit it I have
you really come what made type of
attitude in some cases that's really
good and in some cases that's not very
helpful because what happens with a come
what may free spirit go where the wind
blows me type of attitude is that you
assume things will just happen and I
just assumed that I would get a job that
something would lead to something would
lead to something else and that
something else would end and become a
new something else and 15 years with
pass and voila I have what you call a
career some discussions that I had with
my father shout-out to dad
I don't have a focus a little bit here a
little bit there jack of all trades
master of none I need to actually make
this checklist a physical thing I need
to say it I need to write it I need to
say it to myself I need to say it to
other people
that is what Oprah would like to call
speaking things into existence you feel
me can I preach to you today so what I'm
gonna do right here right now while
you're sitting right in front of me
let's tell you the things on my
checklist this is what I want to do with
my life
I want to be a concert videographer work
with a YouTube channel a production
company making an official channel with
someone you know original programming
I'm gonna have my own travel show I want
to have my own cooking show granted
these don't have to be on television
travel to different countries and cover
the music scene video journalist working
for maybe a magazine or newspapers
online you know content I want to film a
documentary film editor I've always
wanted to be part of the creative team
behind an NBA Finals a commercial I want
to be a reporter for a news magazine I
want to write a nonfiction you know
journalistic book
right children's book I wanna be the
voice of a cartoon character okay Chris
summers cannot be the voice of every
black girl on in a cartoon okay
like can I can I get his lace I want to
make videos and interview type you know
multimedia those packages basically
about different communities in the city
that we live in for right now what I
think I can strive for is being a
videographer and being a reporter
because those two things are kind of
like one in the same these days so now
that I told you what I wanted to do with
my life I gotta ask you the same
question what I want you to do is leave
me a video response yes video response
telling me what you want to do with your
life right now we're not on how you can
work towards it we're not on that right
now this video is just to get you
thinking about what it is that you
really want what are you gonna try and
go for you know saying well figure out
how to go for it later but what is it
that you want to do you can be a
checklist person you can be a ladder
person neither one is it's wrong both
have pros and cons but just let me know
video response comment yes I like I read
comments yeah I'm Sam but there's a
certain power and sank beings out loud
even you know you're not actually in the
room with me
you don't say but me saying this out
loud I'm realizing the things that I've
been thinking about all this time that I
never really said you know I was a
mysterious I'm gonna keep that you know
free spirit you know open to many things
kind of mentality but I'm gonna try and
focus you know I'm saying I told you
what I want to do with my life you tell
me what you want to do with yours
and then we'll talk hit up the post
college life calm for the accompanying
blog post you know ask you how you're
doing like don't be mistaken you just
like me I can't just make a video and
expect
nobody could keep me in check you know
Evelyn why are you waking up at 3:00
p.m. like you should really be doing
something you know I'm saying especially
now that you know what it is that I want
to do I should be working towards it
right so you keep me in check I keep you
in check hit me up in a video response
I will approve you know I'm saying so
see you the next video
