good morning good afternoon as it is now
ten past twelve I haven't made a vlog in
a while just cuss ain't not much going
on but I decided to make one today today
is Thursday April 5th yeah so let's go
who do you all usually for breakfast or
lunch
considering what time it is look at all
this la a lot of people watching videos
or moms so please resist the urge to
tell me something like I'm your child I
was like 10 so my habits are set in
stone my habits are set in stone they're
not dead you can to make up your mind
first he said you're prophesied in their
death then he said no if you just watch
them they'll be fine and then he said
why am i photographing dead
but they're not liars we just can't
print things
oh dude the lane yeah but what was the
last time
hey okay take 45 days harvest
what do you mean harvest watts sir my
filling this
okay so we got that again cilantro basil
and red and orange peppers dead we can
resurrect need to finish combing my hair
detangling my hair because I mean it
goes Chipotle and guess who Chipotle and
my brother's been using speed if you're
watching this you've been using this for
your baby fro and I didn't realize we're
almost out
oh hey sorry sorry about the swerve off
the road Tony right there
Oh what is this
105.7 it's bumping right now
hi Chipotle I love you
my mom's ever had Chipotle before oh I'm
deep conditioning underneath us so it's
hot cuz you know it's like it's 80
degrees out here so I don't think my
mom's ever headship old lay so I said
let me go ahead and give my mom some
Chipotle
and then I got my brother some too so
yeah let's go back home I'm the only one
who thinks Tyrese can sing well I mean
he can sing I don't like his voice he's
just muscular there's a difference
between being attractive and being
physically fit it's a burrito yeah it
has rice pinto beans chicken pico de
gallo lettuce cheese sour cream do you
like it it's okay it's amazing wow
that's a lot it's the last time I was
eating Chipotle Steve is going to his
concert she prophesied that the plants
that she spent money on are gonna die
who prophesize is that you tickle your
there to dry when you're in a hurry and
you know and for black people you know
okay Ashley so you got to make sure that
you take time on the most obvious parts
like your ankles your legs your knees
your arms elbows stuff like that if you
get that all in order and you're still
in a rush and you walk out of the house
and you realize your hands are bad more
so more so like the fingers they're like
the actual palm and back right you use
chapstick and you get the cover you put
chapstick on the crevices of you up here
whatever that's called they never get
ashy for the rest of the day that's a
guarantee Wow yeah reading your first
the trick to the fighting ash in your
finger cracks
more so more so comics Carmack's would
be the best tease your fondest dream
will come true within this year I'm
gonna hold you to it
fortune and hold you to it and you know
what that means it's time to finally
take a shower cuz I'm going nowhere I'd
do it anything with my life so why take
a shower in the morning I got him a
Chipotle burrito right you know how
massive those things all right so I got
hit and that and he ate it that's now
and that's not a burrito on his hands
no the burritos in his stomach what's in
his hands now there's a 6-inch sub so
this dude just ate I think you're about
to eat like a good four pounds of food
Wow it's not how normal people eat I
don't win and here we have closing off
the night with some TCBY frozen yogurt
some frozen yogurt
cookies and cream on this side and
English toffee on that side that's it
for the vlog
say bye all those various things like
such as fit in there
