testing one two three
testing one two three testing come on
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn it's
probably a stain on my shirt somewhere
ignore it morning cat ears my hair is
hiding it there they are
but there they go again give my juice
cranberry pomegranate please get on my
level okay
so this is a requested video she axed
can I do a video on how I maintain my
weight what food I normally eat and also
any of the exercises that I do I can
definitely do that although I kind of
laughed on the inside and the outside
because I don't know when I gave off the
impression that I am in shape that I am
at the correct weight that I need to be
and then I'm just generally healthy I
don't know I don't know but I can
definitely answer those for you again to
the best of my ability I'm not a health
expert I was raised by one long was a
nurse hashtag team nurses but yeah here
I go and if you have anything to add you
feel like I missed something I'm talking
y'all new internet leave a comment below
cuz I'm sure this person would
appreciate more opinions than just mine
so let's start off with my stats
okay I'm 5 feet 8 inches um I consider
myself pear-shaped we'll get into body
shapes a little later and I don't know
my actual weight I want to say I'm
somewhere around 170 definitely not 180
probably not 160 so I'm gonna say 170
the Internet's probably doctors and
people like that probably put people in
my height at like 140 or 150
but to be 100% honest with you I think
that's way too skinny I can't mentally I
can't imagine myself being a hundred and
forty pounds that's tiny
that's real tiny um hey maybe one day
I'm at a point early 20s I'm saying
where I'm actively trying to maintain my
weight whereas when I was growing up it
was always your growing don't worry
about that but now it's like okay you're
done growing now rain it pull it back
pull it back
the saying goes it's not a saying the
rules go that losing weight is just a
numbers game you have to you know it's
like a seesaw double they can't see so
you have to to lose weight you have to
burn off more than you consume
in that same way if you burn the same
amount as you consume you would probably
maintain your weight
first of all you need to figure out what
your healthy weight is and if you want
to be that healthy way cuz hey let's be
honest some of us don't want to be the
way that some you know internet WebMD
whatever is gonna say that we have to be
oh my Wikipedia swag there are a couple
basic categories of female shapes
there's the Apple what which is triangle
downward which means you got a broad
shoulders and you go down like this
right and your fat is mainly distributed
in the abdomen the chest and face then
you have banana or straight to me that's
like a 3s or a cross-country runner you
know they're just like I'm asking
they're not curvy but you know they're
lean all there's you know it's it's not
doing the most right there right you
have a pair or a spoon or bell which is
triangle upward the hip measurement is
greater than the bust measurement that's
definitely me they tend to have
relatively larger career robust thighs
and small boobies that's me oh my gosh
then you have an hourglass shape and
west top and a bottom little little in
between you got to figure out what shape
you are to really understand what
exercises need to be done to cut off fat
wear so knowing your shape I think is
the first step in figuring out how to
maintain your weight and how to lose
weight you know things like that
did I answer your question probably not
but we'll keep it moving let's move on
to any of the exercises that I do when I
was in college I would go to the gym
sometimes and do the elliptical because
that was fun the stationary bike because
that was fun
treadmills mmm running around a track
I tried infield running outside so
everyone can see me like asphyxiating
that's that's a no-go I also took a lot
of classes Zumba stepper the stepper one
who we have one step cope teacher thing
he was doing the most I almost started
crying cuz like he was going a little
too hard in the paint all that to say
that I'm a social exerciser
on a track or outside I need to be in a
collective group of people doing the
same thing I need to be playing a sport
I played sports when I was growing up
soccer they forced me to run
cross-country so I like sports I like
things or have to be around other people
because then I feel like I'm letting
them down if I don't show up if I have a
gym subscription to a class or something
and I get to know the culture that I
mean the teacher the teacher should be
like where were you you know I need that
check from other people I have for the
past week been running but again it's
boring I didn't run yesterday because it
was boring I can only see my
neighborhood so many times hope that
answers that and lastly what food do I
normally eat
I was definitely raised on fruits and
vegetables and healthy foods kind of
like in the movies and TV shows how
little kids don't like vegetables I
never understood that like you know they
made it seem like it's just a phase all
at all kids hate vegetables and that was
really false cuz I mean if I didn't eat
vegetables I wasn't really gonna eat
that much food so uhm lots of fresh
fruit fresh vegetables I think I've
eaten white bread like four times in my
life and none of those times I was
actually around my mother so um we eat
jasmine rice or basmati rice I don't
know if that's bleached or something I
don't know mom makes some American food
she actually needs a lot of American
foods but if she makes mashed potatoes
she actually buys potatoes and mashes
them none of that powder stuff
if we make pasghetti the ground beef we
use is like the extra lean ground beef
it's like in a little package with the
plastic covering and it says extra lean
there's like regular lean and extra lean
she gets the extra lean whenever we bake
chicken she takes off all the skin first
whenever you make like stew meat
seamless to meats she cuts manually goes
in and cuts off all the fat grains there
her version of collard greens which is
different than I guess black American
collard greens again my only idea of
black American collard greens from the
movies so butter and like ham chunks um
I'm sure it's delicious
but my mom would never make that he
rarely even uses oil like grease or even
vegetable oil she rarely uses that we
don't really eat put a lot of salt on
our food a lot of hot sauce um cumin
curry thyme rosemary but not a lot of
actual salt you know 100% orange juice
please don't get it twisted I eat a lot
of fast food especially when I was in
college again cuz mom wasn't there in
college eating was a social activity
whereas here I eat I know you're
supposed to eat like five healthy meals
a day here at home by myself I eat maybe
once sometimes I forget to eat when I
was in Austin just wanna go sushi Oh
sushi want to go to Whole Foods go to
Whole Foods want to go
Chipotle go to Chipotle oh what a burger
at 2:00 a.m.
um I had what a burger the other day had
pizza the other day me and mom went to I
opted this morning so we're not like oh
you know when I come start eating but
that was al oh by the way I think we're
healthy way more than we're unhealthy so
it kind of balances out except for show
greased
it comes to maintaining weight and
living a healthy lifestyle again in my
opinion it's everything in moderation no
no your body no where you want to be and
no if that goal is accessible in the
first place people over here talking
about I'm 100 I'm five nine I want to be
hundred twenty pounds please you will
blow in the wind
some girls it's like yeah I want to be
skinny but I don't wanna lose my butt
well get skinny going with your butt
that's just if that's the way you lose
weight that's the way you lose weight so
you got a pic and you can't pick and
choose sometimes don't beat yourself up
if you eat some ice cream um I feel like
usually the safe thing to do is create
substitutes not to hold back from eating
ice cream because the next time you see
ice cream don't stuff your face so
instead switch to that Froyo you know
I'm saying do berries covered in fresh
whipped cream
it sounds delectable right now um you
know give up give some things you can
give up I can give up soda except Dr
Pepper don't be crazy dr. pepper is the
elixir of what the gods
my advice is really really mixed but
hopefully you're getting the vibe that
small start small small steps like my
dad stop drinking soda years ago he
doesn't even is it now he only drinks
water and tea like iced tea with minimal
sugar and a whole bunch of lemons you
know I'm saying you can do that as your
first step you can give up white bread
and swish it for wheat bread some of
these things are gonna be an acquired
taste if it wasn't every year style
before me white bread tastes weird
we bread tastes like a normal bread
others that might not be the case
vegetables gonna get getting used to if
you don't eat vegetables a lot
everything in moderation baby steps
don't beat yourself up know where you
are know where you want to be and if
that even makes sense in the first place
and I'll at me if you
any more advice that's it alright
questions comments advice for this young
lady that's it bye
