Oh
youtube world my friend's apartment i'm
maxeen off living single just this is
Janice Whitney k a DJ Jazzy Jeff the
hell I can't gloria in excelsis deo this
is my Franklin but yes so I just wanted
to make this big jar to tell y'all if a
block is your coffee in one singing so
go visit that um I don't know how to
promote blocks because box but you
should go to that you should read that
you should tweet that comment that and
let me know what you think cuz I got
some original posts by me and then I
have some interviews while to wendys but
I hope on anymore maybe with Michael Ali
that I know from the twitter in the next
she lives in Austin and then with is a
freelance director and one of the
biggest things on his resume is he
worked on the ass ass ass video so that
will be cool check out the blog posts
and i'll be posting their about South by
Southwest
and okay bye as I have Harriet Tubman
stop on by
