good morning MA it's noon so it's not
really morning I thought let me grab the
camera
and document my boring life blah so I
loved watching that's good oh yeah weird
anyways I love watching their daily
vlogs
it's Judy's life after husband Benji and
they're just really adorable and fun to
watch so I watched them every single day
they have a vlog every single day I love
the ones in my head other than my head
it's important to write down what you
need to do every day even if you fail
like I usually do at least you tried you
know at least you thought about it
right right YouTube no I hear - Toria
can you believe I'm doing tutorial all
right so it's Thursday
smiley face let's go pizza for breakfast
but I thought I'd balance it out with an
orange I have some sweet tea because
this the south
package it's actually for my dad but he
said I could open it because it's my
graduation photos that's me you see my
reflection in it that's cool I mean it's
not for me it's for my parents here's my
high school one I know here's my college
one Wow McCall's graduate I have the
pictures to prove it
okay so I'm using my brother's flip cam
cuz it's a lot easy to flip around flip
around flip around get it to the store
like Ross or TJ Maxx or something
because I need a camera bag I need a bag
that I can use as a camera bag because
I'm gonna buy the insert and use it that
way so that's what I need gosh you guys
I do buckle up I'm just at the stop sign
at the end of my street and no one have
released my street so I usually just sit
here taking the sights of Suburbia so
anyways that's where I'm going I'm gonna
go get gas and do various things like
such as so tasks for the day find a
camera bag
and a weakened Arab a Bouguereau
gas is $3 50 cents
I don't know if I can do this but as you
can see I have two three dollar 50
Cent's though like three dollars and
fifty cents I just alright total dollars
once again in the comments below tell me
how much a gallon of gas costs in the
city that you live it did twenty dollars
didn't even should have done twenty-five
dollars
she's done 25 doors see it see
it yeah that's not full Ross Dress for
Less
there's nothing there some goddamn
teenagers
no kind of manners but as you can see I
just left Roth's because they didn't
happen now I'm forced to go to TJ much
at least where I live
TJ Max is a lot nicer than Ross a lot
even though they're like the same thing
just a lot nicer booty if you will
so TJ Maxx they have nothing the camera
the camera bag insert that's $20 right
cuz the whole point is to save money
right to save money so if you and TJ TJ
Max and you get a bad for like $25 sure
the original price was like 75 but 20
something plus 27 for the camera bag
inside it's still 40 something dollars
that I might as well buy the actual
camera bag I am determined to be like
the girl in the video link will be in
the description box you want to see her
video and buy a cute bag that I can also
use as a camera bag so now I'm gonna
have to go to Target and see if they
have a bag this is ludicrous Ludacris
chomping on the gun
chomping on the gum Chomp on Kara been
shopping all my gun shoutouts you've
done 286 here on the YouTube Internet's
gets me works at tarjay hates it tough
that is a bright bag that's really
bright - that's right - once again my a
type stuff
but as you can see I'm not dealing with
it oh did it find out I was looking for
but I got some nail polish and some red
chilli paste my mom needed some to go
brother call you get back to me
I don't leave messages for 16 year olds
okay what oh and I woke up this morning
I couldn't talk I mean my voice is gone
yeah
and so some at school are you smoking
drugs yes I want I'm smoking drugs Oh
guys I do drugs I'm not the one who
needs an intervention it's a shopping
addiction
I'm not a dude just shopping okay that's
another story for another day
that's another story for another know
you then when my sister walks into
stores she's really weird what I don't
say anything no oh we need a touch-up
your baby for you kick that help Oh guys
I don't care about picking my throw
appropriately if anything I'd rather
have it nappy one thing I don't like
about goodwill is their music choice is
so poor and everything
to go with the old clothes some of these
are hid found a parka that was legit
that's a challenge myself huh
doesn't it I'm gonna challenge myself if
you see how many people I can record
with really - what's happening
honest-to-goodness okay I'm gonna count
them out loud and so here we go
one
like it's fun alright alright alright
skeletal crazy that's keeping it closer
three
that's five
oh I've gotten five so far and one lady
I followed like literally behind her
back and then the last guy the fifth guy
is in your clothes and I put the camera
hmm definitely got that little girl and
she sit around and she looked at me she
looked at right at the camera as I was
in group so we need to go now so I just
finished filming my hair tutorial thing
well the first part of it I have to film
the next part tomorrow when I take it
down and I had the strange feeling that
everything is going to be out of focus
but hey not my problem I'll have a fly
hairstyle tomorrow now I'm going to
since more emails watch some more videos
and it will be the end of my night so so
it's kind of a lame video but that's
part
back after college it's lame it can get
really really Pentecost my appalled by
Oh
