good morning it's 12 noon yet another
failed attempt at going to bed and time
and waking up at a decent hour I cannot
sleep so I toss and turn for hours until
like four o'clock in the morning and I
can't wake up until 12:00 I don't hear
alarms I set alarms I don't hear them so
nice my favorite mug is dirty cause I
don't feel like cleaning it
love its Joe little what I'm saying
good stuff good stuff
she's pretty
I haven't to be pretty too
I usually just check my emails which I
already did like an hour ago but you
know you get obsessive Gmail Gmail Gmail
gotcha Gmail so tune into you see social
media week February 13 today so - 2012
tonight is the event that I'm connected
to in some way meet the Afro Politan
digital media + culture in the mud
island 6:30 p.m. - 9 o'clock p.m.
Eastern Standard Time I will be tweeting
again from the society hae Twitter
account it will be live streaming from
live stream calm so just search social
media week New York and it will be live
streaming and you get to see all the
cool stuffs all right photography
installation beautiful chocolate people
there's gonna be a lot of cool people
there fashionable people as I assume
because it's New York and I'm just a
peon from Texas from the south we did it
so I just had some waffles anything I
mean real life you know I live for
waffles and I don't really like pancakes
when I was in ICU um you have to say it
with emphasis like that but as you um I
was getting homesick but not for people
I was getting homesick for waffles so I
had to search all of Copacabana
for some waffles and I found them they
were disgusting
so moral of the story just eat your
waffles from America yeah it's an ugly
day today you always asked me what the
weather in Texas is like and I always
tell them here in Texas we don't have
four seasons in a year we have four
seasons in a week so that's all right
Ollie so it was 70Â° the last week and
last night it was snowing in the town
next to us
well sleep what do we know what we're
start L agree I'm wearing my brother's
shoes look si 75 I'm gonna show you my
room because here's why Wow my room is
an absolute tragedy ever since I came
home from college I kind of just lived
on top of my stuff which results in this
nonsense believe it or not these clothes
are clean those are dirty those are
clean those are clean so got kind of a
hand but I'm about to come in room so
here's the before so before I can even
start cleaning my room my brother asked
me to pick him up from school perfect
huh right right Oh what is that what is
that you two were Texas Exes yeah ye
alum dissing is beating hi-rez nuts how
are you
you're looking lovely this afternoon
okay so before I leave I like to choose
my music so I'm gonna play my
playlist called when the man what is
that when the man tries to keep me down
school zone going so slow that you're
gonna read and not remember and you roll
man you get that associate's degree okay
take it your bathroom he asks your
masters nothing at your masters math yes
you get your doctorate you go man then
then when everybody says quite you show
them those degrees man when everyone
says hey you're not working you're not
making any money you said you look at my
degrees and you look at my life yeah I'm
you
Oh
hey little brother how you doing today
no tough I'm Steve little brother
I shot up I'll be just despise you they
cast a judgment but they barely survived
my car get out my car time to start
cleaning my room
while these wonderful strangers keep
talking
Hey
here's the after I mean as you can see I
still gotta fold those clean clothes
wash those dirty clothes wash the sheets
make my bed but I mean for the most part
isn't that an improvement
Oh what you just saw earlier yeah
look a nice I know I know you I got a
Sally it is 5:15 um which is 6:15 New
York time and as I told you before I'm
live tweeting at 6:30 New York time for
the meet a pro palette ins thingamajig
we're about to be laughs
um okay um nothing's happening
all right blogs or articles you need
tense almost be one-sided you hear
things about you know there's poverty in
Africa you know there's war conflicts
but there is a whole other set of
stories that are very you know uplifting
and speak war to the triumphs of what's
going on so media for politics is a way
to share these new perspectives and
share these stories and have these
wonderful people here with me today that
are gonna provide perspective for
everyone who's here and I'm hoping you
know when you leave here tonight some of
the excitement that we have about what's
taking place on the continent and
because of the aspera you'll share that
excitement the event is over it just
finished you can watch it again so I'll
put the link below if you're interested
in that sort of thing
we're kind of a big deal so yeah mm-hmm
dinner time what's in the sandwich as
they creep in with halitosis I didn't -
I doesn't know what are you gonna do
about it nothing go Punk Steve is
getting letters from colleges it's time
for college you're gonna move the
eastern where where is Massachusetts
dang shout-out to East Coast shout-out
to
there's polar being so were their
indigenous right I think so yummy in my
tummy you inspect my room it's clean
okay mm-hmm canyons of their team rhinos
that can yeah some with our best team
world make the world
oh you're home Michael it's very fun I
told you I didn't have Homer so I just
explained standing right there with my
eyes closed trying to remember so yeah
sure mmm-hmm I'd be student doesn't it
all work I'll believe it when I see you
graduate
obviously doesn't have homework when
it's the last two weeks of the trying
all we have is finals lesson there's
nothing left you know they have designer
piece thank you know what take a look at
this what is this sir College is not
fake college diploma now beat that Wow
slow kick don't think he can start to me
damn girl 11 o'clock at night and
winding down is the part of the night
where everyone is going to sleep cuz
they got work in school in the morning
and I'm here alone I don't know this
what I usually do towards the night I
just kind of float around on the
interwebs it's nighttime so goodnight
hit like Muhammad Ali you more like
Tatiana all this
