um are we in focus who knows but it
doesn't even really matter hi YouTube
world it's me Evelyn so today is Martin
Luther King jr. Day it's also my second
birthday of being snappy January 16
because well today is my second year
napa bursary what I really wanted to
talk about is telling on Twitter what an
Internet my wife Gabrielle Union asked
what with the civil rights movement do
you like if we had Lima to Twitter
Facebook and all that what would you
know y'all can be I mean so she's my
wife I decided to think about it it's
interesting to think about because you
know of course we always want to refer
back to the Arab Spring in North Africa
and the Middle East as the you know
revolution of social media but you know
even still a revolution is nothing about
men and women who are ready to die right
right to go like I might die today and
that's fine a revolution you know a
movement is really nothing without those
types of people so although social I
think social media is great it spreads
the word against the word out and such
what it tends to do sometimes is make
people feel like they're participating
even when they're not you know II mean
as far as sole rights movement goes and
all of that social media would be good
in getting the mainstream media to pay
attention
kind of forcing them to pay attention
granted again was a different time black
newspapers in reporting on civil rights
of course and it took a while for them
for mainstream media AKA white people
media to kind of hop on board and see
that this is an issue want to read more
about how the civil rights movement came
into the larger arena of mainstream
american media you should read race beat
I don't know who forgot but I'll put the
information somewhere in the atmosphere
around I just wanted to say um that
Martin Luther King jr. so we're right
I'm just a black girl trying to make it
in this world and you know because of
him and lots of other people both known
and unknown to the greater population
I'm able you know to walk around freely
for the most part without fear of being
killed I can welcome to a restaurant and
they'll take my money I can I can go to
UT or
look up the he-man Sweatt court case
that was at the University of Texas at
Austin um they wouldn't let good old
human sweat a black man into law school
it's just it's crazy now I can just walk
the streets of my campus freely you know
and I graduate I graduated it's crazy
what do you think would happen to civil
rights movement if social media and all
that jazz were around do you think would
be better do you think would actually
hurt the movement because now there's
all this chatter all these people who
think they're helping by clicking like
but really that's not doing much there's
people like me making videos but they're
not on the ground you know marching what
do you think about that to let me know
in the comments below yes my hair is in
mini twists and I'm wearing cat ears cuz
I can and please donate to the Africa 21
um fun thank you guys so much for what
you guys have done so far okay I'm just
y'all are amazing okay I just want to
say that y'all were amazing happy MLK Jr
day and
