i was tagged by poking at six feet
Hollett sugar is to get your freak on
side what's the nickname only your
family cause you I'm named after my
grandmother which is my father's mother
so everybody in my family not on a
consistent basis but they're the only
ones would ever have any reason to call
me ma or mama or mom you know like
because like I'm the little version of
her mama you know coming up you know
they're mean like little mama cuz I'm
like namesake oh mama also weird habit
of yours food that you're supposed to
eat like in your hands in my can take a
bite pizza burgers sandwiches things
like that I ripped them like I use so
many napkins because like a piece of
pizza even when people eat it like this
no I rip it starting up the corner it
gets hit and I ripped running from the
crust and I just I eat my food in ribs
and then I saw on like some discovery
channel TLC special that that's a
characteristic of inner exits and I was
like no you know I'm saying I just like
to touch my food in pieces it's like
getting all the correct things on a fork
you know you want to get that perfect
bite I gotta get that perfect rip of
pizza with up with all the toppings on
that one quick also to fall asleep I
have to rub my legs together like I'm
trying to start a fire with my ass or
something like a cricket you know like I
have to rub them together to fall asleep
in a repetitive motion it that's just
what I have to do weird phobias people
in like costumes like animal costumes
might at Six Flags somebody dressed the
best scooby-doo get out of my face not
only will I
that just slap the headpiece off don't
even try to touch me and then it's like
they feed off the fact that I'm
physically terrified of you oh come on
take a picture would scooby new I'm like
no student you you can go fall off a
bridge he posted and then unlike college
campuses they use them as like
promotional tools so like the Carter is
that what is Carter blood care and the
drive of a blood drive and so they'll
have somebody walking around as a big
drop of blood but excuse me sir not only
am I not going to give my blood i'm
going to tip the truck over so you can't
use any of that blood I'm so angry huh
you can drop of blood and has like a
permanent smile own space happy blood
uh-huh song i secretly love to belt out
there's nothing that i've seen by myself
because my guilty pleasures are very
public lil b if you don't know please
youtube it it's just that it's a mindset
the lack thereof hipster girls shake
your ass hipster girls shake your ass
hipster girls shake your ass hipster
girls shake your ass there's the girls
shake your ass hipster girls set your
ass hipster girls I'll shake your ass
hipster girls set your ass hey girl
you're mighty fine let me make you all
mine you look like your hipster oh my
god do you have a system oh my god do
you read the favor set your ass thank
you later one of my biggest
we just shorten to worry instead of
saying vacation you save bake a it's a
vacay I don't know what to make a is
instead of session some sesh so to chill
sesh let's um um I don't know what
concessions people have looked on 10 /
want you fresh us fresh us just finish
the wine just finish the word nervous
habits I but I guess I'm nervous habit I
have is cracking my knuckles as if that
saves time as if I could stall by
cracking all of my choice to drink 56
use all of them and get around to round
to crack the risk crack the risk my
ankles all right from people cock your
elbow turn around crap that bad crack
that bad I don't crack my neck because
I'm secretly scared of like paralyzing
myself and I'm not about to go out like
that I'm not about that's not very
gangster way to get paralyzed what side
of the bed do you sleep on you're
assuming someone has a bed that's be
enough to have sides as you can see oh I
got one side on the better off the bed
but oh my bed at home and nany house if
my bed is against the wall I'm on the
side furthest from the wall that sense
first up animal she is a rabbit yes is
present tense she is still alive kicking
it in my room in North Texas her name is
Lisa all right I think I got when I was
I wanna say four or five as a present as
a sympathy present when my brother when
my mom was a pregnant with my brother
you know sympathy presence oh my god and
in child is coming everyone's going to
forget about you let's give you a gift
to make you forget it was also Easter
and my brother was born july so this was
around the time when we're having baby
showers and whatnot I love Lisa I love
her so much that I didn't bring my
college because I wish would spill
alcohol salsa whatever college kids have
in their possession I wish somebody
would suppose oh you're done you're done
Peg's the baby she went with me
everywhere she's an amputee cheating
survivor she's missing her her left leg
I'm drew eyebrows on her in blue marker
sexy floppy ears um this and I would
look right twist them I'll put a high
bun with a bow and then I'd be like
Moses I'm sorry I just tied your ears up
into a hottie bug but yeah I love how
I'm spending the most amount of time
talking about renting so let's move on
what's the joint you always order at
starbucks
beauty will you preach would never
practice which way do I face in the
shower this has caused the most
conjurer's people want to make it seem
like I'm crazy I'm face for the majority
of my shower I'm facing away from the
water place the water right doesn't
everybody makes me want to know seen
step in the shower you're facing water
you want to get one gateway and you turn
around to the back of your soft wet up
then while your back is to the water is
to you apply it soaks your loop on it
can begin to score up your body and
create a lather with the moisture that's
Harvey on your body until your entire
body is soaking then you turn around and
rinse and while you're rinsing your
scrubbing again kind of like a second
round you're not insane because here's
the thing if you're facing the water the
the soap is washing off just as fast as
you're putting it on which makes no
sense to me it's like scrub wash scrub
wash like what's the point I don't know
and then some people say well Evelyn
just step back from the water if you
don't want to get wet while you're
lathering is all once again you are
making the assumption just like you
assumed my bed was big enough you also
assume that the shower i have is also a
bathtub or you assume that the shower is
made to just walk around hey what's up
what's up breakdance have a cup of tea
non saying like seven people can fit in
here some people have the shower works
like that black screen door in just a
box where you baby
step inside and you bathe yourself
you're the same to the point where if I
turn around he was the back of the
shower I'm facing the bath water back of
the shower see I'm saying so I don't I
face away from the water let me do me
all right let me do me this is my
lifestyle do I have any weird body
skills I've Hitchhiker's thumb we learn
about this in like biology class
genetics when your thumb bend all the
way back and actually it does not be
trying to bend my mom back this is my
thumbs up people's thumbs up like this
to me my fingers if you said this is
number one this is what I feel like I'm
doing tonight it is you like my thumb my
fingers not extended so I've said they
may comfort food bad food than I love
waffles is my syrup butter chocolate
soft jelly whatever ice cream it doesn't
matter
phrase or exclamation I always say you
know what I mean I'm paying time to
sleep what are you actually waiting for
people in this world who don't have cult
or daily life let alone a special set of
clothes with which to sleep in I feel
like pajamas are the most disrespectful
piece of helping ever now in my day I've
had a Barbie nightgown christmas-themed
Matt young and I'm the seven areas box
of pajama pants in junior high when it
people used to wear pajamas to school
yes yes but never actually I don't
believe in pajamas you know for the most
part and either completely naked
employment varying degrees of nakedness
I'm never fully clothed because I don't
believe it so I'm either naked or in my
undergarments for my underwear and
t-shirt I just never both that's a
little excessive Beyonce
please please respond so I don't get
crazy
