reminds me notice is going to be in
Austin in November frequent fan fan fest
and everything wants to see him in Cosby
because the last time I saw him I was
filming it's covering the concert for a
website okay you take in the world
differently when you're supposed to be
capturing it on film for other people
you know what I'm saying so needless to
say my footage suffered greatly because
I was just like oh thrashing thrashing
thrashing thrashing I want to be able to
go and enjoy the music without having to
produce a product at the end you don't
mean problem tickets cuz the festival is
like three days of smooth people Public
Enemy like his three you know the same
like hip-hop history tickets are about
fifty five dollars that's a probably
actually it's not that big of a problem
I'm very irresponsible with my money
when it comes to stuff like that I like
to pretend that I'd be frugal so I like
think about spending money a lot even
though I know full well I'm gonna
actually spend the money but yeah I'm
stalling on buying those tickets I
started so much that I missed the
student discount the student this kind
of would have been like hundred
twenty-five hundred thirty-five
announced a hundred fifty five plus fees
so your girl is slacking in the game all
right
oh my last vlog um shout out to all of
you with big boobs and dimples like just
like I don't know to say I was really
really disgusting in that video by the
way right I'm sunburned you can't tell
but I'm just appealing everywhere it's
disgusting
one thing that sucks I don't know this
is all black people but this is people
in my family so I don't know like my
family's pretty like me and my mama
chocolate and my dad and my brother are
a little lighter than chocolate you know
I'm saying they are the inside of a Twix
they are the chewy nougat if you will
okay um and so when we like go to the
beach or something we don't get burnt
like ouch I'm burning it's more like you
wake up the next day and you like why's
my skin falling off
that's me what it is I was like I almost
would prefer to to feel burning so that
you know to stop being outside you know
cuz you know I was outside all that last
weekend for Austin City Limits and so I
just wake up several days later and up
like what is all this you know I'm
saying like and it's my nose you can't
tell my nose like a different color
right here cuz my glasses are that so my
nose a different color maybe you can't
tell you kind of can but yeah anyways
where would that come from I don't know
but stay with me stay with me but I'm
feeling myself today
a week later I'm filming myself I'm
gonna do a quick outfit of today but if
you will watch a lot of fashion and
makeup videos but as you know fashion
and makeup is not my strong suit
so here we go open up the day we're in
this black cardigan with pockets and
another
became fun this shirts from Urban
Outfitters with polka-dots that's
painted green BAM
over the back with that go better work
but a work car all right I'm bottom I'm
wearing these denim shorts blue jean and
is this a nice you know belt loop
detailing or whatever friend he telling
jeans usually have my hair it smell
great out with a skinny black headband
and for shoes I'm wearing these
aquamarine seafoam green shoes that are
name-brand
and over here I have the same earrings
at almost where for makeup I have
eyeliner and that's it and this old does
degrade out burnt sugar popping the
other day I was sick and I was just not
in the mood for life and of course that
would be the day where they have fire
inspections in housekeeping comes to
your room knock-knock-knock and they
have to see if you're hanging crap from
them sprinklers or if you just have
illegal things like it allowed to have
toasters and whatnot just ignore it by
the way yeah so they knock on the door
and first of all I'm making it second of
all my hair is a mess and I'm trying to
save weight but they start opening the
door because they actually threw some
voodoo they actually have a key you know
I'm saying and so they start with me the
door I'm like dude I said wait so
anyways I answer the door my braids out
is like like this you know I'm saying
you see this action going on this is
what I want this what it's doing and I'm
happy dress I just come in I don't even
care who are you I'm going to kill you
right okay I'm not that violent but and
so I mean the housekeeping ladies
Dennis Peck okay and I always hate it
when people say I'm not trying to be
racist because how is it racist that
they're Hispanic do they or makes a call
okay so um they come in I'm like hey I
try to be mean because not their fault
it had to do this inspection my long
stick and my punch people in the face
right so they come
there's tell me what they're doing a
little bit sparge in here and and I keep
my room very hot I guess I don't put the
air conditioner on because the
definition is provided by my bed mix lot
of noise and I don't want to freeze
right so I usually keep it hot and I use
the air conditioner as like a instead of
a preventative measure I use it after
the fact
so anyways they're in my room and
there's me a Spanish to each other and I
can understand a little bit of what
they're say when a lady says like damn
it's hot in here and I'm like she wasn't
that just comment on the temperature of
my room to my face but not to me right
so I try to look at her in reply in
English yeah I don't really like using
this air conditioner and they just stare
at me like no Texas don't pick up pick
up a little song song like a love song
so anyways I don't know what this word
was for I just thought I would share
have you ever had someone just staring
what way too much like you almost want
to walk over there and be like can I
help you like is there something on my
face is there something you want to say
to me um you know did I drop something
is there a booger on this area you know
what I mean like do I look that weird
good thing about yourself like oh my god
I got that oh my gosh I hear that crazy
like oh my god how does I gotta bring up
my friends just you know I always go and
do it one quick one quick and it's that
turn around and look you know it's not
like she's in front of me and it's like
glance glance glance it's that turned my
head turn my head turn my head that's
what you know like wait eat your fire
sir how could it be so fun
why I can be so fun
I should probably eat that Apple I found
on the floor in my last video but it'll
just stay there for now
um that's okay I'm gonna go
