Hey - bro
do you ever have days where you just
feel so disgusting like no I'm not on my
womanly flow okay but you know you just
wake up and you're like what is this
what is this what is this what's this
what is this what is this like what is
this I mean all night to never have
those days you just like do I like my
face right now but my hair just wasn't
it was a falling ride wasn't doing the
right things and I was just like I'm so
ugly and I just want to punch Wow the
mirror in the face and and I thought you
know Kim feels like this and sometimes I
wonder what makes us - that is the same
fate I had a same face I had last week
nothing changed you know I'm saying but
you're regardless I know so that's my
favorite not yes the glasses just popped
on um you just feel like crap
no it's like you don't want to go out
into the world because like when you
feel ugly you look ugly even though your
face is technically still aside because
it's like okay any subtype of that you
know like you you put out an energy that
says back up because I'm gross you know
and um next thought wouldn't be awesome
if I had dimples gosh I really believe
people who have a dimples who own the
world
it's kind of like girls with big boobs
you are very like should we look they're
games they don't know the power of their
own breasteses they don't know they
don't know and us here with younger ones
like we see that mr jealous I'm just to
let you know that you have a certain
level of power that I do not possess
right miss the same thing with
got dimples okay just call me out my
name and it's like but you never do so
you must be kidding right
all right are you actually mad at me
right now I don't believe because your
face is Walden now you know saying I
believe had dimples if I could
genetically manufacture my child I don't
care about skin color hair texture
height weight none of that
just getting dibbles God so I saw Kanye
West in concert you know of course at
the end the veteran of the show who was
like this the song the show and all
shows are always dedicated to one person
one person alone and then he st. a mama
and I try not to cry because oh my gosh
r.i.p dr. list
this is how my mind boobs my mind moved
in this way so Kanye West
hey mama I mean about my mom you don't
think about what kind of mom crying good
day make it was in stores right might be
like my own mother will I be different
will I be more strip club you restrict
why do I do like wolud you know if you
like people huh think I'll let my kid
paint on the walls and stuff and they'll
eat gluten-free pancakes what huh
but I don't know yeah
it's good I actually don't know what is
you wouldn't be organic ironic video was
a cornucopia of things there's an apple
on my floor a whole apple I really want
to go find somebody to socialize with
but I have so much hunger to me but I
thrive off of being around people it's
really about so s the blood crap I just
want to make this video can sometimes
seeing somebody else say they feel like
crap makes the baggage until I grab not
as - crappy you hope that's what I just
did cake alright quickly ask video
question vehicle coming out
