hey it's a world it's me Evelyn live
from my closet my cuz it is huge okay
but um this is going to be a follow-up
product review for shame moistures uh
organic coconut and hibiscus curl
enhancing smoothie let's go I'm going to
put a link on the circle of Brazil's
flag leaking back to my first review of
shame moisture I reviewed these two
products but I actually need this a
little better than I reviewed because I
tend to gravitate toward lotion type um
things instead like rain things so for
me it's either a hair lotion or I just
use oils so using other creams kind of
weird for me side note if you don't
drink this I don't know what you're
doing with your life oh and number two
tell me you guys purchased the uyen
handmade burnt sugar pomade this back on
a smug burnt sugar it's gonna smell like
freaking juices and berries please tell
me you were like me and hopped up home
oh I will be so excited to get my
package in the mail wasn't even planning
on buying know coming here product but
when you say something like our sugar
pot may go starts or like you some
berries in this limited edition I'll be
on time for that and number three on the
previous Shea Moisture review how come
nobody told me I talk with my hands so
viciously I thought we were friends so
I'm going to try in put my hands behind
my back and not just speculate that were
to ferociously that's okay
it smells like I say pina colada coconut
pineapple some tropical but sometimes it
smells like black girl hair product you
know I think somebody in the lab just
put a whole bunch of sense and named it
black girl hair smell you know do you
know what I mean so I mean it smells
good but after a while if you keep
reusing interview isn't even you never
co wash if you're in for shampoo your
hair you're gonna walk around smell my
blood girl here which is fine because I
am a black girl and i have here but i
would rather smell like coconuts then
black girl hey it's kind of like cake i
sing but you can tell it's kind of wet
you can see the oil in the glycerin
district is rude there is no listen why
does it look all shiny anyways it looks
shiny um there's vegetable glycerin
that's why it looks kind of shiny and
oily yeah here is mine basic review hate
it on wet hair hate it on wet hair I've
been using this product for months you
know I got this a while ago and I've
been consistently using it and every
time I use it on freshly washed hair and
I use it on wet hair it's like you know
I'm saying like mm-hmm and I always have
to think Evelyn why do you still use
this stuff and then the next day my hair
is dry and my hair is juicing fluffy and
amazing like I said in the last week so
the results are there the result is soft
touchable juicy fluffy
afro here no but um going on it's not
cute even with the leave-in conditioner
it's just not I'd like squish it in to
really make it going I love it on dry
hair um last night so I had applied this
on wet hair it was gross my hair didn't
dry all the way for some reason and I
woke up the next morning and my hair
formed more of a puff then I did a twist
out it was just like a big puff which I
mean it's right but that's not really
what I was going for so last night I
read twisted my hair with just this
didn't spread anything nothing didn't
hop in the shower I just use this and
time and time again I'm finding out that
this product is amazing on dry hair
unlike on wet hair my dry hair soaks
this up in my hair juicy moisturize soft
not greasy and there's no air you know
no like scraping of my hair whenever I
use the side right here so that's
basically my product review like the
last video said those these two products
are bomb what I repurchase this not
really because this doesn't do anything
that this can do but it's just I guess a
different form I guess but um yeah we'll
continue to use it I'll finish it and I
will enjoy it because I spend money on
any questions I'll i have me uh yeah
