all right already here are the winning
numbers good luck prize package number
one win number was 43 only one person
guess the correct number there man days
me one men days me one you win a prize
package number one congratulations all
right nice package number two the
winning number was 92 and nobody guess
92 so I said Evelyn who guess 91 one
person guess 91 this person right here
and I said who gets 93 one person gets
like three just person you right here so
now I have two people who are equally
close to the winning number right so I
will throw you guys and random.org to
people and
a winner of price action pursue is fail
this person right here congratulations
you and prospectors number two but the
third person don't stop watching this
video I feel bad because that's a really
awkward situation um so I will try my
hardest to find something worthwhile to
send to you wherever you are it's all
sense of emails bag you know me but I
really want you to have something
because you were just as close let me
say that I'm talking to chroma calm
there's been some like complications
with the gift card like the cart in
pearl mart or something so right now
we're talking about the best way to get
these to you in its I'm the inner and it
might have to be the concept of a gift
card without actually having to use a
gift card um but the end money amount
will be the same alright so I'm fight
for you all right um yeah just thought
I'd get that out there um I haven't been
able to make a video telling you about
this because as you can see I've moved
and in my dorm room okay so i have not
been able to make a video but that's
what's going on we're trying to figure
out a good way to do this a good fair
way to do this when they're really
flexible so it should not be a problem
but i would definitely tell you
personally as soon as I check their
congratulations to the winners remember
person number three I'll be in touch
with you to let you know what I find but
I could do alright so once again thanks
everybody for subscribing where they're
from the US or elsewhere um I feel the
love i love the love you don't want to
give some love back i'll see you guys
later
you
