hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn the
other day on Instagram I asked my
internet cousins for some video ideas
video suggestions topics things you want
me to discuss cuz you know I was feeling
a tinge a bit dehydrated and y'all came
through I appreciate you this question
stuck out to me and lady fright 11 asked
hey lady fray 11 how do I keep myself
from caring what other people think
about me my immediate reaction upon
seeing that question
all I care whether we realize it or not
we all have an image that we're trying
to push out into the world it can be
what we say how we speak how we act help
me walk the things we wear and when
people misinterpret that image that
we're putting out into the world it can
kill the hashtag frustrating now I know
this question probably meant how do you
stop caring what other people think when
it comes to like haters they're people
not supporting you or seeing your vision
you feel me but what came to my mind was
how I hate when people misinterpret my
personality I hate being called shy now
you might be like Evelyn shy who what
where when why how you know I consider
myself to be observant I genuinely enjoy
listening to other people speak now
whether I remember what people say is
another skill entirely that I don't
possess but I remember when I was in
high school and I told my aunt about how
I plan on going to college for
journalism and she looked at me and she
said wow I never could have pictured you
doing that that going out and
interviewing people because you're so
shy and it really peeved me because I'm
not shy I'm just quiet sometimes or
maybe you're just very loud obnoxious or
maybe you're very boring vapid what dry
I'm inspiring giving me nothing
she shy is being afraid it's being
anxious
it's that piglet from Winnie the Pooh
energy it's that shine Ronnie from SNL
energy quiet is choosing your words
wisely waiting for the optimum moment
why are you does Dana the scene with a
gasoline okay well I will admit I'm
quiet okay Jenna don't shave me for my
silence though your conversation is
likely not awakening anything within my
spirit and I have nothing to add my
voice is a gift and you probably haven't
earned it hmm and also I will not talk
over anyone you do not fight your
spotlight I make videos on the internet
okay
by myself in a room alone talking to a
camera alone know what I'm serving
people is me this is a retelling of
myself I am performing myself you know
how like in movies there are celebrity
cameos and it's like Michael Jackson
plays himself I'm not saying I'm the
King of Pop I'm just saying that this is
how I talked to myself in my head if
you're my friend in real life this is
how I tell stories this is how I get
when I'm hype about stuff that doesn't
mean you'll find me walking down the
street or at a party where I know nobody
or in the line at the post office just
gesturing wildly and doing an impromptu
smack yo lip if I just met you and you
happen to know more about me but I know
about you just remember that this energy
it's my bear yet okay give the kid some
time introduce yourself what's your name
pleased to make your acquaintance shy is
not the same as quiet and shy is also
not the same as introverted you're not
gonna give me social anxiety okay I do
not claim back amen
that is a real affliction I rebuke being
shy and
anxious is not the same as being
introverted I just get my energy from
being alone sure I get my energy from
being alone but I also love making a
group of people laugh yes I am generally
a very private person yet I extrapolate
certain things from my life and share
them via video on the internet I have
lots of talents that I do not share on
cue because I also ain't being told what
to do even if I want to do it you're not
gonna get me to dance okay yeah now go
yeah that's not what I do it is good to
hear other people's experience of you
you know so that you know what you're
giving people and if you agree with it
or not
you know I do care what people think I
don't want people to think that I'm
scared or nervous when I'm not I do care
that someone's notions whether they're
preconceived or from talking to me I do
care that those notions don't match my
reality anyway I went to college and
lived my best
totally not shy life okay this is a
photo of me at a party home I was
probably 9 18 19 maybe in this photo I
am standing on somebody's couch um
hidden the what is that the the Franky
the the Ricky Bobby the the flex what is
that it is Texas in the year was 2009
after all so does that look like a shy
shy girl to you
auntie no so stop it shout-out to
audible for sponsoring today's video
they've been a fan of my little crevice
of the Internet's for some time now and
I'm glad that I get to talk about books
at the end of my
instead of like detox teas audible has
the largest selection of audiobooks they
got like audio fitness programs now and
now they have audible originals which
are exclusive titles so you can only
find them on audible that come from a
wide range of diverse storytellers
they got plays okay guess y'all Tony
award-winning self on they've got this
comedy show that's completely improvised
which is what I've been listen to and
they also cut a little something for us
for Sheryl in accounting I see you okay
get your stories you can listen to your
stories now I'm not going to get your
first audiobook free with a 30-day trial
membership visit audible.com slash
Evelyn or text Evelyn to five hundred
five hundred members get one audiobook
plus two audible originals per month now
I will start listening to bad reception
which is a thirteen act comedy featuring
over 40 comedians that is completely
improvised as in created on the spot
sounds like is gonna be hilarious and
would it surprise you to know that I was
in theater okay and did improv in high
school does that sound like a shy shy
girl I usually listen to those audio
books while I'm doing chores or stuck in
traffic so to get started on your free
30-day trial membership and get your
free audio book visit audible.com slash
Evelyn or text Evelyn - 500 500 in the
comments below let me know if you care
what other people think about you
what are some misconceptions people have
about you let me know in the comments or
are you one of those like bad girls club
I didn't come to make friends type
people
I'll see you on the United
