it's not submitted off mom
this is a combo proud of you got this
for you a couple months ago at the same
time as I got yeah yes the cucumbers
from a giveaway sponsored by here in
Liberty and college girl news blog
spot.com now call fabulous and fool
because she graduated from college
Congrats anyways I use this product as a
leave-in conditioner a co-wash condition
a condition that i detangle with a deep
conditioner okay boys as a ribbon
conditioner Phil it's too big it's too
too much see don't get there so it's
kind of like it's kind of like ranch
dressing
I hear felt waxy like I have put crayons
over it I really don't know what that
means but that's the first thing that
came to my mind
yeah I felt waxy encoded as a rinse out
conditioner both for co washing and
detangling it was it was pretty good it
was I know I'm saying it had some nice
lip it was good enough pretty tank I
will say that it didn't in the comb ran
through my hair I have certainly no
problems as far as the teen levels now
as a co-wash conditioner when I went to
turn skills out my hair didn't feel in a
softer any more you know then it was
before hand you know and that's the
whole purpose of putting all this crap
in your hair that you want your hair to
feel different
you know softer more manageable except
it's so although it had it's great slip
feels good going on feels good in the
child though once you rinse it out it's
not that my hair feels bad words
it just feels the same which defeats the
purpose the main problem that I had with
this conditioner is that it smells
horrible
it smells disgusting it smells like old
baby for me
smells elderly ok this most rate of
Murder She Wrote and knockoff Dollar
General a little bit Taylor musk is what
it smells like
I'm not a thing I am NOT okay I picked
the bullet is the phrase I used over
half of this products it's like down to
here so I just I struggle it was a
struggle as far as ratings go I'll go
ahead and give it 3 out of 5 and little
tugs and that's being generous because
it's stakes okay this product is vamp
that much money got it when it was on
sale so I got four okay I got soon of
the original honey Simmons I got one
Coco manual and a one rich almond I kept
three for myself and gave one to my
mother I have finished a complete bottle
okay this will not be if you want how it
works as a hair product because I'm not
interested in using it as a shampoo at
all as a body wash it's very silky you
know it's not it's not looking like
castile soap but it's not as rich I was
like a developer soap dove body wash the
main thing I had to say about this
product is that I had to use so much but
I went through one bottle it was such a
short amount of time use one bottle in
like two weeks
that's at the price that said that's not
really acceptable that's my mom what she
got it she feels interesting cuz she's
at the same thing I will not use that
part of him like five days like I have
to do so much and that's because it just
doesn't remains this lather as well I
don't know purpose or what but so yeah I
don't think I will be maker if you move
it because you know using like 1/3 cup
of the product every time you take a
shower
it is not very cost-efficient we won't
say the sense it smells earthy kind of
fortune abou but then you get mustard
really fast the honey smells you know
kind of like honey but more like the
powdery but not too baby but ok it's
good it's spotless
it leaves milk scent on the skin a Coco
mangoes there's a couple min ago and
there were chomping smells opponent with
some funny stuff in there you know but
tomorrow I'd give you two out of five
afro puffs no I didn't use one my hair
will still use that rating system I got
this way back in the day when I bought
mine handmade funk butter for my hair it
was a no-go because of this too thick it
doesn't melt enough if that makes sense
it it's the consistency and texture of
cake icing that's in the fridge
no like butter or margarine when it's in
the fridge and it's like no cold so if
we try and spread it on your bread and
like works up the bread you know saying
guys the consistency if it doesn't
there's a golf player so I felt like I
couldn't get it into my hair so I gave
up on music here a long time ago but I
do use it on this and let me tell you
something
brothers and sisters I truly believe
this is magical this shoes I have it you
know I have had a legitimate breakout in
years but I do have random rough patches
and I'm saying I get random just random
irritations everywhere and can I tell
you that I put some of this on there and
the rash disappears I was raised like my
childhood was full of dermatologists
using steroid creams prescription and he
turned me that a shake and a love rich
cream can cheer me I'm being so serious
here people I'm being so serious get
mosquito bite Elena's human emotion was
it called Kip oh my stomach that
convinced that I guess you would put had
a random rash on my shoulders just out
of nowhere bumps it was like bad cuz it
would it was gone
okay a huge news lady
yes and amen seven out of five after
pops enjoyed house review I'm tired of
talking in the apartment active
listening
