I'm eating a waffle
ruffles up and calm down
well I'm still flustered from my
previous video it means think you know
about what I did to try and correct it
the tables this time a couple with a
disaster product I've been using this
one time which I'll review at a later
date but I mean he's an infant a month
now a collective months aside grades at
the middle but it just didn't work out
the way that I did it so I had to start
over you know I'm just having fun you
can just feel like a prize is just it
sucks so you got a Rico washing so you
think
products that are bad Protestant League
ad for your hair no no but in quotations
items not rude who they really are but
you'd be looked down upon in the natural
do to community because I realized that
the natural hair community in the
natural YouTube community are two
totally different things
shout out to the people I just want to
ask what are some products and practices
that are usually frowned upon but they
just work they just there's no competing
with the conditioner I loved articles
puppies in conditioner
yes I love just the cucumbers have
invited once I finished they have
repurchased it but I do always
repurchase but I get in big sizes what I
use I get my trusted tried and true
indeed and silicone ridden conditioners
exhibit a
like it's Alex getting those temples and
that's just our just I got ride for the
Johnny okay there may be something for
you is leave-in conditioners you don't
buy into the whole keep me close not
today you just use your rinse out
conditioner as a as a practice that is
brown fine some people sleep with
bandanas nuts looks and scarves and the
everything's fine
you know yeah so you know better in
actual movie Naturals
kind of movie natural those are three
starters you know first-timers to show
them so whatever you want it to be
although I do have suggestions you know
that they could take the place of a good
one hunch for some organic extra virgin
coconut oil you know but for you you
might be like nah I'm just use my
Tresemme naturals that's money that's
good you know so and let me get back to
this
