YouTube world it's me Evelyn
all right I'm pissed I need to like
gather my thoughts got my emotions that
let them get the better of me
some angry all right I'm pretty curious
with my hair okay
it sucks cuz I was on this happy nappy
plan you know I'm saying since like
junior debut area whenever it was being
gone well you know what I'm saying baby
things out I had a team I was just
chillin on it I wasn't caring about my
hair I was caring for my year but I
wasn't hearing about all right but then
but then now here wanna be on some
disrespect type stuff I get every
singles are regular part but being
natural
and I understand suit world but I think
you have my tangles abused for normal I
think you're not recognized to videos
and the what nuts and oh my gosh a
single strand knots very not sorry not
trying to be disrespectful but but I
think I'll ferry not I think of
something pleasant it is called a very
okay
I think of Tinkerbell flying around your
afro nodding up your hair gets downs and
delightful's and plushies I've also
heard people sending tanks getting
tangled which that's ass disrespectful I
don't even know possible I've heard
those true side kind of Tanglers wrap
themselves around the middle of a hair
shop so that you have a whole bunch of
hairs like this and wrapped around it
like a bow on a present is another piece
of hair to the point where the only way
you can you get rid of the tanker is
either separated so much that you can
see that circular piece of hair and shot
in between and hopefully it separates or
you just cut your chocolate and I don't
even feed y'all really realizing the
words that I was saying
Android's that's the most disheartening
self-esteem
lo3 ting I have ever experienced
you should be a category of tangles this
is a leaf with tank my team will
straight up criminal all right it's on
some 25 to life type stuff it's on some
no parole type stuff there as you know
some delinquent ones juvenile detention
this is a criminal table
smiling my own business I'm saying and
all of a sudden my hair wants to tangle
in several places and I stood up each
other understanding me open the don't
I'm sorry I met a mate you know maybe
the situation so I'm like talking with
my hands cuz I can these are pieces
these represent pieces of my hair
attached to my head okay and we are
these they have no tangles in them not
at the root not at the ends but what
happens
oh alright now if you can see what I've
done here I've wrapped off an entire
piece of strand of hair around this
chunk of hair so now there is a knot
smack dab in the muff middle of my hair
chunk now look at this how are you
supposed to untangle that so scissors
alright
either you search in between for where
you can cut it in the middle and hope
and hope that you're not cutting means
that you're cutting that piece of hair
that's around that's one option you can
just cry
and shop alright and now you have a top
up here on your head
and that my friends is why I'm faced
with juncture so this video was just
your rants and to ask have you dealt
with a tangle like this at angle so
diabolical there's no such thing a
search-and-destroy the South says it has
already destroyed me what am i searching
it's not again
forty bucks you know if my tangles wanna
tangle I'm gonna just make continued
these I have control over the pattern
