I use number one a number 1 to 50 X
number two and number 51 to 100 Drago
all right all rights here are the
numbers
you get it say hello to my busted face
ok let's go determine the winners right
now here is a list of everybody who
correctly guessed at number 39 for prize
package number one that's everybody
congrats i think it was ten nine people
nine or ten people okay and then here is
Alyssa everybody who cooked correctly
guessed 86 for prize package number two
was only three people um let's go to
random.org okay prize package price
package number one in random.org let's
go can you see this it's gonna be blurry
but uh I'll interpret all right so these
are all the names one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten and
randomized blau number one is that the
boomerang curls in case you could not
see so number one randomly selected out
of ten names boooring curls you are a
winner of package prize package
congratulations okay prize package
number two let me go ahead and enter in
ya'lls names so you guys get my face
while I do that
Oh windows man and this person okay you
can't see that but those are the three
names and randomized mmm about duck
Duchess twinkle you are the winner of
prize package number two all right so
congrats to the winners congratulations
to everybody congratulations sorry it's
early thanks to everybody who entered
the contest we had about like 500-600
common something like that and over
1,500 years on the video so coldians us
subscribers shoutouts to you alright so
Duchess twinkle and boomerang curls if
you could email me at everything for
Evelyn @ gmail.com and email me your
information your address and everything
and your name and i will send those out
to you as soon as possible please do it
quickly because i leave the country on
saturday alright so bye congrat
