hello I'm back um the second question
was to give my opinion about and compare
the standards of beauty as it relates to
hair and skin and all that um here in
the US with the standards with beauty in
Kenya my opinion will be formed by
several things one the last time I was
in Kenya I was not the same place
mentally maturity level and emotionally
in all 14 so the standard where I was in
terms of my self-image is very different
than where I am the - I was born and
raised in America so I can't speak as
knowledgeably um on Kenya as I can all
America everybody knows a standard
beauty in America is messed up
just like it's pretty much messed up I
assume everywhere light-skinned say
dark-skinned said and yes I know skin
said is not a word controversy but you
know I'm saying my mom's chocolate and
my dad is no not chocolate Chris today
he's I don't know I don't know put food
flavors on skin color it's really
trivial standard of beauty here you know
long hair this goes for everybody you
know what I'm saying everybody nobody is
perfect everybody is getting a message
telling them to be the opposite of what
they are you know I'm saying if you're
white chicken you're pale no I'm saying
you got that pristine porcelain skin
everybody's going to be tan you don't
say
if you're dark-skinned - everybody's
going to be light skinned and if
you have natural hair here exotic you're
a hobo slash bohemian if you have curly
hair but also we have straight hair
if you
our straight hair but it's not long you
know I'm saying people don't standard
beauty is that short hair is not really
attractive on girls you know I'm saying
everybody wants to say you know guys
like to rub their hands their stuff
whatever okay you know you've got to be
skinny
or should I say skin T skin T is less
than skinny
okay I'm saying understand yet people
want you to be skin T yet if you're on
the black side you can let you know
relaxing aside people want you to do
this you know but still be skin T it
doesn't really make sense so standard of
beauty is such that you are always and
perpetually forever to eternity infinity
and beyond confused all right all right
now in Kenya what's funny is if I go to
Kenya I one of two things will happen
probably both will happen at the same
time I will either be held high on some
sort of pedestal because I'm from
America or people will hate on me
because I'm from America if you are the
American side of your family yeah
whereupon you go to your mother country
you know what I'm talking about you have
cousins that have friends and they'd be
looking at you like a fine girl you're
not saying a fine kid looking good and
you look you look really busted I guess
I don't know I don't know what it is you
know saying I could go like this and the
girls might hate on me but this might be
like what but then I would I can
guarantee you I would get so many
numbers in these goggles his hat and
this this getup
you saying I am a Kapoor a Kapoor in
Kenya
it would be easier for me to be cool
that's what I'm trying to say what I'm
trying to say is in America I think I
would struggle to be cool you know I
don't consider myself to be cool at all
popular what you know I'm saying riving
am I even in the black community like
that hardly you know I'm saying but I
think if I wanna go to Kenya go to Kenya
would be like Fine Gael as a Nigerian
accent but you know that's the way the
world comes I don't know I feel like I
wanna be put a step above just because
they assumed here from your America
you've got that style you've got that
flavor you're rich um
the standard of beauty here is pretty
much the same you know so we've all been
colonized by Europe so it's all the same
the only difference between them here is
that there's a lot less racially mixed
means Africa but in Kenya of course
you're not going to have that much
diversity you know you're going to be
the only Asian kid in class um although
we do have what Hindi which are Kenyans
that are from India
you have your black Kenyans and you have
your indian canyons but I bet that one
girl who's both I would get a lot of
attention um you know that's just the
way it is gotta be skin T I would still
be curvy long hair don't care I don't
know the light-skinned - a dark-skinned
- thing is the same because we had
colonization not slavery per se of
course it exists there you know I'm not
saying over there they don't have it but
I don't think I don't think it would be
to the extent there's over here I mean
cooking bleach over there will bleach
over here will bleaching the islands
everywhere your are saying but then
again if you look good and you know it
people can't argue with that
you could have shaved head
you could have seven foot tall after all
people can will be dark dark dark dark
dark you could be really getting it even
lights but if you walk in there like I
am hot stuff you can walk like you own
the place everything they're using works
I don't know I don't know to translate
so I'm gonna act Wow
