I have Furby eyes I have creepy hey you
two brothers me Evelyn that was
completely random I may or may not cut
that on the video and this is gonna be a
quick little hair video inspired by
denim pixie ha let you go right here um
yeah title says it all let's go all
right so it's summertime and it's humid
and everything like that at least where
i am in Central Texas but um humidity is
good for my hair you know your hair
might be different by the way waves
can't really see it but the waves are on
swim all right like in denim Pixies a
good yaar about spring summer time
products that you know come back and
season because of the ingredients you
can't really use them during other
seasons but now's the perfect time and
you had you know a list of products that
you know she loves but they only work
during this time of year she's bringing
them back so i thought i'd share with
you guys the products when I only have
two or three um that I always I loved
but they only work during this season
uyen handmade burnt sugar pomade if you
click the link that's hovering over the
product itself it'll take you to my
product review of it when I first got it
last summer and um I haven't used it
that much because I can only use it at
the summer it is a humectant and that is
why no I like how it makes my hair feel
I want to team it outside and if it's
not hanging outside my hair is kind of
crunchy with that stuff so keep curly
curling custard I love this product I
love what it does but i only love what
it does in the spring / summer I don't
even say spring out what is spring I
don't know what spring is do you know we
went from 25 degrees to a sub you know
isn't that blizzard in it but I don't
know why I don't like this in the fall I
don't know but in the summer it gives me
juicy juicy curls juicy max whatever you
want to call them it has that juice
factor and although it's humid which
might make people's hair puffy it
provides since the soft styling gel it's
not you know you know what's it called
spackle like eco styler is in my head
equal salaries just you know stuff you
plug holes in the wall e um it's like a
soft a soft styling gel so it provides
enough hold to keep that cuticle closed
and that curl intact even though you're
out of the humidity and the water has a
chance to get to your hair and kind of
give you their juice that juicy feelin
on jerry curl juice another product that
i don't have but i found is better in
the summer months would be oil handmaids
juices whether it's the greg juice the
friends use of the juices and berries
that stuff is also humectant and i
believe it has vegetable glycerin and it
as well so in the what I'm not the best
idea um yeah but in the summertime again
it functions like the brown sugar pomade
curly curling custard gives you that
juice that
juice factor I don't battle I don't have
an issue with dryness because the air
has enough water in it from my hair that
my puppies all nuts off salt and yeah
who got I got to take come below with
your summertime springtime favorites see
you in the next
