this Friday vlog brought you by
Whataburger as we pronounced water so
instead of telling the story for my
Friday blog like I usually do oh my
decided I was going to do something that
I've been seeing around the youtubes
internets and i'm going to do an
ethnicity tag i watch the jamia contact
washington i jet sang-jun young cows my
african Queens Fine Gael look away so
and then I watched videos from um all
the different like Asian countries that
that that you know that continent rules
deep always but then I realize you know
aren't they are there any Kenyan um
tag videos because I know there are kids
on YouTube y'all que hi alright so I
decided I would come on here and do a
Kenyan tag now I tag all of you in
YouTube land regardless of your
ethnicity regardless of what culture
that you read make an ethnicity tag show
the YouTube world uh what what makes you
you know I'm saying it could be one
culture it could be a mixture of
different cultures like I am um but um
let's get it started first question oh
and don't be one of those people who
says I'm regular black I don't have a
culture what if you look everybody in
the world copies black culture but
that's another story for another day
alright so everybody does have a culture
all right go for it what are you I think
like the title made very clear I am
American by nationality but ethnicity uh
is the key clue ethnic group I don't
like calling them tribes Kikuyu ethnic
group in Kenya East Africa Wikipedia
yeah yeah what part of Kenya is your
family from we aren't from uh kambou
district which is rural can never say
that word rural and it's a little bit to
the north of Nairobi someone go over
there we do
of the capital city disbelief famous
Kenyans um Barack Obama's have Kenyan
unfortunately his Kenya side has said it
wasn't really you know the other hand
you know I'm saying but gotta love moms
that just be doing the same thing you
know what I'm saying
I'm thigh Kiku woman that's a died Jane
axe I'm so sorry um she was the first
African woman woman to receive the Nobel
Peace Prize yeah it was um same
sustainable development democracy and
peace so let me put the gun away when
were you last in your country um I was
last in Kenya when I was 14 so I was in
2004 alright and I've been meaning to go
but you know college gets in the way you
know I'm saying so I think I'll go when
I graduate like after I graduate just
pack it up and go for a while oh yeah do
you speak your language the two
languages that my parents speak are
besides English are Kikuyu and uh
Swahili and I guess you can look up what
those languages sound white soft Swahili
right now anybody can pronounce it it's
very it's hooked on phonics you know I'm
saying if you learned how to read
there's no trick to pronouncing words in
Swahili
it's very saying like it's spelled
whereas he cool you if my last name for
example is supposed to have squiggly
lines all in a while my name but we took
them out because that will just confuse
people right people use a really hard
language for me to learn just because it
has a pronunciation that because I sound
like this I would feel like it would
make fun of me and they will so I'll
just stick to learning Swahili which is
a lot easier some Swahili words that I
know Palm Bay ah Nina baratti which is
really a sentence but Swahili is kind of
like that where a word is really a
sentence
broken down and I'm said um what else
Simba I mean did you watch The Lion King
the head Swahili all through it Rafiki
Lala Salama in a coupe and stuff like
that
Swahili is actually what is the
percentage it's like 1/3 Arabic 1/3
influenced by Arabic but um that's what
Salaam so I'm also mama comes from Oh so
cuckoo you for you when with that Nick
my dad overall a good team Oh drew and
that Miriam Makeba song Malaika my life
cases for healing word my cousins names
actually who wants to teach me better
yet if you're on the YouTube internets
and you want to teach me Swahili I'll
let you go we can work something out
alright what in your house dawn
represents Kenny well I think the fact
that I am in my dorm represents Kenya
but objects acquired some um there is
another ethnic group in Kenya called the
Masai people Messiah whatever and this
would be look like
traditionally you know they don't have
to be wearing that to be beside but
yawns it actually looked like
traditionally and they do a lot of
intricate beadwork all right now on the
tumblr Internet's and all those hipster
blogs there if they were a zillion
beaded bracelets you know what I'm
saying that is from that culture of
course there are other cultures that
we're needed things but the African
aspect they're usually not copying
they're usually like inspired from
Messiah beadwork
this thing I don't know it's it hangs in
my room and I don't know how they made
this I don't know but you open it it's a
little thing it's only the beads which
is reason wire then you open it and
there's like bracelets Kenya oh this is
the flag by the way to shield not a
ladybug like I thought when I was three
years old
um these things and her ring let me go
ahead and put that on oh whoops blah
Blau saying these earrings made from
beets and it's for that reason that I
can't bite anything beaded anything
African looking and beaded like
Charlotte Russe one bangle bracelet that
would that look like this you know was
eight dollars one bracelet and I know
full well that I think you know Kenya
and get that like a million bracelets
for the equivalent of eight American
dollars you know so I can't really get
down with Afrocentric jewelry in states
because
overpriced and it was made in China so
let's wrap Oz I don't know if I should
want to call them they're just big
pieces of fabric that can be as colorful
as you want and I think every culture
pretty much has something like this the
island Asian countries there's two
wrongs or whatever but they're called
lessels here and they just have a design
on them and the unique thing about the
ones in Kenya or at least this tree that
region of Africa is that they have
sayings on them that are usually like
warnings you know or proverbs or
something like that here bla bla bla
what's wet GP Moyle will Tichina and I
don't know what with the shame that
means but GP Moya means take heart you
know what I'm saying like a very strong
right um this is not Kenyan per se but I
do like to keep a bottle of Ribena in my
fridge at all times you know what I'm
saying and what I my parents bought me a
can of Milot mix that was bigger than my
head what is your favorite meal oh
because all cultures are influenced by
each other there are some aspects of
Indian culture that are influenced by
India being that you are by the Indian
Ocean trade and such so um my favorite
food is pilau rice which is like the
only way I can describe it I mean it's
like rice but it's not spicy the way
Nigerian rice is spicy it's like curry
spicy I like just do you I'm saying um
again I like much to be like curry
tasting um it's not curry but it has
that kind of spice in it and joyce
shahboz she which is chapathi which is
Indian as well
um that's just basically flatbread
that's like fried in a pan um some good
catch on Bali
I enjoy conscient Bali what does catch
in Bali is basically pico de gallo
um except since we don't speak Spanish
it's not called pico de gallo Kenyans
drink a lot of tea with milk like it's
it's not like black tea it's all it
always has milk in it and since I am
sliding black toast and tolerant I
always have to decline tea when I go to
like Kenyan functions and yeah always be
big and I'm rude and I'm not rude I just
can't get down with that much milk what
is the best part of your culture I don't
think this is specific to Kenya but um I
like that it's a very social culture if
you were raised in America you might be
put off by that because no one will
leave you alone ever you will never be
by yourself ever
you will always be talking to someone at
somebody's house and go into somebody's
house waiting for somebody to come to
your house you know I'm saying hang out
outside talking to people it's not you
do everything together
no I'm saying it's not America is very
individualistic what do you plan to
change or improve in your country and
Kenny um one of my biggest dreams and
life has always been to go back to Kenya
and be a TV producer one like a radio
host or something like that because all
the times I've been to Kenya I've only
been three times in my life but um the
TV programming was like 60% imported
from Britain in America and then 40%
that's allowed 70% imported from Britain
America or Australia and then the rest
was original programming and I really
want to change that you know I wanted to
be
mostly Canyon Canyon music I love it
there are different kinds of King music
obviously there's traditional Kikuyu
music which sounds a lot like Mexican
old-school Mexican I don't know the name
of it but you know the construction
workers be blasted from their trucks
they don't care who's listening whose
words they're drowning out then we'll
listen to their music it's something
exact same I also see a music which is I
guess the younger generation hip hop is
I what would be playing on kiss a friend
you know it book and get music is
usually sung in English and Swahili and
then a mixture of the tunica Sheng um
and Ganga is a shame word that means uh
like a group of people the masses you
know but it's derived from the English
word game yeah not looking by the way
just like in the game of people you know
um a stir bar you'll hurt your body girl
cooker watches myself making me a mental
case but I can't do without a girl come
on you baby nothing you let me because
you're driving me crazy
Wow to be Canyon American very much so
you know I'm that makes me kind of
conflicted you know because I'm not
black to the actual black kids you know
with like the last with English last
names you know but I'm not
Kenyan to like my cousins you know I way
I'm the first American in my family the
first one that was born in the US so you
know it's like I'm that middle thing you
know when you're first generation
American you're like that middle thing
you don't even know what you are because
that's what I got to say Kenyans had
rules really long but you know it's
worth all right so I tagged you in the
YouTube land and I'll see you guys in
the next video happy Friday
