my boobs so lopsided they're always hey
YouTube world yes I fight iron my hair
post on that kind of coming up soon but
bearded but the title of this video
suggests I have a complete all right
it's really hard to be a laid-back chill
yet modest female when the only clothing
available to us is skanky okay our
definitions I'm gonna sit sorry our
definitions of skanky my theory you know
what I'm saying some people are very
comfortable and really really really
sure shorts maybe if you have absolutely
no shape you're one of those people I
don't need that in a rude way I mean
that in a very some people are the shape
of a pencil like like like but if you
have hips that just do things I feel
very uncomfortable in girl shorts so
this video we're just to show you the
shorts a time right now I got in my
goodwill um there were like five dollars
in the men's section size forty waist so
these are really big on me okay so you
can't even see the end rah Wow gang see
see how you see how big these are ah
like my wings are up here and there I
could someone could pants me
that's how short they so many long babe
that's how long they are but I love them
because they're comfortable and I wish
girls shorts would be like this would be
like maybe that I wish girls shorts
would be this short but I don't been
able to find sorry I haven't been able
to find girl shorts
that long since maybe I was five
okay you know what I'm saying anywhere I
go department store the mall with
Walmart all-girl shorts like this
they're all like that
what is this that's a thigh look at this
you see this these are what deep what is
it's not okay okay all right daughters
and they like one short shorts I mean
it's not okay that's my opinion
I wish I mean you know what I'm saying
like even exercise clothes I wear boys
basketball shorts because if I'm running
I don't want booty shorts sorry this is
just a visitor RAM video I haven't been
around video in a while but it's like
I'd rather have basketball shorts then
those hi freakin Sophie cheerleading
shorts that are basically volleyball
spandex just wear volleyball spandex and
that's the look you're going for but
don't try and sell me some shorts
pretending like this 12-inch square of
cloth is clothing you know what I'm
saying like just cuz I'm a chick doesn't
mean I'm going to show all that leg I
got a lot leg you know what I'm saying
I'm fine eight now I don't know I know
but what are your thoughts on the length
of shorts in this day and age and now
I'm bringing this up also because it's
like April and Texas is kind of deciding
whether it's spring or summer um it
hasn't quite rooted out yet and I left
all my shorts and mommy and daddy's
house so I'm stuck still wearing jeans
when it's hot outside so I needed to get
some shorts so I tried shopping for
but that never worked out someone to
Goodwill and got these huge freakin
Mensch of cargo pants which I love so
that's where this dot can my head
because all the shorts I could find even
though they fit me they just you know
what I'm saying I can't have stuff
brighten up my crotch
I can't it's not comfortable
