updates hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
in my facebook hat I just want to come
on and say hello I have a lot of things
in the works so I just want to pop in
pop pop pop pop and say what I do how do
we slept in a while in a couple days
haven't had a good night's rest in a
long while but that's okay because I can
sleep when I'm dead update number one
not doing anything to my hair so I
really an update but whatever update
number two Spring Break anybody who
watches my videos it does me in real
life knows that I love love love music
live music and I just so happen to live
in what some people call most people
call the live music capital old Austin
Texas or of the country whatever and
this upcoming week is stopped by South
West truck if you're like me and you
don't get caught up on this is white
people music this is meh Skippy the
music is black new music go you'll
really love Austin um cuz people like
everything everything everything this
year let me name all the not mainstream
all the big black beautiful acts you got
big boy Erykah Badu Jake Cole with Kali
Cee Lo Green Lupe Fiasco this Erykah
Badu already Jean Grey Talib Kweli Hoke
will pay for the house and much much
more and if you check out the link up
below on South by Southwest it's a
special set you guys a wristband that
gets you into everywhere film
interactive which is like technology and
music runs do about $750 which makes
sense because imagine everything in the
world you love all in one
place it's like paying for several
concerts right someone you $50 doesn't
seem that unreasonable but it's
expensive nevertheless alright so
usually I just go around downtown to the
free shows I try and get in my sari
looking at a 20 year old self
something about 21 days soon me buy
alcohol I'll be 21 and go buy a damn
thing just to stick it to the man yes I
got it free yes about to leave without
purchasing a thing so anyways yeah I
have a beef with being 20 years old
that's what used to be but this semester
I got an internship with a website
called society hae check them out blam
and we're going to South by Southwest
and I get to get into all the shows
Jesus be a bank account because that
would have never happened otherwise so
check out that channel I'm one of the
video interns so I will be using my
trusty tripod camera video camera and
everything like such as to bring you
footage we're trying to get interviews I
think last year they got to interview
Theophilus London and not just interview
they got to roll with him they got to
like walk you know I'm saying it so we
need to sit there you know this manager
in the background creep it on you but
they just got to chill just walk the
streets of Austin Theophilus London for
anyways I'm rambling I'm really excited
music music music if you will be in
Austin for South by Southwest hit me up
on Twitter blam
and we can arrange something because I
want to see you what else what else what
else
journalism school it's really difficult
you know what I'm saying it's one of
those majors where you have to pursue
your career while you're learning how to
do your career it's like being an actor
you know what I'm saying the kids in the
theatre school have to act in real life
while they're learning how to act it's
very weird you know what I'm saying it's
not like pre-med majors actually have to
perform you know surgery or something
while they're pursuing their degrees so
you know that it
it creates a lot of stress and have to
balance work in school with work at
school are the exact same thing so which
one takes wrangle the one you're getting
paid to do or the one who paid to do
anyways I'm in college sorry for venting
like that I should really shower someday
so I'm gonna go do that eat foods
alright so nothing new with the hair
school is blah South by Southwest hit me
up on Twitter if you're gonna be here
and check out society hae dot-com for
South by Southwest coverage of all the
concerts I'm gonna go I'm excited for J
Davi personally have a great spring
break if I you're in college and you
have spring break if you're a grown up
for real for real
um sorry haha
no but real um take care of hearts
