when is boy me Wow Oh down this road
that week I is what we doing happy to be
here it's good to know that happens
hello me stand by me when this boy needs
world hey guava nectar juice of the gods
but um hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
and I just wanted to come on here and
make a video to say hi to say hi no I'm
gonna work on the update video but it
happens um but here I go updates and
various things like such as the hair is
pinned in such a way that I can never do
tutorial on it because it is not in fact
there is no rhyme or reason to it at all
oh I love this headband at target where
I get everything like um I watch a lot
of blackies beautiful band fictional
right there um I watched a lot of her
videos um because she's a master with a
bobby pin you know she can work a hair
pin and she has way shorter hair than I
do so it works out um so yeah go in
there if you
to know stuff about hairstyles but
that's really all that I've been doing
number two I want to do a giveaway I
might take me awhile to acquire all the
things but because i'm not really
bawling in that aspect but I did pick up
something and if you follow me on
Twitter you may or may not have
ascertained um what I picked up at Urban
Outfitters it relates to natural hair
and I thought it was friggin awesome but
yeah it's gonna go in there I don't know
what the giveaway is gonna be I don't
know how big it's gonna be I don't know
how many things i'm giving away how many
people i'm gonna give them away to all i
know is that Johnny something what else
oh thanks for wishing me luck on my
Portuguese test I got a 86 on it bill um
yes I'm one of those people who needs an
A that's me and fingers crossed send me
good vibes I applied to go to Brazil
over the summer study abroad and um yeah
I had my interview today so that the
press could see if I was mentally stable
because he said the past years people
have had mental breakdowns and stuff
because the classes that in Portuguese
but you read the stuff in English and
you know being in different countries
some people just can't take it and I'm
like if I can hold it down in Nairobi I
can't speak Swahili people looking at me
because they know I'm supposed to be
able to speak Swahili and I can take
that then I can definitely take being
lost in Brazil where nobody expects me
to know Portuguese because I'm American
know what I'm saying so I'm not really
fazed I really want to go that's the
main thing um so wish me luck I really
hope that I get to go because if not
even when I'm stay in Texas and work or
I'm gonna go to Kate because I need to
okay this is my facebook cup but I got
facebook just um not just but relatively
recently made in office Mills an office
in
then and so you know they're coming to
the University and recruiting extra
smart genius people to do their computer
coding and stuff I went for the free
pizza in the cups okay um I'm a
journalism major this right here this
right here this is what that is I'm just
telling you too don't forget me a bit
something something was I said sometimes
up and sometimes it hurts instead that's
not gonna play something everybody
should know by now there's a fire
starting in my heart reaching a fever
pitch is bringing me out the dark friday
i can see you crystal clear god help me
out in auli or shipping there's a fire
starting in my reaching a fever pitch
and it's bringing me out the dark the
scars are my bus to keep be thinking
look we all
stop me to beat oh I'm gonna make ya'll
get burned she's getting God you hear
that she's gangsta that's why I love
it's the bomb.com this is a really old
CD not really old but it's an old CD um
corn bailey rae the sea I knew the songs
by never bought the CD I want her
concert back in the day here's some
footage
Gabriel taco corn bailey rae live in a
person definitely has an orgasm
performance space like John Mayer you
know how Johnny hits the guitars like
hot like corn Billy Ray japanee has one
of those I'm gonna play the tambourine
and getting burned into the tambourine
to us I only what do you throw up you
but I mean it's always good um you know
if you love going to concerts like I do
if the performer if the artist doesn't
have an orgasm face something is wrong
you know I'm saying if they're not that
into the music that they look their
faces like oh then they're not good live
you know what I'm saying lupe fiasco
when I saw him life he didn't open his
eyes for like the first 15 minutes of
the show that's how intense he was he
was like her
all right look I was like wow jenny was
a little timid about me I like concerts
but I'm so really long rambly damn Bodie
video but um or uh yeah ouch um no I
sohbat in the comments say hi um that's
really a lot of God
