not charlie it's a fight it's me Evelyn
I'm not from the islands me neither is
my family but I really wanted to do that
accident for some reason and I will be
switching odd since throughout the video
because that's what i do and i just want
to show you my products i really want to
enter this contest not just for myself
but for all the naturals on campus in
this general area that are my friends
because I've been known to be like the
natural hair product supplier not a drug
lord type person or like someone really
shady but you know it gets like that
sometimes so I will be in fact sharing
the wealth if I do in fact win so baby
here we go to wash my hair I use enjoy
creations apple cider vinegar shampoo
bar either i use that where i use on the
powder mix it into a paste with water
and that's what i used to cleanse my
hair to detangle my hair i use dark sins
botanicals pumpkin seed conditioner I've
been trying out yes to cucumbers and
it's been pretty groovy so that's that's
why I've been using lately but darts
botanicals is my stapler as a leave-in
conditioner I use either kekeke early
not today for doctors botanicals
leave-in conditioner these are like the
same product to me so that's why when I
run low on one I can buy the other boy
in handmade here do my hair drinks this
stuff up hmm what else what else with us
Oh as a leaf conditioner i also use aloe
vera gel mixed in a spray bottle with
one of those other leave-in conditioners
Oh CLS I also use peace-loving
Sunshine's coconut confidence it's the
strawberry butter flavor she's a
youtuber I'd love her stuff I've tried
making shea butter coconut oil mixtures
I'm not really the one alright um even
though I watched your video like
heatedly um but I just
I'm not a chef you know I can't I can't
pick up goodness all right I also use
just playing coconut oil you know what I
want to go to the rut of air products I
also use data coil which is coconut oil
and all the air Vivek herbs I use I use
henna on love Chicago icon is that how
you who forgive me lord knows I you say
it I don't know but those the products I
use tools wychecombe dead Mets the big
bobby pins and I use a bunch of hair
pins you cannot go wrong with a stretchy
headband so that's pretty much it that's
really all I do thanks again adding I'm
just for having this contest in the
first place thank you in the bottom of
my heart and all the other afro here at
college kids on UT Austin's campus we
thank you
