hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and I'm
in my kitchen because I'm going to make
red beans or rice but mainly I'm here to
make a video as you can see above the
title I'm furious because Tom's natural
deodorant gave me odor so you might be
saying Ellen why use natural deodorants
that's gross and when if I were to tell
some my friend to be like oh hipster oh
you know organic blah blah blah but
really what the case is is it doesn't
have you know these artificial
ingredients that cause irritation
it causes skin to break you know what
I'm saying you might have some
discoloration under your arms Paula if
you hear me it's probably because of
that were you born with darker underarms
I know I wasn't
so anyway sorry you need it over the
summer June July I decided let me go on
ahead and try this whole natural
deodorant thing now I knew that I would
be looking for a deodorant and a
deodorant is a product that stops or
prevents stank okay stank not sweat
right
that's an antiperspirant which I've
never been comfortable with even as a
little child you know I'm saying so
you're telling me there's a product out
there that can make me stop sweating why
don't we put any pressure on our faces
I don't care if my underarm sweat I care
if my face is sweaty personally you know
what I'm saying so I never really
understood the point of an
antiperspirant because I know and you
know that you still sweat even when you
haven't any purse right on so anyways I
went ahead to the store and got a
roll-on natural deodorant I know I did
my research all that stuff yeah yeah
yeah the brand name was crystals here's
a picture
and it was $2.99 at the store and I
thought great it's cheaper than regular
deodorants that new secret you know
clinical strength all that stuff is like
$5 for some deodorant y'all during the
summer I was in Austin Texas the only
sane it was hot I was walking to the bus
to go to work bus to going to idea to go
I was sweat sweat sweat sweating and at
the end of the day I didn't smell bad
which I am was overjoyed I was like yay
this works that's how these natural
deodorants work instead of you you know
using fragrance to cover up the smell of
odor you put it on clean skin and it
prevents the bacteria that causes odor
from forming in the first place so
you're never supposed to start smell you
have some people remember junior high
when boys to put on deodorant after
working out like that substitutes taking
a shower it's not the same idea it won't
work it's supposed to prevent bacteria
so you have to use it when you're clean
fast-forward to this month where my
crystals deodorant ran out alright and I
said let me go and get some more this is
like last week that I bought the Tom's
deodorant so I went to the store this
month I am in North Texas not Central
Texas alright where they may or may not
have the same type of thing so and
behold they don't have crystals at
Walmart at Target Walgreens CVS Dollar
General no way ok so I have to settle on
Tom's I've seen Tom's before I just
didn't pick it up because you know
haven't before so I got it to roll on
just like crystals and I smelled it I'm
a smell I smell food I smell hair
products I smell myself I'm a smell
sniffer if you will smell kind of off
you know what I mean like baby wipes I
personally think baby products smell
really bad you know if I ever have a kid
that person is going straight to
grown-up stuff I think baby wipes smell
really bad and that's what the Tom's
Yoda and smelled like smell like baby
wipes but not like the powder con just
plain baby wipes right sigh excuse it I
was like okay differences in brand get
it take it with a grain of salt for some
reason this year in mark Texas it is 80
degrees around Christmas I don't know
why last quiz there's cold and snowy yes
presently 80 degrees you know what can
you do so I'm sweating on my coat in
sweat - it's wet and then of course
because I'm a sniffer can't help it's my
nature
go ahead and smell and I'm like wow I
smell bad yeah it's possible
it's only been but two three hours I'm
not talking about sweating talking about
odor okay I don't really smell so bread
mmm not at all okay I'll give maybe I
wasn't putting enough of the D over and
on maybe that's what it was
thing is that I didn't understand is the
crystals deodorant I had before had no
fragrance high polish and it just like
this woman so the smell I was getting I
was testing those deodorants out so the
smell beginning would be my for real
smell I wouldn't get you know
pomegranate or a lot of you know you
know some fragrance masking was really
there I would get you know real results
so when I had crystals I would just
smell regular you know even at the end
of the day even though I've been
sweating
I wouldn't smell bad I know what I smell
like uh-huh I smell like so this when I
put two hours of using this I was bad
so not neutral Albert's no bad I had
taken the shower last night put on
deodorant woke up this morning and I
smelled bad can you believe that I had
to wake up and take a shower again
before I went to sleep after I woke up I
had took a shower twice that's gross
okay so I said today I'm not going to
put deodorant deodorant on at all
nothing I just put on my lotion spray my
body spray and what about my day I've
been driving all day
I went Christmas shopping a when got
some food I'm here making red beans and
rice I'm dancing to Christmas music and
my candy cane boxers I'm being active
you guys and I don't smell bad I'm
telling you I have no deodorant on and I
don't smell as bad as I smelled when I
had deodorant on they don't make no
sense I'm angry now I'm gonna have to go
buy crystal D over online because I
can't fight it in North Texas and now go
out the way for it to common lots and
not wear deodorant it's going to be
shameful so take heed if you didn't have
the same experience as me and you use
Tom's the odorant please let me know
maybe this is a bad batch maybe I can
suit Tom's they can end up paying for my
college tuition so all of this just to
say for anybody watching don't use this
that's my product review
