hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and
this video is going to be a continuation
of my natural hair nappy headed
crossroads video and that video was more
of what was wrong and the problem and
this video is going to be a little bit
about what I'm gonna do about it cuz I'm
this channel we gonna be proactive you
heard me let's go so I decided that I'm
going to take part in moptop mavens
healthy hair in 2011 grow your hair out
extravaganza think that she's having on
her website if you don't know who my top
name it is but all is forgiven and i'll
put her information down below she's
pretty groovy I know what you're
thinking Evelyn you will be able to
straighten natural how could you get
information and advice and inspiration
from somebody like multi maven whose
hair got that princess jasmine you know
thank that Pocahontas native american
indian italian Somalia Ethiopia and curl
you know I'm saying and to that YouTube
girl I would just say here on my youtube
channel i subscribed to people i think
are funny and groovy in general relaxed
nappy curly to a 4 z hi dudes locks men
women our age ranges nationalities
sexualities races ethnicities and that
includes Becky what long curls that's
all I'm going to say about that no
separate video no African export debate
discussion you know I'm saying none of
that so moving on so below i'm going to
put the links to three ish three ish
posts that she's made on her website
pertaining to the hair growth challenge
the first thing she says to do is kind
of decide which how you're going to go
about this growth challenge much like
you would decide how you're going to go
natural you know you have the big chop
and you have a transition well as far as
the grow-out challenge when you're
already natural there's the protective
styles with extensions and then there's
the protective styles and loose tiles
with your own hair and i decided that
i'm going to go with the loose hair your
own hair out because
I need to come to grips with my hair I
can't just keep hiding from it and when
I get tired go over to some braids or
something because at the end of the day
or really at the end of the two months
I'm gonna have to take out the braids
and face my hair again and go through
all of this all over again so i might as
well learn the first time next she says
get your products in your regimen in
order to make it easier for us she kind
of gave us three different paths of you
take you take the traditional the
natural and that egg your Vedic I know
exactly what it is never took the time
to learn how to pronounce it traditional
it's going to be your store-bought you
know your herbal essences your Trez
amaze your panty and natural is going to
be on your shea butters your you only
use a cv rinses and baking soda and all
that stuff then air that it gives your
hennas omelets Brahmi's the tikka oils i
decided that i'm going to kind of
combine the three because that's what
i've been doing so far and i have
products in each category that i really
think my hair can live without so I'm
not going to try and give them up then
she says you know you need to put those
products in their own categories of your
regimen and your regimen is basically
five things cleansing conditioning be
tangling leave in refresh styling and
special deep treatments and I wrote an
article for national coney calm about
how you build your own regimen and I
find out we pretty much said the same
things link to my article down below um
I know it's helped a couple people when
they're trying to you know get a
regiment together I would like to call
this my happy nappy plan 2011 cleanse
Aleutians moisture benefit shampoo
smells like peach lat is really nicely I
use it my mom a visit doma shampooing as
far as conditioning and detangling dress
botanicals pumpkin seed moisturizing
conditioner and threw away my herbal
essences because it was the cause of my
scalp problems today okay so I feel by
the way this is the only condition i
have i'm currently on the lookout for a
slightly cheaper conditioner with the
same kind of ingredients you know not
only don't go for any more instances you
want to sing them kind of traumatized I
had to throw away my yes tomatoes
because it expired go figure as far as
leave in conditioners and refreshing
moisturizing your hair I think in deep
water but I also use aloe vera gel aloe
vera juice this is just the spray bottle
what's in here is not the product it's
mixed with castor oil sometimes
sometimes it's not just depends on how i
feel so i also used our tentacles
leave-in conditioner and I know how this
I use kinky curly not today so I styling
my um I've learned that I can use kinky
curly curling custard for curly defined
loose hair but i can also couple it with
coconut oil and twist my hair up and it
provides a really nice whole loop with
the coconut robot coconut oil provides
softness also use a shea butter product
whether it's my own shea butter someone
from my etsy.com shop with a joint
handmade with pudding Cheyenne define um
I can also use that or as deep
treatments special projects i've tried
olive oil for my scalp video on that
coming soon to kind of cleanse it
properly I love love love henna that's a
protein treatment and I found a new deep
conditioner two replacements Jessie's
just what Evelyn you're using mixed
chicks on you're not mixed I think you
already know how I feel on things like
that I've also figured out on what style
works for me no I've always said that my
twist outs look ugly oh my braid outs
also look ugly my mini twists look ugly
which leads me to just wear my hair
loose all the time I found a style that
I am happy with and that style is
curly Nikki's twisting kohei that Justin
Crowe was kind of like a band too like I
curled that thing to the right to the
woods okay it only supposed to curl it
part of the way um but for the most part
i'm happy with the result and if i'm
going to wear my hair out you know
stretched um that's how I'm gonna do it
yes that was my happiness I in 2011
thanks to mop top maven for you know
inviting all of us to join in on her
journey and I hope that you guys join
too um if you want to I know I've got a
lot of comments on that last video about
how people were in the same boat as me
you know does not know what the hell to
do um and you know I think that's got me
excited about it that makes it feels
good to be excited so I will see you in
the next video and comment if you so
choose because I like to talk to you all
right bye
