hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and
sorry from talking really low I'm not
really one to lose called energy yes
because all I just want to come on here
and say Happy Holidays Merry Christmas I
don't only celebrate Kwanzaa on account
of I'm actually African so oh yeah but
it's a little bit Kwanzaa that's cool
too um google island was my show back in
the day happy Hannukah tell my jewish
people out there the food is amazing um
we're actually having breast skin on
that note for real like for real on
Christmas Day vegan brisket so yeah we
have something in common so yeah I just
want to come on here and say Merry
Christmas enjoy your holidays once loved
because I know I am um never seen in
2011 right here in the atmosphere
floating around are going to be links to
two Christmas videos that i made about
in the day 1 by myself and wool and
bread and if you just want to watch
those I got the Christmas spirit before
you go shopping tomorrow really like my
dad always does then feel free I'm
saying cuz I'm just here to spread some
holiday cheer
um yeah you didn't do one this year we
didn't know everything with this I'm
just never got around but you know what
it's okay um you're sitting at home
squeezing into my mom sweater feeling
like a giant compared to her and um yeah
merry christmas happy new year no I will
not be doing a home my Christmas
presents cuz that's kind of rude um and
what else I got to see what else I see
up next in 2011 um I figured out a
couple things as far as my nephew year
crossroads goals we've got a couple
things about sharing with you I found a
deep conditioner that is very affordable
compared to miss jessie's and it's all
thanks to you guys and I'll tell you
that and i also tried curling Nikki's
infamous twisting curl it is so wrong
but I tried it on my arrow and I will
let you know how that went teach
yourself stick around for that thanks
for watching my videos I really
appreciate
I'm gonna go watch all express that's
all again
