I have 1000 you to subscribers yeah hey
YouTube world it's me Evelyn and I just
want to tell y'all fit I reached a
thousand subscribers technically as of
right this very minute I have been that
many subscribers thank you thank you
thank you I like to thank um Olivia my
daddy um my little brother up and be
along this journey uh I like they mock
us a ride way oh ok thank you for
clicking that big yellow button you know
I'm saying I'm thank you for commenting
most of all because even if I had like
two subscribers but love he'll be
commenting that means we want to talk to
me I just wanted to come on here and say
I appreciate it some people be telling
me that I help them you know realize you
know what they might want to do next
with their hair that I you know since i
don't i'm not so all willy nilly with my
product um reviews and product what's
the word not condolences come on what's
the word endorsements oh wow cuz i'm not
willing to lose my product endorsements
people being a second truck sorry i
wasn't looking at the camera with luna
moth oh um yeah anyway oh well there you
like watching my friday vlogs BAM here's
the playlist for my friday blogs i did
that over the summer and the course
fridays during the year our school and
work so i can really do them so i might
pick that up later plans and making
clothes making 2011 there is property
news you know naturally curly com we're
just a random crap but footage from a
concert i went to or just anything you
know this channel is about say what you
got to say
so at least people can know they're not
the only ones who are thinking it or you
know if you just get Malone idea it is
okay also apart from the whole
subscription thing I would just like to
say because of you because of all of
y'all out there in YouTube land I won
both of the contest that I entered on
youtube I Bashar lanes gearing model
contest and rush knees um lip gloss
several days of giveaways contest if you
want to see those videos right here in
the atmosphere okay I actually got both
the prizes in the mail yesterday and I
was going to open them yesterday but
then I'd cook dinner not to eat the
dinner you had to do the dishes the
intervention came out was strangely
enough is a really addictive show um and
then hoarders came on and then I just
watched spongebob just saw jeopardy came
on and then before you know it i want to
go to my room and read and then fell
asleep and then it's the next day so i
thought i would go ahead and open my
prizes for you on camera okay that's
good let's go roshni's um lip gloss I
needs kissers I have nothing on my lips
and preparation yes yes this is the
beauty rush liv Glaus from victoria's
secret called slice of heaven it looks
like a slice of heaven and I'm really
excited okay
my banker they look like this game soon
coming soon oh yeah oh yeah uh-huh I
like I'm like it really yeah so Thank
You rusty there's our channel go check
it out thank you so much we give me the
slip clowns and next IV charlaine and
the her channel go check it out once
more if you haven't already um her new
year in line it's pretty groovy and I
got to choose hearing anyone wanted and
she sent it to me for free non you know
so without further adieu oh the package
e as real crew real crew all right since
im's dome okay there and hope it's okay
a brat I'm excited I'm excited hey hey
congrats on winning the contest hope you
enjoy the earrings and here is her card
and I forgot the name that I chose with
any of these earrings BAM will be right
here um I'll put all this information
down below looking pretty thing um even
though I'm dressed like a hoodlum i'm
gonna go ahead and try them on hey look
my earrings yo let my earrings yeah and
then it has a nice wooden bead it's flat
and circular and its wooden and then it
goes in sunrise you know green Oh
whooping and then it has like Oh bleep
and they're very nice you're insane so
shout out to you guys for voting for me
um thanks ivy Charlene
for having this contest and choosing my
picture as a finalist in the first place
there's anything i can do you want a
proper view I try and make it happy you
know what I'm saying um you want advice
on something i'ma try and surfing myself
this video was just to say thank you
this gives you courage to keep doing
what I'm doing and um I will see you in
the next video
