changes need to be made and they need to
be made fast I can't breathe sweating my
dead min bristles are bent brass in one
sitting I used like 1/4 an entire bottle
of conditioner this right here whatever
this is it's throbbing I'm gonna have to
crack my knuckles like ten times my
light tooth comb got angry at me and
just left over like it is walk down yes
naturally Carly calm in YouTube I'm at a
new stage in my hair journey I'm at a
crossroads if you will and not be here
crossroads it's really what this is I'm
at the point in like my hair journey or
whatever you call it we're not gonna
make some decisions you know quick fast
I find myself in transition into medium
length hair oriented my afro is still
the same bigness which is why I was
fooled into thinking that I could still
get away with not twisting my hair at
night with keeping my hair shrunken with
you know um combing my hair once a month
twice a month you know what I'm saying
because the size of my afro I should get
you so intense that the size of my
Admiral has not changed this right here
is a one-year-olds after a buff and no I
did not just steal it of a one-year-olds
head it was ripped off of mine now I
have I trimmed my hair pretty well I
just wear pups you know wear loose hair
just running around town doing what I
want to do being who I want to be you
know I'm saying and then it comes to
days like this or I have time to sit
down and take all my hair and I spent
close to an hour doing it I sat in front
of the mirror you guys
you're just staring at my hair hold
conditioner divided into sections and I
didn't know oh my god so I'm home for
the holidays and it'll be some some
changes that will be made I think this
is the end of an era you know I'm saying
of a loose hair era I love my loose hair
I don't like twisting my hair I don't
like my twist outs all that much so easy
to just collapse in bed you know we're
not twist your hair up at night or do
any of that stuff and all the YouTube
ladies talk about it's just it's too
easy it's it's too easy to do that and
fast-forward and suddenly a month has
passed and you haven't combed your hair
wet my hair put conditioner in it and I
pull it out and you know regular texture
and then this at the ends look that's
actually what it's doing it I mean I'm
flustered you know I'm saying I don't
sure make youtube videos I talk about
hair and stuff but I truly don't pay
attention to my own hair you know I'm
saying
inflation poetics you know tried growing
out my mind just lets you know I give
people the advice I know from research
I've done from things that have happened
to me but as far as being on my Kimi to
swag you know what I'm saying as far as
that goes
I've watched everyone came you to his
videos more than one time and um she's
she's the bomb you know what I'm saying
but I don't know if I can pull that off
you know let's talk about the life my
hair can grow can I twist my hair
can I have my hair twist it and protect
it look for longer periods of time and
having my hair loose can I do that
I don't know how to twist hair that
doesn't look like Kizzy twists you know
what I'm saying no you're looking like
miss Celie that's not a hairstyle hey
cute if I want my hair to continue to
grow after my one-year anniversary um
we're gonna have to do some things to
retain Thanks what this video really is
is me ranting but more importantly me
reaching out to you guys I will be
experimenting with yarn breeds and the
very very very very near future I'm in
Bavaria near I mean here's some yarn
that I already cut up start with today
that I was just practicing um yeah so
using my hair twisted no new styles and
if I do wear loose tiles I have to
retwist them in every night I don't
think my hair grows fast but I mean it
grows at a pretty good rate the problem
is I don't take care of my hair and then
take a look and I detangle my hair so
infrequently it's disastrous and rips
off the ends of my hair so what ends up
happening is for easy-to-access chunks
of hair such as the side it flourishes
for not so easy to access parts of my
hair such as the side it does it as you
can see right here is where I would chop
off my hair if I had the guts to because
you can see it starts to just trail off
and
because all this breaks off go that's
how it's been since day one that's a
really long video so do you guys have it
you know I'm back to go watch some
YouTube videos I'm about to go watch
some yarn brave videos that's a go
what I'm about to go do Oh about to go
watch watch yeah I'll add me in the
comments for file for cuz your girl
needs
