hey you guys it's me Evelyn and um well
I just recently got on a YouTube contest
cake I just recently decided you know
what Evelyn it's not about winning it's
about having fun doing these contests
right I recently entered a glam Sienese
contest look at other stories this one I
entered one I'd be charlaine yeah there
she go right there it was to be a like a
model for her new earring lots and you
have to send in a picture to the picture
of you is she would choose finalist is
then to leave it up to the world to both
your girl got chosen 16 finalists out of
100 pictures hydrophone grabs and your
girl was number 15 it was an
alphabetical water spicy as you know
video that being said I need you guys to
go on there and vote but on me okay the
rules are available once the rules are
on um her video and the leap will be
right here just in the atmosphere right
there and you can see the picture that I
submitted and yeah oh and if I don't
that's cool but when he is just my name
is Evelyn smoked
themselves
