I'm just rolling out the videos today
all right bring the same clothes one
hour after the other coming see with
more videos this one is going to be
about okay it's actually just an update
video meaning it's about everything in
the world number one how you can tell
your hair is growing I know for those of
us out there who have here like this it
might be hard to tell if your ear is
going because your afro stays the same
size you know I'm saying that's
understandable because for every 25
spirals that's actually like six inches
of hair you know what I mean and this is
what I discovered
you know besides those doing
strengthening out your hair you know
which can get a little bit obsessive at
times I would go one way you can tell
whether your hands growing is if your
regular afro you know I'm saying it's
the same size as what your old twist
outs used to be so for example this
picture that was a twist Oh from circa
this MS era
Jennifer but that's pretty much the same
length as now with these ugly bed
nameste and as you can till your hair is
growing so don't fret just compare you
know shrunken hair now to stretch top
hair back in the day and if they're the
same that means your hairs actually next
thing on the list is their purchase I
made yesterday beta because it was cheap
and I knew it was heavily discounted
that was Island to Ross yes to Tomatoes
daily volumizing conditioner I know
today I wouldn't buy consumers unless I
ran out of the other one but when it
happened was Ephesus gave my scalp issue
so that I bought dark botanical but that
smells glitter not but this is only
$2.99 it's usually nine dollars this is
why I love Ross Marquez t.j.maxx stores
like that contains organic tomatoes
watermelon a hobo and then sea minerals
sounds like I don't know my own stuff
though but um I'm gonna use it today
when I go wash my hair oh yeah next
topic
scalp still itching I'm pretty much just
waiting to go home panics giving right
food apple cider vinegar rinse Hanna
treatments puts my hair up for the next
however long ah that conditioner really
must meet um you really must me and now
I don't know whatever goes back you know
I'm saying I've got a dandruff promises
for ever since my relaxer days or the
days when I had braids you know braids
for this manual scalp itch but yeah it's
bad advice easily doubts about him and
water helps but that's when they
temporary you can't leave your handouts
I was not a good agreement I tried the
name is questionable sorry I tried
extends invents curls from shrinking
from curly hair solutions the same
people that brought us AG recoil and
curl Cooper yeah there's a video on
that's the Kabir Khan's YouTube channel
here's the video
smells light like all the other products
that they have
I did try that part for natural causes
so I'm not person but is that much money
and it really this is really creamy and
I'm not used to creamy curl definers it
did not forget micros from shrinking
like I think I need to make a video
about curls of fineness because if
something defines your curls that means
your clothes get earlier closely clear
it's very noticeable to what your curl
pattern is difficult is type they'll
become very obvious for the product you
want loosen it but anyways that's time
so yeah extends I will be giving back to
my looser curly-haired friend it's not
for me another really important thing
that I want to talk to you guys about
confidence it off and on
finally aside from the doctor and the
with sinus infections last pacol a cold
/ you know my a slim I inhale it was
wrong this is usually then the doctor
said Evelyn what do you know about
vitamin thief I was like in milk you
don't say I don't drink cow milk so tell
me and she was like well no cow milk I
mean you do it's in there you know
sometimes but it's not really that much
vitamin D usually get at the Sun and you
might be better than D deficient but
also why for why she said she requires
blood tests to check vitamin D levels
for anyone who is on Candace suit is you
know Southeast Asian hot-wiring in
african-american and lacks Hina
anybody was darker see if they're a
caramel chocolate toffee peanut butter
Nutella
any of those she recommends because she
said you get by the beneath the Sun
the UV rays hit your skin and your skin
turns out to find easy for your body but
if you have dark skin the melon actually
blocks the UV rays a big and that's why
we don't burn even saying she said get
one so I got she said multiple levels to
vitamin D start at 30 I had 12
needless to say up severely you know
what I'm saying vitamin D deficient she
also gave me supplements and I take a
couple of those a day the next you know
three months and when level should be at
less 45 which is what she wants it to be
at so all this just to tell you out
there at home then if you have chocolaty
skin caramel all the other flavors that
I mentioned that aren't quite vanilla
you need to go ask your health care
provider and things to get about the
people all times just that it's very
common and since vitamin D deficiency
isn't something you feel know what I'm
saying it's not like an iron deficient
seems where you are very fatigued um you
can go your whole Lots out normally
don't have enough vitamin D she said
it's very important to know because
vitamin D strengthens your bones
it helps grow your bones that it also
boosts your immune system so that's why
I've been sitting this whole some time
so yeah she spent cash while you're
young because osteoporosis and all that
you know so yeah
working wives public service
announcement from Evelyn here in the
YouTube talk to your doctor alright bye
