Lesley Crowley common YouTube it's me
Evelyn and this is a requested video
that's been way too low in the making I
apologize it's been requested by BAM
this chick you live to learn that should
be the words right here this video is
going to be about deep conditioners
let's get it out first off I think it's
important sorry Harry Potter is on in
the background alright let's start off
put the deep conditioners that I use my
head straight relaxed hair
I didn't usually I didn't take care of
my relaxed hair when I went natural
everybody talking about the conditioners
of protein and moisture and the threat
balance and you know softness and crispy
ow I was so confused because in my
opinion when you have straight hair it's
a lot simpler you don't leave this
tangle as long as it was swinging it was
good to me that was my point of view and
so figuring out what you want to achieve
with your deep conditioners and my
opinions the first step and I did not do
that I just saw that I needed that deep
conditioner and just started getting
stuff that's in deep conditioner that's
not of course the most financially then
again it was the first time of me having
natural years so there's some confusion
about is this what it's supposed to feel
like like you know I don't know what the
optimal softness of my natural hair
supposed to be oh I tried Jessie curl
the conditioner the foods calm or Jessie
curl
Touche like shea butter Touche get it on
conditioning and that was all right you
know like like I said I didn't know what
my hair was supposed to be like so in my
opinion if the conditioner made my hair
feel the exact same way as it felt
before I had good to be premature in it
you know one that good and for me that's
what the Jessica deep Englishman's day
but I should also add that I could not
use that product since then so now that
I know what I want and now that I know
what you know
good hair or my glitter feels like maybe
if I were to go back in
that parts again I have a different
opinion but you know as far as the price
the smell you know the texture they were
all pretty solid in that regard then
after that I decided to use Neutrogena
triple moisture it came a little too
like this and I just got a bad CVS it's
really no big deal it was like $8 and
again the consistency wasn't that fit it
was like a regular conditioner so I
didn't really understand why it's
separate you know what I'm saying and I
was also struggling with that you know
there are so many different names for
anything that'll leave in conditioner we
got a regular conditioners but some
people use their regular condition let's
leave in you know what I'm saying
and then some people just put in a
regular condition overnight and then
suddenly call it a deep conditioner so I
was just confused you should be in a
triple moisture it got the job done I
was able to detangle with it as well and
that's before I hadn't started using my
twist um method technique of doing
everything to my hair I was still doing
everything in afro puffs with loose hair
so it's smelled like medicine kind of
like a hospital I don't really know it
smelled like I don't know how to
describe like a salon you know like this
month smells like hair I don't know but
um I would not purpose that again but
like I said it's not gonna made my hair
any worse it just didn't boost it up
like I know some products can rise back
alright and I used my honey child's
honey deep conditioner and that would
actually made my hair worse I rinsed it
out my hair was even drier then after
like shampooing my hair I don't think my
hair likes that much honey and that's
why when I try honey hemp conditioner
it didn't really Wow me kinda makes my
hair hard then I tried that baking soda
deep conditioner bad that everybody was
going through at the time I've got a
video about that and even then you can
see that I wasn't really pleased didn't
really do much of anything you know that
was me just playing around getting
excited watching people's YouTube videos
and not really again knowing what my
hair needed or wanted at the time it was
being told it's very abrasive that's why
I use it to scrub crap out of your pots
so it's not the best for fragile for
being forcing air it's not don't do it
stop no I mean watch that video for
entertainment I guess we don't then came
along Miss Jessie's super sweet back
treatment oh that stuff is really
expensive really really expensive but it
is the truth with the capital u that
deep conditioner makes my hair go to me
soft apollon contact
I'm not saying after 75 minutes of
sitting under and dry with a shower cap
and a here at therapy thing I'm saying a
comment contact my hair separates and
loosen it and just receives all of the
goodness of magicians super sweet back
treatment and guess what you guys that
product is not organic
nor is it natural 100% I can't explain
it you know it my hair approves you know
I'm saying
it smells like bubblegum cotton kid
cherry coke not my favorite smell in the
world
honestly I don't like the smell but it
works so well that I don't forget about
the smell you guys I'll walk around
smelling like a six year old girl I
don't care this I can detangle with it
literally watch maybe one TV show twenty
minutes is really all you need this in
your hair when you rinse it down your
hair is soft I don't want anyone to get
this part because I said so but I'm just
saying you have $9 sitting around
I think it's nine dollars so you wanna
buy the two ounce little travel signs of
this to test it out I like it because it
is super super super thick it will pour
it won't / it won't drip it won't
nothing it's staying right here
so at this point in my hair journey I'm
kind of getting you know okay I got
softness I got that down but I can never
actually afford this in real life it was
a gift from the Miss Jessie's event in
Austin Texas there's the video on that
it was a gift so I have yet to buy one
for myself I tried a new brand for
naturally cool calm called spiral
solutions he is just a jar for showing
apprentices um this is the spiral
solutions deeply decadent moisturizing
treatment black currant and sage tea and
it is just as thick as mr. Jesse
super-sweet back treatment and when I
trying for the first time I thought oh
my gosh did I find a cheaper version of
Miss Jessie's can this be real life but
it's this much money
but eight ounces looks like clay and
that's the texture when it comes to be
conditioners some people think that's
too heavy for that hair and usually
those are people with a very loose crow
pattern smooth to the touch like a bit
whereas me just wait down whele hair
down and I have my honey child's all of
you like I love you catch me up there
and it's BAM this much money this is a
conditioner I was skeptical about this
because you can hear it
it shakes it pours it's not like clean
at all it's not like the spiral
solutions and it certainly isn't like
Miss Jessie's super sweet and sweet but
I said you know what I'll give it a go
because in this house oh honey now if
mr. super see back treatments gave my
hair softness soft how the clouds I'm
doing this because I don't know
additives then this made my hair juicy
that's the only word I compete to
describe it my name was very juicy very
moisturized very I don't even need shea
butter afterwards to style my twist I
would literally just leave my twist
after I rinse this out obviously much
drier and then do a twist out needed
that was in all the deep conditioners
I've tried in my life only three have
come close to giving me what I need
which is softest pay super sweet back
treatment
spiral solutions deeply decadent
moisturizing treatment and my honey
child's all of you.thank condition okay
so yeah
hopefully this helped you if it did it
early subscribe
oh but hopefully help hopefully wasn't
too long because it's allowed us to talk
about so I'm gonna go now and watch the
rest of Harry Potter 100 my high seen
bye
