hey nice you can be back on YouTube it's
me evelyn lin camo chick but um i'm sick
just a little bit though not as sick as
i was me some and um well but the only
good news i have its
I finally got my package from a YouTube
natural Wow let's go come drumroll
please I got my product from sunshine
from peace-loving sunshine I got coconut
confidence I'm really excited it's the
first hair product that I've gotten you
I'm saying like I set out for you know
how this is 2 ounce jar of her mango
butter flavored coconut confidence it's
a here in body but ok Bob it up it's
very whipped it's very whipped light
fluffy Airy smoking smoogle it was BAM
got much money when shipping it was bam
that much money that's the coconut
confidence it smells like mango because
they got the main goal leather version I
like it smells like mango butter and not
like you know artificial mangoes you
know what when you get like cherry
flavored drink you like best how much
Harry since like four anyway that pop it
I got it because I am making when i get
my ramen I'm making kind of like the
transition to less and less care
products as I'm making my own stuff let
the acceptor shampoo and conditioner
okay
I don't know about you know cute music
and curly curling custard I might have
been anywhere close to finishing that
day and I've had it for a while and I
and I use it frequently um so when it
gets to that juncture we don't choose
but for right now I'm basically focusing
on not buying any more like styling
products you know i don't even sell my
hair like that most the time I just
square it in Washington go but this is a
busted oil twist up it looked a lot
better a lot better but um yeah it's
been a couple it's been a week I warned
hats and it's not looking right you
wanna start trying to make my own mache
but uh but first I want to see what a
what a good one um look like okay so i
bought kind of another youtube naturals
DIY business project product thing okay
um yeah i'm going to test it i'm going
to twist my hair with it already feels
amazing in my hands so probably feel
amazing in my here i'm going to use it
to twist i'm going to use it to
moisturize i'm going to use it for every
day and i will let you guys know the
results I just wanted to come in and
share but i finally got my package yeah
and that i am pretty much going to quit
buying styling product burnt sugar
pomade remember that video BAM watched
if you forgot i said that was my last
real purchase you know I was kind of
shady about it but that's what I met
that um nothing to purchase any more you
know likes with skincare products burn
took upon a was the last month yeah
pretty much all my god how to use
coconut confidence
because if you have and you don't like
it I release in a lot today because of
Sonny I'm studying this product you know
chemistry biology physics you know I'm
saying I'm an engineer you know
let me know this this problem just
speeding up my sinuses Oh real good yeah
