hey master Kelly common YouTube it's me
Evelyn and I just buy I take the time to
tell you about the love of my life this
dude has you know put up with my crazy
videos even when I sound like I'm
talking to myself I'm really talking to
y'all
he's just been with me who's always you
know kind of got together a little later
than most people would have expected but
nevertheless I just wanted to show you
somebody special I ready okay cuz he's
about to come out from behind who did
you think I was time oh boy oh God okay
okay yeah okay coconut oil and me have
been like this for the past
um maybe two months you know I'm saying
too much strong and has never let me
down okay I always come back to him
every time okay and I just want to take
a moment this video is dedicated to Babu
okay now this coconut oil
his name is Nature's Way ever gold I
know it's weird he's from like Hawaii or
something I don't know his ethnicity
this was $9.99 Babb at Whole Foods as
usual you know you can cook with coconut
oil you can eat it plain coconut oil you
can put on your body
you can put it in your hair you know
what I'm saying nice lipgloss you don't
Sam and I like products like this but
it's like multi-purpose you know what I
mean good for a lot of stuff so this is
coconut oil organic pure extra-virgin
fam you know if you want to know how
many calories this has one tablespoon of
coconut oil has 130 calories this is not
a snack you guys that will get you fat
in a hurry you know I'm saying because
it has an oil it's a pure fat so um yeah
anyways I've used this and there's a
hair inside I apologize oh my god and
you just like shave it off and it comes
out in like chunks but BAM it just melts
it's
I had this through the summer so you
know it's melted solidified melted like
I'm talking melted through and through
horrible liquid all of it but you know I
put in the fridge or just like and now
my room is not hot so how I use coconut
oil is I usually seal in the moisture so
well in that way I use it kind of as a
refresher in the mornings because what I
usually do is I take this bottle it used
to be Jessie curl odd spiraling spray
and now it's empty though it's water and
aloe vera gel and I you can spray that
in the mornings you just George George
and then put coconut oil do this motion
you know I'm saying my edges in place
headband and all and I'm set and my hair
is soft for the next you know two or
three days so I don't really need to
reapply a coconut oil the moisture but
not the oil cousin you hear my yeah so
coconut oil has really worked for me I
have another video coming up so the
three things that have really helped
changed my hair I'm not saying my hair
is healthier messing my hair has even
grown I'm just saying as far as how my
hair feels and yeah curl pattern and all
that was really just made my hair pop my
boom right a dot coconut oil which will
be another video antenna so this video
is dedicated to coconut oil coconut oil
is has been wonderful thus far
he's smooth he's silky he's you know
he's really affordable you know what I'm
saying this is the beginning of a
job yeah oh my god it's Sunday about to
go study and do did i jewel on my pillow
that's no that's eyeliner sorry sorry um
yeah so I'm about to go do various
things like such as leave a comment
below
have you tried coconut oil do you want
to try a coconut oil and I ordered
something online I've never ordered
something online tab would deliver to me
whenever I order stuff online on Carl
Mart I can go pick it up because I live
in Austin and nationally curly is in
Austin in case you didn't know so this
is the first time ever in my life that
I'm gonna recent package and I'll get a
video to you on that when it comes got
it good
