hey Leslie Kelly com youtube it's me
Evelyn and the request video on the
difference and similarities basically
comparing darkest botanical daily living
and kinky curly not today let's go so
your home when you get home from work
and you like get into something
comfortable um well since I went natural
another thing that I added to my get
comfortable regimen it's just busting
out good the afro because sometimes putz
get on that errors and so I'm just going
to embarrass myself on camera and where
I'm busted bro yeah baby it is from a
girl BAM I don't know how to say F name
heavily like Evelyn I always talk about
Kelly not today and darks botanicals
daily leave-in conditioner as my staple
leavings BAM this is an empty bottle of
kinky curly not today and this is my new
bottle of Darcy's botanicals sorry daily
me Ben can you see that can you see that
nod nod okay so you can check all these
out at bam chrome are calm I've always
found that easier than going to like
five million different websites and
entering your information I look like
you could probably to paypal but
regardless I don't have one of those
henceforth curl marcom number one price
they are both twelve dollars and they
are both eight ounces expensive but I
have yet to find anything cheaper
that even looks like we were I don't
know why my camera's doing this weird
heavenly thing they are both extremely
watery um they run I don't know can hear
that pours out like like like that a
little goes a long way for both of them
um you only need like a dime size or
what's the other one nickel nickel sized
amount bring your whole head um yeah
because the only smell it comes in can
curly only has one labor of leave-in
conditioner as opposed to darts
botanicals has um I think three vanilla
something else and is juicy peach crow
marcom only has vanilla delight as of
now I believe so oh so if you're a peach
fanatic sorry they're both very slippery
that's the reason that I think these are
interchangeable it's because they're
texture is the same the consistency is
the same the ingredients are the same in
that are not the same ingredients what I
mean by that is they pretty much stick
to natural ingredients I have no idea if
these are good detanglers both of these
are also marketed as you can d tangle
with it but who detangles at the very
end like with your leave in conditioner
like that's a lot you need a lot of
water and they leave in conditioner for
that
so we're just looking for something to
dab on your fro to make it a little
moisturized luscious these are
definitely the way to go in my opinion
um yeah interchangeable products right
here I promise I promise this is the
perk you know I'm finished with this one
and I will be finished this morning by a
sep tember we're suing out the rate i'm
doing that should really stop using so
much every day but yeah thanks for
watching and i hope this helped you
