hey there hey hey it's me Evelyn
um let me get some light going hey hope
you didn't see that I don't have any
pants on I thought I would do a what's
in your bag tag of course I hadn't been
tagged nobody loves me but um toast me
to do a video response to this I just
felt like doing something dumb um okay
naturally this is actually a bag not a
purse
I don't have I have a 1 purse and I
bought it at Ross and only take it
because I needed my good parties right
you can just be holding a cell phone and
wanting your cheese and a drink all the
same time right see the purse okay this
is my backpack I'm one of those people
who will be carrying a backpack for the
rest of their lives you know maybe I'll
be a lawyer one day I'll still carry a
backpack leather briefcase no bag no
guitar bag no JanSport backpack and I
just thought home from work so I have
not placed anything in here that would
make me seem cooler than I really am
yeah I'm talking to you green tea with
purple outside and blueberry I'm
addicted great cup of green tea no
sugars
BAM a natural ingredients dictionary red
mug red mug red of every color I have
them in yellow boots at my parents house
I drink tea with this I eat ramen with
this I put grapes in this thing like
this is an all-purpose all seeing all
mission all powerful red bug then I have
a wireless mouse times I'll be on my
computer in the living room and this
mouse will be in my backpack and a
different ring and it will be
controlling from far away so I blow up
all the things we'll be rolling around
for some reason
and my curse will just be levitated I'm
like what the hell is happening boo do
know why oh it smells walnuts honest on
fossil you know actually a name-brand
thing I got it for myself for my
birthday my turn 19 what does it have in
it of course a university co-op rebate
card yeah
insurance three dollars at Target car
going full well I don't have a car and I
can actually get to a target and this
wallet usually stays in my backpack I
have to while it's a huge one just like
this it's no professional and whatnot
then have a little one that I'm about to
show you that I keep at my hip because
it has like my ID my debit card stuff by
me at the moment my keys my notebook
blank notebook but I write everything
and cross it out and highlighter then we
thing for work have an umbrella because
it says Texas and you literally don't
know what it's like to write so
according to my computer it is 93
degrees outside
get I'm still carry an umbrella kind of
shades just have these ever since I was
I mean you don't need more than one pair
of glasses
Oh magazine and this is not mine oh no
house were Spin Magazine also now my
subscription Austin Chronicle summer
boss what's Idaho last week she was gone
a week on vacation and when I came back
to my desk on Monday I found this on my
desk
yeah potato my cell phone
it is busted crusted and dusted and all
would you look at that that is walnut
signature Warleggan how the big deal
don't you let me feel like how old you
know it's a BB much I had to conserve it
using tape because that's the only way
he also signed my ID card but yeah
hmm all right other wallet that keep it
my hips my keys be a waste so I run
around looking like a camera man
jingling and jangling fast stuff like my
license Appleby's give cardinal full
well I don't know where an app that uses
and Austin's phone numbers receipts I
take it to see inception and they'll
shoot this anyway debit card another
received chapstick lip gloss yeah yeah
random hair product Finding Nemo fruit
snap wrapper another Finding Nemo sweet
snack every sorry sticky notes inhaler
oh you can actually see it yeah
okay I'm listing this two more bags of
tea receipts and last but not least
