hey nicely Kelly calm and YouTube it did
you feel that but the what is a my
computer shake getting stronger my
what one human head needs all this
you just saying
so it's 299 which the price is is really
good but this is more about the family
gel so I'm allowing anybody who resides
in this space to use it um yeah it's not
even I didn't consider it mine it's the
community gel that's a good word this is
the community gel you just look back
your edges ecostyler you need to plug up
a hole in your wall ecostyler so yeah
this is just the clear kind it was voted
best styling gel by nationally calm best
of the best second annual um you can
check out the other stuff on the list
I'll put a link down there so nothing
too special I'm only familiar with using
kinky curly curling custard and after
they appear with jelly and those who
work pretty well and so I'm gonna see if
I like this tell you guys what I think
not gonna show the application of it
because it's the same you apply this the
same as you would apply any gel another
quick observation it is like $2.99
versus kinky Curly's like what 30 bucks
um and while you know 30 bucks my rules
and shivers down your spine there is
probably a reason that the product that
contains a botanical infusion of water
horsetail chamomile marshmallow organic
aloe vera etc etc is more expensive then
car bomber PvP glycerin try Athan the
lemon sodium I can do this hi whoa oh I
promise I'm in college
hi jake Smith legally good missing
it's against the law for so many
consonants to be together that's
probably the reason this is $2.99 and
this is 30 bucks I'm just saying I'll do
that apply the east eco styler eco
styler and come back to you with my
review all right I'm in the bathroom my
face is getting ash shihr' as the
seconds tick on so let me hurry eco
styler it is a very thick very heavy
compared to kinky curly curling custard
which is the gel that I'm going to be
basically comparing it to so it's very
thick um it's adding a little weight to
my hair as you can see it does move my
hair is not I did not apply to soaking
wet hair I put it to damp wet hair but
it was like dripping over my face or
anything I didn't do my usual deep
condition put it in braids detangle I'm
time for that that's what I'm doing like
a regimen like my ear here
but for now I'm in the mood to get clean
I just wanted to get shower rinse out
the style out of my hair and watch TV
didn't detangle my hair just you know
pulled the ends my hair was in afro
puffs 1 2 3 4 4 afro puffs and put on
eco styler in those sections and my hair
has pretty good curl definition you know
pretty good pretty good
of course maybe the back my back is
really tight it's hanging down and it's
just the back is just waiting it's
pretty lame so yeah and the rest is like
this so as you can see curling there no
residue I don't have a leave-in
conditioner underneath um so far I mean
I'm liking it's making my hair feel
thicker um I don't I don't think I have
extremely thick hair I actually think I
have
but been here as a number of hairs on my
head or fewer come on this chill and
come back to you - Joe
so my hair is dry back to its regular
old shrunken state which is how I prefer
it eco styler ego styler gel it didn't
revolutionize my life of course I didn't
apply it methodically like in my pure
web jelly video I just raked it through
huge sections instead of doing little
section by little section smoothing up
the curls run it through the ends which
really elongated my hair
my hair wasn't any more crunchy than it
is after using kinky curly curling
custard
the smell is um perfumey salon smell you
know how conditioners smelled like the
hair salon not fruity sweets not Irby
but salon II know it smells like um I
mean it does say it's used
professionally so I guess that's why um
it's not sticky kinky curly curling
custard is very sticky most because it
has marshmallow root in it and
marshmallow makes its own gel it's a
plant whether it's the leaves or the
root that's use it makes its own gel um
and that's what makes it a natural gel
this makes it sticky
this is this gel wasn't sticky um it was
just thick $2.99 I mean see I'm spoiled
by kinky curly curling custard the
ingredients are amazing so anything less
than saying things like marshmallow root
and nettle horsetail aloe leaf juice
sparkling from a river anything less and
then I'm like not impressed
um but people seem to like it
my consensus is I'm still at kinky curly
Carol once you go natural you just can't
go back you know it's one of its one of
those things it's one of those things
that's it and I will be doing um a
Hannah video soon oh yeah I know I
excite until um I will be doing a mini
twist video god be with us I don't know
how that's gonna go
um I'll be doing less other videos I got
stuff coming up um so yeah I'm tired
it's like Nana o'clock at night couldn't
go to Walmart bye thanks for watching
