I'm gonna talk to you guys about a time
a couple times I almost died
so I'm 10 years old right no I was
younger let's just say 10 years old and
we were in Louisiana cuz I'm from
Louisiana so we run Texas yet so
children are housed Louisiana and my mom
is in the living room watching Judge
Judy and I don't know where my brother
is
why my home anyways and I'm home in a
kitchen eating a snack now I used to be
a fat kid and you know I'm still not all
that skin T but I used to be out looking
at pictures yeah
gross so it was just staged though you
know 10 to 11 then 12 cameras a who
that's everybody's story right so um I
was come fat and so my snack would be
hotdogs now to this day I can't eat hot
dogs um probably because my mom ingrain
didn't mean that hot dogs means obesity
and also because of this story that I'm
about to tell you if I ever get around
to it okay so I'm chewing on my hot dog
and I'm eating some Doritos now these
are the regular doritos nacho cheese um
and so I'm chomping chomping chomping
and I'm choking and what wait what on a
whole triangle Dorito is stuck in my
throat I don't know how fast I was
eating how desperate I was to get that
hot dog in my belly but I was choking
and it was like scraping the sides of my
throat so I'm in the kitchen by myself
I'm like so in my mind comes from Judge
Judy of course she found the noid
because he doesn't really understand the
fall you know danger what's going on
she knows toe slaps me on the butt back
a couple times I'm like I don't know
that supposed to help and I'm still
choking there's a little uh uh hi like
thanks man's a nurse by the way and blah
outcomes everything so that story but
when I just what I almost died is has
basically caused me to not eat hot dogs
anymore unless it the Hebrew nationals
you know kosher beef hot dogs and that's
only when I'm forced see hot dogs like
at a carnival um so I'd only hot dogs
anymore I rarely eat Doritos actually
really eat chips a lot of things I
stopped um and every time I was Judge
Judy I think of that day
so that's death experience number one
that experience number two rewind past
that to being six years old and I went
to a private school
again this Louisiana so I went to
private school did my dad wanted me to
go to the public schools in Louisiana
you know so um private school and we
decided to have a pool party at our
friend's house because he was rich so I
go to a water park when you have a rich
friend in your class that you can go say
his pool so that's what we had did so we
went and I didn't know how to swim I
didn't learn how to swim until I was
nine so um I so we go like lalala and I
don't really have a sense of fear of the
water you know it's just as long as I
have a floaties
I will float logic right I'm smart kid
so I'm in one of those doughnut hole
floaty things so I'm in the middle I'm
just floating I'm good 12-foot deep
water I'm like yeah yeah I'm swimming
I'm swimming I'm swimming and so this
one girl comes up to me I think her name
was Amanda and Amanda used to pee on
herself every day and I would make fun
of her you know we all would okay
um I'm not gonna excuse myself I mean
the only excuse I can come up with is I
was six you guys and so she's the peon
herself she's always smell like urine
yeah and she would have to carry like
three extra uniforms and she was really
creepy looking
I don't know six years ago you need to
get your life together so she came up to
me in the pool swam up to me and she was
like I want you floating I was like I'm
using it like do you not see me in it
and she was like but I want it and she
took it off me she just grew up and I
went into the water just sunk so I'm
sinking hmm so I'm sinking and I'm
drowning I don't even know how to do my
arms I'm just thrashing - the more you
drown so um you know I was choking on
water and this is the part where I think
I almost died because in my memory this
is what I'm telling you I remember I saw
myself drowning so I had an out-of-body
experience at six years old I remember
it to this day so I'm the 12 feet right
and my memory flashes my thoughts or
something flashes to me at the very
bottom of the pool looking at the real
me drowning and then the next thing I
remember after seeing that is from my
point of view below I see my friend Nina
swimming past and so it's like I tell
myself up there to grab her and of
course I grab her and see she starts to
drowning - you know sixteen sold what
are you gonna do so I grabbed her and I
remember her saying look what are you
doing what are you doing and because I
was just dragging her down with me
then I don't remember what happened
after that
the next thing I remember is I'm out of
the pool on the concrete you know
outside the pool by my second grade
teacher miss Rivera and she miss Rivera
yeah since Rivera and I'm on the ground
choking you know crying because I was
dying and I hate Amanda that's the only
thought I have I almost died and I hate
Amanda so yeah so then we went home you
know after the field trip my dad can't
have picked me up and um mr. Bell was
like oh we had a little mishap mr.
evelin's dad and I'm like in my head a
little mishap trick Amanda tried to kill
me and so she told my dad about how I
almost drowned I don't remember his
reaction hmm but yeah that was horrible
it was really and then you know nine
years old went to summer camps last
daycare and I learned to swim
I wonder if Amanda still pees on herself
to this day 20 years old painting or so
but in two ways it's funny because um I
was I'm pretty late on all these social
networking sites so I didn't get a
facebook first of all Facebook was only
meant for college kids I didn't get a
Facebook in junior high I didn't get
facebook in college I mean in high
school I got one like the last day of
senior year in high school or something
suddenly and so I decided to look for
all my elementary school friends and I
found Nina I found like the three kids I
had crushes on I didn't find Amanda cuz
I don't know her last name
but um yeah it's cool we all look the
same except larger and of course you
remember me cuz I was like the only
black girl in the class so if you don't
remember me you have issues you
breakfast
it was green see no show though so yeah
that's my story of how I almost died
twice
