remember me and then the fifth grade
just tell you how confusing hair curl
pattern categories can be I go through
life my natural life staying on before
see like I don't know the letters cuz
that's a little too specific and you
can't really categorize everybody in
that way so I just say I'm a fool
just before um but then I read I'm on
chroma calm looking through all the my
honey child products seeing if maybe
they have a thick deep conditioner that
I could try and and I read one of the
descriptions for a product that they
sell which is a combo of two creams a
type 3 cream that's the name of it and
it's high for cream and it's set on the
description that type threes it's often
experience many different hair textures
and it said you are a type 3 if um you
are a type 3 if the sides in front of
your hair is curly the center of your
head is kinky and the nape of your neck
is wavy that's me so now you're telling
me that I'm a 3 I've been lied to
it's like waking up one day and and
realizing that I don't know you're 2
feet tall when you thought you were 6
you know it's just it made me confused I
don't think I'm a 3 because no um the
thing is all my hair dries the same
that's the that's the thing the center
of my head is fuzzy the side of my head
which you can see sticks out because is
curly like this it's not it's not coyly
isn't does it wrap around as much as the
size which which wrap around and then
the back I either have to twist to make
it match or I just tie it
because it's literally a week s and it's
not he damaged because that's how it has
always grown but interest just a
frustrated little rant remembers me and
then the fifth grade I had the moves
best suit the crispy it's what I wonder
how these are cop said no wasn't a
believer now years blue bears she got
old nice turn wrong and days got cold
