hey match the color common YouTube it's
me Evelyn and this video is going to be
about all right I'm going to be talking
to you about the products that I use I
try on a lot of things test out a lot of
things most of them is so i can write a
review and do a video or maybe i'm
looking for the perfect dot and i'm
still looking for the the right couple
of products is I prima choose from start
to finish these are the only products I
currently have actually um and I'm not a
big product junkie that at most I have
two products for each um area of hair
care and if you don't know what I mean
there's seven basic things at least for
my hair type that must be done seven or
six number one shampoo number two
conditioner leave-in conditioner did I
already say or for a deep conditioner
five styling your hair curly six styling
your hair stretched out and maybe seven
is for the special category and we'll
get to that so at least need six
products that's just my opinion some
people are a lot more simple um but I
can't really think of narrowing down any
of those for my shampoo BAM you guys
know the deal already machetes crumble a
curl cleansing cream I swear by it it is
really expensive in my opinion is twenty
dollars for 12 fluid ounces my next
favorite shampoo which I don't have cuz
I gave it to my mom um I loosens
moisture balancing or moisture
replenishing BAM here's a name and price
shampoo it's twelve dollars for a liter
with a pump nothing will last you
forever as opposed to this is twenty
dollars so this is more of a hair treat
if I so feel like rewarding myself haha
um and then the other one is a go to
staple product so i have two shampoos
that i use that's it that's what i've
been using the end currently i only have
two conditioners hello hydration by
herbal essences everybody knows this one
everybody knows and i also have nature's
gate biotin strengthening conditioner so
hello hydration is moisture i like
moisture conditioner and there was a
light protein conditioner these are what
i use but i don't swear by either of
them i will finish these before i buy
anything else but let me tell you my
plans i was introduced to a little piece
of magical heaven called Darcy's
botanicals pumpkin seed moisturizing
curl conditioner I don't detangle with
wash out conditioners because as you've
seen in my regimen videos I detangle
with my deep conditioner what is that
the very beginning of my process so um I
don't know about its detangling
qualities but I'm sure when I co washed
with this I could run my fingers through
the ends to done deal then but it is
twelve dollars from eight ounce and I
plan on getting it you heard it here
first go get here but there's one more
thing but I'm almost ashamed to say that
I haven't tried yet uyen handmade honey
hemp conditioner I know moving on BAM
the beginning middle and end kinky curly
not today is my leave in conditioner but
in case I don't want kinky curly I found
another leave-in conditioner the new
Darcy's botanicals daily leave-in
conditioner I haven't bought a full size
but I will because the sample is just so
rad um this is the sweet cream version
it is also $12 so you know these
ingredients are amazing these biddies
are amazing what's a girl to do I deep
conditioner
you guys know it I got this for free
because the Miss Jessie's event um I
worked it I don't know if you saw me
there in Austin Santa's if he were there
holla but yeah this is my little gift
super sweet back treatment $48 what is a
girl to do if I could find a deep
conditioner that did this or under
twenty dollars now I'm gonna say under
fifteen dollars if I can find one like
that that would be swell I've tried Nina
the ORS replenishing I need something
thick you guys none of this watery
conditioner and just because you put it
under a shower cap for one hour and 45
minutes no next category is um curly
styling kinky curly curling custard it
is thirty dollars three dollars yeah um
if you go to Whole Foods 25 and you
don't have to pay shipping just fun fact
and i also have a profeita pier with
jelly i use them properly i get really
great results i also use this to smooth
down my hair when i do a puff these are
my two curly hairstyle products and
there's nothing else that I want to try
so this is it next product can bridge
between the curly hairstyles and the
stretched out hairstyles my miss
jessie's curly meringue then you have
stretched out hair styling products
elasta QP olive oil and mango butter and
I thought I'd tried out because I didn't
have anything to twist my hair with
except the curly Moran at the time so I
said let me go ahead and get one more
product hopefully this will add moisture
because sometimes my hair can get dry
with this holy meringue is not the most
moisturizing up to miss jessie's
products crisis botanicals Madagascar
vanilla styling cream so that's one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven have 11 products but in case
you're in that number seven group castor
oil a bottle another bottle of oils um
my Jane Carter solution wrap and roll
for doing roller sets which I've only
done one
curlformers video fail and Jesse curl on
spiraling spray which I only use for its
vegetable glycerin so which means i can
make my own in the future and i will i
will not repurchase it so that's all i
have in my group 7 nothing crucial those
things that I don't leave me purchase
often that's it I'm tired ok bye
