hey naturally curly coming YouTube it's
me Evelyn and this video is a cry for
help um actually no just a favor really
really quick to cook so stay tuned so
you're probably wondering what I'm gonna
ask you there are some nachos out there
who are product junkies and I'd like to
say there's no shame in that but there
is shame on you um how many
five-year-olds we own a chiral hey
remember like five years old right how
many five-year-olds you know has 17
conditioners exactly there is no need
for 17 conditioners but this video what
I'm really doing is asking you guys what
products do you guys love love love that
you can't find that target walmart the
supply store that you can't find out
curl marcom what are some little-known
secrets or my secret if you tell me I'm
products that you guys absolutely love I
would love to know one of the things
that I just discovered was a fro Veda
apparently it's a big thing but you know
it was news to me so you know i love my
peer with jelly this only proud to have
ever used and i don't plan on buying any
more for them until i'm done with the
product it would substitute see how how
I'm preventing product junkie ism are
there any websites small little
companies in this from the state you're
from that many people have not heard of
that we need to be able to look out for
I just I just heard of that beta I just
heard of be mine I just heard of that so
things like that if you have any
suggestions have anything like your
cousin has an XE com shop that is doing
really well um you know I heard black
onyx 77 her shop is doing very well so
basically this is all this video is
about nothing fancy shmancy so below I'd
love for you guys to tell me the name of
the product line or maybe it's just one
product so the name of
product um why you love it and if they
have a website or e-commerce store
something like that put that in the
comment box as well and I will check it
out because I'm just really curious to
see what all is out there you know
people these days making my own shea
butter mixes I'm not on that level yet
but I'd be willing to support someone
who is on that level so yeah that's
pretty much it I'm going to make a video
right after this one so the next video
you click on will be the exact same
setting okay thanks for watching bye
