hey Tasha cookie got company - first of
all I'd like to say happy Mother's Day
to all you moms out there um I
definitely set an alarm so I could call
my mom and then go back to sleep
but anyways yeah the reason why I look
so crazy in case we want to see my
outfit let me just show you my outfit
and we really have no clothing left
nothing here's my laundry I don't know
if you can tell just how large that is
that is taking up all of my side of the
room yeah
it's almost the pile is almost reaching
the top of my desk while I'm doing lunch
I'm gonna be stuck in my room so I'm
going to make fake starter locs yes I've
been thinking about giving my hair lots
not now maybe two years from now but the
thing is it gets harder to lock your
hair if it's longer the longer it gets
and right now I'm not a breath woo I'm
bored and all starter locs our little
coyly things so that's what I'll do and
I'll see if I like them I'll keep them
on during dead week so yeah
stay tuned Poots
area here are my Quinn coils you can't
see them I'm almost done they look
really bad but and the parts are ugly
but I just have this little section so
so I'm finally done with my coil ease
they suck because the ends are still
curly as you can see they're puffy but
I'll go and fix that later tomorrow I'm
I also don't have I have like three
clips so I was just rotating those three
clips to hold the coils shirts so
needless to say they're ugly if you know
what it took time to make them so
Morocco what I had of course so take a
look oh that one this puffy ends you see
that yeah so take a look they're really
shiny
I can you know do this thing please I
can't
you know little beanie on get my Bob
Marley going you know what I'm saying
like this
it was probably hella where it was the
time but right now they're not there
they're still kind of curly because I've
been clipping them all different ways so
kind of got to put a scarf and I've been
lay down straight so yeah this is just
what I did cause Borden I want to seem
to booklet if I had starter laughs so
random video but
