hey match the county common YouTube it's
me Evelyn and I'm outside in this
illustrious beautiful weather in the
greenery and scenery of a college campus
in honor of april twenty second which is
Earth Day so this video is going to be
about natural and organic hair care
products so stick around if you love
mother earth you'll be really really
awkward to bring all my natural and
organic hair products and do my thing
outside you know cuz right now people
are walking past they're like why this
chick time to a computer screen the next
shot you see I'm gonna be in my room you
guys I'm back in my room and you can see
my tie dye shirt even better boom boom
boom first what I think we should do is
define natural and organic well number
one natural and organic are not the same
thing now a lot of it has to do with
legal standards in the u.s. there is a
usda-approved legal standards for
organic foods which by law lists all the
legal requirements not only for the
ingredients but also preparation and
growing manufacturing of the food itself
for non-food items there is no such
regulation in the United States
henceforth anything you see with natural
organic on the label that is not a food
product it's just a label sorry to burst
your bubbles but I just got to educate
y'all on mother earth we tried to save
this girl if you want to be a hundred
percent natural with your hair products
go to the grocery store and buy food
there's nothing more natural we're
naturally occurring I should say then an
egg and an avocado and that's your deep
conditioner or olive oil and coconut oil
and that's your you know
daily moisturizer that is pretty much as
natural as it's going to get now granted
just because it's natural does not mean
it's organic for a food product to be
organic like I said it has to have the
USDA seal BAM there there it goes USDA
seal of approval I mean college you got
a little fridge that's about this big so
you know I don't really put way bows in
there um I don't even drink leche you
know um I have soy milk um because that
doesn't spoil in two days so all my
products are manufactured and so I will
just go through the products that I use
for my shampoos dr. bronner's magic
soaps these use just water in different
organic oils in addition this product
these products are packaged in one
hundred percent post-consumer recycled
plastic bottles yeah reduce and reuse
kinky curly come clean moisturizing
shampoo Oh natural moisturizing shampoo
now the ingredients of this are various
organic fruits extracts oils um and
natural fragrance I don't really know
what natural fragrance mean is one of
those things you know like when when
your drink some kool-aid or something it
says natural flavors like I'm pretty
sure cherries don't really taste like
this but anyway that was off topic
Aubrey organics honeysuckle rose
moisturizing conditioner as I actually
don't like this conditioner I haven't
tried out other flavors in aubrey
organics of the conditioner or shampoos
but this particular one uh hasn't worked
well for me at all in addition to the
fact that it smells like narnia which
i'm not really down with too much way
too much herb in that check them out
their website is right here and you can
read up all about them another hair care
line Giovanni hair products and just a
little demonstration I'm gonna take you
to their website
you won't be able to see what I'm doing
but just listen hold on beauty from the
elements is chic on the streets Giovanni
organic hair care stop this music no
it's not stopping yeah they claim to use
organic things this is the smoothest
silk conditioner deep moisturizing
conditioner let's talk about the brand
it's a small brand compared to you know
our be organics or something like that
my honey child I have one of their
products and this is the honey hair mask
and the only ingredients are raw
unrefined raw honey so there again you
have an example of specifying the
process by which it was extracted so
this is unrefined raw honey shea butter
coconut butter mango butter coconut milk
and honey essential oil in terms of
styling products again with kinky curly
natural styling gel botanical infusion
of water horsetail chamomile metal as
opposed to my I see Fantasia Fantasia
gel which is siedel alcohol sulfate by
proxy Oxley you know point and made boom
and you know this is purified water
hoist horse tail all those good things
and look them up this is the front juice
I've talked about it several times but
this is the only product that I have
ever tried from them che tare organics
and this is just plain shea butter as
you can see ingredients is one hundred
percent pure certified organic shea
butter with an asterisk when you see a
nice trick would be to follow that a
straight and see what it talks about and
Asterix says contains only USDA
certified organic shea butter there you
have it this is a truly organic product
basic oils you know avocado oil a hobo
oil a quick look to look into some
products that I have yet to try would be
afro beta
curly custard pure whipped y la these
have aloe vera leaf juice rice milk
that's very interesting and a bunch of
other oils and just all around me yummy
sounding things another important thing
to remember when you're looking at
buying natural or organic you know
mother earth friendly hair products is
that it's very easy to apply the rule if
I can't read it it's not natural that
that's not necessarily true because some
products list their ingredients by their
scientific name booty is beauty Rose
permanent parka that's shea butter the
name for vitamin E hmm is tocopheryl
acetate another tidbit if you buy a
manufactured product chances are there's
some kind of preservative in that
product or else it would spoil
relatively fast
just keep that in mind as well that was
a lot of information and I left a lot
open you know there's a really wide
ranging topic but hopefully this you
know gave you a little taste and maybe
encourage you to you know dive in to the
research maybe making your own products
that both helps reduce down on packaging
um you know what y'all goes to the
circle of life you know mother earth you
and me together unified green so little
movie magic for you and that's all the
time we have for now Nash with wacom
chrome art com comment rate subscribe if
you so desire but other than that I hope
you guys have an awesome earth day and
make every day earth day because you
know what I was gonna say something
snazzy but I really don't so here's
something snazzy running man alright bye
