okay hey you guys it's me Evelyn coming
directly to youtube for my webcam and
you know how when you go somewhere to
eat out you eat right before you leave
like that it doesn't make no sense but
hold on I just got overwhelmingly hungry
right before I'm about to go eat so huh
just want to show you guys one of the
reasons why I don't do twist outs
because I don't think my hair can't
really withstand that this is a Twitter
this is a twist out you guys like this
is it's what I don't know if you can see
that but I thought twists split up twist
outs are supposed to stand up like a fro
except larger all this really did was
crinkle my hair and now I look like a
two-year-old so I don't know if you can
see that like that just all over and
like here it's straight you know I'm
saying like it's straight so this is
what happens every time I do try and do
twists or twist out my hair ends up
being straighter and not thick at all so
this is just one of the reasons why
besides the fact that i actually like my
shrunken here better this is one of the
reasons why i do not attempt said style
because resistance is futile I do not
look good with its whisked out so yeah
what I'm going to do wash the crap out
with Miss Jessie's chrome dokuro
cleansing cream condition and perhaps
detangle with herbal essences what is
this one hello hydration I got it for
the first time yesterday
um and then i'm going to try alpha beta
pure whipped jelly and just do a little
wash and go that's what my life is meant
to be you guys I don't know why I try
and fight it I don't know why I'm try
well I try to be all magical with my
hair styles I can really only rock one
and yeah slap a headband on that and
call it a day so anyways I'm back in my
dorm room as you can see sad day it's
not really where I want to be right now
got about a month of school left and uh
we'll see how it goes so I just wanted
to tell you guys that and yeah next
video should drop please soon Oh days is
maybe the next four days ish I'm about
natural hair care products natural not a
knack for natural hair as in the
ingredients okay cool byah
