so I'm twisting my hair and I just
thought you'd like to watch this is the
first time I've twisted my hair I think
in two weeks maybe you know like I said
before I don't really twist or style my
hair so I don't have that kind of time
and I don't really think some people
twist their hair because they really
can't live with shrunken head and I'm
like I don't see a problem with it or
and I actually have nothing like press a
you have no pressing deadlines nothing
like that I decide to go ahead and wash
my hair and this has been a really rough
week for my hair I've washed my hair
four times this week yeah I know what
you're saying four times not cool right
right right
just lately because of this fiasco that
I had with my hair I don't know what I
put in it but whatever I put in it it
wasn't coming out tell me why I washed
my hair three different times in the
same day why that's how belligerent this
product was I think was something ghetto
mixture I had made but it wasn't my good
oldest Jesse so I tried blended cutie
shampoo now so didn't come out and then
I just tried a good old you know sulfate
shampoos like suave really I haven't
used that shampoo in months I wash my
hair just now with dr. Bronner's the
baby mild flavor it really did strip my
hair everything which is what I wanted
to do
I wanted to get whatever that crap was
out of my hair like okay
it was squeaky rough it up with Tresemme
naturals conditioner it's that
conditioner they make either has no
cones in it combination of the trim and
that good shampoo and conditioning
finally made that hair really uh
manageable it's the curls were really
shiny and you know springy was really
happy so I'm just twisting my hair which
is it's really funny because tomorrow
it's supposed to Ranger
this is Cantu shea butter I know some
people don't have that products but I
find no problems it you just have to
follow his rules whatever product I had
used earlier and I loved what residue I
wasn't following where I had done
something that threw off the chemistry
of that products I mixed it with some
stuff don't mix crunch my natural
friends introduced it to me when she was
doing my kinky twist she put it on my
hair before she would go ahead and add
the extension and when I took out my
kinky twist my hair is really soft it
was dirty
of course it was soft usually my hair is
rough whenever I take it out detectives
cut my hair do the big chop for mini
chocolate one case I'm do the
mini-chopper before the spring semester
started I also don't want to throw off
people like oh you're here what's wrong
five days ago and what happened exactly
to come to my new classes with the hair
my plan was to not do a trim to do a
protective style for the entire semester
because I had spent my year long
transition
doing you know freestyle braids with
extensions kinky twist extensions it's
been a year of my life doing that so why
would I want to do a protective style
like that after I just big chopped so I
said Evelyn you know what you're gonna
do
Evelyn said what are you what am I gonna
do and I said everyone you're going to
keep your hair free until the semester
is over which is mid-may it's four
months of keeping my hair free and I've
learned a lot broken a lot got a
breakage so has my hair grown I don't
really know I'm not really concerned
with that because I know it can so it
just depends it's April 1st and it's
given to that time where I'm just tired
of dealing with my hair and most of it
comes from the fact that even when I had
the last hair I didn't take care of it I
didn't even wash my own hair you guys I
went to a salon to get my hair washed
that's how much I didn't take care and
so now I'm just ready to not worry about
my hair aka have it tied up and come
back at the end of the summer with BAM
on this growth I'd be of so surprised so
yeah I don't like this one the hair in
the back of my head like so the twists
are fatter
it looks like the hair back there is
longer but it's not it's just looser so
it appears to me more recap I've had a
really bad hair week wash my hair like
four times the same week it's just not
not acceptable I've been ready to not
deal with my hair anymore it's not a bad
thing I just mean it's mean I'm ready
for a break you know so I have a month
left I'll still be coming to you with
the maintenance of stuff like that
I just want my hair to grow and do hair
like bangs this is what it is
and
she'll okay I'm ready to be excited
about my hair again that's a good we
could clap now come on it's been
something that it's not new
that's why I want to say it's not new
anymore so you know you first the big
check look uh a big chop yeah yeah
revolution boom I'm ready for my hair to
be new again so I think that's what I
need that break for so I can come back
and be like oh the natural curls are so
delicious that's basically it I'm gonna
go eat and go to sleep
