hey naturally curly calm in youtube it's
me Evelyn and this video is gonna be
about conditioner okay so on like
shampoos on this video about
conditioners will have quite a bit of
information simply because I have more
conditioner than I do shampoo and it's
for this reason whenever you find a
shampoo you're really only looking for
it to do two things keep your hair
moisturized regardless of the fact that
you're rinsing it out and actually clean
your hair so once you find a product
that does those two things it's over you
found it and you just need to stick with
it with conditioners there's several
things that you might want your
conditioner to do might want it to
moisturize your hair you might want it
to add strength to your hair with
protein you might want to be a deep
conditioner you might want to rinse it
out you might want to leave it in you
might want to detangle with it there's
so many different things that these
conditioners can do for your hair it may
be good to have several different
conditioners that do several different
things and the only way that you're
really going to know that is if you try
out a lot of stuff now notice I didn't
say by a lot of stuff I said try a lot
of stuff let's start off with the
conditioner that I do not like that I
used during my transition mixed chicks
leave-in conditioner here's the price it
made my hair hard that is the only
reason that I don't like it however I
use any product I want my hair to go
soft fluffy caught me lead airy I don't
want to feel crunching this not even the
gel I use it both as a washout
conditioner and as a leave-in
conditioner like it's marketed for in
both times my hair fell hard I think
would have to dive into science a little
bit
I'm not a science major biology
chemistry now that not even close but
I'm going to have to take it there so
let's let's go when something makes your
hair hard it could be because it has too
much protein hair is protein so if you
add a product with more protein in your
hair doesn't necessarily need that it
could add so much structure to your hair
that it won't move it won't be soft
etcetera etcetera I think that's what
happened and if I take a look at the
ingredients I see there's hydrolyzed
wheat protein wheat amino acid collagen
you know proteins all these proteins
that I don't necessarily mean so that's
why it made my hair heart I think moving
into my natural hair after I did my big
chop I got tresemme flawless curls
moisturizing conditioner it is a court
this is how much it was it does the job
just like the swap conditioners I like
the swap conditioners a little more but
of course I'm not going to buy them when
I have this much left a tip about
rinsing conditioner out of your hair
you're only supposed to rinse
conditioner out until the water runs
clear again and I was calling me Mommy
all joy I'm good marine
yeah it's kind of chilly but not really
oh I don't know I'm not a bio major me
too money I have no idea where I was so
moving on after tresemme I bought
organic root stimulator olive oil
replenishing conditioner long title BAM
here's the price it smells lemony so
you're supposed to use this as a deep
conditioning treatment with a shower cap
over time you know sit for 30 minutes
like that it's very moisturizing I use
it as one of those conditioners we're
like maybe I went to the Texas State
Fair and my hair is a busted you know
after a while I've been outside in the
cold a lot and my hair is busted after a
while i've been taking tests like crazy
haven't washed my hair my hair was
busted after a while one of those
all-around reconstructive you know save
your on shampoos save your
conditioners my hair is softer my hair
is revitalized after whatever hell I had
put it through previously moving on hace
3 minute miracle moist the conditioner
has like 70s they made it it's one of
those products that is comes in handy
whenever you have a conditioner tragedy
and what I mean by condition of tragedy
is when you try to condition it for the
first time and it ruins your hair like
you're in the shower you can't comb you
can't run your hands through it you
can't do anything like stop and you're
like what am I going to do how am I
going to fix this this right here you
know it says three minute miracle but us
you know extra coyly natural my
naturally curly girls know that by the
time I've applied this to one side of my
head it's already been ten minutes on
this side three minutes it's just a
little marketing Spain you can leave it
on for longer it's not going to make
your hair fall out or anything um and I
can come through with this conditioner
very easily it's very thick oh yeah
sorry here's a
next BAM Herbal Essences totally twisted
curls and waves conditioner here's the
price do you love to do it's all right
SWA the swap humectants and swab damage
control conditioners are better in my
opinion it smells pretty delightful like
lavender and orchid you know that
flowery smell that's fine kind of makes
my hair hard kind of and I'm trying to
figure out exactly why it rinses out
pretty well my hair isn't the softest
after i rinsed out but i guess i guess
the job done especially when this was
the only conditioner that I had I mean
what are you gonna do gonna use it but
moving on to that conditioners cousin
sure but better cause in the prettier
one you know we had to cuz that look
alike and you know one is pretty
obviously than the other one yeah this
is that right here Herbal Essences
long-term relationship conditioner for
long hair just a marketing ploy guys I'm
gonna use it and guess what I love it
and if I was into the marketing on this
I would have never picked it up and then
my world would have been about 50 times
less awesome um I enjoyed a lot so much
so that i've had this for months longer
than this yet this one is almost
finished let's let that marinate fusion
of red raspberry saturn the saturn makes
this single-handedly alone by itself
solitarily the only conditioner that my
comb glides through like butter it works
on all sections of my hair and what i
mean by that is the back of my hair is
ridiculously loose to the point where
it's frizz not curl
it's pretty straight um and then all
around my head is regular you know for a
curls you know nothing you know so
difficult to deal with in the center of
my hair is Bam like curls
it works well on all types of hair on my
head this is love every day all day they
should make a pump of this a pump I'd
buy it here's a price it's going to be
the same if you can get them on sale do
that no no the lighting is going away so
yeah that was all I'm exhausted I don't
like hearing my own voice some but I
hope this video helped you in that you
got to see what products that I use in
the price
and you know college kid can do it maybe
you can too and oh yeah alright thanks
for watching
