I
hey nice acrylic on YouTube it's me
Evelyn and I just thought i'd show you
what my hair looks like in the mornings
um when I don't sleep at the satin cap
my head feels like a three-day-old twist
out
he's a kid still a lot of running around
still try to get some news
ah actually need to wash it
you know when you're not showing in till
it like just listen to your hair and
figure out when you should wash it more
than once I have realized that I can't
leave my hair and wash for more than two
days I've I wash my washed and
conditioned my hair on Wednesday night I
where the twist out on thursday and
friday i have not added any product
those two days so it's not product
build-up you know and i woke up this
morning and I my head is itching I can't
I can't do this anymore so that's how I
you know know how often I need to wash
my hair my hair is what's telling me I'm
probably going to wash my hair with Miss
Jessie's from Bella curl cleansing cream
condition indi table with herbal
essences long term relationship after IV
tengo i will add Neutrogena triple
moisture pure strength you can see me
anyway it's like it looks like this um
it's like a protein kind of conditioning
treatment and you only move it off for
one minute and I'll never happen because
of the time it takes me to apply it to
one side the other side is already bid
on here one
it so whatever but um supposed to build
proteins any of their supposed to get
and plus this was seven dollars and I
didn't want to buy the other there was
like another was like a hair mask and I
kind of wanted it but I'm gonna hold off
on buying any more stuff so i might go
to the gym I might not so so I went to
the gym after all just put my hair in a
headband
I don't know if you can see the crow
pattern twist
see that that's what it's like all over
my head I'm about to go wash my hair
will take a shower now wash my hair in
condition it detangle it and do like a
pro cheat day i'll probably show you
guys each step just cuz i'm in a good
mood serotonin is released by exercising
one two three four five and now i'm
ready to walk in sections ya later go
through the day without a way to see
patches UK ok you guys so I'm back from
the shower I never I didn't actually
clean myself those 20 minutes was just
me cleaning my hair washing conditioning
and detangling in those sections I kind
of want you to see what
this is my throat had inner cities wait
why naturally oh I twisted them you
thought they were just into the house
when I detangles and after i detangled I
just twisted so it stays we think
because even if I just put it back in
half of that doesn't guarantee the
there's conditioners still in here um
the tote the herbal essences and now i'm
going to apply on top of it neutrogena
stuff and be purchasable says leave on
for one minute it's what makes it oh
it's what makes it grow what makes it go
can't brain will they help you know but
you got the show friends and foes it's
time for change is what makes it go
that's what makes it broke what makes it
go against brain but they can't help you
know because down no
so sometimes when the promise just go
over there now I'm gonna go in shower
put the skin out wanna go in the shower
and rinse it out and clean myself see on
my tenderness free form a damn right in
front of the eye on my blog for the
donair brothers five bucks great night
and hope the Sun is love snoop in the
corners in the hospital I'll sit more
Madoff action hey guys I'm back dressed
authorized um this old t-shirt not only
by means teacher I just put on my hair
and soaks up the moisture sup rubbing it
with a tower in this is how he got it
can tell this way do to my hair
regardless of whether I'm styling it or
not stays in better ways to Congress I'm
open for spiritual growth as a mental
progress I just take each one see I'm to
take the test let's try standing in the
low conditioner little Sean would love
you remember the person who took the
time I just take organic unrefined shea
butter Conda Conda make justifies normal
just take a little bit because kind of
greasy when the anti-frizz CM the brand
doesn't matter your small clean driving
it's the Reverend Skinner new hammock in
the given and bacon it's clear without
faking the preemptive killing said is
kind of smooth it over minded revolution
back in hip hop back in hip hop back in
hip hop I don't know if you can see just
smooth it over my hair that's one
section now is making all my hair smooth
shrine castor oil it's what makes it go
its what takes your bra which one makes
it go with Ken's frame when they tell
you know but you got to show your
friends and foes atop it makes you go
again to bring honestly if I'm gonna put
a little clipping it I will no I got
this to get home OOP hello when you get
home see you guys later
