hey guys it's me Evelyn
I'm gonna test this out for you guys
I've done it to my whole head so far
except this part this week cuz my hair
can move it usually doesn't move
I just washed and conditioned my hair I
pre pooed with that RS we're gonna do
stimulator deep conditioned champion
I mean conditioner put that on a cat for
like 30 minutes then I wash my hair with
regular swab all amended the shea butter
I've only read from that bottle is
because he was in the pomp and it's like
two chords and then I deep conditioned
with rocky conditions in that condition
with Tresemme flawless cause conditioner
and the opposed to apply this is soaking
like hair so my hair is soaking wet the
top might have dried a little bit
already
I'm I do wash my hair in sufficient
sections that's why I had for each other
I'm just making a little damp and you're
supposed to take this palm-sized amount
and then you feel hands loose okay
Thomas with this hair and the hair in
the back is that it's a lot looser so
this will hang down over my forehead
which is my curl pattern it's looser
than I thought it would be and I don't
know if I'm kind of unhappy about that I
thought my he would be really spirally
my hair is more of a looser spiral that
I've seen other girls with as you can
see like this right here I mean that's
just it's uncle Funky's daughter curly
magic curl simulator basically aloe vera
gel I've never tried something like this
before
like on soaking wet hair or Harvey's was
to do it okay look closely if you can
and my curl pattern and that's what it
is like the curl
I mean you might say oh but you have
products in your hair but this is really
what it looked like before
the only real difference is now you
don't have to UM look so closely to
salvages I don't really know I just want
to try this product instead of trying it
I don't really know what else to do with
it now or what's it is so different than
doing the wash of them I'm confused I
don't know many natural style things
oh this wants to hang down see you like
that
that's my curl pattern basically what to
do
you see
