I have little afro puffs my texture
isn't really anything that crucial okay
you can see though sue that does
that's what reduction
yeah hilarious I just got back from the
gym and now I'm gonna go wash my hair
and I decided that there has to be a way
to wash natural hair without spending 25
minutes in the shower number one the
next I'm using six minute showers like
wash BAM and you're done so 25 minutes I
spent in there I only spent six is I'm
actually washing my body the rest I
don't even have that much hair so if I
can't figure out a technique or a
process now what I'm gonna do a year
from now let's double this size so I
decide I'm going to put them in afro
puffs and wash them in sections fine
down you can't see the strands of hair
but I just want you to see the distance
look how far away my hand this thing
this right here is the end of my strand
of hair this is insane
do you realize let me let me show you
some perspectives this is a bottle I'm
telling you that my afro if straight
you're blown out is the length of this
bottle like that's out to here you guys
so ups will be your mess with my hair
trying to put stuff in it to
overcompensate for the fact that I
literally woke up sprayed water in and
left yeah I felt really foolish so I'll
just play with my hair and it's I just
liked playing with it cuz it does weird
things you know when you relax your hair
you forget what you hear that joke it
looks like those times it can be like a
little surprised I don't know why this
cracks me up
okay I don't know why it cracks me up to
make my hair it looks hilarious
it's like lonely let's not even play
though my hair it's like we did you
Leslie soft I just sprayed it with water
again you guys water is like but then
after I sprayed water on it I put this
in it after I put not a lot to this me
greasy and after that I put castor oil
oh now it's like a cotton ball if you
can see how ridiculous I can make it
into a perfect
throw helmets you can't even see my
hairline right now it's just this
cupboard see it's just funny see so
weird so I'm just like stretching it
funny
here's who did us that's why I love
naturally it just does random stuff just
cracks you up every time and I do think
my record we I guess people think this
thick it is
