while I just wanted to show you how I
undo my hair in the mornings from a
bantu knot out this style as you may
have heard me talk about my last blogs
it is pretty much the only style I can
do with my ratio of natural to straight
hair I now have more natural hair than I
do straight here mostly because the
stray hair broke off but I mean still I
have you know four inches of natural to
two inches or straight so this is the
style I use and I will undo it for you
got my side scarf
even though I hate wearing satin scarf
this style has its pros and cons if you
have a lot if you have really thick hair
your hair probably won't be dry even in
the morning mine is starting to have
that problem how it's not getting dry by
morning time especially in the center
where it's really thick and the curl
pattern is really really curly as
opposed to my sides which aren't that
curly um so yeah inside okay now I will
take
see how it comes out of a twist and just
files back
let's see this is still wet you can I
can tell because it's not shrinking you
see taking it down and my hair is
stretched out now
there's no not really a distinct crawl
pattern because of the dirt but curls
have been my hair has been clumped
together and now it has one you know
crow pad reset of curls going all over
the place this is not the finished style
I'm just gonna go register now and I'll
come back and show you I actually do
probably after I dress but okay I'm back
um in dressed makeup and everything and
now I'm gonna go ahead and unravel
twelve separate my bantu knot out so
that it looks more afro and not like
random puffs thingies
okay so what I'm just gonna do is I'm
gonna take see each unravel twist and
just put my finger down the middle and
separate it so instead of being one
chunk of hair announced to so I'll just
go and do that for all of them
okay now they're all now it's gonna
close more like an afro except I still
have the lines are I pardon my hair so
I'm gonna do this tip my fingers at the
root and just try and shake it and mesh
it together
if you use the correct products which I
will tell you about if you use the right
products your hair should come out
fluffy and soft I just go wash last
night yeah cuz over the weekend for
Halloween
my hair was in the cold for a lot of
hours it needed some repairs so I just
Co washed with some cheap suave
conditioner then I put Mixed Chicks
leave in conditioner all over my hair
then I put in curl defining cream i've
been using miss jessie's curly meringue
and i decided to use a different one I
can't remember the brand name but I'll
let you know
um because miss jessie's was flaking in
my hair I don't know what that means
scientifically but uh I heard because I
put too much product look if you put too
much of the product
it'll flake the show I'm using that
co-funding cream and then on top of that
I put shea butter and then I twist so my
hair is fluffy and soft and luxurious
know the style I usually do is I usually
just parted on the side
and like squeeze it down so it's not so
big
let me get bobby pins I usually pin it
down right here
and maybe put a flower
see how this goes
and there is the finished look as you
can see it's bunch of curls
side
it's soft its fluffy alright that's the
finish look thanks for watching bye
