hey the world it's me Evelyn um deck the
halls' you know what I'm saying
mojo Kwanzaa time is here isn't here
what I'm just sliding through with a
quick announcement magical black girl
merch is now available for purchase for
your purchasing pleasure if you follow
me elsewhere on the Internet's you would
have known this two days ago because now
as of when I'm filming this there are
only four days left instead of six days
there are only four days left to make
your magical black purchase you know I
know it's fast and furious
you know I sprung this up on you but the
way procrastination and jet lag and food
poisoning is set up so now let me just
take you through the process of ordering
a magical black girl item on teespring
because that is the platform that I use
for now and it is not a conventional
store with all the features that you're
used to if you are a frequent online
shopper all right it's kind of confusing
but let me let me throw y'all in a
couple footnotes so teespring is a way
for people to buy and sell designs on
merch the caveat is though things only
get printed if enough people buy them to
turn a profit enough people have to buy
the thing to cover the cost of making
the thing it might not get printed if
enough people don't buy them in which
case you wouldn't get charged that's
where I have to come in and like really
push products you know what I'm saying
because I want the people who wanted it
to get it so when you visit my
storefront you'll see all the campaigns
that have to do with magical black girl
so I have all those campaigns running at
the same time that being said the way
teespring works basically if you buy an
adult hoodie a kid's hoodie in a mug
those are three different campaigns
three different orders and three
different shipping costs I know it sucks
teespring knows it sucks and they're
trying to figure out how to make people
combine orders but that's like in the
future so I'm thankful if you buy one
thing let alone buying something
for multiple campaigns I put my own
order in Boop y'all thought they sent me
samples no they do not
so I be I be going through it too so
when you visit my storefront and you
want to buy anything in adult sizing any
item of apparel in adult sizes you click
this first campaign right here here you
can make your selection as to which
adult sized item items you want to buy
if you want to buy a kid's hoodie that
will be in the kid size campaign you get
do you get do you get let's say you want
to buy this magical black girl
long-sleeve which I am wearing and it is
available I am five eight and not skinny
and I'm wearing a size large so you
visit my teespring storefront go to the
adult size campaign
oh-o-oh add that to list you know
anything but oh what's this you also
want to get a baby onesie for the
magical black girl infant in your life
so you go to the storefront go to the
baby campaign there's only one item
available for babies right now and
that's onesies make your purchase oh you
want fire ok stop won't stop so you want
to buy a mug you go to the mug campaign
you buy a mug it's finished it's gonna
be great all right so while teespring
doesn't let you combine shipping it does
let you pay for everything at the same
time so it's not like you have to like
buy shop again by shop again it'll
combine all those things in one nice
thing anyway all the information about
delivery times and shipping should be on
each teespring campaign if you have any
questions about that hit up the
teespring FAQ because who they got it I
have never had any problems with
shipping and their customer service is
great that's it um thank you so much for
it is left barely under four days really
by the time I'm by the time this will
get to you you might be wondering what
happens after you know the four days it
shuts down it goes away T spring shuts
it down until i refresh the store I will
do that you just won't get your stuff
by Christmas so hey if you can't get it
now that is a okay keep your eyes locked
on my social media I will not come back
here again to make that announcement of
when i refresh the magical black
business I just had to come in tell
y'all cuz he would be salty alright so
use the hashtag magical black girl on
social media so that I can see your
photo give it a like you know what I'm
sayin give you a comment show you some
love for showing me love stay magical
I'm black and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
