hey too broad it's me Evelyn coming to
you with some sort of about like a swoop
bang giving you Fall Out Boy coming to
you eyeliner lives um coming to you off
the tail end of a sinus infection coming
to you with no agenda or Jesus I have no
outline no bullet point list
I have nothing so god help me in these
cut in these are the captions I have no
idea what I'm what I'm here for I guess
I got a cut on this camera and address
this election I actually had no
intention to I made that decision long
time ago that I wasn't going to actually
address the results of the u.s.
presidential election I've had other
publications or organizations contact me
to get me to contribute a reaction
whether it's a video or written piece Oh
so can i exploit exploitative II felt
kind of like I felt like a cringe in my
root chakra now I'm a pass I'm not gonna
do a reaction there here anywhere I'm
not going I'm not gonna do a reaction
into it I actually had a video scheduled
for today instead Here I am okay and
we'll see where this goes the election
um
it seemed to go on forever can I say hey
listen can we rejoice that it's over I
for one am so happy that this portion
this chapter is cool close that up I
actually deleted all my social media
apps yesterday yesterday was Tuesday
Election Day
that morning I deleted all my social
media apps off my phone decided I'm
going to go through Election Day and the
week after that without social media was
popping off what's not popping off is it
popping off more or less then social
media would probably lead you to believe
Evelyn will find out at texted my dad I
was like pops just text me let me know
who becomes the elected president of the
United States just let me know I
actually fell asleep before the results
came in I woke up this morning it's
Wednesday - a text from my father
that's a well Donald Trump is the
president read the text rolled over went
back to sleep because I knew that Donald
Trump would become president Oh is you
shook um I knew that he would because he
has to I don't quite know what I mean by
that yet it's been an interesting day to
say the least the day after the election
because I have not consumed a piece of
opinion online all day I have no idea
what anybody thinks about anything
I watched Donald Trump's acceptance
speech which was very tame a very uh
average
it sounded like literally every
political acceptance speech I've heard
in my short life you know it's a
Wednesday I realized that without the
pandemonium of social media it's just
the Wednesday I live in Austin Texas
blue dot in a red state I know Asus
amongst the flames whatever you want to
call it it's been fascinating living in
Austin Texas especially today on beige
liberals um just be so shook like you is
so shook fan I'm like why your world
rocked breath why is your world so
rocked do you not know where you reside
do you know not what your country stands
for I can tell you what they stand for
before this election happened I could
tell you they stood for why is you mad
that's always been my thought sometimes
I want to give it back and I go as you
find is you okay is you gonna get
through this now just now you're shook
come on get I can't do it I'm not good
with a program man hurry up for me the
turning point in my mind in my life um
was August 2014 and if you go back in
your mind's eye you
or do a swift google that is when Mike
Brown was murdered body left in the
street Ferguson erupted and I watched
militarized police essentially hunt down
black people in they own neighborhood I
watched it I watched it on livestream I
watched it on vine I watched it on
Twitter
um Facebook YouTube I felt out of my
mind and when I saw when I saw that
unfold before my very eyes I was like
bad was it my Angelou our AP was it her
who was like when someone shows you who
they are believe them I was like okay no
I see you America nor see you I bet had
seen you but I really see you now for me
August was it from August February my
goodness 2014 that's when I was like got
it tanks really tanks got it I got it
loud and clear I am hearing you that was
two years ago talk about the Trump
presidency that had me shook I said okay
Evelyn this is this is where you live
you're not gonna go nowhere where is
there to go right and you're also not
going to jump off a building that's just
not really an option I have to change my
brain like I have to change the way that
I move through the world to protect this
here I'm saying that was a turning point
in my life for me a trump presidency a
Clinton presidency does not change um
what I'm finna do so I decided 2014
right um as the tank rolled through
Ferguson Missouri
what so I decided that yeah I'm still
gonna vote probably um but I'm going to
focus more on the day-to-day lives of
individuals you know I have to be honest
sometimes my google searches are like
about that elevator to space what's the
ETA on that
who's it a Chinese the Koreans the
Japanese who are got an email who do I
have to
see see together ETA Kim on that
elevator to space walk got a call
sometimes my Google searches be like so
can you grow vegetables on Mars
what's the soil looking like I learned
that the trip to Mars whenever that does
happen is a one-way trip they said it
like it was a con nobody going nowhere
you know go move to Cuba um you're not
gonna move to the motherland what you're
going to do do everything you can to
help the everyday experiences of your
people I'm ready to work and whether
that work is uplifting voices via my
particular craft which is journalism or
internet stuff hi what are me serving my
people or community means literally
feeding people somebody right now in
Austin Texas is hungry that's so wack to
me like that's the fact there was a
child somewhere who hasn't eaten dinner
because they just don't have food it's
just like for what I'm like there's so
much there's still so much work to be
done in the daily lives of people uh
laughs you know unplug amen um and just
get to work how you gonna live your
Wednesday and tomorrow amen we'll come
hallelujah and then the next day and the
next day because I got shook in 2014 two
years ago it was that was the America I
lived in two years ago I don't know if I
made any sense
um and the comments tell me stuff you
know I'm saying um tell me anything and
I'll see you at summer bye
