hey to Bob it's me Evelyn welcome to
another edition installment of the saga
that is hashtag smooth your lip the
video series where I taste and/or
prepare beverages and/or foodstuffs
alright and give you my thoughts on this
episode is for science okay because I
don't think I will actually enjoy the
overwhelming majority of what I'm going
to consume in this episode of hashtags
match your lip but nevertheless she
persisted amen you know we get an odor
you feel me some of y'all on keto some
of y'all addicted to juice and so
sparkling water is the beverage of
choice
the beverage du jour if you will as a
kid when you drink juice out of a cup
put the cup on the kitchen counter came
back any moms like ah get some water
before you get more juice
so without rinsing the cup you just put
some tap water in it that's what I think
these flavored sparkling waters taste
like but every now and again I'll
encounter one that um do a little some
do more some song I do reside in Texas
so I'm more of a topo Chico kind of girl
but topo Chico got regular lime and
grapefruit alright so I want to branch
out and in this video I'm going to try
all 14 original flavors of the koi and
if you're wondering yes that means I
have currently 14 cases of Lucroy in the
pantry right now alright so my
co-working space is gonna be real happy
when I drop 14 cases of the koi in the
office okay so about this lawsuit yes
I've heard of it no you shouldn't be
worried the ingredient in question is
Lynn Ahlul and as a component found in
many essential oils it's what gives
certain fruits and veggies their flavor
it's naturally founded plants like mint
things like cinnamon and citrus fruits
citrus fruits citrus it's like soon your
local juice bar for using apple cider
vinegar and your ginger shot because ACV
also kills fruit flies in your kitchen
so no McCoy isn't the same as guzzling
raid and yes you should Google things
before posting them on Instagram let's
continue I'm just gonna go ahead and get
the worst one what I think will be the
worst one out of the way
coconut why first and foremostly why
there's already coconut water which
doesn't taste good and everybody
watching this video from the islands
I've been there
wherever you live I've been there and
I've tried the coconut water it doesn't
hit okay coconuts tastes like baby sweat
ice cold or lukewarm doesn't matter
anyway this tastes like a natural hair
product why am i drinking cancer right
now it's not bad though it's like creamy
how can water taste creamy I don't know
alright orange no you heard my story
about um drinking juice drinking water
out of a dirty juice cup this is what
this is I don't like umm it's giving me
more orange flavored candy oh no it's
giving me Fanta no crush it's giving me
you didn't wash the crush out of your
cup before drinking water like your mama
told you to before you can get another
slice of pizza on Papa John Pizza
Friday's I know what you're thinking you
ate Papa John's
yes not anymore I don't like this lime
alarm is hard okay
topo Chico lime is delicious okay it's
refreshing crisp this is just dish soap
it's giving me dish soap but you didn't
wash the dish soap out of the cup making
it oh why didn't I start with this one
this is pure it's just regular sparkling
water no flavor it's it's water I posted
on Instagram that I was gonna record
this video and one of my internet
cousins was like Lacroix tastes like TV
static I was like you know that very
well might but I need to try for myself
and that is the American Way ignore
everyone trying to warn you in to do it
yourself I mean it's water so I'm still
drinking it you don't even say it's not
bad no complaints about pure and if I
did that would be a problem
so hey I like peach pear let's go up to
the mic this tastes like the dreams of a
pear when Adam was in the Garden of Eden
and God was like a Adam go ahead and
name those things in the corner and he
was like ah mmm it's giving me uh-oh
like before it ever
hmm I would call this pear I wouldn't
call this peach at all I'm getting no
peach it's not disgusting I am good all
right here we have lemon I do not hmm
I'm wearing I'm wary of lemon
okay so at first this was giving me
pine-sol just a touch though but upon
seeing it further
lemon is not bad it's giving me
refreshing it's giving me lemon ice
water from the restaurant you thought
I'm saying because you can't have
lemonade or sweetie because he will be
like Evelyn watch your sugar levels you
don't even saying you're like Oh fine
give me like all the lemons and I'll
make my own lemonade low-key I'm a fan
of this one all right
yeah mango now as a child of the
Diaspora as a daughter of the Equator if
you will me and mangoes we go way back
ancestrally if you will and I just I
just don't know how I feel about this
how how it's gonna pan out I'm not even
gonna smell it this tastes like
colonialism
you know what Maya Angelou was like I am
what you say I am my ancestors dreams
realize there's something wildest dreams
that's not it this is not anybody's
dream I don't know why I keep tasting
them cuz I'm trying maybe cuz I hate
myself let's say you puree and some
mango you know I'm saying you trying to
make mango lassi and you just like lick
the strainer and then you keep it in
your mouth swish around tap water
alright
passion fruit I am NOT a fan of actual
passion fruits passion fruit and papaya
but also like the way passionfruit looks
kind of freaks me out
oh Jesus
it's given me adolescent pits okay when
you were like 11 or 12 and you're like
oh no I got to put something I smell
gonna bat and you put on low fruity some
rooty tooty fresh and fruity something
about passion fruit just tastes like
girl Bo I don't know what it is about
that fruit specifically that's why I
don't like passion fruit
it just it's not bad you know what I'm
saying it's not like you know like you
walk into a boys locker room real oh
yeah this is just like 13 year old I'm
testing out deodorant but he's still got
volleyball practice apricot now I'm not
very familiar with apricots in general I
tried like a dried apricot before but I
don't think I've ever had like a fresh
apricot this is like the least offensive
I'm deadly what's the word delightful
okay hold your horses I'm not gonna use
the word delightful I'm gonna come back
to this this is the suspect let's drink
some pure
I think I like this oh no it's not
giving me colonialism it's not giving me
the pillaging of my people it do taste
like you got an apricot you put a bowl
underneath and you poured water over the
apricot and whatever water Linda did the
bowl you then drink that soy like the
water caressed the apricot and that's
what she decided to drink I'm not mad at
it it's not offensive at all it's not
offensive all right
keel on it we already tasted lunch and
that didn't go very well I smelled it oh
oh oh girl this is like skittles this
tastes like skills why is this good and
the other ones are so not I would drink
this oh it's the winner so far oh but
that's it aside and actually like it's
an zoom it gaan Gyrene I tend to like
tangerines better than oranges anyway
tastes like it's giving me a little bit
of Pedialyte here I'm Sam give me a
little of um of like watered-down
Gatorade okay tangerine orange no they
both don't taste good but this is not as
bad as this this tastes like the box
that the tangerines came in you know I'm
saying like let's say you shop at Audi
you throw what I'm saying and you know
they just put the produce in a crate
throw all the produce out get inside the
crate smell it
Key Lime still wins all right Barry okay
I can smell it from down here
oh no this tastes like Febreze doing
this chair itself it's not necessary
says what Barry is it even you know what
I'm saying
grapefruit um otherwise known as pumping
a moose waffle drunk this can't be bad
is grapefruit great who already is
nothing you know anything hmm
the random soaps at Ross and TJ Maxx and
Marshalls and home goods and I'm saying
like what brand is this you know you
don't insane no oh and here we have
cran-raspberry why why would you put
tart cranberry
mmm this is giving me sensitive sippin
on some sizzurp oh it's giving me like
Children's Tylenol the chewables is
giving me chewable children's medicine
is this the worst one yes in general I'm
just mmm I'm not a big fan of sparkling
water I do I think it's a good idea to
use it to cut sugary beverages so like
take a simply lemonade cut it with a
splash
you know like cut it you feel me so that
you're not drinking so much sugary
beverage it's like you know like a nice
little cocktail if you will I'm a fan of
that apricot I'm not gonna say it go
hard cuz don't get guests okay but it do
do go it kind of go Key Lime guess
hands-down the best flavor of the koi
everything else is just the imagination
behind a fruit yeah I'm saying
everything else is just a whisper in the
wind so that's it for this episode of
hash tag smack your lip I hope you
enjoyed it in the comments below let me
know your thoughts on any of these
flavors what have you tried what do you
hate what do you love let me know and I
will see you on the internet somewhere
bye
because mango is supposed to be sweet
it's supposed to be juicy alright it is
supposed to give you flavor mmm it's not
giving me flavor it's giving me it's
just a costing me
