hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn I am a
grown up or so they tell me one of the
cool things about being a grown-up is
watching your friends go on their own
life paths and journeys at different
paces different times you're I'm saying
well I'm just out here eating guacamole
out of a plastic cup some people are
doing things like growing humans inside
their bodies it's great I have so many
questions about this whole like
gestation thing that people do so it's
perfect cuz I have just the first in to
answer my questions hi it's my friend
Tova here she's pregnant she's pregnant
she's pregnant she's very tired actually
footage of your stomach somebody's in
there can I mean that's a pretty weird
kind of dope alright so how far along
are you
hi I'm 36 weeks I'll be 37 next week
which means I'll be full-term so I can
have her money so I can have ready any
day now don't do that okay mom leave not
today not today and not see ya
you're not coming you know not the house
but not inside this house this would be
a great story don't talk what does being
pregnant feel like not the symptoms are
like or whatever but it's self it's
uncomfortable like you got used to your
body but now it's not your body anymore
so you don't know how to like work
around it you said once that being
pregnant kind of feels like being full
forever yes it's kind of being full and
then being hungry so you're full and
hungry and thirsty and have dry mouth
and have to pee all the time right so
she's really
right now so she's like on my bladder so
like I know where the universe is
located but like ha but where is the
baby uterus grows to accomodate the
placenta and the baby
so the my uterus is like huge right now
you just look here now yeah it looks
like from here to here and then like as
when she's delivered then my uterus will
go back to size hopefully hopefully is
all of my intestines and stuff her in my
ribs okay so what are some
stereotypically pregnant things that you
do I eat I eat pickles okay I ate a lot
of watermelon and grapes I have a waddle
I didn't think of that but I didn't my
nose didn't get big that's a thing yeah
do you see me on toes nose people were
saying they're like oh it's a fake but
like look at her nose her nose was like
out here and if you see a lot of like
pregnant women their nose is spread but
mine hasn't has not nose friend
pregnancy I just want to know why
stereotypical busting out crying in the
middle of someone are like raging like I
am The Hulk I stay with a constant state
of rage because I'm liking a woman in
America so but you did have like a
caramel obsession I was I was yeah
everything over there right now like I
needed a cheesecake ice cream with
caramel and strawberry and it would be
more caramel topping than the actual
whatever dessert but you know but the
other thing is not necessarily like the
caramels raehwan why can't you just
order the caramel then because you need
it to be hot caramel and then cold ice
cream to like kind of solidify and then
the fruit was just supposed to make you
feel like you did something better for
yourself
after the 13 okay can we do that
after can we get oh yeah okay
a party guy there's a point in time
where I want only tuna fish on a butter
cracker ah spaghetti but just for a game
have a spaghetti yeah I just only wanted
it for one day and then I didn't want it
anymore
you really just want the taste of things
not the actual consumption of the beach
mmm yeah and I think that's why didn't I
gain a lot of weight either from my
pregnancy I didn't really start showing
it to like what dude through mixes yeah
what about stretch marks so thank
goodness I'm a militant guys I have not
got any stretch marks but I do I put
like coconut oil over my body and then
um what is it cocoa cocoa butter
Oh cocoa but it's probably not like the
natural one it's like the dollar tree
time right which is really it's okay
good yeah I mean I don't know what it
says the first couple ingredients and I
used to be really like it's gotta be
like hand Prezi buying prama in lucky
bra so you have no stretch I don't not
any that I didn't have before and right
and I don't have any of my belly like
some people got like train tracks did I
yeah you did that to get everybody in
the college I had train tracks we can do
it right it legal cause coconut oil
about to get deep okay
what's the scariest thing about being
pregnant uh like miscarrying yeah I also
am afraid that like doctors will try to
scare me into like getting us this area
yeah I've heard of doctors like
scheduling a c-section because like they
have somewhere to be
right like they have a vacation to go to
or you can only get cesareans like
Monday through Friday so you have to
like schedule though Swindell you're
good right
what's the most fun thing about being
pregnant is there any joy but I'm afraid
my get to eat whatever I want and
when judges me that's good and you know
that really says a lot about the
patriarchy patriarchy right exactly
cuz everybody's like no you know like if
you want that like I'm totally gonna get
that for you no one would go to the
grocery store for me beforehand no one
would yeah
I like talking to black Mama's cuz I
give me like good advice about like just
pregnancy and like usually there's are
more homeopathic ideas and like some of
my Anglo Saxon counterparts oh alright
that's one way to put it so not scary
not fun but decide what are little
annoying things about being pregnant not
being able to pick up things that are on
the floor I have to like go into a full
like sumo squat to like pick up things
or just leave it like I just like God's
will like that leads me to the next
question you you good yeah she's just
really low at all you are a teacher I am
so does teaching make you more like
concerned about being a mom or making
more comfortable with being a mom cuz
they're already surrounded by kids a
couple years in the future
right um that's a really good question
my goodness
uh can I say both sure yes less
concerned because I know I like kids you
know yes cuz if you don't like them and
you have them that's terrible and then
the other thing is terrifying is like
how like horrible our education system
is like how much you have to actually
teach and I'll yet teach in the home we
have to be more proactive with our kids
as far as with teaching them like how to
be a human being too because they don't
teach that they don't have time to teach
you that I don't temper and you my kids
ought to be humans I just have time to
teach you how to read and how to count
things I mean I still a big
responsibility though true but they
don't know how to be human my kids are
really mean so what kind of parent do
you think you will be
I hope I'm like a parent that like talks
to my kids not like I'm a friend
but like I'm someone that they can
fight in and then they're not afraid of
we were just terrified of our parents
like they probably still don't know
stuff about us to this day keep to our
diving days like me we'll talk to our
kids more about like different struggles
and stuff like that or at least give
them language to like have agency for
themselves cuz I have I knew most of the
stuff that happened to me in high school
were racist I probably would have said
it and they got in trouble so you have
named this child I have but I just want
to let y'all know internet cousins that
this child is not whatever name she has
right
it's Evelyn Evelyn Junior where is so
from this moment on I'm gonna refresh
the kid as junior moving on things that
keep you up at night and you're just
like thinking about when it comes to
Junior money mm-hmm like how am I gonna
as much cause up
I'm really like the only biological
child with my mom raised my cousin but
like so much money
yeah like middle school I was in band
mm-hmm Zippity activities like I'm have
to do another I'm gonna do a GoFundMe
like is she gonna have a healthy
relationship with her father is she
gonna have a healthy relationship with
men am I going to be like the loving
supportive mom that I think I'm gonna be
or am I gonna be like nah I hear I mean
like uh yeah not my child I think all of
us are like damaged and healed by our
parents but like what damage am I gonna
do to my kid you know have you thinking
about stuff like that what are some of
your favorite products that you're
already buying or we've already received
she has a teacher that she's gonna wear
when she come up snap a picture yeah oh
and I bought junior snapbacks cuz you
gotta balance it you're a dude
to Sue's it'll be the journey Mike gonna
say want to look like Anzio do you have
anything to add I feel like I'm at the
end of my questions just read as much
information that you can and know your
options
and when I found I was pregnant I was
pretty much like I'm gonna keep her but
like that's not everybody's decision
that's not everybody's like journey it's
not like a glowing experience uh some
people say you have a glow it's just
you're tired all the time you just say
mmmm this what is the best sleep you'll
ever get in your life though pregnancy
sleep is like comatose it's like yeah
you're like you go immediately to room
if you had this if there's like a stage
before that you don't know it pass out
do you have a message for jr. in this
video you can tell me directly my
goodness I can't wait to see you come on
October 31st like we talked about and
Evelyn it's a great auntie she's gonna
be awesome
I don't know about the jr. think so
what thanks so much for being in my
video answering all of my pregnancy
questions are you a center
oh I know I got a snapchat yeah
Magdeburg yeah he's gonna be there to
record and snapchat it snapchat me hey
you know I can't yeah are you tired okay
um if y'all have any pregnancy questions
leave them in the comments below and
Toby will take time yo man it's on my
baby star considering
