I judge people who say frustrated
instead of frustrated I make fun of
people who post those memes that aren't
really memes they're just like
declarative statements I'm really hard
to get to know but once you get to know
me you were real when it comes to
splitting a bill at a restaurant I don't
do math throw my card in the pal y'all
can break out the long division don't
ask me what I had I laugh every time
someone says sorry for your lost hey to
world it's me Evelyn those are just a
few of the ways in which I'm trashed we
all trash we all have garbage tendencies
so glad that lovey a J's new book debut
but okay because we won sophomore we won
Junior book we won't know before her new
book I'm judging you to do better Manuel
has been out since September blogger
humorist known here on the Internet's as
awesomely lovey is funny no matter if
it's 140 characters or almost 300 pages
of personal essays amen the written word
all right I got to meet lovey
over the summer I blog her in LA I
literally walked past her and I wasn't
going to say anything I was gonna be
fake but my spirit said Evelyn this must
be earth Evelyn you don't hate yourself
if you don't stand girl out loud
I'm judging you is divided into four
main parts life culture social media and
fame each of the four parts has
different chapters and each chapter is
like a personal essay in which lovey
calls out everybody on a mess and
provides explanations as to why you're
trash but also provides suggestions as
to how you can do better the more you
know you don't say when you know better
you do better never make the same
mistake twice
amen one of my favorite parts was when
she was addressing CP time and it's
ancestor African time
listen Yaga beige physicists out here
contemplating you know saying pondering
the universe meanwhile here on a whole
earth this planet that exists Africans
run on a different clock than the rest
of the human race why can't you study
that my dad came home from a wedding way
past is a bad time I didn't go
I didn't play myself but he came home
and all he said was in the book lovey
details how to be a better friend
business person social media user how to
be a better Ally to women and black
people and black women people and it's
all in her voice you know I'm saying the
way she spells things and the vernacular
she be employing like nobody can
replicate that which is why I wanted to
listen to the book also because she is
the narrator of her own audio book as
well those are pretty much exclusively
the sorts of books that I listen to on
audible misadventures of awkward black
girl narrated by Issa Rae Felicia day's
book Tana Hasse Coates Aisha Tyler I do
be having like my Swahili lessons let's
see if I'm no keys where you Leakey
don't go dancing that's all I got so
listening till I reread her own
it's is just goals every time I hear Ave
or some nyjah phrase my soul dances I
think y'all will thoroughly enjoy the
book especially if you listen to it
which brings me to audible.com do you
want to talk about Providence hmm before
this video was ever gonna be sponsored
I had already downloaded I'm judging you
I've been a gold member inaudible since
butyou thought audible is a service
website app all of that that allows you
to purchase and download and listen to
audiobooks and it's not just a streaming
service you actually own the books even
if you stop using audible I log in via
the website search for what I want make
the purchase once you purchase your book
and download it it communicates with the
app on your phone so that you can listen
to your book on the go audible is
offering all my internet cousins a free
30-day trial membership you can select
one free book I would hope that you take
my recommendation and get lovey's new
book I'm judging you but obviously you
are free to get whichever book II choose
sign up and begin your free 30 day trial
membership at audible.com slash Evelyn
that's audible.com slash Evelyn that's
audible documents in the comments below
give me some book suggestions also in
the comments tell me one trash tendency
you have my name is Evelyn and I am that
person who leaves a tablespoon of juice
in the bottle and puts it back in the
fridge but I'll try to be better I'll
see you on the internet somewhere bye
