hey dude world it's me Evelyn this is
definitely not my bedroom I'm gonna talk
about voting okay YouTube did some
research and found out that it takes one
minute in 34 seconds to register to vote
here in the u.s. girl that's nothing so
I put the link to register to vote in
the video description box and while
you're out registering in another tab I
will be here doing my brows I take a
brown pencil did you see that no you
didn't you just illustrate your brows
girl I think everybody should take their
right to vote as seriously as we take
our brows ok 1 frames your face the
other frames your quality of life
alright next you take your concealer can
you can you can you see this and then
you just fake the fact that you don't
groom your eyebrows at all I'm not a
beauty guru I don't know why y'all
watching a little blend oh right
and you just brush it out cuz you're
going for that natural look okay I know
voting can be intimidating but my
philosophy if you stay ready you're not
gonna have to get ready so just register
to vote now and do your research later
because there's so much more on the
ballot in just the president
alright how do I look decent
did you register to vote though okay
good
see you on the internet somewhere bye
