Heys abroad it's me Evelyn I have been
so busy girl like doing so much busy
things I went to Costa Rica
what's this summer color though can we
get into this summer color though
look this shoulder blade though but look
look the difference do you see do you
see that what is this melanin deficiency
in June I was invited to the very first
women of color healing retreats the
purpose is a time for black women to
reflect connect with another cultural
identity hang out in nature go to a
waterfall if I'm saying after two
flights one taxi and a four-hour road
trip to the Caribbean side of the
country I finally made it to Puerto
Viejo Costa Rica where the retreat took
place it's the Caribbean side in turn oh
saying as opposed to the Pacific side
and so this is where all the black
people be at which is why this location
was chosen for the women of color
Healing retreats you know connect our
blackness if you want saying with their
blackness you know saying and then it
combines I've been to a few other
countries outside of the US and it's
always interesting to see blackness in
another context and to learn from other
people but a completely different sphere
of history also nature so blackness and
like discovering nature because in
portoviejo you will find two main types
of terrain jungle and beach when we
finally hit the highway after landing in
San Jose at the airport further away we
got from San Jose and the closer we got
to Puerto Viejo it felt like we were
driving through Jurassic Park never in
my life have I seen a banana leaf that
big the original lodging during the
retreat looked like this and you can see
the humidity a permanent glisten
I hear the August retreat for the women
of color feeling retreats will be in a
different location than the one I was in
but I just want to show you what it
looked like so you might be sweaty it's
the jungle
it happens charge it to the game all
right but on the plus side you can spend
every single day in the ocean if you
want I'm from Texas so all we have is
Galveston all we have is the Gulf of
Mexico and they don't spill like so much
oil floating in the ocean cuz groaning I
can't swim I'm safer distance is therapy
like it's so therapeutic the fine black
sand of Playa Negra and then the sea
salt you know I'm saying in the ocean I
came back from Costa Rica
so exfoliated it moisturize that I did
not use lotion but like five days after
I came back I was so smooth and black
her first thing when you get to Puerto
Viejo for the retreat rent a bike
because just to note about accessibility
that is the way you get around now la
Camilla okay lots of plantain both
starchy and sweet um delectable fish and
scram fresh fruit smoothies with every
meal if you feel like it girl the meals
that were provided with the retreat were
all cooked and served by and in um black
women run restaurants which goes along
with the theme women of color him which
was connect the black are black today
black mmm we had afro-caribbean
breakfast at Veronica's plays she's Thea
Veronica to me now we had dinner from on
to Lydia
of the first night Murray place called
ghetto girl when I say that fish though
and girls tell me why she doesn't head
raps on the side I enjoyed being
nourished by all my Costa Rican aunties
and supporting them with my colon AIDS I
did say that this is a women of color
healing retreat so I did attend a
workshop my internet cousin Jill had a
colorism
workshop she knows she likes cake she
know it was really interesting I mean
there were so many representations of
what it meant to be a black woman
whether it was age nationality heritage
background skin tone hair texture
language like Jill is a professional
we did exercises there were worksheets
in law during the women of color healing
retreat I did yoga and meditation girl I
know okay I'm as flexible as an oak tree
was really cool to have a black girl
yogi lead meditation and yoga every
single morning
that's my internet cousin Rebecca Watson
there were affirmations that were
recited during the meditation that were
provided by the women of color healing
retreat they affirmed us okay and kind
of set the tone for what your mindset
should be during your time in Costa Rica
Rebecca is so good that after her class
every morning stroll by class I felt
more well rested after that class than I
did when I woke up from a complete
night's sleep Rebecca I want to
shavasana with you into the sunset so
yeah thank you to the women of color
healing retreats for sponsoring my chip
to Costa Rica the first time I've been
to a country in Central America I will
put all the relevant links in the video
description box down below where are you
from Texas in the comments below let me
know if you have any travel plans local
or abroad and I will see you on the
internet somewhere bye
