no not doing that we're not doing that
ridiculous you are ridiculous no nope
okay how about last year I quit my job
and didn't get another one I like to say
that I am fun employed so what do I do
with my time you ask go on with my
father who I'm sure it's worried I have
been focusing on my creative endeavors
like screenwriting I really want to be a
working screenwriter there I said it
annual storytelling is something I know
I have a knack for you feel me I don't
know all the technical aspects of that
specific craft so I'm teaching myself
taking classes writing stories
fade-in interior bedroom early morning
she's perhaps the cutest main character
of a pilot ever in the history of
television oh that's good Rhonda did say
write what you know and watching a lot
of Netflix but it's research
in general I'm trying to read more
journal often and find as many creative
outlets as possible during this time
surprisingly I've also been cooking a
lot more between my full-time job in my
side hustles you know I got a 9 to 5 and
then the 6 p.m. to 2 a.m. I didn't
really prioritize good eating habits and
my health really suffered I was a night
drive-through ok you already know me
please give me two dipping sauces don't
skimp now that I'm unemployed I'm that
person in the grocery store at 10:30
I am randomly would all stay-at-home
moms looking at the broccoli selection I
love to research recipes try things out
of course adding seasoning ask for the
ancestors guidelines and not the recipe
and I cook delicious and nutritious
meals multiple times a week Who am I
perhaps the biggest park of willful
unemployment is getting to travel more
and traveling whenever I want I'm gonna
worry about nobody's PTO ok shout out to
my savings account cuz now my whole life
is PC Oh this year I went to Kenya
Nigeria London New York girl I went
camping here in Texas I went to VidCon
Sequoia National Park Long Beach Atlanta
Chicago Cleveland San Francisco Big Sur
and I'm not gonna stop okay I'm on my
Carmen Sandiego in general my fun
employment has allowed me to kind of
slow down and focus on what I want to do
what I want to learn be more creative
and build better habits for the next
phase in my career and in my life wanna
go eat make me a tech youtuber shout
outs a Chromebook for sponsoring this
video they sent me the HP Chromebook x2
it's got a 10 hour battery life amen
which is great for flights or for
binging I mean researching shows on
Netflix it's versatile and has a couple
of different setups depending on what
I'm using it for so you can detach the
screen from the keyboard flip it around
and set it up like clamshell style I
also take off the keyboard and just use
the screen when I'm watching Netflix or
you can just like fold it up normally
and type with it while you're looking at
the screen and that's how I use it most
of the time
and of course it comes with easy access
to all those Google products that rule
our lives okay if you follow me on
Instagram stories you know I'd be
struggling through my gmail anti
calendar block to make sure I don't
waste this precious time and I've been
using the stylus for all my doodles okay
fun fact all the handwriting in this
video is my own but I'm just one girl
you know what I'm saying so to learn
more about Chromebook visit the link in
the video description box in the
comments below let me know two things
you'd finally get to do if you were
funemployed and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere
