hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn I will
readily admit that I'm one of those
people who listens to a song for weeks
without really paying attention to the
lyrics and the thing of it is it don't
really take much at all okay but when
the beat got me it got me alright I'm a
prisoner to the production okay mustard
on the beat so the other day I was
finally listening to a Drake was
actually saying on one dance and I
noticed something got a Hennessy in my
head what do you know not that I mean
yeah
oh yeah I didn't know but keep going
soon as you see the text flying now we
all know that Drake or at least his
lyrics are highly emotional high
maintenance and like high key mid key
high key emotionally abusive like Bowie
wasn't fooling nobody with hotline bling
ever since I left the city you got
friends guess maybe if you mean like the
city so much this won't be a problem huh
did you ever think about that huh huh
notice he didn't say as soon as you read
the text as soon as you see the text
reply me see Drake and I couldn't be
friends we would always be fighting
because I Evelyn from the Internet's do
not text in a timely fashion it's hit or
miss really with me as a matter of fact
I just got a text while filming this I
just got a text from my father call me
by my middle name so you know it's real
and all he said was really yeah she
gonna reply it today or next week 30
minutes or three days I mean heaven only
knows I know it annoys people but in a
world of like so much information I
often feel like overwhelmed you know
text messages and emails it's just too
much input you know I don't want folks
to be out here feeling abandoned ignored
neglected the biggest takeaway from
having a texting relationship with me is
that you have to understand and
internalize that my lack of response has
absolutely nothing to do with you or
what you said psychology
I will also be woman enough to
acknowledge that I am a complete
hypocrite in this regard when it comes
to my family I screen calls and text
messages but if mommy and daddy don't
take me back in point oh-o-oh seconds
i'm calling 9-1-1 Dodger glaring also
gives me pause because I firmly believe
that Drake is the type of person to text
hey or like come through thr you I don't
want to see him as a WYD type texture
you know I like this more like a Bryson
tiller you know insane I mean in general
I feel like people treat texting like
they treat the phrase ASAP ASAP means as
soon as possible not immediately right
now it is not possible for me to respond
to your text I need to clear my brain
first sometimes I just gotta like slow
down you know be present be in the
moment ruminate on the text message for
like a few days anyway um in the
comments below tell me if you are a
punctual texture or not are you a Drake
or are you owe me and I'll see you on
the internet somewhere
