today went a little something like this
exercise nice and check I know I'm here
staring at you you look good by the way
hey two brothers me Evelyn so here we
are we find ourselves at a crossroads
this is the part where you and I though
thus far we've journeyed together must
take our separate paths I go my way into
you yours but oh what a time we've had
for this our last vlog in April I will
reveal to you for those new here uhm
what our internet cousinship
cousin tree means to me okay to us what
is this thing that we got as your cousin
you know I give you life but you also
know I'm trash you can't depend on me
like a brother
you can't call on me like a mother I'm
in the shadows swinging through to the
family cookouts and make me a plate then
dip it's a cycle but you are you know
how I feel about you we're here
sometimes I might be there okay and not
here but we're here you know man I tell
you I have enjoyed this fellowship okay
and God willing I'll be back soon you
might need to call on him you know I'm
saying on my behalf the key to getting
another video is to never ask for
another video I have 600 trust me that I
know how to cut a camera on so when I
want to cut on the camera on camera go
get cut oh I just don't respond to that
sort of like energy and pressure you
know like I linked it let's just let it
flow and just like let it come to don't
know what to say he's a bit too sweet
mostly better though as we gone we
remain
but all the times we spent together
everybody got that one friend who sing
way to are why are you seeing so hard
what all the riffs and runs doing is
unnecessary Canyon Church version as we
go oh we leave em bah ha time is that it
or those even the work yeah yeah I don't
know y'all this isn't goodbye
but like kind of yes kind of it is thank
you so much for watching my shenanigans
online sharing my shenanigans online
participating in my shenanigans online
via the comments section you have my hot
my ops is this one rights hey you happy
without you Veda is like low-key
pointless hi key loci key is pointless
don't do that don't cry don't you're an
ugly card can I be honest you're kind of
an ugly crier can you not in the
comments below
just give me what you got and I'll be
back when your guess is as good as mine
but I will always see you on the
internet somewhere bye
