Beyonce so what are you gonna say at my
funeral now that you've killed
hi I'm Kellie Pickler and the CMA Award
for Best Female Vocalist goes to be I
hate who brought us me Evelyn
Beyonce was giving me waiting the exhale
meets their Eyes Were Watching God Eve's
Bayou meets Lisa left eye Lopes she was
giving me Iyanla fix my life but with
better boobs better advice actually
fixing lives she was giving me first
corinthians love is and then tina turner
what's love got to do with it she was
giving me set it off meets that circle
of hell where the weekend lives i hope
he's okay she gave you Idlewild she gave
you Nina Simone Nefertiti Venus de Milo
IANA say pulled out the VHS tapes gave
us the past she called on Trayvon Martin
Mike Brown and Eric Garner's mother to
give us the present okay and then she
surrounded us with visuals of the black
future Kevon janae and blue ivy the
black future mandolins and diet Beyonce
called James Blake out of whatever
forest in Narnia he resides in to give
you British Aaron Neville tees she
called Serena Williams one of the
world's best athletes and you can fight
me on that just to look back at you said
hey Serena I know you're busy but I'm
working on something and it needs a
little Janis a quoi in your size are the
only thing that speak that language
are you free Wednesday she's giving me
condom bleh she's giving me your boss
she's giving me South with an F Beyonce
said in case the imagery thus far is
lost on you let me insert the voice of
Malcolm X to help me communicate what
I'm trying to say I'm black kitty but
but but listen me and my girls are gonna
book a retreat right now in the Texas
Hill Country we're gonna wear our hair
product free if you got baby hairs
where's that you got afros where's that
gonna soak some greens you're gonna walk
around barefoot we are going to be
dressed in the latest doily fashions and
you could stay mad
I thought lemonade
a sec what about you tell me the
comments follow me on Twitter because
that's where I live tweeted the whole
thing and I'll see you a minute
somewhere
