so one of my internet cousins is a high
school teacher and it's prom season
right now so they asked me to talk about
my personal prom experience grads tell
me why they nominated me for prom queen
I had um hated world it's me Evelyn in
school I was pretty much a nerd one of
the smart kids United say AP classes IB
classes straight-a students you know I
didn't really go anywhere you can
imagine why I you know like I wasn't in
the mix you could say I was not if there
was a mix I was not in it so prom rolls
around the couples and the nine couples
we all got a limo and we was you know
rolling in style it was a white limo my
prom dress was bright yellow my nails I
got french tips for the first time I'm
so square yeah square ugly gifs are not
cute but you know I wanted I thought
that's what you did you know saying you
get the French tips
get them so I got them my first sewing
that someone looks so regular dead Euler
it just looked like my own hair but like
three inches longer loci my inability to
take care of that we've led me to go
natural within the first year of college
so we get to prom late so me and my
friends are walking into the banquet
hall and trying to find our table right
we're walking or walk and one of my
friends let's call her a Clarisse and
like every few feet that we walk
someone's like like I voted for you I
hope you win girl it didn't even dawn on
me that there's a competition to be had
during prom
I'm sure if I might able get my mocktail
okay my Shirley Temple you feel me
Evelyn Clarisse I totally voted for you
so in my school apparently it wasn't
like you know TV shows the movies where
you nominate the prom court before prom
it happened at prom
so the nominations and then the winner
would happen at prom the teacher whoever
says okay and the nominees for prom
queen are dah dah dah dah dah dah
Evelyn oh ha ha
Clarice girl first
I'm not popular second of all which is
still first of all didn't know that
y'all who I was and understanding
they're like never in a million years
that I think I would be nominated for
prom queen I literally got my first
weave a week ago
I'm not Queen material okay and then the
winner has announced it's not me and
it's not Clarice and that's cool because
I never knew in my wildest imaginations
that I wouldn't make it there and then
we enjoy the food enjoyed the music went
to my friends house afterward and we had
a average time I don't even think I had
a high browse at product definitely come
things I definitely did not have
eyebrows on that prom yet and still I
was nominated for prom queen so let this
be a lesson children that if you just be
yourself people will not go rise and now
a lot of those people are either married
or they have children you know I just
make internet video so um who won in the
end
I don't know all the moms at that time
like Oh senior year is the best time of
your life and I rebuke to that at that
age I rebuked that notion so heavily
we're telling you that this 12th grade
is the best time of my life
I rebuke but rebuke high school was me D
Oh Kurt okay uh in the comments below
tell me your prom experiences are you
popular like just give me the T like
what's going on with you in your life
especially if you are a senior in high
school right now see you on the internet
somewhere I'm gonna go watch Beyonce
