I have a dream that one day blacks and
whites can turn up together in peace and
unity and actually agree on the
appropriate dance move hey it's a world
it's me Evelyn in college I went to a
PWI a predominantly white institution
PWI as opposed to an HBCU a historically
black college or university and at only
4% of the 50,000 student body population
the chances of seeing another black
student in my classroom were
statistically very low that's why God
invented parties alphas Kappas Q's these
black fraternities and their
extracurricular activities kept us
connected but the party I'm gonna tell
y'all about today sticks in my mind only
because it was interracial I think it
was the Kappas a black frat had a party
in the Sammy house Sigma Alpha Mu a
Jewish frat
I'm sure they're open to all faiths
these days but I know them as the Jewish
frat the party was live thanks to the
musical selection of the Kappas and we
actually had a party in a house thanks
to the other frat being white so it was
great we're partying together consuming
beverages in one Accord white boys are
grinding in the background off B MLK is
smiling down on us and then it happens
somebody cuts all knuck if you buck
crime mobs 2004 hit knuck if you buck is
the hip-hop equivalent of a mosh pit
because you might very well get stomped
out back there are so many things that
make this song amazing one of which
being that the women in the song are
just as violent as the men Equal
Opportunity bloodshed so somebody cuts
on knuck if you buck within the first
two seconds every black person can
identify what's finna go down adrenaline
is released into all of our blood
streams in unison and every black kid at
this party drops whatever or whoever
makes their way to the dance floor to
throw bow you know those moments when
you realize not everybody is like you
tell me why some of the white boys are
still grinding but grunting gyrates
never let go of the girl never changed
pace
knuck if you buck is a smooth 7,000
beats per minute still swim this dance
to knuck if you buck
meanwhile the song is literally saying
that she's like Saddam Hussein Hitler
and Osama bin Laden meanwhile they're
saying that they will literally punch
you in your nose and stomp your heads
for the ground pistols are involved in
this song I mean my friends are shocked
we start knocking to watch how long will
they grind to knock if you buck never in
my melon ated life have I ever seen
somebody gyrate to Crime Mob - beige
buddy's sweaty and swing in sloppy
inebriation not even to the beat what
the meet hilarious busted out laughing
that image is forever burned into my
mind I will never forget watching white
people slow-motion for me grind to knock
if you book anyway I'm always a big fan
of cross-cultural parties and you never
saying get togethers they're always an
interesting time at least if they're not
fun they're always interesting if you're
in college right now and you're watching
this find the Indian fret where you go
to school go go to the parties they're
lit in the comments below I want to know
any cultures collide type stories maybe
they were your roommate or you went to a
really awkward wedding or just you know
across cultural exchanges can be
hilarious so I'm going to hear them and
see one internet somewhere
