what's the longest grudge you've held
against someone me I wasn't allowed to
be poked honest Halloween 1994 maybe it
was 1995
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn it's
why I'm minding my own pre-kindergarten
business and the teacher says hey
halloween is coming up I'm like cool
don't really know what Halloween is I'm
intrigued
tell me more to my understanding it is
it and--which we get to dress up and eat
crap tons of candy
two things I'm down for I'm hype I know
exactly who I want to dress up as for
Halloween there's this new movie that's
popping in these streets called
Pocahontas girl it's fire or asked the
grinning Bobcat why he grinned you paint
with all the colors ah ah a little wind
oh okay we're not to that genre of music
yet it's 95 I'm so excited I asked my
parents hey this Halloween theme coming
up teacher said we can dress up what is
gonna be my parents tell me that
Halloween is the devil's holiday
forgetting to understand that I don't
know who the devil is who is the devil
why do I care so what you're telling me
is I can't participate is that what
you're telling literally everybody is
dressing hot mom it's not beer mom
it went bunch I was not to dress up for
the Halloween festivities this devil guy
I was devastated do you know how painful
it is to walk through the aisles of
Walmart of a target of a CVS or rite-aid
I don't know what we had up there at the
time and just sealed walls of costumes
surrounding you you can't have them
other people who are not nee are going
to be Pocahontas for Halloween so time
comes for the Halloween party I go to
school look like my regular devil
herself and my friend Christopher is
dressed as Gumby he is so cool Wow
Christopher you look great
my parents compromised with me you know
I still don't think it's much of a
compromise but you know the adult in
me now sees that they really didn't have
to do that at all they wouldn't let me
dress up in a Pocahontas costume but
they got me a Pocahontas branded
turtleneck I believe it was with the
print was just Pocahontas over and over
a suede vest Pham a suede vest with
fringe at the bottom I believe it was if
I'm remembering correctly with beads at
the bottom so you know instead that that
was as Pocahontas as they were gonna let
me be the longest grudge I've ever held
since I was four years old this is over
two decades I stuck it in my brain kept
it in my brain waiting plotting for the
first moment for the first chance that I
would have complete autonomy over my
person who was I in college during
Halloween goddess I mean then I got you
know a little more vogue and realizing a
cultural appropriation you know my
culture's not a costume like cetera
except in the comments below tell me the
long discouraged you've ever held I've
been loving else comments by the way
it's like my favorite part of posting
these videos I'm about to go read the
ghost stories from yesterday's video and
I'll see you on the internet somewhere
uh
