my daughter's on fire here hey my
brother's on fire efficiently enough I
sound exactly like Alicia Keys cool hey
sue brother it's me Evelyn so little
facts worried about me in my childhood I
was I got sick a lot there are photos of
me just trying to partake in regular
human activities like I can barely stand
but I'm holding the glass of sparkling
cider I'm just trying to ring in the New
Year you know I'm saying Ike I'm just
trying to hold on whether it was
allergies with my eyes swell shut or
actual viruses like I was just sick mmm
so when the spirit of sickness is past
and present I'm going to tell you all
the story of how I was one of the first
people in the City of Austin to get the
flu this was a couple years ago I had
just got back to the states because I
was visiting doing in South Korea watch
the vlogs girl yes I went to South Korea
I was there for two weeks I come back
boom I get sick oh but this was
different
instead of getting better over time I
was getting decidedly worse I can't
sleep I have to sleep sitting straight
up or else I'll die when I wake up in
the morning I'm on fire I'm so hot even
my skin is too much my pillow is wait
a normal person would call on a friend a
loved one you know they mean a co-worker
even but not me I'm driving so
recklessly I didn't realize how
delirious I was and it was nothing but
soft God that I made it to that hospital
in one piece I swing to left
thank God I didn't hit the guardrail
because that's how reckless my left turn
was I was so loosey goosey I was not
even in control of my motor skills yet
I'm driving a motor vehicle so I'm on
this grimy can I say grimy clinic floor
laying down because what is
what is an upright stance she takes my
temperature and gives me that look you
know if you ever been just reckless with
your health the nurse or the doctor
gives you that look like now why did you
what I have a hundred and 3.5 fever I'm
sitting there on that little table with
a grey t-shirt and they're sweat like
I've sweat through my clothes the doctor
says oh my goodness you have the flu
about three months early she said I
don't know if I have the proper flu test
for you I'm gonna give you last year's
flu test I was like whatever she swabs
like the inner workings of my sinuses
you're the first case of the flu that me
or my colleagues have seen I scare her
drive to the Walgreens the CVS wherever
this pharmacist reads the prescription
and looks at me
Tamiflu looking at their calendar like
it's not flu since I know it's not glue
seasick ma'am I don't know if I have
this medication yet they go in the back
they actually have medicine you know
saying there might be from last year I
don't know the expiration date I go home
stir up in my bed
take the Tamiflu and within a couple of
days I'm fine I'm peachy I tell my
parents they're a little angry you know
so my good co-workers my boss is like
very could you could have just one of us
would have taken is the hospital listen
I'm an independent woman okay and the
comments below I don't care
haha see I'm in it somewhere
