my throat feels like I'm gagging on like
it's lined with fabric softener dryer
sheets I'm sick hey YouTube world it's
me Evelyn on top of that sore throat my
allergies is acting up so not only is my
throat sore you know Sam from the sides
you know in the larynx but also like my
thought is itchy like the roof you know
you know saying like I want to do that
all day what I really want to do right
now is overdose on costumes just enough
to REM cycle but not like so much that
my heart rate slows down I started
feeling like poop on a stick yesterday
but you know I pushed through put out
that BuzzFeed video shoutout to
everybody who commented shared it Yatta
real ones also shout-out to people who
didn't know what was sarcasm I can only
pray for you my prayers are all I can
give if you're new to my channel Gotti
boonie that's pretty much the extent of
my Swahili but I should let you know
that I'll probably disappoints you soon
because like my internet cousins now I
don't really do the whole posting on a
schedule thing and it stays like this
that I'm reminded why I don't want to I
don't want to I don't want so be yeah
yeah yeah that's it yeah do you yeah
these days if I'm sick if I'm sad if
life snatched on my edges in the middle
of the night you know I go ghost I go
away but sometimes it's not even that
deep it's as simple as I'd much rather
be doing hard right things with my
friends like I haven't gone anywhere
because I'm filming a video every day
YouTube is where I go when I'm feeling
energized creative perceptive took world
around me
perceptive receptive because I believe
in like energy
you know I'm a big fan of superwoman
here on YouTube even though I'm an easy
decade older than the average subscriber
of her channel she has a main channel
and a vlog Channel and her daily vlogs
stress me out she's either
sleep-deprived you're really busy or
scrambling or stress it's just like I
just want to like caress her hair you
know I'm saying like I got you on the
coconut oil pre-poo treatment both are
people use coconut or I've got you both
that energy you know like that frantic
energy exhaust me so like now I kind of
just pop in you know on her channel
watch a vlog like every two weeks
I feel so Hana Anand I don't know if
honors too strong of a word I get
comments that say something like I was
having a bad day this brightened my day
um you know I was sad but I'm not
anymore it's the first time I've laughed
all week irie see like that's life I
received the entirety of my life mega
sister feel good you know I'm saying got
my love tank on you know full you know
what I mean it's definitely cool that
being said whenever I'm feeling less
than that less than whatever makes these
videos that I enjoy and that you enjoy I
check the deuce I go away but I'll
always be back eventually that's it for
today I'm going to go edit this drink
Michael straight out the bottle what is
a measurement and see you on the
internet somewhere
