to the person who stole my license
plates on Saturday the crime you
committed with the getaway car better
have been so true hey super honest me
Evelyn
today's story while completely true like
all my stories is unscripted unplanned
unexpected the Saturday that just passed
girl this just pectus just happened I
was minding my mary black business
living my life like it's golden in my
house on Saturday didn't really leave
the house I was editing you know saying
I was filming hope you enjoyed those
videos they'll be linked in the
atmosphere above and you know 4:30 5
o'clock rolls around why am I doing this
I'm supposed to meet up with join we're
gonna go eat gonna be fabulous you know
I'm saying nourishment for the Soul
insane Chicken Soup for the Soul so I
walk out of my apartment you know I'm
saying I'm looking for my car I'm one of
those people that identifies their car
by the license plate I don't really know
what my car looks like in certain lights
it looks different colors I go
downstairs I do a quick scan
tut-tut-tut-tut looking for my car it
takes point zero zero zero five seconds
you notice they just quick two digits
but you know the direction I looked
didn't see the car there no problem
sometimes I park on the other side you
know say of the situation you don't say
something the park here you know
other times I park there so I you know
saying about-face turn to your side do
the quit look looking for my license
plate girl I don't see it that's weird
so I slowed down your I'm saying I told
you before took point ooo five seconds
you know I'm saying so I said okay let
me take a fool you don't say one two
three seconds to really look for my car
right in front of me I see a car that
looks kind of like mine can I do the
little checklist okay I see that tag
that bumper sticker that pile of trash
that's my car girl with a license plate
said oh there license plates gone fans
they they're gone I feel like I'm in
another universe you know I'm saying
like maybe I was dropped in another
dimension in which I'd never had license
plates to begin with so now I'm now I'm
questioning myself did I ever have
license plates I walk up to my car is
that really you the front license plate
is gone I walk
to the back of the car the plague gone
oh my god
is this a real life is it leo is this
little life immediately I started
checking for other damage where scratch
is at where the dent at everything is
perfect but a license plates gone why me
so you know I'm just like okay well when
I tell you not even a scratch on the
bumpers whoever took my license plate
little Leafs screwdriver as quick squeak
a spook this weekend's great so you
don't even saying it's not an emergency
or they mean so I call 3-1-1
ladies like what I'm a girl I know let
me direct you over cut up to
non-emergency line for the police I said
big police pick up the line like what
can I do for you I was like my plates
are gone he said do you have any idea
who took them let me tell you right now
you to word if I know who took them this
would be a very different police phone
call
pilot police report he's like okay go
get new place I might occur it's
Saturday so I'm gonna have to wait till
Monday to get new plates
I called joint on my grave and believe
me my place is gone
she said what all caps I said yeah dot
dot came to my house snapchatted it
because I guess that's what friends do
to be fair i snapchatted it also
somebody stole my license plates why did
she pick me up and we went got me as
planned I went to the leasing office yes
we're beefing perpetually but still I
had to ask hey do you have security
cameras they were like we think but they
don't have security cameras so to the
person who stole my license plates on
Saturday
I hope the getaway car you jacked my
plates for dies the crime you committed
with that getaway car huh
better have been flawless let me not
find out you trying to get out of paying
tolls fam that crime better be across
borders I need you to be traversing
Breaking Bad narcos tight stuff I hope
that car you stole turns out to only
take premium gas bought from Hawaii
itself $7 a gallon
I hope the feds are off you now ok I
hope your meth Empire grows uh
make you find no formidable opponent in
your path I wish you the best
let me find out you trying to avoid an
arrest warrant off parking tickets
oh I hope that in the state you are
driving on opens I saw you I can do
nothing but laugh um see you on the
internet somewhere bye
