hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn welcome
to hashtag smack your lip the video
series where I prepare and/or consume
various beverages and/or foodstuffs to
share my thoughts on them it's been a
minute it's been a hot hot minute since
I have done one of these and they come
regularly requested by my internet
cousins on Twitter and Instagram so here
I am I got chips I got something to wash
it down with from England over there the
Lay's brand is called walk us what woke
us what walkers it's called walkers I
think Lay's bought walkers or something
I don't actually care but what I am
excited about are these flavors okay all
that Colin I think you better come
corrupt with the flavors at least please
and yes I know they're called crisps and
it's spelled flavour but listen my
ancestors don't care and I don't eat oh
they're celebrating the flavors of the
decades so this is 1980s chicken tikka
masala I love the dish gorgeous bag a
nice purple and ice ethnic color a nice
design okay giving me giving me Taj
Mahal coloring book the fragrance hit me
in the 80s Indian takeaway stook the
nation by storm and you took their
nation by anyway anyway and leading the
way was chicken tikka masala a favorite
then and a favorite now I love me some
chicken tikka masala listy okay
the chip is it looks like a barbecue
chip okay it's orange I got an orange
tint to it
how did I do that cuz see what hits you
first it's chicken and then what history
sucker is the masala and then what hits
you third is like the yogurt the yogurt
type sauce though it hasn't got mold yet
that's nice okay we got mm
this is sweet chilli okay after the
Millennium the nation set its sights on
exotic Thai flavors and you also set
your sights on the Thai people anyway
anyway sweet chilli a modern classic oh
the bag is a nice pink with some Thai
the bad kind of smelled like shrimps I'm
not gonna lie my biggest regret when I
went to Thailand was not doing this Maki
olap video they had I have never in my
life seen that many varieties of lace
ever
maybe they got more in my Tokyo you
don't know saying and I didn't film
anything cuz I was busy eating them hmm
the flavor is not I'm trying to find it
it's a little too delicate for me it's
almost like the essence of sweet chili
instead of a sweet chili flavor work is
yummy maybe I need our own okay this is
a deep arch it's a very deep orange it's
like I'm eating the atmosphere
surrounding sweet and sour sauce dip
dipping sauce at McDonald's I don't need
that anymore of my life next okay 1950s
coronation chicken I don't know what
that is
in 1933 one coronation wasn't enough for
the nation hey Siri no I don't do that
my man my bed I'm using my phone to
record after now Siri the most iconic
lay whore of the 1950's so I guess this
is like uh what do you call this
indigenous English flavor the bag has a
nice like old-school tablecloth pattern
a nice tablecloth pattern on it why does
this smell like oatmeal a nice uh
plain-looking chip it's a tinge yellow
so my problem is all the coordination
chicken is it smells I did tastes like
chicken noodle soup mix it's like the
bass you know like if you have chicken
ramen like the 99-cent one it's the
powder if you we should just like lick
the powder it's not bad and like I can
taste the chicken in the veggies and a
little bit of like gravy but I like
Texas grape you don't saying this like
I'm a delicate colonial drizzle better
than sweet chilli stood on the chicken
tikka masala okay this is celebrating 70
years of the nation's favorites pebble
reads this is prawn cocktail prawn is
shrimps in the 70s no dinner party was
complete without a prawn cocktail
starter Oh shrimp cocktail okay so he
created a crisp flavor out of this
popular dish okay
fun fact I don't like shrimp cocktail I
think it's kind of weird okay the sauce
is like ketchup but not you know it
bothers me
we're not doing that again
we are doing it again oh no oh no that
was bad
just trust me I was so bad it tasted
like forgive me forgive me
it tasted like throw-up you know how
like when you throw up you can't a them
you obviously you can taste you throw up
because it's in your mouth I'm saying
kind of tastes like throw-up that was
bad
easily the worst one so far worst this
is Flav words through the decades 1960s
roast lamb and mint
now I already tried this one that's why
it's up open already in the 1960s roast
dinners had a resurgence following the
end of post war rationing war he said
anyway the top of the list was roast
lamb and what's roast lamb without mint
sauce I feel like England I feel like
y'all did not create the idea of mint
sauce we all be making this sauce is
that indigenous to y'all but I like the
back it's a nice green a nice hippie
dippie liberal design the Sun came out
all right the Sun came out no don't
hmm me and lamb unlike goat I can't do
something about lamb tastes like and
goat just tastes off to me lamb tastes
like soap
or like God it has to be heavily heavily
seasoned and this is just a little too
much pure lamb for me
that flavor does is not uh-huh I'm
getting some mint a little sweetness but
I'm just not I'm not a lamb eater we
have two left cheese fondue and roast
chicken
let's do roast chicken it can't be bad
it's plain chick Brits have always loved
a classic roast chicken
we took this national favorite and
created a tasty crisp chip flavor flav
work sorry do I remember watching on
Keeping Up with Kardashians Keeping Up
with keeping up appearances oh I used to
watch that show that was like my first
time watching like British television my
mom loved that show her name hyacinth
hyacinth hyacinth Sammy was like a
bougie version of Amelia Bedelia like
stuff was just going wrong in your life
it was a joy to watch a delight
roast chicken whoa that hit me you know
I love me a good rotisserie chicken from
the grocery store I love it
okay that's not hmm-hmm roast chicken
seasoning cuz it has like a tinge of
like rosemary thyme it's nice a little
bit of a brown gravy use honey it's good
it's weird like when you think about you
eating a chicken ship it's weird like my
breath gonna be the chicken ship but I'm
not mad at it
in the slightest and finally last but
not least flavors of the decade the
1970s and cheese fondue I love me a
cheese fondue I love cheese the
fragrance hit me from down here oh no
it's like cheese dust
it's like Kraft macaroni and cheese when
you gotta have when you have that packet
of cheese dust dehydrated cheese like
product okay here we go it's a very it's
a very light skin chip hold on hold on
upon taste bud contact it's giving me
throw up alone it's a no it's too cheesy
it's not too cheesy it's not cheddar
here in America we got that um that
cheddar chip that's like bright bright
orange but that's a good chip okay but
this is more like they got Gruyere
they got breathe so I think oh it's
almost not good if you pair it with
something you got a cocktail your crisps
so we're gonna take cheesy fondue
and the roast chicken put them together
huh that's better it's more manageable
it's chicken with a side of cheese
cuz when you think about it you did
something into the fondue I think that's
where they messed up you did like what
are you dipping into the fondue you
don't just like lick the cheese
waterfall okay final decisions number
one the best tasting chip chicken tikka
masala
number two roast chicken and coronation
chicken they're kind of tied it's more
of like you know what am i feeling
what's my mood next I would say sweet
chilli because it's nothing it's
literally the most neutral chip it's a
waste of cheap money if you if your mama
give you cheap money crisp money sorry
um she gives you a pence this is a waste
look all this color all his spice
nothing tastes like sweet and sour sauce
but like the idea of it next is roast
lamb and mint I think it's gross
actually I'm up but she is fondue above
roast lamb and mint because you can mix
this with another chip you can cocktail
your chips okay then roast lamb the
worst the worst one by far it's prawn
cocktail oh my god oh my god thanks so
much for watching this edition of hash
tag slip hope I smack my lip you know
for you I think it could have been a
little bit more snacking what do you
think in the comments below let me know
if you've tried these or what other
flavours you tried that are interesting
and also let me know what cool snacks
exist where you live and I will see you
on the internet somewhere
do they have like a like a baked bean I
remember getting a traditional English
breakfast when I was in London and I'm
just like so y'all don't even put salt
on the beans like it's just beans
they're just a smattering to something a
little bit of pink Himalayan hit it with
something
