girls rule boys true hates a world it's
me Evelyn the year was 1996 I was six
listening always a child but the pain
the wound it lingers his name was David
he had a big head but you know it's okay
he would grow into it me I was fly skin
glistening in the Louisiana Sun the
smell just for me hair lotion permeating
through the air I mean I was six wasn't
allowed to wear by splash because I was
too grown anyway there was a huge
magnolia tree outside on the playground
and we would use those huge leaves as
fake money and David and I would run a
pretend grocery store we were going to
build a life together
things were going swimmingly until
field-day rolled around it's usually our
favorite time of year we don't have to
wear uniforms you get to play outside
all day and snow cones are involved one
of the activities of the day a simple
footrace miss so-and-so divided us up
into teams and the competition began
yeah David and I were on opposite teams
and as time went on and the line moved
up I realized my big head baby boo and I
were to race against each other so I
mean I beat him I got legs like a
gazelle and I'm talking for my age what
you want me to do our classmates circled
around us at the finish line half an
adoration half an anguish and through
the noise I heard big head say you can't
be my girlfriend I got beat by a girl
you mad it sound like you mad is what I
would have said if I wasn't six years
old I was crushed I couldn't believe it
everything we've built everything we've
done who you go and play ants in your
pants with huh
you said girl like it was a dirty word I
was stunned for about 30 minutes and so
we got popsicles and I could watch the
fourth graders play Red Rover what can
you say I'm resilient in the comments
below tell me the story of your
elementary school love and David if
you're watching this I mean I have
asthma now so I probably couldn't beat
you in a footrace
I'm a feminist see you on the internet
somewhere
