if you ever need a ride I got you fam
but there's something you should know
about me first hey come on
Oh tying that friend with the dirty car
hey super old it's me Evelyn I don't
know how I got here y'all I feel like I
wasn't always this way
but it just feels so good to toss things
in the air and then just never pick them
up the parental units would say it's
unbecoming of a lady to be this messy so
I guess I'm a man then papers foodstuffs
equipments clothes so many chopsticks
there is no limit to what you could find
in my car sit on the other side dammit
this side is clear see one time had a
chocolate stain on the on the gear
changer thing and it looked like poo fam
looked like poop all I had to do was
bounty you know quicker picker-upper
that dang up um but I didn't okay I just
left it on there with a poop state
assemblance of a poo stain for months I
have problems I would go so far as to
say a disclaimer every time someone got
in my car when I could just clean that
ain't poop y'all don't need your bra
that ain't poop just in case you ever
get in the car with me let me tell you
how things might go
whenever I go home my dad always
mentions how trashing my car is and he
asks me Evelyn
do you live in your car yes kinda listen
my car is an extension of my home where
are my socks got some in the house and
in the car do you need lotion I got some
in the house and in the car hot cheeto
dust sprinkled on the floor of my house
sprinkled on the floor of my car it's
balance just for kicks I don't know
where this is gonna go here are some
items I just found in my car just now is
folding vacuum a winter cold cuz you
never know cotton swab
three-button uh I dunno I'm trying to be
better now I got to hear from you does
the side of my car make you cringe or in
me have you found a raggedy kindred soul
let me know in the comments and I'll see
you on the internet somewhere
