okay this I'm gonna be quick I'm gonna
tell you about the most random pet peeve
that I have hated what it's me Evelyn
so it's been a long day long evening I'm
just now getting home but before coming
home I had to head on over to the most
magical place on earth you know she pick
up the essentials engine oh I'm making
my way downtown walking fast faces pass
and I'm home bound to the checkout line
and I put my items on little conveyor
belt and I don't know why this bothers
me so much but I hate it when people put
the little divider between their stuff
and my stuff do you not trust me you
think I'm a thief think i'ma let the
cashier check my stuff and bill you like
I'm standing right here why would I do
that
to the people who stand behind me in
life why would I pay for your stuff I'm
gonna even if there's no divider there
I'm going to tell the cashier hey the 17
PD lights aren't mine I almost had
somebody put a divider between my
groceries I had spinach I had grapes I
had frozen pineapple he had three boxes
of Diet Coke and five Hawaiian punches
like one of these things is not like the
other that's not mine I think the thing
that bothers me is it so unnecessary
there's already enough empty space
dividing you and me and the person
behind me so to me it's obvious oh this
is a break-in customer throwing that
little stick down like that's gonna do
something's not gonna do nothing there's
already a foot of space between us what
makes you think imma let the cashier let
me pay for your stuff I'm gonna be like
skirt the raisin bran is not mine man
can you unring can you unring it oh no I
feel mad individualistic you don't feel
very emotional you know I'm saying no I
don't feel Kwanzaa when you put the
divider stick between our stuff ma'am
those 17 bottles of Hawaiian Punch are
not mine you don't you don't think I'm
gonna tell her that you don't think I'm
I said skirt can you stop the can eat
whoa can you stop the conveyor belt cuz
that's not mine
you think I'm not gonna pay attention I
know I'm on my phone on the off chance
that that bothers you also leave a
comment and if it doesn't tell me your
most random pet peeve in the comments
below
you leavin it somewhere back
