I went to Nigeria and all I have to show
for it is this clip of me flexing thirty
thousand nine room on the balcony of our
apartment hey soo broad it's me Evelyn
in February I went to Lagos Nigeria for
the third time the fact that I'm working
busy and very sleep-deprived has never
stopped a dude from saying whatever he
wanted to me admittedly the concept of
flirting the concept of joking the
concept of personal space it's different
from country to country even region to
region within the country I know it's
something you can only learn from
experience and I've had a handful of
experiences in Nigeria everything from
an immigrant official holding my
passport hostage until I gave him my
phone number a guy who actually made me
his girlfriend like he didn't ask I
don't remember ever being asked and
remembering that wedding rings aren't a
thing everywhere but there's just one
instance that I will never forget
because it's so bizarre it was so
uncalled for it was so disgusting did I
just have to share okay okay so I go to
Nigeria every year for social media week
Legos so all week long we're running
around trying to get this international
conference to happen
we're sleep-deprived and frustrated me
I'm trying to figure out where can I run
away and sleep where can I run away cry
a little bit it's just the hectic
experience and after the conference is
over every day there's a happy hour
outside got the beach enjoy some
beverages so one day after the
conference I was doing just that
actually here's a clip of the beach I
was relaxing and minding my own business
taking a video clip of the beach look at
how peaceful that is but do I sound
peaceful in my voice know why because
somebody came and talked to me you know
when you see somebody in your peripheral
vision y'all catch eyes in your lights
I didn't mean to catch eyes man he said
hi I'm so-and-so I said whatever hi I'm
Evelyn of course this is a conference so
he gives me the spiel about what he does
he works with kids nonprofit this help
the youth that okay then he asked the
question that every dude a sand is so
creepy hey where are you staying
luckily for me I have no idea where I'm
staying because I have no concept of
geography where I am is that the safest
thing to do when you travel
no but in these instances I can truly
and honestly say no I don't know where I
stay and so he said oh ok well you know
I stay across the street so you want to
do I want to what so out of the blue
that I just ignored him I was like hot
anyway um so yeah you work with children
you said nonprofit helping the youth did
usually work in a church what then you
wanted to exchange phone numbers luckily
for me I have no phone number now is
that the safest thing to do when you
travel not have contact information no
but in this instance yes it's important
to note that I'm not really even making
eye contact with this guy the entire
time he's talking to me I'm focused on
the Atlantic Ocean which is what I came
here to see but what he says next still
baffles me to this day how many letters
are there in social media week then he
proceeded to count apparently there are
16 letters in social media week so what
those 16 letters are the 16 children you
will have for me huh is that so then he
gives a little chuckle haha I'm not
laughing
then he says because through our
conversation he's learned that I'm
Kenyan he says I hear Kenyan women can
do that Wow
then he continues as if I haven't gotten
the point already I hear Kenyan women
are strong so you'll have 16 kids for me
it shouldn't be a problem right actually
I think I'd snapchatted my face after
that encounter
I'm still just being your dad so
confused I really want to know has that
ever worked for him interestingly enough
my problem it's not necessarily that he
said I would have his babies 16 of them
though 16 pill pill pill pill
back-to-back - until I'm 50 look to be
honest I don't even know how that
conversation ended talking about okay
we'll keep in touch
what's that supposed to be romantic oh
my god anyway in the comments below tell
me the weirdest pickup lines you ever
heard it's roughly a girl see you on the
internet somewhere bye
