hey the world it's me Evelyn I have been
on here on YouTube for a long time and
my favorite genre of comments that I get
is are you on drugs are you guys and I
never even feel like what I'm saying or
doing in a video is that weird
all I did was create a fairy tale about
my edges off the top of my head once
upon a time there was a girl who had no
edges and her name was babbling all I
did was tell real-life horror stories
you wake up in the morning take a shower
get dressed
your hair I just wondered out loud with
my mom watching true story crime shows
men she was plotting on my life okay
this one is called evil king Evelyn she
killed all her children can you get me
an ice what don't kill me what huh
really deep stuff I think it just goes
to show that as we grow up we lose a
little bit of our imagination and I'm
not blaming you I fully understand that
it's hard to nurture your imagination
when you got things like student day
peering over your shoulder like hey girl
minimum monthly payment girl you want to
pay this forever girl I'm gonna help you
out okay so here are three ways to get
those creative juices flowing again
number one write everything down I don't
care if it's the notes up on your phone
or a special little notebook that makes
you excited to write in it make sure you
don't let those moments pass you by
don't let ideas just be a blip in your
mind a while back i was listening to
larry wilmore's podcast black on the air
and he had Phil Rosenthal on the show so
imagine the creator of the Bernie Mac
show interviewing the creator of
Everybody Loves Raymond
and feel stressed how important it is
especially if you're a storyteller to
pay attention to your own life and the
life bustling around you pay attention
to the way stressed out mom's talk to
their kids in the checkout line at
Target and I know your upstairs
neighbors fight so what do they say
eavesdrop for your life and Phil says
something I really hit me alright and
that's why I write everything down is my
first tip for getting the creative
juices flowing he said a lot of the
times people think you have to invent
things that's false
you just have to chronicle them and
that's just something I've not done my
entire life there is a photo somewhere
at my parents house of me at like seven
years old at the zoo with my little flip
notebook and a pencil what am i taking
notes on but I am I've just always been
that kid who documents things take a
number to think out loud so if writing
things down helps capture your ideas
talking them out takes things a step
further I love to play what-if with my
friends we'll be sitting down hanging
out and I'd be like hey what would you
do if you were sitting here talking to
me like you are right now then your
doorbell rings you want to go answer it
when you open the door with me who do
you kill first people's reactions
people's answers tell you something
about them that's why watching shows
like black mirror or Handmaid's Tale
lead to such intense discussions because
those shows make our imaginations run
wild and our imaginations aren't all
running in the same direction so start
sharing what's in your head especially
if you're not feeling very creative or
playful use other people to help
kick-start your brain children of course
are especially good at this have you
ever watched two kids argue over the
same imaginary thing number three play a
common misconception is that being
creative means being artistic and those
aren't necessarily the same thing
although yes artists are creative
whether you have a job in tech politics
government the medical field you're a
parent you're a teacher all of us in our
lives have to be problem solvers and the
only way you can continue to solve
problems is
you're creative and we know the
importance of play and childhood
development but you don't stop growing
just because you're a grown-up you gotta
keep the mind sharp if I'm saying board
games card games solving puzzles playing
sports play helps you relieve stress it
stimulates your mind gives you that
human interaction makes you think on
your feet you feel me
listen me after a violent game of taboo
with my friends I have serious
adrenaline pumping through my veins I
got endorphins I'm feeling good who
wanna go so join that community flag
football team if you want I won't I'm
not very athletic go with y'all on see
the bingo nights on Thursdays I
guarantee that if you incorporate play
back into your life those creative
juices will start flowing and now that
I've given over myself a word from our
sponsor shout-out to audible for
supporting my creativity here on the
Internet's and sponsoring this video
they have a massive selection of
audiobooks and podcasts and other types
of programming that you can listen to to
spark your imagination you thought I'm
saying while you're taking a walk taking
a hike chilling outside maybe while
you're incorporating play into your life
mm-hmm I recommend the book creative
quest by Questlove of roots Fame it's
the perfect book to dive into after
watching this video he shares his
thoughts on inspiration criticism and
what it means to be original to start
your free 30-day trial membership visit
audible.com slash Evelyn Evie e ly n or
txt Evelyn - 500 500 you get a free
audiobook so you can press play on my
recommendation creative quest or choose
your own the book is yours to keep even
if you don't continue your subscription
because audible any triflin so to claim
your free audiobook and start your free
30-day trial membership visit
audible.com slash Evelyn or text Evelyn
- 500 500 in the comments below let's
take it back tell me some of the weird
silly creative things you used to do as
a child and maybe that will spark
something that you can start
incorporating back into your adult life
and I will see you on the internet
somewhere bye
thank you
