vogue everyday in April also known as
the bane of my existence I mean a really
fun time hey YouTube world it's me
Evelyn
the concept of vlogging for YouTube in
and of itself is strange like you go out
put your camera in front of your face
document your life for whatever reason
put it on the internet so strangers can
see it and then they like keep coming
back to watch what you do next and you
do this like daily or weekly like it's
weird
except enter snapchat the integration of
snapchat into my everyday life has made
the concept of vlogging on YouTube how
do you say redundance it just gets a
little awkward the scheduling is a
little off I've got questions how do you
choose what to vlog and write hey
he's not found what's good who in bed me
who working me made a day one coming
soon comment when you see it on YouTube
hello my it's not John found me
hey wait what are you doing today
ah hey supports me Evelyn
um I am writing my Vita video so make
sure you subscribed up with that that
sucks so ugly hey tonight dear school so
do you repeat the moment you just vlog
so you can snapchat it or do you repeat
the moment you just snapchat it so you
can vlog should I upload the snaps to
YouTube later like a compilation of
sorts or not are people really out here
responding to snaps from their viewers
subscribers whoever cuz I'm not the one
what if the snaps are from underage
youths like I just can't who watches two
hundred and forty seconds worth of snaps
girl that's a four-minute video
what if someone screenshots my snaps why
can't they just let them host disappear
into the atmosphere like you're supposed
to why would you be so greedy why would
you be so creepy now do I gotta watch
what I say on snapchat if I can't be me
Andy Freight on snapchat where can I be
me and be free hmm this YouTube channel
is performance I mean you know that
right and while it takes creativity sure
it takes time energy and sometimes real
US dollars in order to get an idea from
my brain to you on the other side of
YouTube whether you believe me or not
it's a lot of pressure granted most of
it's from me but still
but snapchat is a magical place where I
express my ideas and thoughts as they
come little experiments in
and exercises of create bursts of
creativity it's like an idea fart just
and then it dissolves never to be seen
again
I like that for me snapchat is like a
rough-draft with no expectation of a
final draft it's great girl is and this
whole internet influencer game will
swiftly have you in your feelings
feeling like if you're not popping and
active on every giggity yack and Gramps
the gram then you're nothing and nobody
you just have to cool it down get it
together and remind yourself that in
your quest to be the Bill Murray of
YouTube you have to be like no I don't
need to be everywhere on the Internet
so yes I do have a snapchat to answer
your questions
no you can't follow me there I mean I'm
gonna keep my snapchat just for my
friends my internet cousins who've
become my in real life friends internet
cousins who I've never met in real life
but like we like this like we here like
there's some of y'all that we hear if
you feel that's you girl like me just
probably just we can see you on snapchat
our internet cousins who meet me when
I'm open to boot listen if you see me
let's let's make up let's do it yes we
can we can do this on the step I just
need to know who you are because the
idea of people follow me on snapchat and
I don't know who you are like I can't
click through to your profile and see
who you are it's weird it's mad weird
makes me uncomfortable I'm starting to
sweat tensing up you know I'm saying or
hey maybe it's not that deep you tell me
in the comments below do you ever feel
overwhelmed by all this sky social media
stuff is it just like overwhelming for
you sometimes let's talk about in the
comments welcome to Veda 2016 day one
see you on the internet somewhere but
not on snapchat bye
