this journey is everlasting hey YouTube
world it's me Evelyn I hope your January
hasn't been late as the urban you say I
learned three major lessons in 2015
number one value my own timing
just because so-and-so did such-and-such
by the age of 30 doesn't mean that's
what I'm gonna do number two the
importance of getting over yourself once
you realize that you're probably the
biggest hindrance to your situation you
know I'm saying to your success in life
and number three the importance of just
doing the work hmm shut up I made a
video last year about discipline I used
to think that I just lacked motivation
inspiration really I just lack
discipline that's a tough pill to
swallow into that in 2016 I would add
forethought I've always been an advocate
for doing stuff come home from work and
you just sit on the couch like do
something while you're not doing
something huh get lazy yeah an inspired
fan can you do something huh so while I
can definitely call myself a
self-starter I'm cellphone evaded I
don't need anybody's praise or criticism
for me to praise or critique myself what
that lacks is vision the everybody just
told me to go to college didn't really
too much even tell me what to do
afterwards I just said fill out the
FAFSA you know saying it I said go so I
went in the comment section of my 2015
in review video
I don't aside a lot of y'all made some
pretty big life changes you made a big
move you went back to school you dropped
out of school went to therapy started a
business dropped friends got new ones
and all the work that you had to put in
to do all those amazing things wouldn't
have been possible if it weren't for
your decision to stop take a look at
your life and decide whether it's
working or not
and it made me realize that although I'm
always doing things and working on
things I'm never really doing them with
purpose on purpose I was doing things
that they was cool I'm saying I'm
quality
you know I'm saying if I do say so
myself in Oh from reading the comments I
realize a lot of y'all created an
entirely new life and that's so
inspiring all that to say good god that
instead of happy New Year's resolutions
that are task oriented and small like
I'm gonna run a 5k I'm gonna illustrate
my eyebrows every day instead my goal in
2016 is to pin down the things that
would make my life right now good better
so in 2016 my mantra my motto
are you ready it is to be visionary in
2016 I want to deliberately create the
life that I want for now the only
problem with that is living with purpose
is really scary I let Mitchell are you
getting home like when I'm nervous my
shoulders get hot like 10 I'm always
working on so I'm doing something I'm
always busy with something but why what
is it doing and what am i working
towards that's where I'm at for 2016 I'm
gonna be more visionary sort of here
trying to do all the little things that
make me feel like I'm an adult make me
feel like I'm doing grown-up life
correctly instead of busying myself with
those things I'm going to think bigger
hopefully this video got the wheels
turning in your friends face in the
comments below let me know what your
mantra your motto for 2016 is and we'll
chat in the comments
by
