pace abroad it's me Evelyn day to Miami
baby blow we drove to this game day for
thriller boat ride are you ready for the
thrill of a boat ride let's go
my traveling philosophy plan like hell
and then expect it to fail but when the
result of your plans falling through is
this you can't be that mad easy drive no
tolls setting paper that on a rental car
this is where like boat tours our crews
are yeah you know I saw that I don't
want
I already Yelp reviews searched
Instagram geo tags and watched vlogs to
make sure this tour would be worth our
cash but things I'm always right now
they were like 36 bucks per person
anyway couldn't get enough people on
this like bitch I didn't know that at
the time who takes tourists at random
who comes to the mall and says oh let me
hop on a boat sorry nobody everybody
plans to guard that money back there
want to blow it all on these hamburgers
to be honest lunch was pre average but
in office kill time at this point were
over two but then the island queen
caught my eye they had at least two
boats in rotation at the same time and
it was almost 10 bucks cheaper than the
other tour so of course we hopped on
this 90-minute bilingual tour is a great
way to see that downtown Miami
skyline we saw the Port of Miami Fisher
Island Miami Beach and of course
Millionaire's Row
talk about lifestyles of the rich and
the famous if you end up getting on one
of their two-story boats you can walk
around and check out the view from the
bow or the stern and yes I had to google
those terms the thriller boat speed boat
tour people were trifling but we found
another boats for the island Queen and
it was boss cheaper and longer and
better so boom the most decadent yeah
that's like that is it 15 minutes or 15
hours tighten up that's enough I just
took at 6 p.m. my other travel
philosophy is to embrace downtime
Netflix Pizza drank just be at home but
somewhere else
good morning I've been up for a hot
second I was almost noon I've been up
for hours
I think Steve is just giving up we're
gonna go to the beach we still haven't
really done that like we really like
just sat there daylight and then maybe
go to like a museum or something listen
I'll tell you right now we never made it
to a museum in fact the plot line behind
our entire day kind of fizzles off right
here we spent like five hours at the
beach just sitting there perfectly
baby
update see what's the update
so I feel my melon in the cells
multiplying that even how it happens
understand everywhere but you know I'm
getting black as ever
what I came here for the sunset was our
only cue to grab dinner
we're here at cells on for dinner again
you know I'm not a foodie I'm not gonna
drive and look for parking for another
place when I can walk here we've been
gonna be late as the youth say I don't
know what they call the fungal in Cuba
but its life Scripps plantain mash
tomato sauce wash it down with a tape
eating you perfect way to end the day
that's all for this man you log in the
next one we visit little Haiti in
Wynwood Walls so see you on the internet
somewhere bye
