hey you two brought it's me Evelyn one
of my internet cousins asked if I could
show a finished style with my new red
hair color while I don't do makeup looks
and I really only have one hairstyle I
thought it would be worth it to just
post another video same hair routine
just a different hair color so as you
can see my roots have grown out a little
bit it's been a couple weeks and my
undercut is growing out nicely although
it sucks growing out our undercut the
back of both of my face the back of my
head is like orange now it's faded and I
feel ashamed but we're going to power
through and shampoo our hair use your
favorite shampoo then use your favorite
conditioner and go ahead and detangle
your hair yes I finger detangle still if
you want to see my first finger
detangling video click the eye or visit
the video description box so this is
what my hair looks like after I rinse
the deep conditioner out of my hair
super defined super healthy new damage
okay I'm still a 4c Barbie mixture
anyway I go ahead and twist the sides of
my hair after doing a little horseshoe
part that you saw just easier just how I
like to part my hair and then I go ahead
and tackle you know this big section
flamin hot cheeto section in the front I
just use you know just grab a styler
girl it don't matter if you want to see
my favorite hair products go ahead click
the eye again that's me he exhausted um
raising my arms to twist my hair so go
ahead and twist the hair rake the
product Buddha hair and twist it on down
this whole process from shampoo to end
up twisting takes about 30 minutes so I
just bantu knot the ends because I just
like the way it looks better than just
straight twisted ends so you just take
the ends and you wind it up on itself
like a bantu knot except is at the end
of your hair not at your roots I do this
all around my head and my arms are on
fire and then when you're done let it
air dry and the next morning it's time
to take down the twist so I just pull on
the ants you unraveled little bantu knot
that was at the end like that and then
you know you just go ahead and you
untwist girl that's what it's list out
is it easy 2016 you should know what
twist out is right anyway um so I just
unravel all the twists on my head now I
just unravel and separate each section
so that the curls are popping and I get
more volume not to be confused with
valium valium okay so as you can see I
just put my fingers in the roots and
kind of fluff it up create some valium
and I get my pick and I create some
volume to there as well pick out my
edges because I'm growing them back in
from the undercut I had shaved the
entire side and underneath of my head
and this is the final result I'm cute
you'll be cute it'll be mine I guess oh
you know don't worry about your bad side
just focus on the good side okay so
we're doing on this channel we focus on
the good and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye day
accordingly
