hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn over
the past couple years I've become a
little bit of a low-key skincare junkie
I like reading about ingredients I like
trying products out reading reviews
I like watching babyface Korean women
put thirty five types of serum on I'm
about it but there's one category of
skincare that's always been a struggle
for me oh boy are you getting this are
you getting this no oh so when I found
out that Boldin one of my favorite
hashtag black girl beauty brands finally
formulated a product that had SPF I Lee
joist a FUBU SPF y'all they sent it my
way for me to test out and I've been
using it daily for a month or so so I'm
here to report back now I know what
you're thinking Evelyn you bled we don't
need all that our ancestors didn't go to
Sephora and buy sunscreen our ancestors
also had ozone layer let's start with
the basics so the Sun shines down on all
of God's children in the form of
ultraviolet radiation people with darker
complexions or as I like to call us dark
complex a people dark skin see people
have more of a natural barrier against
the sun and sun damage because melanin
provides a barrier against UV rays it's
hard for UV rays to penetrate layers of
skin when there's lots of melanin
involved so yes dark-skinned people have
a natural built-in SPF of around 15 to
17 it's not an exact science but there
is no such thing as human flesh that can
withstand damage from the Sun completely
that's why these guys cover up that's
why these people put mud on my face and
that's why people around the world find
shelter because being sweltered is that
word sweltered being squall turing sun
being in the sun is not comfortable
after a while it's just that a while for
this guy
is like 10 minutes that's all I'm saying
I got into sunscreen pretty recently and
honestly I got into it because I was
trying to fade acne scars the technical
term is most inflammatory
hyperpigmentation after a pimple goes
away it leaves a dark mark on my face
hashtag yeah regardless of anything I do
anything I believe or say I don't touch
my face I don't do nothing I leave her
alone
and I mean it wasn't the end of the
world but it was annoying enough that I
wanted to fix it
you know I just want to look like a
solid chunk of mahogany not a chocolate
chip cookie and all my research said
sure by the serums and the creams and
the spot treatments but everything I
read said I should start using sunscreen
because I mean you don't want the dark
spot to get darker so admittedly I only
wear sunscreen on my face um not my
whole body and my body gonna be looking
like A Raisin in the Sun but at least my
face gonna be a honey bun so now that
we've established some actual factual's
let's get specific Boldin's brightening
moisturizer with SPF 30 so when I'm
shopping around for sunscreens to use on
my face as a dark conflict B person I
look for a few things
white cast greasiness fragrance
accessibility and price all right here
it is can you see that white cast all
right the bane of my existence when it
comes to using sunscreens and to
understand why sunscreen leaves white
cast on your skin you really have to
understand ingredients so sunscreen
comes in the form of a chemical
sunscreen or a physical / mineral
sunscreen chemical sunscreen uses
certain ingredients that like takes the
UV rays turns it into heat pill and like
pew physical or mineral sunscreen takes
ingredients like titanium dioxide they
all have long name so don't just think
of something as chemical that means it
has a long name
and this one doesn't they all have you
know chemistry related names so titanium
zinc and those are physical blockers to
the Sun so the UV rays communists like
it holds it you know what I'm saying
physical mineral sunscreen is what makes
you ashy it's what makes you blue you
out here looking like a ghost both types
of sunscreen have their pros and their
cons it's up to you to decide what you
care about the Boldin brightening
moisturizer with SPF 30 is a chemical
sunscreen it uses the ingredients Homo
say late Octus a late and octo cry lean
this particular product is
broad-spectrum excessive on the
packaging and what that means is that it
is a product that has ingredients that
protect you from UV rays and UVB rays
yes girl there are multiple types of
ultraviolet radiation so it is dope that
Bolton has ingredients that protect your
skin from both this has an SPF of 30
which dermatologists of all skin tones
complexions and shades agree is the
sweet spot for SPF this is not greasy to
me at all it is rich though ah there you
go there you go it is rich you know I'm
saying it's not a watery moisturizer I
still stick to my regular degler like
cream lotion type consistencies that
I've always used I do not have
particularly oily skin I don't have
particularly dry skin and my childhood
and teenage years I never struggled with
acne I'm part of eczema gang me myself
personally so I'm more of on like the
crusty skin issue as opposed to pimply
skin issues
um but these days everything has kind of
worked itself out we thank God I also
prefer to look a little juicy a little
dewy and I'm saying
just a little glisten I think it's
because I've just accepted I will never
look super matte I live in Texas so I'm
always going to be a little bit sweaty
so I mind is
make it fashion you know what I'm saying
so give you perspiration make it glazed
donut you thought I'm saying I'm
surprised at how light the smells it
doesn't have that weird coconut essence
vapor of Coca Creek there is another
fragrance in there like another like
skincare fragrance but it's not strong
it is it rose is it if you look at the
ingredients there is fragrance in the
ingredients but it is the very last
ingredient on the list I mean I can't
even describe to you what that fragrance
is because it's so light I don't know
it's giving me luxury it's giving me spa
I don't know I'm just getting sunscreen
and that's okay that's what I want I
just don't want that weird coconut baby
sweat fragrance so as far as
accessibility yes you can only get this
online and right now they are small
business they can only ship to the 50
United States for me that just means
that I don't read in unless I'm reading
on multiple products from them at the
same time I use their cleanser I use
their toner so I will only restock this
when I'm ready to restock everything
else that I like that they make price
okay so $28 for two ounces everybody's
price point is different for me
personally anything over 20 bucks
I got to think about it for some people
that pause happens at five dollars for
some people that pause happens $100
everybody's different but this is a
moisturizer with SPF so if you're on
your like low key skincare junkie tip
you do not have to buy two separate
products now it is in one product which
i think is cool are uniquely stable in
long-lasting form of vitamin C if you
know if you do research if you a
skincare junkie and you do research on
vitamin C you know that the formulation
the type of vitamin C is very important
so the fact that they call them that out
it's super dope so it includes
ingredients like that that might make
you not me
your vitamin C serum maybe for me
because I can't afford it 28 dollars to
spend on a product I use every single
day that is made and sold by a black
girl beauty brand is money well spent
so to sum it up I'm a fan I give it five
black baby faces this is the third video
partnership that I've had with Boldin
over the years so I will link those past
videos in the atmosphere or the video
description box so you can check those
out please leave your review in the
comments below us low-key skincare
junkie Stan a thorough review if you
have any other types of skincare or
beauty products that you want me to try
here on this channel
let 'sister know and stop being fake
talk about where where you at where you
been I've been on Instagram okay I
steady stay being a fake beauty guru on
Instagram stories so follow me thanks
for watching and I will see you on the
internet somewhere
