hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and my
hair is bleached I want to dye my hair
red so in this video I'll show you step
one in my hair color transformation the
bleaching process
I need coconut oil a wide tooth comb 20
volume developer in Bleach plastic ball
applicator brush gloves and a shower cap
do not use metal tools I use the plastic
butterfly Clips instead reserved a
special shirt just for dyeing your hair
bleach and hair color permanently ruined
fabric afro textured hair has lots of
curls
coal's k so whatever you want to call it
so I prefer to comb them out using the
coconut oil tangle free hair is the
easiest to work with and allows you to
separate your hair quickly which is
important when chemicals aren't actively
processing in your hair I always take
some of the coconut oil and protect my
hairline ears and the nape of my neck
always follow the directions on the
packaging of your particular brand I've
done this enough times that I eyeball
all the measurements according to my
hair length and density my hair process
is very quickly so I only feel
comfortable using 20 volume developer 30
volume is too strong for me and
personally I think 40 volume developer
is a big chop waiting to happen if this
is your first time bleaching follow the
recipe on the bottle I have done this
enough times that I just eyeball it and
now it's time to pray Flash's Jesus sake
it was you who said
never forsake me put your arms of
protection around my head yeah so that I
may become more but you go in you white
man we play Amen okay so I begin
applying the mixture to my hair about an
inch away from my scalp the heat from
your head will cause the mixture to
swell and it will find its own ways your
roots no need to slather chemicals
directly on your scalp no need for
flashbacks to our childhood quickly but
thoroughly I divide each section into
smaller sections and apply the bleach
I'm currently growing out an undercut so
I just slather the bleach directly onto
the back and sides of my head my hair is
short and it is not that dense so this
process takes me 15 to 20 minutes by the
time I'm finished the first side of my
hair is already lifting so I put a
shower cap on and let it marinate for
about 15 more minutes but it may be
different for you always read the
directions on your products packaging
and listen to your hair it's better to
get scared and rinse your hair too early
than to wait too long to be Bohannon
this is the level I'm comfortable
reaching by myself I have no idea what
the back looks like
but I'll rinse thoroughly with cool
water I'm happy with my results at this
point I missed a couple spots but
honestly with natural hair it doesn't
make much of a difference I follow up
with alakay Naturals honey and sage deep
conditioner now is not the time to be
trying new products grab the conditioner
that you know gives you soft hair every
single time cover your hair to trap the
heat and let it marinate for much longer
than you normally would
afterwards rinse with cool water blonde
natural hair always appears dry because
it looks like literal tumbleweed but
trust me my hair is so moisturized right
now
I don't experience crow pattern changes
my naps are still nap tastic finally I
seal my damp hair with coconut oil and
that's it
I rarely dye my hair the same day I
bleach it so I'll be back for part two
see you on the internet somewhere bye
