hey so world it's me Evelyn in this
video is sponsored by my birthday break
oh happy birthday so me this is 25
technically there twist and shake the
side Beauty beads
I know shape back feed it beads are
known by 25 and I'm still alive so it's
all if you want to get me a birthday
present you can go ahead and donate to
st. Jude Children's Research Hospital
the link is below save a child's life
it's about that time it's that time of
year again please do us a flavor
challenge am i right free marketing I'm
alright so last year I tried all the
flavors in the Lay's do us a flavor
competition and the experience on my
tongue was hmm okay so to see I'm back
to try the witchcraft that is these
flavors Oh with the wavy West Coast
truffle fries by angie food truffle
fries potatoes these are potato chips
it's the most basic let's give it a
nudge
these smell absolutely blank
they look like sour cream and onion they
have green flavor dust on them
I expect these specs
I'm getting a little bit of the parmesan
but ohrim on oh my bad don't know there
is Parmesan cheese
it is a decidedly regular chip yeah
you're not going to win Angie my bad
sorry girl
New York Reuben by Jeff stilinski I
don't actually have a concept of what a
Reuben tastes like I'm looking at it and
I'm like it's just me
oh that sauerkraut I say our context we
don't do this here
go save it onto the Reuben here live in
Austin so you know they do the hipster
Reubens with like farm fresh deli
artisanal oh you know how when you cook
beef stew stay with me you cook beef
stew you serve it you eat dinner and you
kind of leave the pot overnight maybe
like two nights in the pots empty but
it's still got a little meat meat
residue this this smell like meat
residues okay oh man it smells like
Bologna I wasn't raised on Bologna
bro it tastes like throw-up I'm in my
bedroom I have nothing to spit them nah
let me check what a Reuben is hold up
this is not okay oh my god y'all it
tastes like actual vomit the Reuben
sandwich is a hot sandwich composed of
corned beef don't know what that is
Swiss cheese sauerkraut in Russian
dressing
what's Russian dressing it sound like oh
is that Thousand Island
Oh Thousand Island dressing
tastes like actual throw-up CE OS your
butt's right there oh no Jeff Simmons
this was shocking up there yes was short
oh I'm so like distraught third flavor
in the Lay's do us a flavor competition
challenge is kettle cooked Greektown
gyro by James Wagner I feel like this
will be good there's a year place down
straight for me and the old man that
runs in is my adoptive grandfather he
gives me free honey-dipped things on or
decock so hopefully this flavor James
Wagner encapsulates the love of my
forcibly adopted a Greek pop oh it
smells like a ramen ramen powder be from
it this chip is kind of browner and it
has flavor dust on it the green is
probably parsley the green is oh no
there's nothing on here that's green
just as spices
whoa that's so spot-on they captured the
flavor of the pita you can I'm Sam which
I wasn't expecting I thought I was just
going to be the context of the euro but
really they got the the pita as well
it's not bad but it's not good it's
leaving like a plastic aftertaste in my
mouth it's kind of like you ate the gyro
and then you think the container came in
kind of cleanse that palate oh so far
this is not enjoyable Southern biscuits
and gravy by Hayley green Noblesville
Indiana though Oh
my grandma's from Tennessee okay I got
you I got you I got you
biscuits and gravy is that food that
that puts you to sleep it's not like an
energizing real it's that meal when you
want to be enveloped in love usually
does everything gotta aerate it
very delicate smell though
nothing like the Reuben and its young
but leftover meats that's kind of a more
yellow chip not much flavor dust on it
that's good I'm getting the sausage
that's in the gravy I'm getting the
butteriness of the biscuit they were so
spot-on with the sausage meditate on it
and then it just comes in that's tasty
not about to eat them again because you
know I don't need that in my life but
delicious so thanks for watching this
episode of hash tag smack your lid the
video series on my youtube channel which
I smacked my lid to various foodstuffs
the comments below tell me what your
favorite flavors were out of the four
let me know what flavors you think
should have been up for the challenge
and if your birthday's in August like me
happy birthday and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere
if you've ever like saved yourself from
throwing up you still tasted it though
that's what that is that's traumatic no
