hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing and adding too much to slime video
and this is probably the most colorful
version of this I have done and I'm
starting off with too many sprinkles I
decided to do this as sprinkles instead
of different shapes just because then it
would pack really tightly together and
become super crunchy and that's exactly
what this did I found that when I first
out of the sprinkles they just did not
want to stick into the slime I think
maybe because the slime was really thick
and it wasn't a super sticky one and so
at first it kind of gave the slime of
putty texture until I started adding
more sprinkles and then it just became
so crunchy it kind of looked like the
topping of a cake you know when you kind
of have icing on something and then you
roll it in sprinkles it was just covered
so so crunchy and look at the inflation
on this it went about 24 ounces I don't
know about you guys but I really
struggle with making water slimes so
when I added my clear clear I was like
what am I gonna do with this and one of
my subscribers recommended adding warm
water because this how it's melt down
the glue and as you can see this makes
us them really well and when I started
adding my activator it pulled away very
quickly and as you can see is a bit of a
thing consistency just because the
waters warm so I recommend leaving this
for probably about an hour unless you're
using hot water and then I don't
recommend testing it with your hands and
probably leave it for about two hours
but after that it should have bubbles on
the top and then reveal this perfect
clear slime underneath and as you can
see it this is just gorgeous
it isn't bubbly at all it was my
favorite thing about water slimes
next up we have adding too much
toothpaste into slime and I was so
excited to try this because I know how
thick toothpaste is I was really curious
to see what it do to my mixture so I
added three tubes and I found this made
the mixture so thick and when I was
mixing it in I was just so excited for
the outcome and when I started
activating it it looked like it was
about to become so thick until I added
my second batch it activates it and I
think the water in the borax solution
must have just acted like I don't know
it just made it into toothpaste that's
the only ways to describe it because
excited frothing up becoming lumpy and
then all of a sudden it went to liquid
and it wouldn't activate no matter how
much activator was put in there I
decided to then move on to my next
mixture which is adding too much food
dye into slime and I added about two
bottles worth it doesn't look like very
much on camera but it was so so much and
I had a really weird smell to it that
was the first thing I noticed with
adding loads it changes the Sun it
overpowers any scent I added in and as
you can see this just becomes kind of
putty like and because so much colors
added in it actually looks like an
opaque slide I actually really like the
end result I just think the one thing
about it is the weird scent when I was
cooking the other day I was using foil
and I was looking at it like this looks
like the type of stuff I would add into
sly so I decided to add it in kind of in
the place of a gold leaf I would say and
this was so so tough on my slope as you
can see a kind of add some crunch in it
was very fun to push in it had like a
kind of crinkly sound but once it was
actually in it didn't really change the
texture so I saved the exact same it
just had loads of crunched-up bits of
tin foil and because the tin foil I
don't know if it like made it colder but
it just made it super putty light which
obviously makes it rubbery so I let it
melt down for a week and this is
actually really fun to play with it's
really pretty in there as you can see
it's gorgeous but it just doesn't feel
very nice in your hands with a thick
slime so I definitely recommend adding
this into a sticky one if you want to
try this
next up we have adding too much dies out
into clear slow-mo and this is my
favorite thing to do because I love die
so cute and I love clear slime and
mixing them together mix really Sicily
slime normally so when I added my first
cube it did exactly that it became super
Sicily so I added five more cubes and
about eight ounces worth of slime and
when I mixed it all together let me tell
you this became so thick so airy and it
just created a mountain of slime it
probably made about I would say 12 slime
pots and as you can see it just looks
super doughy and it was really fun to
play with in my last adding too much
video I added too much floral foam that
was dry and today's video is gonna be
adding too much wet floral flavor and I
decided to add this to a pigment slime
just to see if it would do anything
pretty and this was really fun to add on
top because this was a cylinder shape
and it kind of just like fell like a
waterfall and then when you push down I
guess you can see all the water like
seeps out from different parts of the
slime and it just looks so cool and with
it being wet it definitely mixes in a
lot easier this is actually really fun
it was very hard to mix in but it was
just really curious to see what the
result would be and this was actually
really really cool because as you can
see it's really slimy at first and then
you leave it for five minutes and for
some reason the slime gets absorbed this
isn't sticky it's just really wet
someone told me that when you add blue
tattoo clear slab it becomes like a clay
and let me tell you that person was
lying as you can see here this does not
mix in asshole it actually made my Stein
so stiff
so I took it out popped it in the
microwave and then this didn't even melt
as you can see it's still really tough I
did find that it stretched out a bit so
I could eventually mix it in but this
does not do anything good for your
slimes do not waste your glue tight and
do not waste your slime on this it's
just such a rubbish method I really did
not like it as you can see it became
like a puffy and then after a few weeks
it became nicer but all the kind of glue
tax sucks at the bottom so it was at the
blue tack that was maybe a nice next
time we're gonna be adding too much holo
and I did this mainly because I love
holo but it's actually really hard to
film in studio like the only works under
like a phone light or in the Sun after
adding my normal amount of glitter as
you can see it's super pigmented
gorgeous and it just feels like a normal
slime it feels really personally as well
so the first thing I was looking out for
when I was adding my pigment in was to
see if it would change the texture and I
did find that this changed the texture a
lot so at first it just made it super
kind of putty like I would say but then
all the glitter that was like excess
sunk to the bottom and as you can see it
just makes the slime really really
gritty like this does not really clear
slime it feels like a Texas line that
kind of feels like sandpaper I would say
it's just not very nice everyone on
Instagram that's been using these
alphabet cues recently so I decided to
add some of my own to see what would
happen and this became so crunchy from
the go as you can see it just feels like
a normal kind of bead it's time I would
say it's most similar to like a fishbowl
sound but more harsh because the beads
aren't rounded so when I added more in I
wasn't expecting it to hold so much I
added about three packs worth of these
so probably about like 750 grams of this
and as you can see it's still six in it
doesn't have much slime in between it it
gives really good crunches
I had such high hopes of plato's flame
and I really hope that it was gonna be
like adding clay into saying because I
love the smell of play-doh it would just
mean that I wouldn't have to send my
slimes anymore and when I mix this in at
first it looked really cool and then I
noticed the sloane was melting a bit and
then clay just wasn't mixing in i don't
even know if play-doh is yeah Play Doh
clay play-doh don't play-doh it's dough
isn't it looks cool with the colors but
it's really lumpy and no matter how much
activation you have it just keeps
melting so I decided to leave this for
five minutes and you see what happens
it's just liquid it's just lumpy liquid
so don't wish your play-doh kids next up
we're gonna be adding too many Orbeez
and I just wanted to try this out
because I've never added Orbeez into
slime let me start off by saying this is
the messiest tutorial I have ever done
in my life when I was mixing in the
beads and bounce and then they bounce
and bounce and bounce so all you'd hear
was tapping when you were filming and it
was so stressful but the slime itself is
actually really fun I had a pretty nice
texture to it it definitely made it a
bit sticky just because of the water in
I guess but when you're hoovering up the
beads is kind of like Hungry Hippos and
eating the marbles is really fun
thank you so much for watching this
video if you have any special requests
for videos do you leave them in the
comments I read all of the comments
seriously every single day I read them
and I write down all of your ideas if
you ever want me to do special stuff and
I'm also planning on doing less reviews
and also less of these videos and trying
to introduce new content and upload kind
of every week if not twice a week from
now on I'm gonna try and make a massive
effort thank you guys for being so
patient with me and also watching this
video and I really hope that you enjoyed
it and I will see you next week
