hi guys today's video is going to be a
super cool one and it's hard to make
edible butter slime I found this recipe
by benefits limes on Instagram and I
just thought it was the coolest thing
ever really wanted to share it with you
guys
I hope that you enjoyed this video and
if you do don't forget to give it a
thumbs up
the first ingredient we're going to need
a some mini marshmallows I picked up 3
packs and I just popped them all into a
bowl and then put them in the microwave
for 10 seconds after you've done that it
should be a bit jiggly but you do not
want it to be fully melted that's why I
recommend only doing it for 10 seconds
then we're just going to go ahead with
our spatula and mix it all in just to
get it to really nice even fluffy
texture once it's reached the texture
we're just going to carry on stirring it
for another minute just to make sure
that everything's mixed in and then
we're going to go ahead and grab some
icing sugar I'm using paint la icing
sugar but I'm pretty sure any icing
sugar will work if you want to stay true
to the original recipe glitter slime
juice pure cane sugar but I couldn't
find this in any UK shop so I'm just
using normal icing sugar I'm adding this
to the bowl like her with flour to a
cake mixture and I'm just trying to get
it to a really doughy consistency I was
surprised by how much icing sugar and
time this took it took me about 20-25
minutes to mix it all in and don't be
thinking that you're doing it wrong
because it really did take me that long
as well and I was getting so frustrated
but you just need to keep persisting
with it and adding more icing sugar and
just kneading it in eventually when the
mixture becomes less sticky you can go
ahead and add some icing sugar and just
mix it in with your hands just so it
gets the desired texture and it doesn't
get too hard if you ask your much icing
sugar you can just add a bit of water or
oil because glitter sighs found that
this helped the mixture when everything
came together it became such a nice
texture but I noticed that the more I
played with it the center was a bit
sticky so I just recommend kneading it a
bit in icing sugar and then once you've
done that just pouring it out from the
center and then clunking the center part
into the icing sugar until everything is
not sticky and it's super smooth and
nicely clear
then for the final step I just went
ahead and added some food coloring to
make it the original butterflying color
I did find it a bit tricky to meet in so
I found the easiest way to get the color
in is by twisting it and then folding it
in towards the center the product you
are left would be so so nice it smells
gorgeous it tastes so good and the
texture is amazing it's literally just
like buses flying but a lot cheaper to
make and you don't have to go out and
buy clay I really hope that you enjoyed
this video and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and subscribe see
you next week
you
