hi guys today's video is going to be a
chewed-up bubble gum slime tutorial and
I really hope that you enjoy it I was
inspired to make this video by user on
Instagram called glitter slimes who
originally created the slime they just
thought it look like such fun to play
with I decided to make a replica recipe
so the first thing you're going to need
to make this slime is some Elmer's glue
I decided to make a super big batch
which is why I'm using so much glue but
you want to use about the same amount of
shaving foam to glue so it's a 1 on 1
ratio after you've done that you want to
go ahead with your mixer and just mix it
all in you want to do is for about 5
minutes if you're doing a big batch like
me because it can be super uneven and
you want to make sure everything is
properly mixed when you've done that you
just want to go ahead and add about 5 to
6 pumps of foaming hand wash this is
gonna add to the overall crunchiness off
the slime and create a really nice
bubble layer on the top when you put it
in your airtight container then I went
in with my bubble gun coloring and you
can use food coloring but I decided to
use an acrylic paint because I wanted it
to be a really really bright pink you
have to bear in mind that the slime that
you're making is white originally so it
will mute the color and you will
probably need a lot of food coloring or
paint whatever you're using so do stock
up on that after everything's mixed in
and the colors even you want to start
adding some activator slowly and we do
not want to fully activate this we want
it to be sticky but kind of pulled
together and when it's like that you
just want to go ahead and stir a few
more times to make sure it isn't fully
activated and it is really sticky for
the crunch I'm going to be using
styrofoam pieces and also packing
peanuts the styrofoam boards I ordered
off Amazon and packing peanuts just came
with packages and I'm pretty sure that
you can get styrofoam to protect
packages as well so if you want to save
some money do check if you just ordered
something if they do come with these
things then you want to fold it into
your slime and bring the slime from the
bottom of the bowl to the top so you
have a sticky layer to add the next
batch of crunch in and you just want to
keep repeating this and folding it in
the more styrofoam you add to the slime
the less sticky the slime becomes so
eventually if you want to make it really
crispy you can start using your hands
which is what I started doing and I just
started adding more styrofoam that way
and you can get maximum amount that you
can so it becomes extra crunchy I've
added some size clips at the end if you
want to hear the crunch and I really
hope that you enjoyed this video and if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe
