hi guys today's video is going to be on
15 heatless hairstyles everybody needs
to know I really hope that you enjoy
this video and if you do don't forget to
give it a thumbs up it looks a subscribe
for the first hairstyle I decided to go
with my favorite one of all time and
that's the classic up pony to make it a
bit more sleek and just spruce up a bit
I like to get a strand from the ponytail
and wrap it around the hair band this
just makes it look super sleek and makes
a really simple lovely hairstyle for a
second hair so I decided to start with
an up pony and then split this ponytail
into two sections with the two sections
we're going to split it into a further
two sections and do a rope braid on it
after we've completed the two separate
rope braids what we're going to do is
just wrap it around the hair band and
this creates a really pretty looking bun
and it looks so much harder than it
actually is
for luck 3 I decided to do two space
buns because these are super trendy at
the moment everybody loves them
including myself and they're so easy to
do you literally wrap your hair around
your finger and then put it up into a
bun for look for I decided to do another
classic and that's up-down pony this is
super easy to do you just get a section
from the top and tie it up and then I
like to twirl the hair just to give it a
bit of curl the look 5 I decided to do
an alteration on this look and I just
added a few braids to the up pony and I
think it makes it look so nice and it
just adds a little something to the look
look six is another favorite of mine and
it's another up-down one and it's an
alteration on a house that we've already
done and it's the space fund so again
we're just going to split our hair into
two sections and we're just going to put
the up part up into a bun and just wrap
it around our finger and then follow it
around itself so it forms this look look
seven is my absolute go to at the moment
and it's just too simple braids on the
side of your hair ease out so I like to
do it a bit away from the my front hair
because I just find that when it's on
the front of my head it just makes it
look really flat so I take it away from
the front bits of hair and I just do it
kind of in the center of my head and
then I just go from the center off the
braids and just pull it out just so it's
a bit wider then after I've done this I
just put it on the side of my head and
pin it up and it should look like this
look a is one of my favorite looks and
we start off by braiding the front part
of our hair with a rope braid and this
is so easy and simple to do but it looks
really complicated so it looks so so
lovely then we're just going to go ahead
and brush the rest of our hair and then
tuck this braid under our ear for look 9
we're going to split our hair into three
sections and we're going to braid the
middle section first and then the two
side sections I didn't film the first
bit because it went really blurry but
what we're going to do after that is
just get the pieces all together at the
back and then braid those three braids
together so it's like a mega braid then
with the front part that we've left out
we're just going to tie it to the side
with a braid also and it just ties the
look together and looks so games of
Thrones II look 10 is so underrated and
it's just the classic pigtail look I was
thank you through this video why is it
called pony and pig because they're not
like animals on my head if you know let
me know in the comments for like 11
we're just going to start by sectioning
off the top part of our hair and tying
up into a messy bun and then adding a
braid to the side of our hair so look 12
I really like doing this to the side
like my friend just so it doesn't get
caught up in the rest of the process but
we're just going to split our hair into
three sections and again we're going to
start by braiding the middle part but
we're not going to braid the other two
parts but we're just going to braid all
of the pieces into one mega braid if
that makes sense and it ends up looking
like this then again I'm just going to
braid the front part just to pull the
look together
this hairstyle always makes me look so
grown-up and it's so simple as well you
just have to pull two pieces of hair to
the back and pin them with a bobby pin
for look forty we're just going to
section off the top part of our hair and
tie it up into a ponytail then just
above the ponytail we're going to make a
hole and we're just going to pass the
hair through and it ends up looking so
lovely and silky for the final look
we're just going to brush through our
hair and section off the top part after
we've done that we're just going to do
it into a really really simple bun and
we're just going to tie it to the top of
our hair
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give a
thumbs up and also subscribe
