hi guys today's video is going to be a
how to grow your hair overnight 2016
video and I really hope that you enjoy
it for the first method we're going to
be concentrating on our scalp and we're
going to need three things the first
being some rapeseed oil the second being
some olive oil and the third being some
argan oil we're going to start off the
mixture by adding two tablespoons of
olive oil to an empty jug then we're
going to follow this with four
tablespoons of rapeseed oil you can add
five if you want it doesn't really make
a difference we only want to add one
tablespoon of argan oil because this is
really really thick and sometimes it can
clump the mixture up and we want to stir
the mixture almost immediately so this
doesn't happen after this we're just
going to comb through our hair to make
sure there's no knots and that product
can be evenly distributed after that
we're just going to pull the product
straight onto the head and just wipe it
through our hair and make sure that
everything is covered off we've done
that we'll just massage it into our
scalp I prefer to massage it into my
scalp or my heads upright but because of
the mess it is more clean and more
sensible to kind of hold your head over
the bath but it can make you quite
lightheaded so make sure you're sitting
down if you do this for the second
method we're going to be focusing on our
ends and we're going to need two things
first thing being an avocado and the
second being some olive oil we're just
going to start by scooping the avocado
out and pushing it into a bowl after
we've done this we're just going to grab
a fork and start mushing it up this just
makes it easier to spread through our
hand also helps to release some of the
avocados oils then we're going to add
two tablespoons of olive oil to the mix
and just stir all in if you're not going
to use the mix immediately be sure to
save the seed because this stops it from
browning and you just want to put all
the mixture around it and it will just
act like a normal advocaat oh and keep
for as long as you want as long as you
keep it in the fridge then we're going
to start off by putting it on our ends
and we want this to be really
moisturized so pack as much as you can
on and then with the excess we're just
going to put it onto the rest of our
half once the mixture is applied we're
just going to grab some cling film after
we've tied our hair up and just wrap it
around our hair this speeds up the
growth process because it helps to trap
the heat on our head and it also helps
to stimulate growth on our roots so
we're just going to Pat this down and
make sure that won't fall off our hair
after about an hour or two I then take
the rap and just rinse my hair out this
just helps to get all the chunky bit so
that avocado out and it also helps to
make my shower not turn green the
avocado is quite easy to gas out but the
oils are actually quite hard so I like
to use cleansing shampoos my favorite
shampoos are the our poly shampoo from
Phillip Mitchell and also the Aussie
mega shampoos these are really good at
breaking down the oils and making them
easy to guess out our hair so just apply
this to the roots and just make sure you
massage it in and it should help your
hair grow I really hope that you enjoyed
this video and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and also
subscribe see you next week bye
