hi guys today's video is going to be on
DIY matte liquid lipsticks and I made
them with ears bombs this is one I made
earlier I made it with a sweet mint
flavor because it smells so so good and
I really hope that you enjoy this video
and find it interesting so for this
method we're going to need one else I
decided to use sweet mint flavor because
it smells so so good and for a
mattifying agent we're going to use some
talcum powder you can pick this up from
any supermarket and it's super cheap to
add some more moisture we're going to
use some coconut oil and then all the
color we're going to just use any
lipsticks you want to use it can be
matte it can be shiny
this one's shiny it's CoverGirl's hot
passion and it's such a pretty color so
the first thing we're going to do is to
chop the EOS off and put it into a
container I decided to use a container
with a handle because we're going to be
putting it into hot water later and we
want to make it easy to take out then
we're just going to pop the middle bit
open and we're going to scrape out the
insides this is just going to help us
get all of the product out after we've
removed all the products we're just
going to screw the middle bit and the
top back together and use it as the mold
later on after we scrape them together
we're just going to add our whole
lipstick and this is going to make sure
the color is really pigmented liquid
lipstick can feel really dry on our lips
so to add some more moisture to the
mixture I'm just going to put some
coconut oil in there I'm just going to
make sure even though it's matte is
going to be really moisturizing on our
lips then we're going to bore some water
and put it into a pan once it's bubbling
we're just going to take off the heat
and we're going to put our mixture into
it we don't really need to heat it up I
didn't want to do it just in case I
burnt it but I did find that my mixture
was a bit too watery for me so I decided
to add some more talcum powder to make
it a bit thicker
once the mixture became thicker I then
take off the heat and poured it into the
mold after I poured into the mold I just
let it cool for about five minutes
before I put it in the freezer and then
I put it in the freezer for one to two
hours it's really easy to take out and
it just looked a bit bubbly at the
bottom all we're going to do after we've
taken out is pop the top and the bottom
back together so it just becomes a
normal yes again and we're going to
unscrew it and it should look like this
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
like and also subscribe see you next
week bye
