hey guys today's video is going to be on
my everyday heatless curly hair I really
hope that you like this method it's just
one that I came up with a few years ago
and it's super super simple to do and
has amazing results so the first thing
you have to do to prepare your hair is
just brush through it this just gets out
any of the knots and then when the curls
are formed it decreases the frizz then
we're going to split our hair into two
sections down the back we're going to be
tying these two sections up into
pigtails but what I like to do when I'm
tying up is just brush through the top
this just makes it super super sleek and
then I tie it up with a fabric hairband
I use a fabric headband because this
makes sure that I want any kinks in my
hair when I take my hair down and I have
the curls and it just leaves it looking
really really nice then what we're going
to do after we've Tyler hair up is just
brush through it one last time after
that we're going to grab a big fluffy
plain sock and we're going to tuck it
into one of our hairband strands I'm
going to start by twirling my hair
around to the right
passing it over to my left hand and then
to relay it to my left after I've done
those two twelves I'm going to start
twirling the sock as well I'm going to
swirl the sock and the direction of the
hand I have it in so when it's in my
left hand well up to the left and when
it's in my right hand I'll file it to
the right so we're essentially doing a
rope braid with our hair and a sock to
add a bit more volume to my hair I like
to wrap it around into a bun and then
tie it up again I don't know why but it
just makes the curls look so much nicer
and it will see keeps it out of your
face I'm just going to go over that so
it's completely clear so the first thing
we're going to do to prepare our hair is
brush through it after that we're going
to grab our fluffy sock and stick it
into one of the strands in our hair band
I like to do the bottom one because then
it has the most fabric to wrap around
but it's completely up to you what you
want to do after we've twisted it two
times we're going to start twisting this
off again
and this just creates smaller curls on
the bottom and looser curls on the top
and it ends up looking so so nice to
make sure my hair doesn't unravel I'm
just going to secure it at the bottom
with a hairband after securing my hair I
just start wrapping it around into a
circle bun on the side of my hair again
just so both sides are completely
volumous and neither of them are
lopsided then I go to bed and sleep on
it for about eight hours sometimes it
isn't completely driver that's
absolutely fine you just have to be
really delicate about taking it out I
like to lift my hair through the first
two strands of my hair bands and then I
just pull it out because it won't
disturb the curls that much when it's
loose because my hair is still where I'm
just going to leave it for half an hour
to dry after leaving it it will create
perfect perfect cars and it's so easy to
do I really hope that you enjoyed this
video and if you did don't forget to
give it a thumbs up and subscribe
