hi guys so today's video is going to be
on me tidying up my room and I know it
doesn't sound too interesting but as you
can see I've made some quite drastic
changes to my room and I thought it'd
just be really cool if I filmed it and
then showed it to you and fast forward
to maybe help you get some inspiration
to tidy up your room if you'll remember
the tip like mine and I hope you enjoy
it so I decided to start off with a
messiest thing which was by far my
wardrobe and I decided to put all my
clothes in two different paths so tops
jumpers things like that so that when I
moved my box of drawers and later it
just became a lot easier to sort things
out
you
after this I moved on to the space under
my desk which is very messy because I
keep a little and stuff there and
let us pretty bags and also some bags
that I can just carry stuff in if I want
to carry around it and throw it away
later and it's just become a very very
messy space and that isn't really an
organized way to do this I just kind of
pulled everything out and then just kind
of watch from LA
you
you
you
and it's finally done all of my room is
clean and it looks so good I really hope
this videos inspired you to clean your
own rooms and thank you so much for
watching
