hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing it adding too much to Sloan video
and I think this is probably my favorite
one I've done so far I did so many
things starting off with adding too much
face marks once I chose specifically did
not have PVA in them and they also had
loads of the slime ingredients that we
normally add in and foaming face wash
and I was wondering what the clay face
masks but due to the slow because as you
guys know a lot of face masks used with
PVA to make slime but the ones without
actually give this the best texture this
feels like all of the thick styles from
all the famous slime shops and it's so
glossy so thick and insulates so much it
turnes to eight ounce containers from an
8 ounce lime after the face mask slime
works so well I decided to go with
another pam product and i decided to go
in with a lush bath balm and this is the
experimenter I just thought the colors
and this was so cute and then I went in
with some glue but it really fist up so
I had to add even more and when I mixed
it in I noticed it was clumping so as
soon as I added my activator I was kind
of thinking well there's a lot of glue
in there so I'm only gonna add a tiny
bit but it turned into rubber
anyway as soon as I touched it it didn't
have any goo in the middle like
sometimes when you over activate outside
it was just rock-hard
I was so excited to add too much glue or
flame I've never actually touched it but
it always looks so tough spying on
Instagram and when I touched it I was so
shocked I just gave it a little push
because I was expecting it to be really
soft but this is actually so tough and
when I try to mix it into the slime it
just did not work so I moved to plan B
and I just started cutting it up like
all the satisfying people on Instagram
but this was just so tough and also when
you who are trying to like mix it in
instead of mixing in and making it like
I don't know like adding it into
something like a clay into slime where
it mixes together it just absorbed the
slime
so it just became wet floor flow I am
obsessed with firm o pieces I think
that's how you pronounce it but this is
just so much fun to mix into clear slate
and I've only talked tiny little bits
like as much some unning here so I was
like you know what I'm gonna be extra
I'm gonna do one of the videos where I
add too much and I'm just gonna buy a
whole load of them so I decided to add
2,000 pieces into an 8 ounce clear slam
and this made the slime so tough it took
away all the stickiness but it also
inflated so much and made best crunches
this is one of those Instagram made me
do it purchases I saw these all over
Instagram and they're basically like
these little plastic things that you put
on an end of a straw you blow it up and
then it makes a plastic balloon and it's
so fun and I was like you know what I'm
gonna mix this into slime and it was
actually really tough it didn't pop I
was expecting it half after loud bang
but it really didn't it was so fun to
mix in but it was I didn't really mix
them because it's plastic so it just
came up as like little colored chunks so
I shop owners always complain that if
you add too much scented oil that the
slime melts down too quickly so I
decided to add as much oil as I did glue
which is a huge mistake in my opinion it
left the glue not really feeling like
glue it was so thin it was it wasn't
even like an oil consistency or a blue
consistency if there's something that's
thinner than water it really felt like
that I was just so shocked and it was I
felt like it was about to go to a jiggly
slime when I activated it and I had to
add so much activator and serves for
ages and it became rock-hard when I took
out and then within five minutes it
already melted down I was quite shocked
by this and how fast like the meltdown
was so I just added loads and loads of
activator and made this so tough like so
rippable and then the next day it was so
glossy and just amazing if you guys have
been watching me for a while you'll know
I love crunchy signs and I decided to
add a ton of crunchy beads into one too
just see what type of crunch it gave and
I decided to add it in two pigments I'm
I just used a normal Barbie pigment it's
like a pink gold one and it's a really
really cute one and then I used some
fishbowl beads some flowing beads and
also some slushie beads so there were
all different shapes and also different
consistencies and this was really fun to
mix in it was kind of nowhere near as
crunchy as I was expecting it to be
maybe I needed more bees looking at it
probably I did but
just so you proceed really fun to play
with and a really different kind of
crunch the beads gave it a classic
country current country all year country
beads gave a classic crunchy cliffs like
kind of five but then the pasta beads
gave it some soft crunch next up we have
the most highly requested adding too
much of anything into clear slime I've
ever gotten and this is adding too much
netted sponge into clear slime and this
is basically like a really nice crunchy
but also like nice textural thing that
people have been adding but normally
people add like three in an eight ounce
container so I was like you know what
I'm probably gonna add around twenty to
an eight ounce and see what happens and
as you can see this had a lot of jelly
at first so I decided it's probably best
of add a bit more so I added about four
more chunks and this became so crunchy
it's really hard to describe the texture
because the slimes absorbed by the
things which i think is why it makes the
like super crunchy because then you get
the dried-up slime on top
I was cleaning up my slime room the
other day and I noticed how many
squishies I had so I thought would be
really fun to just mix a few of them
into a slime and see what happened and
this was actually so fun a few of them
assented and I think this caused the
Slone to melt a bit because it became so
sticky I was really shocked at this
because when I was adding it to the
slime the Slom was really tough so I was
worried it wouldn't stick at first we
actually did the opposite it was
actually really easy to get the slime
off the squishies if they were heavily
coated and also if they didn't have like
any accessories on it so the ones with
confetti pieces on it like the lollipop
and also the strawberry that was dipped
in chocolate that was so hard to clean
but then the fries and loads of other
things they just came out so easily so
if you do try this I recommend using
your glossy slides and this also makes
the slime so crunchy and so airy I find
that more squishies the batter to be
honest it's so fun to play with them I
honestly just couldn't stop squishing
this next up we have an absolute classic
and we're gonna be adding too much clear
slime I really enjoyed doing this
because I've never added so many signs
with different textures and I was also
really curious to see what color this
would come up because sometimes they
come out really prissy and sometimes
they come out really gross
and texture was kind of like a mochi
slime I would say with loads of confetti
in it and it was so stretchy and fun and
it made about 28 ounce containers which
is awesome as some of you might have
noticed I'm not uploading as much as I
have been recently just because I've
been taking a little bit of a break to
get some creative inspiration back and
this has really worked I'm so excited to
be uploading regularly again and I tend
to upload on Monday Wednesdays or
Fridays and I also give updates on my
Instagram if I'm not posting so on my
Instagram I have full-length videos of
all the slimes that I do in my videos
without any of it muted just always
smile so go and check that out if you
want to I hope you enjoyed this video
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up let me know if you want to see
more of these videos or more other types
of videos I will be responding to
comments tonight as well so don't forget
to show some love in the comments and I
will see you next week
