hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a 100% honest review of famous and
underrated slice shops that also be
doing a giveaway for a ton of slams in
this video so make sure to stay tuned to
the end for all the giveaway
instructions first up we have a mean
cost in and the first time I reach
brought in the package was Cash Money
Center because I've kind of like what
does cash actually smell like and this
has a real $2 bill in there which is
also really intriguing but when I open
this up it kind of smell like a mixture
of Queens but like really clean Queens
don't get me wrong and like a light
minty smell and the slime itself which
is super thick and dope it's still
really really soft and this normally
comes marbled with like a mix of colors
but just because it's so hot at the
moment the colors merge together but
they're soo ins laters so much was just
amazing and I was just so shook that
this contained real money the next time
is when I actually repurchase she sent
me this one for free before but I
decided to buy a new one because I've
had the last one for a year and I always
play with it and the slime kind of looks
basic when you're first looking at it it
just kind of looks like a normal black
butter slime but when you smell this you
will understand my obsession with it it
smells like an apothecary and if you
don't know what that is it's basically
like a witchy like chamber for like
making like potions and scents and stuff
and this slime is just the best scented
slime I think I've ever come across it's
so spreadable so fun to play with and
just amazing
next up we have coffee ice cream and
this just satisfied me so much because
it comes glossy and then the moment you
touch it it goes matte and this is so
soft and creamy is a lot softer than how
other clay slimes I think this is made
with like a special type of clay but
this is a really interesting scent to me
as well because they always get worried
with coffee sense that it's gonna be too
overpowering
but I actually found that this had a
really like coffee scent and it was
mostly ice cream like a really creamy
scent and it matched the texture of the
slime because it's super creamy and
inflating Neapolitan ice cream is
another one that usually comes marble
because of the heat it just merged all
together and this is a really unusual
scent I thought this is gonna be like
mostly strawberry chocolate based but
this has a light strawberry scent but
it's mostly hazelnuts if you have any
nut allergies I would steer clear of
this because scent is so realistic that
it could trigger you but this inflates
so much it's super thick super super
through me and like airy and I just love
it I think is amazing
cookies and cream is another one I tried
from her before but she's reformulated
this and i love the new formula it's
such a clicky clay slime which isn't a
usual thing I usually find that crease
lines don't click really asshole you
have to like press on them but this is
so so clicky especially at the start of
the video like before you touch it and
it starts inflating it's just amazing
but the inflation on this I literally
needed to six outs containers to fit it
in she also sent me the chocolate orange
class line which smells amazing it
smells just like a chocolate orange but
it's kind of melted so I try to activate
it but then I activated it too much and
then I ruined it so this clip is really
short but it's amazing and then for
extras she included some borax a squishy
some sweets a slime fundraiser it's
slime photo book calm and also a slime
cache she makes that we have a sloman
thats so popular at them
and this is slime obsidian and this is
his star cavite cloud which let me tell
you is iconic it is amazing the marble
colors in this are just really cool and
he's slightly over activated this a bit
just because he didn't want the colors
to merge so I shouldn't show them on the
video but as you can see this slime is
amazing it flows so smoothly it's
smashed just like a Korean Apple like I
really really love how fresh this is and
it also isn't the scent you'd expect
with the slime so it's just a really
nice surprise it does have a tiny bit of
fallout just because he over activated
it but he's reformulated it so it
doesn't have much fallout now
after I played with star LVT I was not
expected to be impressed any further but
this slime is probably one of my
favorite slimes at the moment it is so
thick so glossy it inflates so much I
think it might have a tiny bit of clay
in there
I love the bubble pops on this it smells
amazing it smells just like a cookie
cream like a really creamy sweet sugar
cookie scent aloha Club was an
overactivated a tool and this didn't
have any fallout so this is what the
cloud slimes normally look like they're
so soft again they flow so smoothly this
one floats a lot more smoothly and look
just like the ones in the video which I
often don't find like I find that slimes
are just so good with playing with class
Slams that when you play with it it
doesn't drizzle anywhere near as
smoothly but with this you can be like a
professional slime out at home because
the slime makes it so easy to play with
and it's not just like pineapple
they also sent amazing extras I
absolutely love salad things and sour
patch kids are amazing that was so super
different texture to over here here it's
like way more gummy than the ones in
America and then he sent some borax and
a slang cash sheet to when I clap with
Karina a few months ago I went to her
meet-and-greet and I met someone in the
line with the most amazing slime we were
all so impressed by this one so I
decided to include in a video even
though she doesn't sell she said if she
does sell this is how much she would
sell it for I wish it was scented but
obviously that would ruin the clarity a
bit but this is just so crunchy so thick
and the beads and this just make it so
crunchy and I said that already but it's
just amazing I am mind blown next up we
have another UK Slimer and this is slimy
boo UK and she actually made this for me
in a day and I do not know how she made
the clear slime clear out this quickly
she said she used a really weak
activator so it's a bit less thick than
it normally is I also mentioned this to
her and she said she would fix this in
the next restock when she sells this but
this is a really really gorgeous slime
it's bit jiggly here because like I said
she used a weak activator but normally
it's slightly thicker and the beads and
this are just amazing she has some color
shift piles in there some nice little
seashells and also a really cute mermaid
tail charm this slime is so crunchy I'm
so bad at playing with these slimes like
jelly cubes lines basically any slides
with squares in them or like cubes I
just fail I don't know how to play with
them I'm just bamboozled every single
time but this slime again is a tiny bit
jiggly I warned her about what I didn't
warn her I'm not like the Mafia I told
her that she should probably change this
and she agreed and this has really nice
pearls in it and confess you gotta leave
a cell on the Mafia in one of my videos
I'm just gonna leave the video clip here
the bottom of mermaid candy is so pretty
it has this unicorn flakes and it also
has some hollow hearts and then in the
middle is kind of like sigh marshmallows
in that she has those clay like slime
balls in there the slime was super
sticky but I didn't want to mix it all
up for you guys not to see so that's why
I'm playing with it kind of weird when I
mix it up it was really nice it was a
clay slime it kind of has like a rubbery
texture but that's just very common off
like the slimes in the UK but if you're
ordering from America it's just
something to be super aware of because
our ingredients is so much worse and
like less readily available so it is
still really fun to play with it isn't
as softest like you would want a clay
sign to be in my opinion but I still
love how it look when it first came out
how white goo slimes our goo slimes what
am I on today how white clay slimes are
probably the best thing about her shop
it's amazing they're so glossy so so
thick and I was just so impressed by
this one especially it was just so
glossy for so long even after playing
with it for a while and I just love the
thickness of this and also the foam
beats just added a really nice texture
to it and the smart just like
blueberries
this is another white lace line that
really impressed me this looks like it
has a bit of play now I think it might
have died so or like another American
clay because this is just so soft so so
creamy it's one of the best birthday
cake ice cream slides I've ever tried I
just loved the texture of this and the
sprinkles in this but also really nice
high quality ones and it was just such a
glossy slime with so cliquey I didn't
like the sound of this at all but I told
her about this and she's gonna be
changing it Oreo cookie milk smells just
like the name and again this is kind of
rubbery I think this is just a British
clay used in that but it makes it really
nice and holdable if you just want to
play with it with your thumbs or like
just in the palm of your hands I really
like playing with this because it fluffs
up a lot and this is also a lot soft and
then the other one the mermaid one
everything came super well packaged and
bubble wraps and nothing leaks at all
and she also included some really cute
extras some borax
the slime Kashi and also normal extras
and he's also been generous enough to
offer all of her six slimes reached in
this video to you guys brand new ones
not the ones that I've played with or
deliver to your home free of charge
completely all you have to do is do the
things followed on screen right now and
also there's loads and loads of extra
entries in the description below but
make sure to do the ones on the screen
because these are the ones you have to
do to enter thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you enjoyed
it and if you did don't forget to give
it a thumbs up and I will see you next
week
