hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
adding too much of everything into slime
and I'm also going to be doing a
back-to-school giveaway all the diesels
will be at the end but basically
anything you need any supplies any
clothes there's gonna be three winners
for $50 gift card I hope that you enjoy
this video and if you do don't forget to
give it a thumbs up and also subscribe
the first thing we're going to be adding
too much of is nail confetti and this is
one of my favorite things to put into
slime just because it makes it so pretty
and if you add enough then it makes it
super crunchy and today we're gonna be
adding way too much just to see what it
does with the texture of the slider at
first it was kind of just like a normal
crunchy slime it was a tiny bit tough on
my hands just because the edges are a
bit sharp but when I added more in it
surprisingly didn't hurt my hands but
the slime became really tough at first I
purposefully added a really sticky clear
slice to make sure all the confetti
would stick in and I actually found that
this got really really fluffy but as
soon as I let it clear up it became
super tough and it was like I added
loads of activator it's grated really
good crunches but it meant that I had a
lot fuller and it was super crunchy
next up we're going to be adding too
much cloud slime and this is basically a
cloud slime smoothie but I just thought
this would look so cool because it has
that really cool drizzly effect and
something I noticed was that every
single cloud slime uses different snow I
was kind of worried for would happen
when you mix them all together but this
created the best cloud slime ever it was
so drizzly and I actually think this is
like the ultimate cloud slime recipes he
used different brands of snow and this
is really interesting for me as well
because some of the clouds lines weren't
activated I had them for months some of
them were super wet and some of them
were super dry
so mixing it all together just create
the best mixture it's smells amazing and
it was so fun to mix in
it won't be super fun to add too many
straws and this was a really fun one for
me because these were different colors
but I did not anticipate how hard this
would be to cut them up in bunches
cutting them up one by one is so easy
but when you cut them in a fall for some
reason they like all caps on each other
so this sped up clip was literally like
15 minutes of me trying it cut straws
and it was so hard it was so worth it
then when he dropped in the slime and it
became super crunchy I made this slime
really sticky because I thought the
straws would be really hard to hold him
they actually stuck and really easily
like I could have probably just added a
normally activated slime and it would
have stuck in but because mine was so
sticky it definitely needed more straw
so I cut up an absolute time this full
of the bows so much this smells actually
three liters worth this so this is like
1.5 liters of straws and a tiny bit of
slime in there and this was just so fun
to mix in it was really hard on my hands
actually because when you cut off the
straws I guess it has like sharpened
edges because it hasn't been like shaved
down this is one that I wouldn't
recommend at home even though it's
really really pretty and crunchy just
because it does hurt your hands a bit
next up we're gonna be adding too much
 and the reason for this one is
just because I've done one before but it
was kind of like a slimy party so I was
wondering what would happen when you
added a hard party and this one's
Aaron's Thinking Putty it's the really
really pretty ones I was like this slime
is gonna be beautiful looks so pretty in
the clear slime it was really hard to
mix in just because the was so
tough and the slime I added was really
sticky I should have probably added a
less sticky one because I had to add it
anyway but I was really worried that
this would be like a clay adding in so
it would be really tough after but it
didn't end up being like that and the
color stayed for ages it looks so pretty
when I was mixing in but when the colors
were actually mixed in it's headed to
this braid color with like lumps of the
prettiness and I was like I wish I
didn't mix this but it was still really
fun to play with it had a really
interesting texture it was quite thick
but when it fluffed up it was kind of
like a fake Lee slime that's a new word
for thick and jiggly if you aren't
familiar with it and I was kind of
hoping it would go back to the original
color it was but after I let it sit it
stayed at the same color had a really
interesting texture though it felt like
a really nice white glue slime it didn't
feel like a clearly one asshole and it
also didn't feel like a
I did the next one just because I knew
it would be press t on camera but this
is basically adding too many extras all
the extra things you add is designed to
make it cute like confetti sprinkles
some extras like gold leaves firm owned
although this is really pretty it was so
hot mixing just because of all the
charms the chance of massive if there
was smaller ones it would have probably
been a lot easier I created a lot of
work for myself so every time I was
touching it all I could really feel was
that and so I was definitely touched and
it felt really nice but it kind of took
away from it with the chance if you try
this one at home I'd recommend not using
as many charms as I did because I played
with it so much to kind of see if I
could play with it with the charms in it
it created so many bubbles and it became
really really tough after Wiggly enough
and this didn't clear up and I left this
for literally a week but I had really
nice bubble pops and it was still really
fun to play with I got these marshmallow
beads in a pack from Emma B slimes and
the first thing I thought when I saw
them was I have to do another adding too
much of everything into slime video and
I messaged her this and she said that
she sent me this for the exact same
reason so I decided to and see what the
beads into a bow and drop my slime into
this and let me tell you these create
the best crunch even from just slightly
dropping it and you get some crunch and
the moment you touch it it's so fun and
the texture of this is really
interesting because it's really crunchy
but the beads aren't hard that really
really soft so when you're playing with
it is actually super relaxing in all
ways just because it sounds really nice
and it's also
feeling absolutely gorgeous and this
holds in a lot of beads this weren't
absolutely massive and it did dry up the
slime a bit just because of the texture
of the beads I love this I really
enjoyed playing with it and it creates
the nicest bubble crunches when you just
squeeze it it doesn't stretch very well
so I was deciding what to do with that
and I decided to add some sprinkles just
because I thought they look cute
if you made up this point then
congratulations you've made it to the
giveaway part and we're gonna be giving
away three $50 gift cards and if you
live in different parts of the world
don't worry I can just translate the
money over so $50 would just be
translated into your currency and I'm
gonna be giving away anything you want
so it can be school supplies backpacks
can be closed I know everyone has
different needs and they need different
things it can even be shoes if you need
it the main methods of entry are on
screen right now these are the things
you need to do but there's also gonna be
a bunch of extra entries that will up
your chance of winning in the
description all the entries are free you
don't have to pay for anything so let me
know in the comments what type of
giveaways you like seeing because at the
moment I'm doing school supplies just
because I know you guys need that I'm
just wondering what your needs in the
coming months because I want to do more
giveaways thank you so much for watching
I really hope that you enjoyed this
video and if you did don't forget to
give it a thumbs up and I will see you
next week
