hi guys in today's video I go to be
talking you through my top 3 most
creative slime shots with slimes that I
never really see in any other shot so I
hope that you enjoy this video and if
you do don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and also subscribe first up we have
slime marshmallows and they're clear
slimes always stand out to me something
like think so clever about this
avalanche slope is obviously it's made
with clear slime and there are lows or
clear parts that you can see through
she's actually scented the parts that
are metallic so that when you mix it
together it's scented and as you can see
this actually held its color really well
it's a bit rubbery here just because I
put it in the fridge because I didn't
want it to mix before the video but it's
absolutely perfect and it from the
plates so much another super creative
one she sent me was sheep right out and
as you can see this is so so clear and
so thick again I put this one in the
fridge just because it's so hot here at
the moment this slime is amazing so it
comes with the gold flakes on top and
then you get some mix in and then at the
bottom it has all the color and it turns
into a really nice pink at first I
didn't think it was gonna be that dark
because obviously clear slimes go a bit
cloudy but when it cleared up it went so
dark and it was so so pretty sokka's
candy floss is so pretty and when I
opened it I did think it was a tiny bit
tough but I realized this was just
because it doesn't have any wet residue
on the top so the slime itself is a bit
dry and who you stretch out and then it
becomes super fluffy and fun to play
with and as you can see when I'm pushing
it down it isn't a hard slime and it has
the prettiest colors as well it mixes
together to make a pastel lilac and it
smells just like cotton candy
nextslide was so cool so this is a mix
of cloud slime on the top and then clear
slime on the base and this was so fun to
mix in I never mix these two together in
such a capacity where there's not much
cloud slime with it and it was so fun to
drizzle in just because there was so
much more clear slime and I was
expecting this to kind of have a gummy
texture but if there are a lot like a
clay slime which really surprised me and
this inflated so much honestly of two
times the amount of the container and
these look like four ounce containers
for they're actually seven ounces
pink guavas sent it exactly like the
name and it comes with such a nice
marbled class time and again this
doesn't have any wet residue it kind of
comes off tough at first for them the
moment you stretch it it just becomes so
fluffy and beautiful I love how this
looked when it was kind of getting mixed
together just because I had the mix of
the colors and this was so fun to
drizzle in as well I just think her
cloud ceilings are so amazing especially
for the price and the size it's just
flawless when I first saw this slime I
thought it wasn't anywhere near as
creative as her other ones but I was so
wrong the moment I touched that the
texture was just amazing it was so thick
and then the slime was so crunchy it
trapped in so much air just from the
formula
so when you were kind of pushing it down
you've got the crunch on the marshmallow
beads and then also from the slime the
next month of pom-pom foam flow and I
actually really enjoyed playing with
this because it has a really nice
initial crunch as you can see the slime
is also super clear and then it has a
bit of texture in there with the
pom-poms but it doesn't get in the way
and it also has really cute confetti at
the bottom and this slime is just a
really nice basic sign to play with
mango jelly is quite hard to play with
in this container so if you get this I
recommend taking it out but again this
is a really nice thick clear slime again
I put this one in the fridge this one
became way tougher than the rest because
I hadn't melted down at all but it was
so fun to play with and these are the
types of jelly cubes you can squish up
and make into a different textured slime
if you're into that and then go for it I
really enjoyed playing with this one and
as you can see it's just beautiful it
has a really like mango scent as well
and as you can see the slime isn't too
cloudy
strawberry gateau is just so creative it
looks like a layered cake with different
colors on it and then in the middle it
has like a cherry filling and then when
you mix it together it creates like a
dulled lilac color but it's just so fun
to mix in only thing I did notice that
this slide was a lot softer I did enjoy
mixing it in more with my hands when I'm
just like pushing it down on the table
but the drizzle wasn't as smooth and I
don't know if this is just because I
need to add more activator or if it's
because it's a different formula
none of the slimes leaked and they came
wrapped in crap paper and she also sent
me some snow wanders snow mix which I
think she sells and also some pastel
flame beads next up we have Kauai slime
company with cosmic sundae and these
come with two slimes and I originally
didn't know that they were meant to be
mix so I just tried out the textures
separately and the pink slime has a
really thick base and the white one has
a kind of looser one so when they're
mixed in it just makes the creamiest
softest butter slime and it's so fun to
see a mixin just because it's a clay
slime so the colors hold a lot longer
and the charms looks so good in it I
wish I kind of saved the glitter for not
the white one but then I only realized
when I was actually editing the video
that these were meant to be mixed and I
was like oh no
the next one is super cool for me
because this was actually inspired by me
so it's named after me and it's called
Atalissa confetti pop and it's inspired
by my adding too much of everything
video where I added too much confetti
it's so cool this has a putty texture
and when you open up the top I was kind
of confused as to how to do this I
thought you had to like pull out the
bottom at first I was like pulling on it
and then I realized that you were
actually meant to pull off the top and
then all this line came out but this was
a really nice texture it has like a nice
crunch shirt because of the confetti put
some puppy paws it's actually one I
don't think it's been released yet but
this is a super thick clear slime it
looks so beautiful when you're mixing it
in it kind of looks like paint splatters
that have been held in suspension
something that really impressed me about
the slime is it takes a while to get
cloudy so when I was poking on the table
it took about five minutes for it to get
as cloudy as normal clear slimes do and
this was just so fun to mix up because
of it
Tyrel buttercream has a really unusual
texture a plus it kind of feels like a
butter slime but I also think it has
some fake snow in there just because it
feels a little textured to me and it's
super super soft it also comes with some
sprinkles a little fish charm and also a
little straw and when you mix it and it
just adds a bit of texture to it and a
bit of crunch the slime itself is
perfect but I really don't like the
scent that comes with this obviously
it's a personal preference and I know a
lot of people review this and love it
but for me it just isn't my favorite sin
don't feed the unicorns is the slime
that made me fall in love with that
brand and this normally comes with pink
purple and blue but this was just turned
a lot in packaging so it just mixed up
especially with the heat at the moment
but surprisingly it didn't mix and as
you can see the colors do come out a bit
more when you mix it in it's so so fun
to play with it's smell so nice it has a
really sweet scent and it's textured so
so pretty and so spreadable as well
cantaloupe Avila is the clicky estoy in
existence as a mix of clear and white
slime but unfortunately it mixed in
transit just because of the heat and the
package turning around but it normally
comes like a really pretty Avalanche
with some shells on top - mix together
it obviously looks like this and it's so
glossy so clicky and I just love the
feel of this all the fuss science came
sealed and nothing leaks - and it also
always canceled the slime softener and
slime activator in these really cute
containers which I love next up we have
Emma B Sloan's and this is another UK
slime seller alongside slime
marshmallows and this is how gorgeous
sea of Jules slime this is a clear base
slime it kind of feels a little jiggly
so what I did was over out to base it a
tiny bit just so it wouldn't be so
jiggly and have a nicer thicker texture
and this made it's so much more crunchy
my favourite things from her shops are
always the cloud signs they're always so
so creative and this is cloud 9 and as
you can see it comes with a cloud child
and the prettiest glitters as well and
it was it comes with white and blue in
the slime so when you mix up it's just
so so pretty it turns out so fluffy as
well it has a slight white residue but
it isn't so much that it feels gross
when you're touching it and it has a
really fresh scent to it as well
another gorgeous cloud slide from her
shop is fairy floss and I love the
glitters that come with this it's kind
of like a pinky powerful mix and then
underneath it has like a galaxy kind of
marbled looking cloud slime and when you
mix it just looks so so pretty and again
this is slightly wet but it's not as wet
as the previous one and it has a really
thick texture I do find that her class
lines have different formulas some of
them fall really smoothly some of them
are a bit thicker in need
kind of more fluffing up so I think this
is one of the ones that needs more
fluffing up but personally if you like a
dry texture this is the one for you
violet trio is one of my favorites to
just carry around now just because it's
so small so you can pop it in your bag
and to play with on the train especially
as a cloud slime so it doesn't leave any
residue on you this for so smoothly it's
so soft and it's just such a fresh scent
I love this so much I find it really
hard for people to perfect jelly slime
and I know I'm not very good at either
so I know it's a super tough one but
this one just feels amazing I think it's
because it has a lot more clear slime
than it does have snow in there so it
just adds a nice texture and it also has
really nice bubble crunches as well I
thought hungry caterpillar was such a
clever one because obviously
caterpillars are green and then at the
bottom they have some fruit slices which
of things caterpillars eat and it's
added texture with some little foam
beads on the top and I just thought this
is such a creative slow it's quite basic
when you mix up but it has a really nice
feel to it and I just love the theme
around this
funfetti frosting has a tiny bit of clay
in there and loads of sprinkles I love
the texture of this it has a really nice
scent to it as well and it's so soft to
play with and just really really fun if
you like crunchy signs then birthday
cake popcorn is definitely the one for
you I like to switch this up and just
put it upside down just so it has the
beads on the bottom when you take it out
and then it's so so crunchy I don't find
that this one's particularly stretchy
just because it doesn't actually have
much slime in there if you like crunchy
slimes you're gonna really love this one
the base is also so glossy and smells
just like a birthday cake she included
the best actress so she gave me lo some
marshmallow beads a little bubble gun
where you can put like bubbles in it and
it squirts out and then loads of sweets
borax and also a slime Kashi thank you
so much for watching this video I really
hope that you enjoyed it and if you did
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
I will see you next week
