hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing 100% honest review of famous and
underrated slime shops that I've got
slime og in there today which so many of
you have been requesting but first up we
have crafty slime town which is an
Australian slime oh and I've actually
never reviewed any Australian slime shop
before so I was so excited to try this
last night was one of my favorites I've
ever tried and not just because it was
named after me just because the colors
went so well together and I've never
seen a slime that looks like this is a
really thick clear slime but it has a
really light iridescent pace and then
loads of really nice extras which kind
of just go with it cause of the mermaid
tail which looks so nice for the actual
real things in there like the fishbowl
beads in the Yukon skin just works so
well galaxy pop rocks is a jelly cube
stone which normally I don't really get
on with just because jelly cubes are
really hard for me to play with but this
has so much sign with that I actually
didn't find this hard to polka - and I
just play with it like a normal slime
and I just had some added texture on
there with the jelly cubes and as you
can see it's such a beautiful color it's
kind of like a mermaid kind of bluey
green color it's so so pretty and the
color doesn't fade even when it goes
cloudy it smells like sparkling water as
well I always love the slimes that come
with two slimes that you mix into one
just because I love seeing the colors
merge together and it's even more fun
when it comes with extras and this came
with a cake charm and also Cynthia most
slices and as you can see the slime
together is so so thick I didn't get
many clips of it mixing in just because
it's so hot here at the moment so a lot
of my slimes and melting and I had to
reactivate it as you can see as soon as
you reactivate it it just becomes so
nice and even though it's really thick
super easy to spread which I love it
comes really really Airy I'm not sure if
it's made with daizo but it's just so
thick gorgeous and it smells like a
lemon meringue pie
this package spent about two weeks in
transit and it's super super hot in
England at the moment so I was so
shocked that the slime didn't melt I did
find that the colors merged together a
bit easier but this was expected it had
been kind of melting for two weeks and
then it just came out kind of perfect
but as you can see this is with no
activator and it's so so spreadable it
isn't sticky at all but when you
activate it it becomes so much thicker
so gorgeous a really really nice feeling
clay slime and again I don't know if
this is made with dyes oh but it's such
a lovely texture so so thick and I love
the color and the charms that come with
this chocolate butterscotch is another
one that you get to mix in it comes to
some really cute charms and I just love
this it's smell amazing the top bits not
like vanilla and an under bit smart like
a chocolate butterscotch so together it
just not like a really really gorgeous
birthday cake I just couldn't get enough
of this I love the bubbles on the top
when you reactivate it as well because
they're so thick and then the moment you
take it out it's just super creamy and
spreadable Ursula is such a gorgeous
powerful color I don't know if you guys
have seen a little mermaid but I'm
pretty sure it's named after the bad
woman in that and I loved this it was
made with a clear slime so this was a
really interesting texture it had a
really glossy finish as well and was
just super super smooth and it felt
really silky and velvety which normally
clays limestone and it kind of has like
a citrusy grapefruit smell to me
micki mango floss is a really lovely
marble clay slime and it causes some
fatties on the top which I'm pretty sure
offering kauai slum company and the
colors and this are really lovely
they're super vibrant I loved mixing the
sin surprisingly this didn't melts at
all and I always find that class lines
because they're tiny bit wet they do
tend to melt down but this didn't it
didn't feel real smooth we at first when
I Claire flame isn't falling smoothie
all you need to do is add a tiny bit
more activator and then it should work
really well which is exactly what
happened here
and this felt really fresh just like a
mango which is one of my favorite scents
and fruits anyways I love this I love
the color as well and I just left the
whole overall texture of this slime
Pina Colada fairy floss has more of a
fluffy texture than the other one as you
can properly see here there's like a lot
more loose
I personally quite like this just
because I love super fluffy slides but
if you prefer thicker cloud slimes I
would go for the other why I'm addicted
to this scent though it's mostly like
pineapple to me I know this sounds kind
of like pina colada which is meant to be
a mix of things but yeah mostly to me it
smells like pineapple which is one of my
favorite scents
I love fruity scents and this just
smells amazing and it looks really
vibrant and cute and I love the charm
that comes with it as well
one of my favorite things about her shop
is the little extra she includes to put
on top I just think that's so well
thought out and they always work in the
slime like I never feel the need to take
it out but this is Xena is a really
thick and glossy pink light I really
enjoyed poking this slime but it's not
great for kind of like bubble sua's and
like holding an air if you like popping
slimes and this isn't particularly thick
but it's just so glossy it's quite a
like normal standard slime and it smells
like a strawberry daiquiri after
smelling the buttercream chocolate one I
had to high expectations for the scent
on this and I didn't really like it it
kind of smelled like chocolate milk to
me which just is a personal preference
for me not liking it so I guess you guys
would probably like it but this feels
amazing it looks just like Coco Pops to
me super crunchy on the top and it has a
thick kind of clay base on it and then
some confess ease in there as well and
it's really the really lovely texture to
play with it's just the scent that I'm
not hugely fond of on this
everything came really well packaged it
was all bubble wraps the containers
looked amazing as well I love the
detailing on it it has a really nice
design everything was just so so well
presented and she included the best
extra so I got all of this Australia
merch so I guess I'm gonna have to visit
you guys soon and also loads and loads
of treats I actually couldn't fit
ordered them in the screen just because
there was so much and was just some
borax and some normal standard cash
sheet stuff next up we have fancy
squeeze and I was so in love with the
colors for this is absolutely gorgeous
it's a really really dry clay slime and
clay slime it's a clown slime who really
try cloud slime it was just so so
beautiful to mix in as you can see all
the colors go really well it doesn't mix
the create prettiest color but I just
love watching the colors mixing
originally that I just didn't really
mind so at first it kind of went to a
gray color but as you kind of left it it
turned green on the outside but kind of
purple on the inside so I guess the
colors kind of settle its falls really
smoothly the camera didn't really catch
yeah I don't really know why but it just
didn't look great on camera but it is
really nice in real life and as a super
super fresh scent too as well
this slime is named after her account
which I just think is such a cute little
touch and this package was sent to me
ages ago I know a lot of big slime
accounts and naming slimes after
themselves now but this was just an
original one is lovely clay base it has
some fake snow in there I think it's
kind of textured and it comes with all
of these lovely charms and the colors
kind of like a vibrant orange which the
camera doesn't really want to pick up
very well it was a super sunny day and
it was basically like mom stop filming
me but it's really pretty it has some
nice little flame beads in there as well
and I just love the texture of this and
has a really fun like citrusy scent but
like I can't really put my finger on it
this is one of my favorite scented
slimes I've ever done scent just because
it reminds me from milkshake I used to
have when I was younger and it's a mix
of like Nutella scent and also banana
but the bananas really light so if you
don't like banana don't worry about it
it just adds a hint of fruitiness and
they're so the chocolate smell isn't too
heavy and this is a mix of Java chips
and it was just some foam beads and it
has a really thick glossy base they
inflate so much which actually guys know
I love and I just love this foam I think
it's absolutely amazing I don't know why
but the colors that she uses my camera
does not want to pick up but this is a
super vibrant red it's really really
thick as you can see the clay slime is
just gorgeous
it comes with these really nice charms
and as you can see even though it's
super thick it's still so spreadable
which is kind of like unheard of but
it's just such a nice texture I really
love this slime and I love the sizzles
it gives wah berry cheesecake kind of
has that like artificial blueberry
pancake smells if you guys like that
this is the slime for you because this
is a super nice soft clay base line it
also has some small flowing beads in
there so it's really good for just like
taking in the car so you can have to
take a big slime and I think this is so
fun to play with
they bubble-wrap everything and nothing
leads and they also included some really
really nice extras which I normally
don't get so it was super fun to trade
them all next up we have slim OG and I
was so not ready for how beautiful her
slimes would be so Reese's Pieces are
the new slime from her which I think I
ordered in the first week but being
available and there wasn't a video when
I kind of like bought it so I just just
like what Risa smells nice and the sly
is probably gonna be nice good slime OG
but I was not ready for how thick and
glossy this slime would be I think it's
a clay base but it's just beautiful it's
such a nice texture has some little like
chips in there which obviously aren't
very visible because there's just so
much slime besides it and it's not just
like like a peanut buttery chocolate
scent I also ordered her classic la so
classic and classic Atari milk tea and
this is a really similar base of the
other one it's so thick and the camera
doesn't do it justice it's so fun to
play with in real life is one of those
slimes that you keep going back into
your slime room to just kind of poke and
play with it's just so so fun I love
playing with this and I didn't know what
I was going to expect from the tea scent
I was kind of expecting to smell but tea
bags have but this is like a fresh black
tea scent and it kind of smells like a
fruity hint of it but it isn't like a
fruity scent it's quite hard to explain
but this is just a beautiful slime
I was so impressed with slim og and I
can definitely see why she's one of the
biggest shops and on the bottom she
actually has a mini clone care sheet
which is so so clever and she also
includes a slime care card Borak and
also a sweet thank you so much for
watching this video I really hope that
you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I will
see you next week
