hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
telling you all about my top 5 slime
shop and I'm also doing a huge $500
giveaway just as they thank you so much
for a million subscribers all of my
videos have been pre-recorded so I
haven't been able to say thank you yeah
but I really appreciate it so first up
we have glitter slimes and she's in my
top 5 just because her scents are so
unique for me that's actually really
important because I traced so many slows
properly about like 50 slimes a week and
so many of them come from the same scent
shop so they smell the same but with
hers they are so different they're
always such a nice blend and this time
especially it's probably one of my
favorite she sent me it's so thick so so
clicky which I also don't find with
slime shots I normally find if they're
thick they don't click another amazing
thing about her shop is the little
customized drawings on the boss in which
I don't normally see done with slime I
think maybe snoop slimes does it but
yeah not many people I am obsessed with
this one though it's so crunchy at the
top because underneath it's a clay slime
so it kind of creates a really crunchy
layer at the top for some reason which
is so nice
but in the moment you mix it in it's
just so creamy and dreamy it's scented
just like the name like fruit pebbles
brownie bites is a Java chip slide but
it has a clay base and the weirdest
thing about her clay slimes is that
they're still really clicky even though
they're clay slimes and they still feel
like normal class lines I don't think
they're made with dough so just because
it doesn't have that airy feel and it's
also really shiny so I thought it was a
different type of clay used but whatever
it is it's so soft and super nice and I
also love how the Java chips are cut in
this because I don't really know how to
play with like jelly cube or job of chip
these are cut so small though it doesn't
get in the way of the slime and you can
play with it however and the small for
this is also gorgeous it smells like a
fresh-baked brownie
multiple nanometers is another really
nice one I like this just because it's
so thick and glossy and really different
but kind of similar to the last time I
reviewed so it's still the Java chip but
it's just such a different base that it
changes the entire slime and I normally
don't like bananas sense but this one is
again amazing I think she uses like a
special scent for this probably a mixed
one but it's so so nice another thing
that really impresses me with her shop
is the really creative extras because
she doesn't just include charms she also
includes like sweets like this one came
with a honeycomb flavored sweet which
personally wasn't to my liking but I
just loved the whole feel with this
package I love this line because I love
food and it's cool starburst but it
comes with two Starbucks and it comes
with loads of different colored flame
Beauty just to represent the starburst
colors and it's also scented like cherry
strawberry lemon and orange which are
all of the starburst flavors which are
actually kind of different in the UK
this is a complete going off track but
for starburst we have purple one which
is blackcurrant we have lime which is
really really good new guys are missing
out on that and then we have strawberry
which tastes different to your
strawberry parsley I prefer our store be
a bit more it's more flavorsome and this
is a slime review go back to talk about
slime this slime is clicky and it has
nice foam beads and I enjoy it this
slime smell is amazing it's most just
like the Rockstar slope from lush and
I'm obsessed with lush I love the smells
in there so when I smelt this I was like
girl I know what said use this slime
actually really impressed me as well I
remember seeing on her account ages ago
she was saying she couldn't make clouds
like so I didn't have high hopes for
this but this is so fluffy the probably
the
our fears clouds never ever tried I'm
gonna go there and also what really
impressed me about this was it sizzles I
don't know if there's some clay in there
but it's amazing it actually makes the
nicest sounds which is really surprising
it's so creamy it drizzles so smoothly
and it's so fluffy
the crunch on this line was so good I
normally don't really like marshmallow
beads I've never found them to be that
crunchy in the past but this had a
really thick and clicky base so I don't
know if that helped I love this and I
couldn't put my finger on what the scent
was so I went to the website and it says
a thick and glossy purpley blue Basin -
like cotton candy green apple and
berries which doesn't really sound like
it would work but it really does it's
just like a really fruity but sweet
scent but not overbearing at all
funfetti milkshake is a really thick
last lime it has a tiny bit of fallout
but I think this might just be because
she knew she was shipping it overseas so
she wanted it over activates it a bit
this force so smoothly though it's
really really doughy it kind of reminds
me of a cloud cream and again it sizzles
I think they properly put in clay
because I don't know how else they would
get the sizzle no other cloud Slone does
this and as you can see it's just such a
gorgeous
texture it almost looks like a busser
you know what I think they put yeah it
must put clay slime in there but it's
really really nice I love this and it
also smells like a cake it smells like a
buttercream cake
everything came bubble wrapped but her
eight hunting with a little sealable
thing around it as well and I loved that
she sent a little sample of her slime
because I never see companies really do
this I've tried loads of slime and I've
never received like a slime as an extra
but with this it comes with a cute
little heart container and the slime
itself was so so nice the slime type is
also my first 100% on answer for you and
their signs really setting the bar for
everyone else because I feel like if I
got average slimes I would just feel
like yeah this slimes amazing it's a
kind of everyone but with this I was
just like you know what best time it's
really special I knew I loved Amanda
slimes and also Amanda is really cool in
Instagram she always gives like pep
talks if you want to go follow her there
but this time is amazing it's a really
thick and glossy one as you can see the
colors are just so complementary and the
beads just look it looks so nice it
makes you want to eat it but obviously
it's slime don't eat slime peanut butter
okay let's start again peanut butter
chopped it cook IDO sounds like a wrap
Sussman this was the slime that made me
fall in love with her shop I still play
with the slime that I bought like a year
ago and it's so so nice it's still
really like fluffy but it's kind of
deflated just because that's what
happens if it slimes in general
especially clay signs but as you can see
this is so thick and creamy it's so Airy
as well and the scent is like a peanut
butter cookie scent it's changed
slightly before it was really just like
peanut buttery so I guess this is more
tolerable if you don't like peanut
butter
Safi candy is such a nice crease lime
and it's slow vibrant and it comes to
the pack of the zoo and confetti hearts
I actually kept this in my extra so
you'll see at the end you can add em but
I really like clay slimes that are just
plain so I left it as it is but as you
can see it's so so spreadable I love the
way it falls it just looks really
perfect and the scent on this is amazing
it's scented like the lush candy fluff
and it's just so so nice everything came
really securely packaged with bubble
wrapping and nothing leaks and her
actors are so adorable all of her
packages come with an extra a slime
Kashi and also some borax next up we
have Stein's by Mitchie who is
originally called Girl Scout slime and
she was one of the amazing underrated
Slimers that made me carry on with the
underrated slime reviews because her
spines are just out of this world as you
can see this slime is so thick
absolutely beautiful it has some piles
in there it's also so clear and it's not
Center to keep the clarity I played with
this before because it melted in the
blog post just because it's hot at the
moment and as you can see it didn't
cloud up at all it stays so pretty and
for a cliff slime this is actually super
affordable so I really love this I never
read the info cards before play with the
slime because I'm just a child and I
really like playing with Slom so I go
straight for and at first I thought this
was meant to be a cloud slime so I was
like girl this does not feel like a
cloud slime why's this so creamy and
then I realized it was actually a cloud
cream and the colors were absolutely
beautiful with this they mixed together
to create a really nice purple and
here's me trying to drizzle it because
like it was a cloud slime but it's a
cloud cream so it's meant to look like
this oh I was being so critical I was
like why is this not drizzling she sent
me to other cloud signs and they were
perfect but yeah this one just didn't
and it's because it wasn't a cloud slime
but this is really nice
you know confer hello there is a cloud
slam and this drizzles so smoothly at
first it was a bit wet and kind of just
like falling apart because I left it
sitting around my house for a while and
also it was really hot in transit so I
had to activate it but as soon as I did
this start is flowing so smoothly
it looks like the slime og class slimes
that everyone tries to replicate because
they are perfect and as you can see this
is just so fluffy it comes to the
gorgeous charm some nice little shimmers
in that and it's so white normally I
find with slimes that kind of like an
off-white especially if things added in
but this is so nice and creamy gooey
Starbucks was definitely a standout
slide for me just because this looked
exactly like sweets it feels like mostly
a clear baseline but I would say she's
put a tiny bit of white glue just to
give her that sweet effect and it also
has really shiny and Java chips in there
which aren't normally like that so I
don't know if she's like coasted them in
this shiny thing herself but I just
think the slime is amazing and it smells
like cherry sweet bits as you guys know
I'm obsessed with so I think this is
just an amazing really cool slime cake
clouds did not melt at all even though
it was sitting around in the heat for
about a month and a half and as you can
see this is a thick thick thick cloud
slime I really love this just because it
was so dry as well and all of her class
likes a different texture it isn't like
she's just using the same base and kind
of naming them and setting them
different things that all genuinely
really different and that's what I love
about her shop I don't normally love
jelly cube science but this one was
really nice I love the base of this just
because of all the now confess it was so
pretty it was really nice to squish in
your hands but I didn't really like
poking it against the table but that's
just my personal preference the slime
itself is amazing and the cubes actually
squashed up which I really love doing
and if you'd like you can squish up all
the cubes and it can just change it into
a different texture slime on her Bora
expecting she wrote borax not drugs and
it was in a little Avenue so thick and
for some reason this just made me love
so much she also included some sweets of
 and some flame beads next up we
have slime pot there slime is always so
creative and I was so shocked to see
they have under 20,000 followers I
thought they were actually a huge
account just because of how good their
slimes were but they were really
underrated to count so do go and check
them out after this video the first
thought I reach for in my package was
unicorn floof just because this looks so
thick and I love the colors of this
those pink blue and purple and when you
mix it in because the slime so thick it
doesn't mix in instantly so you can
watch the colors mixing for ages I would
say probably about like two minutes it's
a really really long time and it goes
from looking like marble to a really
nice like kind of passively bright it's
hard to explain because it isn't a
bright purple but it's a really light
purple but it's also still really
vibrant which I just think it's also I
don't know how they did it but it's a
really smooth falling slime so so thick
it doesn't have any residue and it's
super super dry you know con bake him
with so many chance and I don't know
every package gets this but I really
hope they do because it was my favorite
part of it and at first this just looks
like a normal phone as you can see when
I go under it kind of has some like fake
snow in there but the plastic kind I
would say this slime has a soft crunch
it's really really nice I love playing
with it it has a really nice texture to
it which is super unusual unicorn
buttercream is quite a basic one but I
quite like that I really like thick and
clicky signs which is what this is is a
clay based slime and it has some really
nice confetti in the bottom and the
shade of pink is also really pretty
I was absolutely obsessed with the
unicorn smoothie I don't know if this is
just like a slow smooth you or if it's
just called this but it's a really thick
clear slime and it looks kind of like
opaque I don't know if it's a mix of
normal slime and clear slang because it
feels like fully clear slime I think
they might have used opaque paint in
there but it's really really nice one it
smells like berries I really enjoyed
this and it comes with a really nice
like head to unicorn piece which I
thought was pretty unusual normally you
don't get things as big as this with
slimes you get like an elastic band
attached to a unicorn with this one but
this is unicorn love potion it's a
really thick clear slime as you can see
it has some fishbowl beads in there but
it isn't like mainly a fishbowl it's
just some to add some texture and it has
loads and loads of unicorn flakes in
that has some Holly ones which you can
probably see in the bottom right corner
and also some blue ones and some little
hearts I think that like the type of
hearts used to have a necklaces when you
were young but they are so nice and it
creates the nicest crunches I don't know
what it is about the shade of blue but
every single time I receive a slime like
this I'm like wow this is so pretty and
this has a really nice crunch to it it
reminds me of the glitter science
mermaid slime is a really nice blue it
has some nice crunch in there and it's
also just super thick and clicky I'd
never felt a jelly slime before so when
I saw this it kind of just looked like a
clear sign that I've been really over
activated and like had stayed cloudy so
I did already want to touch this just in
case that's what happened but then when
I did I was so glad I did that's such a
gorgeous texture so it has these
microbeads in that and it's so nice
because it doesn't create a crunch with
it it just adds really nice texture to
it and the jelly
slam kind of feels like a clear slime
that's really thick that's the only way
to describe it and there's some Auggie's
in there as well which add some color
make it look a bit press yet parsley I
know this lime isn't the prettiest but I
really love the textures the first thing
I noticed that this slime was that I got
a firmer wheel so I could add I think it
might be called fume fimo I'm not sure I
always pronounce things wrong just let
me know in the comments but it's a
really nice line to add stuff into it's
a really unusual thing to have normally
people add their stuff in there already
but this is a really thick and clicky
slime as you can see it's super glossy
as well and I love the charm that comes
with this we're having a heat wave in
the UK at the moment so I had to
reactivate this fishes why is a bit
cloudy but this is melted Unicorn is a
really nice slime it has fish bones
about the place and it also has some
really nice I think that like pink and
purple ombré beads in that you can't see
it very clearly on the screen my
favourite thing in this is the hollow
flakes and you can't actually see
they're hollow that much on camera you
can get like mini glimpses but it's not
like really really obvious but in real
life is absolutely gorgeous and I love
this slime
so her standard extra pack comes with
some borax a little instruction assaults
a little extra as well and when I saw
the sorts I was like wow and then I saw
she concluded like a whole bag as well I
can't speak because I'm so excited right
now and she can see that we'll eaten
because they are my favorite sweets ever
we've also got some cherry Jolly
Ranchers I'm just obsessed with American
cherry sweets they taste so much better
than sweets over here and she also
included this iridescent makeup bag
which I love I think it's so pretty and
it cost like five dollars I don't know
where she got it from but it's amazing I
would pay like a billion dollars for
this ass but not least we have
loominatee slime and a thing I love
about her business it's just how
professional she is she doesn't have the
biggest following she definitely has a
really big following but is it like the
hugest one that she's definitely up
there in professionalism as the big
shops and I think her slimes are amazing
so her clear signs always stand out for
me and this one is no exception it's
absolutely beautiful it has some pulse
lambs in there it's so clear it's so
crunchy and it's also a fish ball base
so it's really soft on your hands it
doesn't have school
Straub Nana was definitely meant to be
more than one color but it mixed in in
transit and I had to reactivate it so
this is the color it turns out it's so
thick I love the texture of this as you
can see it's just a really really nice
shiny smile I love the thick texture of
this and the clicks it gives I just
think the slime is absolutely amazing
and I love playing with this it's just
so relaxing even though it's a super
basic slime it's really unusual the
colors for this one mixed up in transit
but it's still so pretty it's cool
mythological wit and this is just like a
pinky purple blue I think it was meant
to be but as you can see it just kind of
turned into mostly purple which is the
outcome of it and this is a really nice
smooth bus of slime I'm obsessed with it
it has some flow beads in there for
texture and once you activate so that it
becomes so thick it was a sin confetti
at the bottom but they're like really
really long confetti pieces I pass they
really like this because it isn't
something I've experienced much but this
is such a creamy slime and as you can
see all of her slimes are just really
nice to play with even though they
aren't the most complex of slimes
they're really really unique Jigglypuff
is always my favorite Pokemon growing up
just because it was pink and I just
thought it was such a nice slime to have
it just reminded me so much of my
childhood and this is the clay slime but
a really glossy clay slime I ask that
you love it it's so creamy are you think
this sounds kind of like a strawberry
one I think maybe a sweet one I'm so bad
at describing sense it's a really nice
one isn't overpowering at all again this
is super creamy it's not as thick as the
other clay slime which I personally
really like
sugarbear has such nice colors in it it
has a really nice base color it's kind
of like a light blue but kind of teal
color and then it has some nice little
beads in there which is super
complementary and this is a crunchy
slime with a white glue base I love the
feel of this I don't normally like white
Klee um flames when there's lows and
Mosby's in there but this one was an
exception
I found bubble grapes actually really
hard to play with on camera just because
there was so many pom-poms and now I
really like this for squishing but just
but normal slime stuff I wouldn't like
particularly like it but I really like
squishing things up in my hand and using
Simon so stressful so I really love this
one it smells like grapes as well and
it's a really nice one to play with it's
just really hard to show on camera
everything came bubble wraps and also
sealed and she included the best actress
she always does the sink we did some
slime supplies some cute little face
masks and cute things and I just loved
this thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoy this
so to say a huge thank you for a million
subscribers I just wanted to give you
guys something back and I could have
been doing a $500 giveaway with five
winners going $100 worth of prizes each
and obviously I have slime shot contacts
if you want that jizz there let me know
or I could just buy stuff for you or you
can choose what you want it doesn't have
to be slow these are the must-do entries
and it's also going to be extra entries
in the description I really hope that
you enjoyed this video and if you did
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
I will see you next week
