hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
reviewing some famous and underrated
slime shops and I really hope that you
enjoy it first up we have beaver slime
with that iconic snack pack and if you
don't know what a snack pack is it's
basically a chocolate pudding so they
include a really cute message arm it's
super heavy and good quality just to
scoop up the chocolate with and it's so
much fun to play with this crease really
good clicks as well but the slime itself
is just wonderful it's so so glossy and
really soft and I find that a lot of
thick slides at the moment have quite a
rubbery feel and I like that because it
is really horrible but this is just
wonderful to play with it's most just
like a chocolate pudding and it inflates
so much snack pack vanilla has the exact
same texture as the snack pack original
it's just a different flavor and also
color and this to me smells like ice
cream and the gang comes with the spoon
super super clicky and I love the bubble
crunches this one gives I think I over
activated this one slightly and they let
it melt super nova girl is one of the
most beautiful sights I've ever seen but
it also has the best Sun it's scented
like cherry and blue raspberry which is
a mixture I don't think I've smoked
before because I couldn't stop smelling
this and this is a really gorgeous cloud
slime it isn't the most drizzly but it's
definitely one of the most beautiful I
have it's covered in like nel confetti I
think it is and it comes in two
different colors which then mixes to
give a kind of dulled purple color I
don't really mind this because I find
that when it's it's it becomes more
bright again for some reason and it was
so has this gorgeous star charm which is
just a lovely touch
when I reviewing slimes I always start
off with the slimes I think I like the
most just because I find this the
easiest to film and when I read the name
for this one I instantly thought it was
gonna be a jelly kind of like icy slime
which is my least favorite texture so I
was leaving its lost and I was really
pleasantly surprised when it actually
wasn't that texture it might have a base
of those things but it mainly has fake
plastics though in it and was there some
flame beads so it's a really interesting
texture and again this smells amazing
like all of her slides do is blue
raspberry and oh just amazing so so
lovely
I feel like this is such a rave review
but I can't stop saying good things
about her slide the thing I really loved
about this is you get to add the glitter
and also the charm in yourself and I
know a lot of people let you add in the
char by hardly any let you add in the
glitter so it just makes it so much more
fun and the slime itself was really
sizzle e to begin with and then when he
took it out it's just super soft and
creamy and the scent for this let me
talk about the Sun this is amazing it's
most just like pineapple which i think
is such an underrated sentence i'm i
think i have two slimes that are scented
like pineapple in my collection of over
600 slimes so you guys need to start
using pineapple cents more because they
are amazing it's so fresh and I just
thought this line was awesome so soft
and so spreadable
protoss I was good but it wasn't one of
my favorites and I don't know if that
just because the rest of her slides were
so good and this was just like a normal
level of good there was nothing wrong
with it don't get me wrong it was just a
really nice slime but not my personal
preference I think that's what the
problem was it's a really soaking clay
slime it isn't it dies own one I don't
think it kind of has a rubbery feel to
it but it's not bad like I think a lot
of people would like this it's very
holdable it smells amazing it smells
like aftershave like men's aftershave
but a sweetened version of that and it
comes with a lot of hollow glitters I
actually had to activate this cuz it
came a bit melted but it came with a
huge layer of hollow at the bottom
everything came really well secured and
packaged the only thing that leaked a
tiny bit was choco poop I think it's
just because she filled it to the
absolute brim because quite a lot fell
out and as you can see there was still
loads left she gave me a daizo cube a
letter it's in classic extras with my
borax or care sheets and sweets and also
some cute little beaver stickers which I
really love I can't believe I've been
doing these reviews over a year now but
about a year ago I reviews audiece lands
and everyone's been asking for her
slides to be reviewed again because she
just keeps improving and first up we
have cow cream this is so thick just so
so thick really glossy it does have a
bit of a rubbery feel to it but
personally I don't mind that I really
like thick signs and this is one that I
really like but I know that some people
just like soft slime so this wouldn't be
great for you kind of has like a sweet
cream Sun I would say and it's really
inflating this has improved so much
since I lost tried out I like them and I
lost tri tip I didn't think it was
anything amazing but this is just
amazing it's so thick so soft and the
smell is just like lemon poppy seed
batter I found the last once about a bit
like lemon curd looking back on it but
this
smile you just can't stop smelling the
glitters don't leak in my opinion and
like you can see it's just so soft and
the first clip it was a bit over
activated but in this one it's fully
melted down and just so creamy and
lovely to play with I just can't rave
about this one enough this is definitely
one of my top 15 slides and I say that
but just because I've tried so many
shops and there are so many amazing ones
but this is just really special the only
thing is that as you can see here the
glitter falls out on the table a bit
personally to me that isn't an issue at
all when the slime is this good
for extra she included I love all these
slime bands and glue system for AK and
AK a she next up we have dr. J slime
shop and the first time I reach for was
spider-man just because I thought it was
super creative and I love the colors of
this at first they were just the colors
of spider-man but when you mix them they
turn into a deep purple my favorite most
unusual unexpected thing about the
Senate was that it was fresh Apple for
some reason I was just expecting like a
typical kind of deep and dark smell for
spider-man but it was really really
refreshing my one criticism of this
slime is that is quite dense but I
spoken to him and he's reformulated and
said it's really light and airy now
snack the spice bag definitely has to do
my favorite slime from him it was just
so clicky and so glossy and I don't know
how he captured this glossy throughout
the whole time I was playing with it it
stayed this shiny even when it was
really impressive if you fold it over it
was still glossy you see he must have
like a super secret ingredient and there
really was something about this as well
is it scented like cheesecake which I
find it's quite an uncommon scent and I
really loved the pairing of the color
and the scent mystical monkey flower was
probably my least favorite slime he sent
me it was still really good don't get me
wrong but this foam was dense dense
dense it was just so so thick and I
found that even when you stretch it out
you have to use really long arms to get
it to this drizzly texture and it does
drizzle really well and is a really
gorgeous pink and has one of my favorite
scents it's a pink sugar set which to me
just must like a really sweet women's
perfume which I am a big fan of and this
is just really doughy that's the one
criticism I have the slime in itself is
beautiful but just the formula and like
he's told me he has reformulated so I
hope now there is a lot lighter and then
it would just be perfect
blueberry raspberry taffy is so so nice
to play with it is a clothesline I don't
think it uses dyes oh this is really
silky and I think it might have a clear
base I found that this is really shiny
which is what makes me say that but it
was just really lovely texture I just
kept reaching for it was very soft smelt
like blue raspberry like the name
suggests very vibrant in color as well
and very spreadable Wampus sorbet was
probably my favorite cloud slime he sent
and I think this has a slightly
different formula because as you can see
this is a lot more loose and it comes
with two colors it was actually very
vibrant to pick up on camera so it kind
of looks for us and is less like this in
real life but it's very vibrant very
soft to play with this while so if he
has reformulated it it will be to
perfection this drizzled amazingly and
it's not like a bomba sorbet like the
name suggests
when there's a package that I've left
more than two weeks containing a Chris I
might always fear to touch it because I
think it's gonna be melted but I found
that this time had not melted it was so
thick I think it probably has glycerin
in it but I just found that it really
lasts it a long time and no matter how
long you left it if it was a month it
was still saying perfect condition this
is a shot of it being kind of cloudy
because I'd play with it before but it
comes really clear if you guys have
regular viewers of my channel you will
know how obsessed I am with cherry
flavored things so when I saw this slime
I was so excited and the smell was
amazing it smells just like a cherry
snow cone the one big crystals in my
half of this slime it's just it isn't
weird because the slime itself isn't
over activated I think it's just because
there's such a thick layer of beads you
can't actually appear with it in the
container you have to take it out
because I found that when I was trying
to push my fingers into it it just
wasn't working it was chipping my nail
polish it was very tough but then once
it's all stretched out it's very nice to
play with with bubbles but it isn't
great if you just want to I in my
opinion play with it in your palm of
your hand
unless it's super inflated because it is
very tough
mythical nebula did meltdown a bit and
this is completely my fault because I
left this package for a while but this
is some gorgeous touch - it was so
crunchy I was so shocked and impressed
by this and it comes in three beautiful
colors but I did find when it was mixed
it wasn't the best color pairing it did
kind of look like a sugar body scrub I
would say but to me this just isn't a
very pretty slime but the texture is
fantastic so if you don't mind how it
looks I would really recommend this
slime it has the best crunches but I
really like I love the Sun it's rainbow
sherbet and it's just it's just a great
textured slime it's just the color that
was a bit of an issue for me
for extras he included two squishies
loads of sweets and two instruction
packs of how to activate your slab
meltdown and also to borax packs thank
you so much for watching this video I
really hope that you enjoyed it I'll be
back on Friday with another video and I
hope to see you there thank you again so
much for watching and I will see you
very soon
