hi guys today's video is going to be a
little different note just because I'm
showing my face we're going to be doing
a Korean offenses to Lisa slime
challenge and we're basically could it
be doing that I could find challenge
making slang backwards Adam I wasn't
going to be surprising some viewers with
a present on their life what is that
okay my life I use coffee ice cream
smells so good well I feel like it kind
of fit together
it did okay that was crazy next up we're
going to be making slide back foot so
obviously gonna be adding tax basis I
think we should do this no authority
backward which Aaron yes weird okay I've
never done oh my gosh you know this so
weird
your looks really good my face looks
weird it's a little bit tight whispering
faces
okay it does indoors looks pretty good
thank you
yours looks way better than mine - kind
of like I don't know what it is a really
dissolves in I've never made sign
backward before oh my gosh this is so
weird delay just isn't mixing in
oh my gosh what is happening see I don't
know what the hell's happening to my
like it's not even coming together
mine's kind of coming together that the
dice eggs like a completely separate
mine is just weird I think okay so this
looks like it's finally working
I just don't understand what happened
because I I added relax after that I
activate it after it's fine I didn't see
my months grace now I just look like
sick innocent Cornish Apple rocks yours
I mean I added some all right it looks
what you find is that sticky though I'm
getting so I'm just fine either it's
like see it looks way better than mine
because mine wasn't even to me
so I think mine is kind of ready I don't
know I feel like the the doctor claims
are really mixing in yeah the timing
something funky my own what is it
actually you know why I kind of like
these lines yeah let's do it
like so get it actually super soft maybe
it's yours
okay your smells amazing I think yours
was amazing no yours is so sob I think
together they're gonna make you bring it
all together okay
yeah Karina and I ran out of time and we
slightly sweating literally at me to you
and we've decided that we get to
surprise you guys at the book signing
for Karina's new book and also just
surprise some of you guys on the
livestream Wow okay so we found a new
place to film we're basically in like a
meeting room yeah we're gonna be
surprising to you guys I'm excited
you're gonna try it again hopefully this
but we've done we've done like how many
fathers total and they've all failed
somehow literally like the bus husband
just didn't speed it would like from you
because they couldn't hear us we
couldn't hear them and then the other
one like it she was too sure if you want
to do a new exciting
look at it hey we just happened earlier
I don't know why it does is it just goes
Moo but if you can hear us
hey guys it's so nice talking to you
guys we're actually filming a video
right now and I was on it up we actually
just filming right now so we're
surprising
I wonder if we're going to be able
humans hey God we could hear you at all
you can hear us either right okay can
you hear us now we can you guys right
now we're filming a video right now this
is a video right now hey hey how are you
oh man it's a freezer I said birthday
see she said she gave me the biggest oh
we've linked a video right now for my
main channel okay this is the second
small space and we're gonna do your sign
so good exact point and that looks so
good
ace my queen I see you hold on can I
show the world here do it pretty far I
want to show everybody looks so good and
looks are so good Queen there's circuit
coverage is so great thank you so much
for watching this video I really hope
that you enjoyed it and enjoys saw my so
fun like it was a really rush day we
were saying we had like half an hour to
for both of our guys but I think I'm
pretty good Karina's video will be
linked down below don't forget to select
whiskey bunny on Instagram
and I hope you enjoyed this video and I
will see you next week bye
