hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a 100% honest review of famous and
underrated slang shops nothing off with
wacky slams that's up we have some
moonlight transcloud slime and I love
the color combination of this it's so
pretty and because they're pastel colors
when you mix it in it doesn't even make
a gross color and I also love that it
comes with a really nice ombre charm and
I found this was just the fluffiest
cloud slime ever as you can see from
just pulling it a few times it drizzles
so smoothly slosh just like cotton candy
and I looked at the description for this
because it kind of smells like a really
sweet cotton candy and she says it's
like blue cotton candy mixed with normal
cotton candy and this comes with the
prettiest little glitters as well and
they actually match my nails I was
obsessed with though it's kind of like
iridescent glitters and I thought it was
so pretty lumpy Space Princess is so
beautiful as you can see that's
iridescent glasses on top and it comes
with a little hollow star and I found
this so interesting because as you can
see this is a cloud slime and when I
take it out of the container I remember
thinking this looks kind of soggy so I
looked at the information pack and found
that this was made with clay glue I've
never seen a cloud so I made with clay
before so when I was playing with that I
was really kind of thrown off I guess
because it doesn't feel at all like
normal cloud slimes
it kind of feels like a really thick
dough when you're pushing down on it and
when you're trizol in it it doesn't fool
like a cloud slime it has like clear
glue strings holding it together so it's
really cool
every time I say earth they float I want
to say birthday flame but it's Earth Day
and it smells just like Earth like not a
kind of dirt sand but kind of like that
earthy scent like you smell it and you
feel like you're in a spa and you're
just like mmm this smells like the world
you know what I mean and this kind of
has like a blue to green color shift
it's so so crunchy so jelly like it's
more like it doesn't kind of lack on the
queer glue and I'm obsessed with this
lofty VA normally covers of more colors
but this has been transit for like three
weeks at the post office before the
customs and stuff so this only came with
purple and pink purple and pink purple
and blue this isn't the dress sock and
this is such a thick and glossy slime I
did have to reactivate this one this was
literally the only one I had to
reactivate though I did mention this to
her I was so impressed it's lime is so
thick though and it smells just like
peaches and cream which is a really
unusual scent for like this color slime
I I dig it I think it's cool and it
inflates so much and cause just such a
little cute bunny tongue look at it so
cute
the torah's fuzzy belly felt so cool so
I had some snow slime in there but it
also had loads of dyes oh so it's like a
butter slime but more creamy and this is
my like sugar cookie and it was I kind
of felt like a sugar cookie like done
and this was just really nice super
creamy super super thick as you can see
here
frosted ocean waves is so pretty so it's
made up of blue and white pearls the
blue being on the bottom and it smells
like ocean kind of like that fresh
cotton scent so so nice I'm just wanting
you now though if you have long nails do
not buy this slime because it's so hard
to get out the container without
breaking or like chipping one of your
nails if you have short nails go for it
it's a really fun Sloane to play with
once it's out of the pack and it's so so
pretty as well I always feel so
embarrassed whenever I show you the
jelly cubes like cuz I don't know how to
play with them but a really nice line
frozen mango chunks look just like the
name it has such a thick base the clear
slime is so so thick so fun to play with
and it comes just so much jelly that it
doesn't hurt your hands apple pie
filling smushed just like a born baked
pie and this looks so good when it's
cloudy because it looks like the insides
like once you've cooked them little
strawberry pulse is so so nice again
this is another past line so it's gonna
be very hard if you have a long nails to
kind of get this out a container but
it's very fun to play it once it's out
it's very crunchy it smells just like
strawberries like real strawberry well
actually she gave me some red clay loads
of tea some squishies and everything was
packaged so well one of the containers
broke but everything was bubble wrap to
completely wasn't her fault and because
it was a cloud slime it didn't even try
out next up we have a package from slime
bananas and this is a free tea palace
area and this is such a thick base as
you can see it's so so glossy as well
senseless it is a mystery scent but I'm
pretty sure my smell like cereal milk
and this inflates so much and become so
fluffy
Pisco placenta just like the name is a
really really fresh peep to son such a
crunchy slide a really thick base but it
doesn't feel like it just has clear
slime in that I feel like there's a bit
of texture added in there but it isn't
obvious and I can't exactly tell you
what it is because I'm not sure either
but it comes with jelly cute slimes
flowing beads and also those marshmallow
flowing beads and I love the texture of
this this is probably my favorite time
she sent me I keep playing with up the
manna pudding that has such a gorgeous
drizzle on it it's much just like fresh
bananas and it has these really cute
brown flame beads in there to kind of
mimic nuts which I thought was such a
nice touch it does have slightly wet
residues on it so if you don't like that
I would avoid this personally isn't much
of an issue to me especially when it's
so soft and drizzly I really like it I
think it's awesome peppermint Marsh is
my favorite slime that she sent me it's
so special it has such a thick and
glossy base and the phloem beads in that
are so soft and it comes with really
cute little like peppermint chunks
they're not like hard in your hands but
they kind of like these red little rocky
things at the bottom and then you get
some charms with it has such an amazing
smell smells just like Christmas really
really minty she sent me the best extras
ever
honestly I'm obsessed with makeup and
she sent me the back of glow on the go
opal kit and I've been wanting to try
this for the longest time and then she
sent me some borax some tricks lipgloss
but I've never seen before and then
we've also got some rose petals some
stickers and everything came so well
pakka was all bubble wrapped and
also well sealed and nothing leaks at
all except we have slimy Twix with that
aloe vera gel and this is such a unique
slime I've never thought a slime like
this it has a clear base but it kind of
has like it kind of feels like crushed
up Orbeez in that it's so soft it's
really jelly like has a really jiggly
kind of jiggly feeling I guess but it's
not like jiggly like a jiggly slime and
this doesn't smell like aloe vera to me
it smells more like a cucumber but I
really like that super fresh super cute
sugar-cookie was listed as a 4-ounce so
I already knew that inflation on this
was gonna be crazy because it came like
a two-ounce and then it literally went
over the container this inflation is
insane
felt just like a kind of like sugary
cookie batter it kind of feels textured
like it has some plastics though in
there not like fake snow also has some
confetti pieces and this smells just
like a sugar cookie as you can probably
tell I love minty smells so this mint
chocolate one was amazing it was so
glossy so fun to play with really really
clicky and I always find that with you
know those Java chips
Symes I find them really hard to play
with because there's never enough slime
to kind of actually be able to play with
it like always kind of get in the way
but with this it doesn't at all
cupcake batter is a really thick clay
slime I don't think it's made with desu
but it's still really thick kind of
sizzling on the top as well has cuke and
fuzzy pieces and it has a really nice
cakey smell I love this it's so creamy I
love the big board flames and this is so
so crunchy so fun to play with it has a
lot of texture in there but it's also
super glossy and like doesn't get in the
way if you just want to play with the
slimy but you can always take out this
is just so thick smells like peach and
it's just really cute I love the name of
this one it's called bunny breakfast if
it has such cute pastel summer colors a
super crunchy on the top but it has so
much slime underneath that if you don't
want to play with the flow me bitch you
could always take them out it's so fun
to play with them and I love the texture
with this duckling shockwaves is
basically the exact same apart from it
has really different foam beads in there
so it's different colors and also
different shape
I found the base to be quite similar
maybe a tiny bit more thick but there
are a lot more foam beads so if you're
looking for a more of a slimy one I
would go for the breakfast
funny ones Miss Piggy's pals are super
cute is kind of similar to what who's
but it has bigger puppies and it's also
a lighter color so I found it actually a
lot easier to get all the containers
maybe it was the containers used but I
actually really really like this
everything came super well packaged and
had bubble wrapping and also some cling
film around her and nothing leaks and
they had super cute extras they had
peeps they had some squishies some Java
chips and borax care she all the basic
stuff and I loved it thank you so much
for watching this video I really hope
that you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I'll
see you next week
