hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make crystal clear
slime with some hacks and also a
tutorial but before we get into the
tutorial I want to tell you about the
hottest new game at the moment which I'm
sure you've probably already heard about
if not you can go and check out the game
by clicking on the link below in the
description but the game is called
fortnight and I am obsessed aim of the
game is to stay alive and be the last
one standing and you can play this play
on play with your friends and my
favorite thing to do is group up into a
skull with my friends and protect each
other until it's only us left in the
game and it makes it so much more fun at
first I was really worried about not
being able to play it because I don't
actually have a Playstation but then I
found out it's available on your PC
PlayStation 4 Xbox one mobile and Mac so
will literally anyone can play it and
it's free which makes it even better
some of you might have noticed that was
actually a new update last week and this
is per fortnight battle royale and it's
now free to play so if you want to check
that out don't forget to click the link
in the description and let me know what
you think in the comments my biggest
slime hat for getting crystal-clear
slime is to fully dissolve the borax in
the water and as you can see here at
first it becomes super cloudy and this
is where a lot of people go wrong
because all you have to do to get rid of
this c√°rdenas is to let it sit if it's
in really hot water or just just stir it
for ages and if you notice there are
parts that aren't dissolving you can
spoon them out or just not use that
mixture and then my favorite recipe to
make clear slime is using Elmer's clear
glue because this is completely
see-through and then vegetable glycerin
is my key ingredient and this thickens
up the slime so much so when you add in
water it won't become jiggly or kind of
flimsy it stays really thick and because
I find water quite hard to stir in to
clear slime mixtures I also add a bottle
of glue on top so it's kind of like a
layered mixture and as you can see it
turns really cloudy at first I think
it's the vegetable glycerin just
reacting with the other ingredients but
the more you stir it the clearer it
becomes the main question I get is why
does my clear slime turn so hot and it's
because the slime goes from a really big
fluffy Airy slime to having no air
bubbles in it and so it's all compressed
so it goes to a really thick mixture and
sometimes it can turn rubbery so I
recommend adding a tiny bit of activator
and starring it for literally 5 minutes
because as you can see here it goes from
a really gooey mess to almost being
perfect so then I just add a tiny bit
more borax I do like to leave a little
sticky because I find that more you
activate the slime the harder is for the
air bubbles to rise and so it takes
longer to clear up if you leave it a
tiny bit sticky it should take a lot
less time and then you just want to
spread it up in a little
containers and this would just increase
the surface area so the bubbles will
find it a lot easier to come up with
slime and then when you've left it for a
couple of days I do find that my slimes
take five to seven days of fully
activated and three to five if they're
not they do become so clear and if you
want it to stay clear and you're selling
these slimes you don't want to play with
them and touch them this is the key
mistake that people make because even if
your hands are cream for some reason
Chris life always picks up on like this
yellow tin and becomes really cloudy the
more you play with it so if you need to
activate it
I do recommend just using the clean
spoon and don't touch it because for
some reason it always messes it up and
if you want to sell these it will just
make it so much nicer if you don't touch
it after leaving the slime for a few
days as you can see it the clarity isn't
as much because I've just played with it
but when you do stretch out it is super
clear so and as you can see you can
still see through it but in contrast to
what it was before it isn't anywhere
near as good I really hope that you
enjoyed watching this video and if you
did don't forget to give it a thumbs up
and also subscribe and I'll see you next
week
