hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing 100% honest review of famous and
underrated slime shops and the first
slime shelf I'm going to be reviewing
it's quite slime company and they have
the most aesthetically pleasing slimes
you could ever imagine
this one's called don't feed the
unicorns and it smells like cotton candy
and as you can see it comes with a
purple to blue color shift but the kind
of lighter purple in the middle and this
is so creamy as you can see is a butter
slime it's so smooth pretty fun to mix
in and once it's all mixed in it turns
into like a periwinkle blue it's kind of
textured I think it has some glitters in
there next up we have or a unicorn which
is seriously the thickest and clearest
slime you'll ever see it has so many
amazing things in it as well so it has
this arrow doesn't kind of packaging
it's like a plasticy thing but it isn't
hard on your hands and there's also some
butterflies and a huge unicorn charm and
also kind of like some fishmoley things
that are much really thick at first I
found it's quite polite so we just left
it out in the Sun and as you can see it
melts down a lot just becomes like a
normal crisps like I said this one's a
little more expensive than their usual
slimes just because it's made with the
small Elmer's clearly this slimes
uncensored because as most of you know
when you add scents to clear slimes they
do go a bit cloudy and this one is so
crystal clear an absolutely beautiful
secret pile pigment is beautiful at
first it was a tiny bit sticky and I
wanted it bit thicker so I activated it
and when I did all of the glitter stuck
to the top and made this really nice
crunchy effect which I was obsessed with
and it became so thick and so textured
because of them like hexagons glitters
in there it added a bit of texture
there's also inflated so much and it's
not just like a really fruity cocktail
and not only did it have the really
seashell charm at the beginning it was
there has a little power time in there
which is so cute
watermelon Jolly righteous lime is the
most authentic slime I've ever seen base
of the food in my life and this is
amazing it was it comes from the Jolly
Ranchers which i think is such a nice
touch because then you can compare the
slime and the sweets
obviously the slime is an edible but
sweets are this is a jelly cube slime
and the jelly cubes are cut just in the
shape of Jolly Ranchers so they look
exactly the same and the scent is spa
sauna smells just like the watermelon
Jolly Ranchers and you can carrot which
i think is such a nice touch because we
get the sweets with it and the slime
around it is so thick the only bad thing
I kind of love I don't think it's a bad
thing at all is that the jelly keys
crush up so it kind of gives like a
bubble gum chewed-up bubble gum effect
and I think that's so fun because I
think the best part about jelly keeps I
was getting to squish it all up and then
you just end up with a really textured
slime which is so fun and the slime is
so thick nothing leaks and everything
came really well packaged and I found
that this was amazing it preserved so
well it was in shipping for like three
weeks when it was really hot and nothing
melted and she included the most amazing
extra so she included all of these
flowing beads that was about six pack or
no at eight packs and then she included
all of these amazing charms and she
actually sells loads of supplies that
all of these are supplies that she sells
I was so excited to get the little
mermaid tails because that's what
glitter slimes using in one of her lists
I was at the moment so it means I can
make a recreation and then she included
this unicorn tears bag which is so
pretty and then all of these face must
I'm literally never gonna need a
skincare product ever again and when I
saw this I was like there is no way
there is gonna be any more extras and
then I found a whole nother bag with
more extras I was like I'm so spoiled
this feels like my birthday I'm not sure
if she stays with the body care stuff
but I know she definitely sells asseline
surprise and obviously the slimes as
well but this is like body
exfoliater some face stuff and also some
hair stuff and I'm obsessed with it so
next up we have a really cool company
which is a really understated one
actually and this is Friday detox the
first one they made personally for me so
they call it made Fortaleza and this is
the creamiest butter stymie will ever
feel in your life it smells just like
Jolly Ranchers and as you can see it's
just so buttery so spreadable and it's
so much fun to play with because it's
one of those slopes you can't get tired
of because I haven't felt any texture
like this it's softer than a normal
butter sign but as you can see it isn't
sticky and it spreads so so well Java
chip Frappuccino is the first Java chip
slime I've ever felt and I'm obsessed
with this it's so soft as you can see
the slime itself was really creamy but
the text just put in there with a little
bit of foam bees the really big ones and
they're kind of like I think they could
marshmallow bees people call them and
then there's like garbage HIPAA fact so
many people have been asking me what
Java chip is and it's just the corner
stoppers for babies if you're such like
baby corner stopper foam then it will
come up but this much just like
chocolate and it has such a nice texture
and it's really fun to play with Moo
juice was lovely but as you can see here
when I start poking it a lot of the
moisturizer came off but I know exactly
which moisturizer this is because I did
try and make slime with it once it's
like this Nivea extra heavy duty one it
creates such a nice effect on the slime
when it's mixed in it makes it so creamy
and so glossy and it's the nicest slime
monsters mixed in it's just a bit
annoying at first but I don't mind it
personally it's just if you're going to
buy this slime it's something I wanted
to point out but it's so glossy it comes
with a little cow charm and it's a
beautiful slime
nothing leaked and everything came in
bubble wrapping and also was really well
sealed which I was super impressed with
and it came in six ounce containers of
the little logo on and they included all
of these amazing treats
they included this like cucumber chili
sweet and they also included this
amazing Easter egg posse which I am a
now obsessed with
next up we have Troost line with their
nebulous slime and this is like an
avalanche slime but it has a jellyfish
texture and this is so amazing so it
starts off as a really deep pop when it
has all of these little confetti pieces
and then once you mix it up it becomes
really nice a lighter purple and it just
is really fun to play with isn't
particularly sticky it's a really
different texture I don't think I have
any slimes that feel like this so clicky
and really fun I think it smells like
let me check the set the card they gave
me said it's unscented but to me it
smells quite fresh and as you can see
here it's a purple color and then I left
it for a couple of days and I wasn't
gonna film this again but as you can see
this tons blue it turns blue on the
outside and then on the inside it's
purple so I was really confused by this
it changes the texture a bit as well
obviously it melts down eventually so
that might be why but this slime is
awesome I didn't see the eyes and fluffy
bunny originally so I was like what is
this and then I took it out and it was
like an eye looking at me and I was
really creeped out but this was so fun
to play with it's kind of like a bus
line but I don't think it's made with
daizo or Model Magic it's made with
another clay so soft really spreadable
not hugely clearly it's just a like a
really soft slime that has clay like
textures in that you can like spread it
it's hard to explain smells amazing it
smells like a vanilla scent it's kind of
a curved vanilla cupcake I would say
cucumber/melon was probably my favorite
slam from them and one of my favorite
slams of all time just because it's a
really unusual glassy texture so it's
kind of as as you can see it's soso
glossy but it's kind of like a loose
texture that still really thick is hard
to explain I think it's definitely a mix
of white glue and also no clear glue but
I think that's another ingredient added
in that just makes this a really
fascinating slam it stays glossy for a
while has really nice bubble crunches
and also just really fun to play with
and the scent for this is amazing is
really like cucumber scent I was so
impressed that every single package in
the slime review didn't leak and I was
really impressed with all the packaging
so most of them came bubble wraps had
all of them came sealed and they
included all of these amazing little
extras so we got a squishy we've got
loads of amazing sweet sour patch kids
which are amazing they're also really
different in America from the UK in the
UK they're more like chewy and in the US
they're more like jelly babies also
really random fact but skittles over
here they have a same texture and
everything but they're different flavors
so I start like shoving them in my mouth
and I was like what is happening anyway
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope you enjoyed it if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and I'll see you really soon
