hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out the most popular water slime
recipes and I really hope that you enjoy
it first water slime recipe we're gonna
be trying is shampoo and water and this
shampoo is just a normal clear one it's
the organics coconut one just because I
had it around the house but this is
actually super slimy just by itself the
first thing I did was go and make it
pretty so I added some color atlases and
glitter and I disturbed this all up
until it became beautiful and then I
went in with my water and this did
changed consistency a lot I was worried
that this wouldn't pull away but like
you can see it kind of starts forming in
the middle already which is so weird
because it's literally shampoo which
used washing your hair so I was
expecting it just to turn into bubbles
but it didn't it starts to clump up and
it did become a lot thicker to finish
off and kind of activate it I guess I
then added some salt and I actually
tried salt with this method before and
it didn't work particularly well but for
some reason adding the water in really
helped and as you can see this pretty
much forms a slime like this looked
amazing I've never seen a no glue no
borax method pull away just like a slime
so I was so impressed by this and I
decided to pour out to see how it
behaved and it kind of felt like a slime
in that it was super thick it didn't
hold together and when you play with it
it still was very sticky but you did get
some clicking sound try and get rid of
some of the stickiness I put it in the
freezer but this change ly consistency
completely so I really don't recommend
doing this it just kind of became like a
big bogey next up is a method that I've
literally never been able to get to work
and everyone says it's because I'm using
the wrong hand sanitizer I went out and
bought the bath and Bodyworks one
everyone recommends and you know what it
still didn't work it's a bunch of Lies
so I went in and put my in there
just to see if it would help it melt
down and make into a slime and I found
that this didn't work at all either for
some reason it gave up a really
alcoholic smell it was probably
something in the posse reacting with the
hand sanitizer but this method doesn't
work either
don't put your party in hand sanitizer
thankfully the next method is a little
more successful and this is using facili
am huh Skyy I'm not sure if I said that
right but it's basically a bulking
powder just need water for this I added
foam beads and some dye to make it
pretty and it should become like a slime
at this texture if you then put it in
the microwave but me being me was like
this isn't thick enough I need to have
more powder so I went in added loads
probably about like three teaspoons
worth and as you can see it absorbs all
the water and becomes so thick I added
some
waterin just loosen up and make it
easier to work with because we're going
to be microwaving this and because it's
microwaving the stuff obviously gets hot
so you are going to need some parental
permission and also supervision for this
if you're under 18 cuz I added so much
powder when I first took out it was so
gross like honestly so gross it didn't
stretch it wasn't slaying like acyl it
was just like a big jiggly thing so I
was like I have to fix this and only way
I'm gonna do it is if I break up the
slime I've add it into water and then
microwave it again again for about five
minutes and then I let it cool down for
thirty minutes and when I let it cool
down it was kind of slime like it didn't
completely fall like a slide it was
super horrible it was really fun to play
with in the its jiggled around a lot but
it didn't really break up I also love
how it doesn't fall like traditional
slime because traditional slime kind of
folds over on top of each other and just
sits there but as you can see this kind
of sinks into itself like a little alien
it's so fun the last one I tried that I
was very confident would work it's this
shape and cream of tartar and I actually
know what cream of tartar is but it's in
all the supermarket's I just got it in
the baking aisle the first thing I did
with this one was add some water and as
expected this went super liquidy just
like when you wash your dishes so when I
added my cream of tartar I was quite
surprised that it didn't instantly
thicken up I saw so many people doing
this and it works so well for them at
least I find that this didn't they can
up asshole like not even a smidge it
became so greasy at the bottom it
sounded like I had sand there and every
time I rub the spoon against it it just
went really bad thank you so much for
watching this video I really hope that
you enjoyed it and if he did feel free
to comment more no borax no glue
solutions that I should try thanks for
watching and I see you next week
