hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing 100% honest for a few on slime
shops and I really hope that you enjoy
it I stopped we have slim shady shop
with that fruitloop slime and as you can
see this is such a glossy slime it
really surprised me because it didn't
have a cornstarch II feel but it was
really really thick almost like a cream
cheese feel and yeah even when you play
with it it kept this gloss for so long
and this was so fun to watch because I
kind of like when is it gonna go wrong
but it didn't go wrong asshole and it
was super stretchy smelt just like fruit
loops and inflated so much coffee bean
ice cream is one of my favorite sentence
slimes ever because I've never had a
coffee slime before so this was a unique
slime for me as you can see it feels
really smoothly it's so thick it's
really weird it's one of those slimes
that it isn't wet a tool but it's really
really thick it almost feels like a
cloud cream but as you can see when I
pull it out it feels so smoothly and it
comes with a little charm which is so
cute like a little coffee bean
Hawaiian Punch smells just like the name
is a super glossy red red pink slime and
it's really really sweet smelling to me
is a mixture of like a pineapple and a
tutti fruity scent which a sentence that
I really enjoy like a fruit punch zone
and this time started off so glossy I
actually had to activate it and this is
a really weird one because it's sitting
next to me right now and it's so glossy
but it took five days to get to this
maximum Goss and as you can see here it
kind of looks super fluffy and I guess
this is because it inflates and as you
can see in the beginning it had lots of
bubbles all of the containers of screw
tops an athlete nothing leaked which was
so impressive they included a ton of
sweets a squishy borax and also a slang
Kashi
next up we have slime mittens and I was
so impressed by their package especially
this slime because it's so pretty and I
love the charm is they even called a
charm it's like a plastic thing a
plastic lime slice that came with it
this is cool key lime pie filling this
is a clay slime put a really really soft
clay slime it doesn't feel like it's
made with model magic or dyes oh it's a
really unusual one and it's so unique in
its texture it's just so soft as you can
see it's Matt so spreadable and it
smells amazing just like lime
peachfuzz has been a sign that I cannot
stop playing with since I've received it
and it's so beautiful so it starts off a
light orange and then as you take out as
you can see in the middle there's a dark
orange which is such an unusual surprise
and I have had this sitting around for a
while so it might just be that the color
sunk into the middle but it was so fun
to stretch out and as you can see this
slime is so fluffy it drizzles so
smoothly and the texture of the slime is
so light but not wet at all so your
hands just sink into it almost like
butter and oh it's just so creamy and
wonderful and it smells just like peach
brain freezes Packaging breaks so I had
to move it into a six ounce container
and as you can see it fit perfectly so I
think a lot for the slime must have
leaked out when I push down on the slime
I found it was quite harsh in your hands
and normally like you have a little of
slime so it doesn't really hurt your
hands at all but this was a lot more
beads than it was slime and like I said
before I think the slime probably just
leaked out and when I was pulling out I
found a lot of the beads fell out but
this is so easy to fix all they're gonna
have to do is just add a little bit more
slime which I think they already had so
this is really useless criticism but it
was super crunchy regardless it was just
that the beans fell out and that was a
bit of a problem for me the scent was
really sweet I guess it smells like kind
of like a slushie brainfreeze sin
soft place to land was another cloud
slime and this came with really cute
color glitters on the top and it's not
just like baby powder and talcum powder
it was such like a day dreamy Sun and
the slime itself was so soft I didn't
find it was westphall but it has such a
light and airy texture just like peach
fuzz and when you pulled out it just add
up so quickly is add up the rightward
fluffed up I guess and it falls really
smoothly as well and I found that to
make your size for more smoothly if
you're finding it's a bit sticky just
add a tiny bit more activator and then
all four so so smoothly
the packaging was really secure with
brainfreeze the container actually broke
so I think it was probably how it was
handled and extras were amazing I've got
to die so please some sweets and an
Alma's washable as well as borax I'm
gonna Kashi next up we have sweets
lounge studio and this is her Strawberry
Shortcake's lime which reminds me so
much of karakia slime strawberry
daiquiri obviously it's a different
color but I think some of the
ingredients they use in it must be the
same because it felt the same on my
hands but as you can see when you take
it out it does look very different
because strawberry daiquiri has more of
a clay texture whereas this is more like
an airy texture I don't know but it
feels so good it clicks so nicely but
it's so soft and so airy and creamy and
I just love this it also smells like
strawberry shortcake and it's just
amazing
cake pop buttercream it's a really
gorgeous texture it's really surprised
me because at first I thought this is
gonna be a cloud slime but I think it's
more of like a cloud cream in my opinion
I say this because even though it's
super stringy when you take the lid off
lid new lid off lid off I found it it
was super clicky when you touched it and
then when you put out it didn't drizzle
like a normal cloud slime it was just
super thick and really really dense as
you can see here when I'm pushing into
it I have to push quite hard and
although it does kind of look like it
could be a cloud slime I just found it
was too thick for this but it was still
a really nice texture and I really
enjoyed playing with her
pineapple under the sea slime is so nice
it's really crunchy it has these
gorgeous colored flowing beads on top
which i think is so vibrant and just
make the slime so much more fun to play
with and then underneath that has a
super clicky orange base and it smells
just like the name it smells like
pineapple and it's so fun to play with I
just think all the colors of this works
so well together and it makes such nice
pops and it will so inflates of it as
well unicorn cero is another flow made
by them but this is a really different
texture because although it's still
really crunchy on the top the base is so
much more thick I found that it just
held its shape a lot more and it also
was super crunchy and really just it was
a really nice contrast because I find
that when people make flames they always
make them with the same base I just
thought it was so refreshing to have one
slime that was quite loose and this one
that was quite thick also I have a
question for you guys because all of the
unicorn cereals lives like that have the
exact same sense I'm wondering if
there's a really popular scent place
that everyone gets their scents from
when they have a scent named unicorn
cereal because they smell the exact same
every single time they just look
different because obviously make people
make the slimes themselves but yeah I
was just wondering this nothing leaked
in her package and all the slides was
secured so tightly they were bubble
wraps and also just like cling film
wrapped and she included some edible
extras as squishy some fish ball beads
some borax and a slime Keshi and a
business card and everything came in
screw cop containers apart from the 8
ounces thank you so much for watching
this video I really hope that you
enjoyed it and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
next week
