hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing 100% on - view of some slime shops
starting off with cutie size first time
I reached for was unicorn dreams because
I actually had this package since
December and I haven't touched it
because like you can see there's
multiple colors in it
there was actually a bit of pink I think
that's kind of sunken through but the
colors are normally really vibrant and
it's completely my fault for not
reviewing it sooner but like you can see
the sly stayed in pretty much mint
condition and it's so fluffy when you
put it I was so impressed by this
because when you pull it normally you
have to pull a few times especially if
it's been sitting around for a while but
that's just needed a few tugs to become
perfect and like you can see it's so
smooth and so fluffy and I absolutely
love the Sun it's mix of like lavender
and just general aromatic sleepy scents
because I felt so relaxed when I was
playing with this this slime shocked me
as you can hear yeah but it hadn't been
activated since December and I was so
impressed with this because like you can
see it this is pretty much just a white
glue base she's probably done something
magic I did ask her but she said that
there was nothing she did so I just
think he has witchy powers if I'm honest
as you can see this slime is so glossy
so beautiful and I'm just so shocked it
lasted from literally mid-december to
the end of March I don't know how anyone
could do this but it's amazing the smell
is so nice as well it's kind of like a
sherbet e berry scent which I'm a big
fan of I love sweet scents and I think
the colors work so well a Miss this
scent really impressed me because I find
with a lot of lemon scent she got that
really overpowering sickly sweet cakes
and but this was like a relaxing citrus
scent with the bestest sweet and that it
didn't smell particularly cakey which I
actually really liked it was really
refreshing from the normal lemon cake
scents ikat and like you can see the
slime is super glossy I love that the
textures put in there with a few of the
flow beads and I think the colors go so
well together
last but not least from cutie signs we
have cake batter ice cream which is one
of my favorites because I find with a
lot of clay slimes if they don't use
sizer which I actually think she might
have with this then it goes really hard
and it also turns like an off-white
color but this was super white had
really nice confessing flakes in there
and it had a really relaxing vanilla
cake scent which I loved and it was so
thick again it didn't eat activating
like all of her slimes just needed a
little bit of lotion because the clay
did go a tiny bit hard but as you can
see then it just turns so smooth and
your hands sink even more smoothly into
it
our extras were amazing I'm obsessed
with sour-sweet so she included some
sour patch kids in the watermelon flavor
and also high cheese which I'm also a
big fan she also included a Kashi borax
and her packages were so well wrapped
with bubble wrap and nothing leaked next
up we have the bomb slime and this slime
is fairy friends which is another slime
I've had since December and I actually
had to activate this again which is why
the colors have kind of mixed together
but this was blue and purple before and
the scent is so nice it smells like a
cotton candy scent but it isn't
overpowering and the texture of this is
amazing it's kind of like a crunchy icy
slide like you can see it inflates so
much and has such good crunch
berry drink smash just like a strawberry
milkshake and the colors really similar
to it to you and what I really love is
on the bottom it has like these
iridescent purpley pink glitters which
make it look like the color shifting
when you take the slime out so on the
top is a really light pink and then on
the bottom is a dark pink but then when
it's mixed together it's just really
really cool and like you can see she
included her racquet she uses in all of
her videos so I decided to use this
slime and it was so fun this one's
called cotton candy crunch and as you
can see the colors in this are beautiful
the slime underneath is a really thick
blue clock heat clucky
clicky glossy blue slime and then the
colors on top just works so well with it
I found that this was actually really
lightly scented and it's not a lot less
like cotton candy than the first time I
showed you from her which I think was
called fairy fizz
but it was so really nice it was just
much more of a subtle scent than I was
expecting from the names when I flip
this slime over to see the name it made
me smile so much it's called I heart to
Lisa and it's a really nice butter sign
with some little glitters in there and
it's such a gorgeous floral scent it
kind of smells like peony and suede from
Joan Malone and it may be a dupe of that
because it smells really similar but I
just loved it it inflated as a ton and
the more air you got into it by swirling
it the more soft the mixture was which
is really fun because I didn't have to
add any lotion to this and again this is
one that's been sitting around since
December and it stayed in pristine
condition was super stretchy and I'm
pretty sure it's made with thighs though
as well
fruity foams so crunchy and it's filled
up with microbeads and has a clear slime
base you got all of those really fun
crunchy bubbles when you stretch out and
as you can see it also has formost
slices for some fruit in there which
adds to the color in my opinion it
smells like the tropical fount of fruit
twist which I'm a huge fan of and it's a
really subtle scent as well it isn't
overpowering
and you have to really get in there to
sniff it but I love this slam I think
it's so soft and it's so fun to play
with she said tropical sorbet isn't one
she sells often but this looks so much
like sour blued lye made from parakeets
lines which I actually haven't managed
to get my hands on but it has a greeny
turquoisey base with really nice colors
on the top and this one smells just like
a mix of pineapple and kind of mango
it's a really tropical scent and I love
it candy crush isn't particularly
stretchy unless you stretch it really
really slowly which I don't mind because
this just means it's gonna be super
crunchy which it was and it comes with a
really nice charm I think this might be
from the candy crush game I'm not sure
because the requests on Facebook used to
annoy me so much that I refuse to play
adverse sent it's really nice though it
smells so so good it's kind of like a
sugar son it doesn't really particularly
smell like surebut or any of the typical
sweet scents but as you can see it's
quite tough to play with but I don't
mind because I love the crunch you just
have to play with it really gently
her axe does already unique so I got the
racket she uses in all of her videos she
also gave me a ton of charms some clear
glue some slime instructions borax and
also this amazing makeup brush which is
kind of like a rainbow mermaid color and
I just loved her slimes next up we have
slime streams and we're starting off
with her Bubblegum ice cream which is a
gorgeous cloud slime as you can see it's
super soft I didn't find this was really
smooth boiling again it may be because
I've had this since December like all of
my packages because I'm a terrible
reviewer but this is just so nice to
play with still it just doesn't fall
really smoothly when you pull it but it
still does act like a card Simon it's
still really nice I think maybe I needed
to add a bit more Bora it's scented like
a super-sweet bubble gum if you aren't
into sweet scents I would definitely
avoid this and try one of her other
slimes next up we have strawberry
cheesecake which comes with two super
cute jewelry charms and like you can see
it was a bit tough again completely my
fault because I've been letting it sit
around so I just went ahead and added
some moisturizer and it became so soft
and like you can see it's so buttery I'm
pretty sure this is made with daizo
because when you pull it it has that
really strong daizo feel and I just
think this is so nice it spread so
evenly and it smells just like
strawberry cheesecake from strawberry
cream cheese even from glitter slimes
it's just a bit more strawberry in there
than cream cheese
her scents are seriously on point this
one smells just like clown blood from
slimy cereal which is one of my favorite
slimes ever and this smells so so good
it smells exactly eight the name I
couldn't put my finger on it when I
smoke clowns well because I was like
what does this smell like but it's like
a really tangy citrusy scent with a bit
of fruitiness in that which explains it
because it's raspberry lemonade this is
a really nice flame as well it kind of
feels like the chewing gum slam I got
from the slime king so it's kind of like
a clay thick slime but it just has a bit
of texture in there Captain Crunch
smells exactly like the name that
typical kind of cereal milk smell which
I have a huge fan of it's C the sweet
and fun to play with and like you can
see the colors are just like the cereal
as well and I just love slimes like this
I think it's like the most common sign
that people make and every time I get it
I'm never sick of it I just want more
and more and this one inflates so much I
love how crunchy it gets and the more
you play with it the fluffier it gets
like you can see this looks far bigger
than an 8-ounce what I'm playing with it
with two of my hands now just because
I've gotten so much air into the mixture
well her extra she included some cute
things you could add it to slime like
pigments and some toppings she also
included borax a sweet and everything
was so well wrapped it was really
thoroughly bubble wraps and then
underneath it had like this cling for
thank you so much for watching this
video if you didn't watch my last video
you may have missed that I started a
vlog channel what my first vlog is super
awkward I swear I'll get that sir and if
you want you can suggest things that you
want to see in the comments of this
video thank you so much for watching and
I hope that you enjoyed it and I will
see you on Friday
