hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing 100% honest review of slime shops
starting off with Jeff slime and this
slime is amazing as you can see it's
topped with hollow flakes I thought this
is such a nice touch it's scented with
the dupe of shining moon light which is
a scent from Bath & Body Works and as
you can see there's purple green and
blue and when they blended together it
doesn't make a gross color at all it
kind of makes like a passel mint green
and like you can see from pulling it
once it becomes so fluffy and then when
you pull it a few times it just flows so
so smoothly as you can see here it's so
soft as well when I put my hands in it
it literally about say it feels like
cloud but it's a cloud sign so that
makes sense
next up we have Bambi stream cloud slime
and this is an all just gorgeous texture
it's kind of like kind of snowy but
mostly a creamy almost basa texture as
you can see here the color turns into
such a beautiful lilac color but always
fact is my nails and it's so stretchy
and so soft
it sounded like pistachios which I
actually think what's really well with
this because the texture of this reminds
me of like a creamy ice cream and I
always think of pistachios when I think
of ice cream unic want jelly space is
really like sneaks lines Barbie slime
and it has these gorgeous cubes in it
it's also scented like roasted
marshmallow and I also find that this is
a really hard scent to get right but
this doesn't smell like burnt sugar
asshole it just must have a really
comforting Sun these are actually from
January which is why this slimes call
Santa Baby but this is a gorgeous red
butter slime and it smells pretty warm
almost like a cinnamony Sun and I really
love it it really reminds me of the
eliza burning butter that i got from
some other slimes but it's just a little
different in the texture this one's a
bit more soft whereas that Eliza butter
was a bit more firm everything came
bubble wrapped and nothing leaked and
she sent the most amazing allergen free
cookies because I can't eat gluten or
dairy I was like dammit why has someone
sent me cookies but it actually was the
best surprise ever she also sent borax
asseline care she and some extras next
up we have Johnny slides and this slime
is 25 ounces and only worth 26 dollars
which is the price of like some high-end
slime shop slimes for like an 8 pounds
and this is the crunchiest slime I have
ever played with so it has a clear base
and it's really weird because it's
scented so strongly but this isn't
cloudy asshole as you can see there's
huge microbeads this is a really bad
shot to show how big it is because my
hands look really normal-sized on camera
for once but this is actually huge entus
like apples and it's also so stretchy
what's Valens happy is amazing it starts
off so glossy but as soon as you touch
it it turns matte and for the like
watermelon seeds he put in a really nice
touch of putting some black hexagonal
hexagonal it's that word I don't know
hexagon I don't know anyway some
glitters in there and it's so cute if I
like this clay slime inflated so much I
actually ended up putting half of the
slime in a six ounce container and
keeping the rest in an 8 ounce just to
get it to fit and I was so shocked
because we get so much more than you pay
for as you can see it's so stretchy it
falls really smoothly as well and it
just flops up so much this cereal milk
slime baffled me in the best ways as you
can see here the slime starts off so
glossy and so so smooth but then the
more you play with it the more it fluffs
up and the end product actually ends up
looking like a fluffy clay slime so here
as you can see it looks normal
it looks like a cereal milk and then BAM
it starts to turn into a fluffiness
thing thing I think yes there you go see
the fluffiness cloud thing
cinnamon roll icing is a really gorgeous
class time it doesn't really feel like a
dough so clay it feels like it has a
really soft clay in that I love this
it's so creamy I actually have this
package for like maybe three months I
didn't have to activate this one at all
I was so impressed with it and normally
clay size kind of go hard I didn't have
to add any moisturizer either and I was
just really impressed with this and it
has a gorgeous scent as well blue every
pancake looks just as you expect it to
you this has such a glossy base that it
looks just like a pancake mix and then
the little blueberries are just little
flowing beads on the top this isn't
particularly crunchy but when you first
touch it it gives it a really nice
crunch and then the bees just add to the
texture and this is scented really
nicely like blueberry
see slide butter is a really nice clay
slime and this is so soft but it
heart-shaped really well as you can see
here when you kind of like droop it down
it doesn't fall naturally you kind of
have to move your hand with it but your
hands sink so smoothly into it it's
unreal it holds as fall so well which is
so handy for taking thumbnail photos
because it means that you don't have to
like try and get it perfect the first
time it just kind of stays there and
this smells so relaxing it's kind of
like a mix of lavender and like a
seaside Sun he was so generous in all of
his extras he sent me three huge glitter
pots some bees that kind of like pole
beads but different colors so I might
make a slime with that then the slushy
beads borax a care sheet a little like
edible extra and it's just amazing next
up we have slime city beep and I can't
say her Instagram username but I'm gonna
put her YouTube link below and then you
can find her this slime is called winter
candy apple scrub and it smells like a
spiced apple scent and like the one
before from just slimes this is also a
Christmas slow I just took ages to
review it has loads of jelly smells
amazing and it's so so crunchy
I'm obsessed with cherry scent so when I
saw this and smelt this I was so excited
and it's a butter slime and I think it's
made with those Oh clay it's so vibrant
and red and this is melted cherry
popsicle the next floor slimes are part
of a bundle and they come at such good
value it's for three ounces for
twenty-one dollars that's up in this
bundle we have three outs coca-cola
butter which is made with the daizo clam
pretty sure this is such an airy mixture
as you can see here it's also so soft
and so spreadable I started spreading it
with a spoon and this was actually super
satisfying so I might have to do this
again in the future if you like this
technique let me know if you hate it
also let me know and I won't do it again
but this inflates it's so so nice to
smell as well it's scented just like
coca-cola and I love the color of it
because I don't think it's too dark it
kind of looks like the fizzy bit that
comes at the top and I think it's a
really nice touch gives this as an airy
slime next up we have strawberry soda
cloud and I was actually really worried
about showing this on camera because I
always find that small amount of cloud
slams never fall for me but this was so
fluffy and it proved me wrong as you can
see from pulling it only a few times it
fell so smoothly and this is so shocking
for a small amount I'm sure if any of
you have two ounces you'll know I mean
the strawberry scent also isn't like an
artificial one it smells so good
as the name suggests this is one thick
slime and it's really interesting it
kind of feels like a clay texture but it
also doesn't so I think she's using a
really unique clay that no one really
uses because I haven't ever felt a slime
that feels like this apart from maybe
the chewing gum slime I received from
slinking recently but it also doesn't
look like it when I stretch it so I
think it's a different thing but this is
so nice it smells like a creamy orange
scent and as you can see it's so glossy
last up in this bundle we have grape
soda phloem and this is a micro bead
phloem which again inflates like most of
her slimes and this smells like
Americans to me like whenever I smell
American candy it smells like this it's
such a typical grape scent and I love it
and the color is also so gorgeous
everything came bubble wrapped and
nothing leaks and I'll link hello
YouTube in the description so please go
and check on it I also started a vlog
channel I'm also very awkward on it
because I'm not used to vlogging yet I
promise you I'll get better so don't
forget to subscribe to that channel and
also watch my first video thank you so
much for watching this video and I hope
that you enjoyed it and I'll see you
very soon
