hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
forming a thick slime tutorial for one
of the most glossy thick slimes around
the best part about this is that you
only need a few ingredients and this is
one cup of white PVA glue about a
teaspoon of clear glue a ton of lotion
to soften up I probably put about 23
pumps and then glycerin and glycerin is
the main ingredient for this you really
don't need very much I added about two
drops well this has a really weird
effect because it melts the mixture down
a lot so it feels a lot more flimsy and
then you'll use your slime mixtures but
then once you've activated it it makes
it become a lot more thick you're gonna
need a lot of activator for this and I
really recommend going into your hands
earlier because I find the slime looks
really sticky inside when it's really
pulling away from the bowl so the more
you play with it the better and then I
just added all my small batches into one
to make it really nice and to get the
glossiest slime like this you need to
leave it for two days and then it'll
become super glossy and be really
stretchy and fun to play with
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
