hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
mixing some really cool pigments into
slime and also doing some slime presses
sci-fi C is going to be in the second
half of the video and the first half is
going to be the slime mixing so the
first thing that we're going to be using
its ultra nova green purple blue from
cosmic Oriya and as you can see this
looks purple for the most part with a
bit of a blue undertone but it actually
has a bit of green in there and it's
kind of color shifty in different lights
it's in the nighttime I find it looks
very different to when I'm playing with
it in the day and as you can see on the
spoon it definitely has some of that
green in the top left corner and it's
just so pretty and it kind of looks like
a galaxy slime in my opinion the next
pigment is one of the coldest I've ever
tried and this is invisible green from
solar color dust and this is a
glow-in-the-dark pigment something
really weird I noticed about this was
actually over activated mice flies so it
kind of rips in this clip and it became
kind of tough so I recommend trying with
a sticky slime but as you can see it
radiates so much light this is literally
in the pitch black and how'd it happen
to a light for maybe like a minute and
then it picks up all the light and glows
I decided to be at the experimental and
mix two pigments together for this one
and I mixed in deep turquoise and also
unicorn light because unicorn likes an
iridescent one and I just thought would
have a really cool effect and it really
did when I mixed it together it ended up
kind of looking like the typical mermaid
color and it's so pretty it's really
really shiny and it's just more
pigmented than any other slime I've ever
tried as you can see I actually added
way too much pigment I wasted so so much
powder I was really annoyed at myself
and when I tried to clean it up I got a
wet tissue and I wiped my table and
actually sunk into the table so I don't
recommend doing this if you're trying to
mix pigments and at home I recommend
hoovering it up or getting a dry tissue
and just like sweeping it off otherwise
it stains everything
the next pigment is one I've wanted to
try for so long and this is a thermal
pigment
this is a purple to turquoise one so
when it's cold it goes purple and when
it's hot it goes turquoise as you can
see it's kind of like rippy when you're
mixing it in because this is a super
matte powder it doesn't over activate
your slime or anything like that it just
makes it look super glossy but it kind
of makes it look like a whites light I
tried to heat the slime up by lights and
also in natural sunlight but this didn't
work so I just popped it in the
microwave and yes and melted it down a
lot but then when I placed it on the ice
ball so again it froze it and it also
made it have this really cool color
effect from going from purple to
turquoise and when I mixed it in it was
so fun because it was all based on Heat
another super cool pigment from them is
UV red and this starts off as a white
pigment and then when it's left in the
Sun or in front of a really bright light
it turns into a different color this is
meant to turn rice and I think it would
if it was like not in a slime substance
but because it was in slime I think that
the color that was like originally put
in so the white kind of dyed it and it
was kind of like red and white mixed
together so it turned into this pink
color when it was put into the lights
and as you can see it's only the parts
that are actually exposed to the light
so it isn't based on heat or anything
like that so I found a bottle of my
slime was white
next up we have some shimmer from solar
color dust and this is cool legendary
and I think this is based off how I Met
Your Mother
legend wait for it dary which I really
love because I love how I Met Your
Mother
and I thought this is really pretty but
because I didn't have loads of it I
thought it would be cool to mix them
with a different pigment and this one is
cosmic aurea's ultranova amber gold
green and as you can see this is
beautiful it just looks like this chanel
peridot nail polish camera honestly does
not do these pigments justice it's so
beautiful in real life it's more of a
Goldy green but I think the color just
picks up a darker color because there's
so many colors mixed together so it's
probably just hard for the lens to
capture the legendary flakes are
actually Hollow and they are so pretty
compared to the like shimmer around it
so in certain lights it goes rainbow
amongst the like gold and green and oh
my goodness it's just the most perfect
slam ever
I wanted to see what would happen if you
mix in a ton of pigment into slime like
if it would change the texture or
whatever I found it just turned into a
super block color as you can see it's
super shimmery but I don't think you
need that much and this is an electric
beam from cosmic Warrior last but not
least from cosmic Warrior we have
mystical which is a gorgeous black holo
honestly the camera does not do it
justice I do a close-up in a second
showing you how hollow this is but in
real life you don't even need to shine a
light on it it's just the most beautiful
hollow flakes ever now we're done with
the pigment mixing is officially time
for the crunchy bubbles to come in and
we're going to be doing some slime
pressing this is going to be done with a
tennis racket with all of the pigment
slimes I just showed and I really hope
that you enjoy it
I know I don't normally do really long
intros or outros but I just wanted to
ask you guys what you wanted to see on
my channel from now on a lot of people
have been requesting slime things but a
lot of people who also been requesting
like more normal things like hair
tutorials makeup tutorials also blogs
everyone wants to see vlogs and I was
wondering whether I should do it on a
vlog Channel like I was initially going
to you or actually just start on my like
main channel see if people liked it and
then kind of carry on from that and if
you do want to see you vlogs what do you
want to see in the vlogs do you want to
see me going on holidays you want me
just like go to parties like okay
YouTube parties and like see youtubers
and film that or maybe like going
shopping with me or just day-to-day life
like I really don't know what to include
don't worry I'm not gonna be leaving the
slime trend anytime soon I'm still
planning to do at least two slime videos
a week which is more than I'm doing at
the moment I just want to start
incorporating more normal stuff too so
if you want to see anything do request
it in the comments and I'll try my best
to get around to it thank you so much
for watching this video and I really
hope that you enjoyed it
