hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out some super popular slime
trends that you guys have recommended to
me and I hope that you enjoy it a first
time I'm going to be testing out is a
slime scrub daddy and I've seen this
everywhere and so many people
recommended it to me because it looks so
awesome and it's pretty easy to do and
wanted to try different methods to make
it more crunchy so I added some sticky
slime to see if this would work but it
actually didn't I left that overnight as
well and it just stayed really sticky
and didn't crunch asshole so then I
added loads of activator and the slime I
got was super hard and it made the scrub
daddy so so crunchy it was I found that
the longer you leave it the more crunchy
it gets and as you can see from the next
clip my went so hard the next one is a
super odd trend and this is playing with
slime with fake miniature hands I
literally don't know who came up with
this but whoever you are you were very
funny and I actually got sent four of
these to my PA box and they came with a
note saying please use me in a video so
I did but I actually find it very hard
to play with the slimes I found that the
only slimes I could freely play with
properly were butter slaves because they
didn't really stick to the hands also
really tough ones like this model magic
one that didn't have enough lotion and
it worked really well and also peachy
baby's cloud creams I don't know why it
just didn't stick to the hands at all
moving on to a less weird friend we have
shaving foam patterns and this is a
really cool idea so all we're gonna need
is an icing pipe and some gel food
coloring and like you can see I just did
little stripes on the side and then I
filled the icing tube with shaving foam
I push the first butt out just to get
rid of any like non Passons and then we
got this really cool effect on the top
of the slime and I was really interested
to see what would happen when I mix this
in and like you can see the pipette
actually got really cool kind of like a
tie-dye type thing and then came out
with a really cool pattern as well when
I mixed in I found it was really really
big like I wasn't expecting the slime to
really enlarge this much or even work
but it was kind of like a boss or a
slime I never makes a clear slime on
shaving foam together but it was really
cool and it created really good crunches
the only thing was it was a tiny bit
sticky but I found this one as soon as
you added to activator slime deflated so
quickly though this is it after two
hours as you can see it kind of changed
color a bit but I don't know if that's
just because the clear slime to clear it
off a bit but it was really tough really
rippy I just don't understand why it
went so bad
next up we're gonna be trying some slime
hacks that have been recommended to me
by my subscribers so the first one is
microwaving your glue to make it as
thick slime and I don't know where this
came from I didn't like this method
asshole but let's carry on and show you
what happens at first we got this really
weird like film over the top and then
when I activated it did kind of seemed
like it was turning nice so it was quite
fluffy really stretchy and really nice
but I realized that this is because the
slime was still hot so I was adding
activates it and activating it like a
normal slime and then as soon as you
left it it became super tough and super
rippy because the slime was hot so it
was kind of melted and the more
activation we're adding you were over
activating it so this leads me on to
testing my second hack and this is
adding lemon juice to it and this was
recommended to me after someone saw
someone put lime into a slime to kind of
melt it down and they were like just
lemon juice work to you and yes it works
the melt it but as you can see the slime
goes really stringy which isn't like the
slime was before so I decided to
reactivate it after this and like you
can see doesn't pull together I tried
this for ages and it just didn't work so
I don't recommend this this one however
it worked so well and asking how to make
slime super thick everyone recommended
hair gel and said this is gonna make
like a cereal milk type slime I mix this
in and I didn't see a cereal milk
texture forming it wasn't super thick as
you can see it looks so fluffy so I was
kind of like what is this gonna turn out
to be and you know what it feels like it
feels like a gel glue that's been mixed
with shaving gel and it's really fluffy
really soft and it feels like it's just
amazing it feels like a clears foam so
crunchy so fluffy and only has two
ingredients in it
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
