hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing British versus American slang
flops and these are two of my favourite
shops of all time and they're red apple
slimes and slime cake last up we have
red apple slimes cherry airheads and as
you can see this is so thick and glossy
I think it must have a bit of clay in
there but as you can see it doesn't
really look like a clay Slone and it
really reminds me a parakeet slime
strawberry daiquiri but it's scented
like cherry next up we have pine up with
chewing gum by the slime king and like
you can see this has a really similar
texture to the first one it's so glossy
and it's kind of clear like and what
really impressed me with this is how
much inflated so the more I played with
it the more it puffed up I didn't
realize how big it got until I tried to
put it back into the container and like
you can see it looks like one and a half
times what it originally was and it
smells so good next up from red apple
slides we have a butter slime and I
don't know if this actually made with
those oh but it's such a soft clay Slone
like you can see it has little confetti
pieces at the top and it's so pretty so
smooth and it smells amazing the
American slime I thought I'd compare
this tea was costing handy flyff because
when all these cars are mixed together
actually ends up looking really similar
obviously this one's a cloud slime and
the other was a busser but both of them
are super thick while they're still in
the pot but the difference is with the
fleeth when you pull it out it becomes
so smooth falling and this is literally
with one pour as you can see it just
doesn't stop and it's so soft and it
smells so good just like cotton candy
like the name suggests next up i'm gonna
be comparing US and UK scents and this
is one that's really big for me because
i know that i find it's so hard to find
any good UK cents but hers were amazing
it really does smell like milk and
cookies but it smells like a milk and
cookies fragrance whereas with the slime
king I found that Cookie Monster smelt
like real cookies that just come out of
the oven and it just smells so good I
cannot stop smelling it and it was a
really nice textured butter slime with
some little glitters in there and ask
her usual with all of his flames they
inflated massively I really love this
because it means you're getting
a lot more than you pay for next up
we're gonna be comparing some flames and
this one felt so nice had kind of a clay
texture but I don't know if it was clay
or if it was just a really thick and
glossy base but it was amazing it's not
just like blueberry pancakes like you
can see here that make sure becomes so
airy and really flew stuff a lot so it
changes texture from being really thick
and glossy as a kind of fluffy next up
we have red apple slimes Captain Crunch
and like you can see here the base is so
glossy and like the slime Kings it
really flutes up a lot this feels like a
clear slime but it looks like a white
slime so this really confused me but I
love it the slide King also sent me
Simpsons doughnut like you can see it
this is super clay and Matt and I really
love that because I've never seen a
slime like this that doesn't contain
loads of cornstarch
I found it doesn't have many slime
sounds but it feels really good and then
holy cow it's amazing it has a little
cow charm in there which I was so
surprised to find but I love it has
little foam beads so it isn't super
crunchy but again it has that clear
slime face or kind of like clear and why
I'm because of the space it inflates so
much it literally overflows from the tin
another slime that really confused me
from Rahu slime was this because it has
a metallic finish but it feels like a
white glue base so I don't really know
what's going on it's so smooth to play
with and it's so glossy and clicky I
really love the sounds this makes and
like you can see it's so shimmery I am
obsessed with how soft this butter slime
from red apple slimes is as you can see
my hand just sinks into it and the
moment you start to drag it it doesn't
pull along the table at all it just goes
with you so smoothly and it's so
relaxing smells amazing and like you can
see the color is beautiful and it comes
with the strawberry charm
a massive thing I love about radical
slimes is she includes loads of charms
and like this shark-infested water you
get a little shark thing which I just
think is so cute and it makes the slam a
little bit more special to play with
which I just love
it isn't as soft as the strawberry one
but it's still really nice and it's
really easy to spread all the red apple
slimes without the clay and inflated so
much and this is super weird because the
slime King had the opposite effect and
all the ones that he had the clay in
inflated just came bubble wrapped and
the slime King had a little seal around
his eight ounces which I thought was
really great and he had amazing sweets
I'm obsessed with Jolly Ranchers so I
ate all of them and then red apple slice
had loads of extras only one edible but
I really liked that because I've
allergies and she had this amazing party
which was so clear I hope you enjoyed
this video and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
next week
