hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing an Instagram slime tutorial for
glitter slime snoot slimes and also all
these slimes and I really hope that you
enjoy it
first up we have honey maple goo from
all these slimes and this is one of my
favorites lines I've ever received and
it's actually quite a simple recipe to
make at home so our base is gonna be
some Craig Lee and then we're gonna go
in with a red and green food dye and
this is the pairing I'm recommend
because even though this slime is brown
and has super ready undertones so if you
add a brown dye then it's very hard to
then achieve that red under too once all
the colors were mixed in I just went in
with my spatula mixed it all up and then
added some borax activator and for this
we're going to need 1/2 a teaspoon of
borax and 2 cups of warm water and this
is because it's clinically like what I
recommend leaving it a tiny bit sticky
because I always find that clerkly
hardens over the time you leave it you
do want to knead it just to get out the
strings and then leave it for a couple
of days and it should become super clear
like this as you can see mine isn't
super thick like ours and I think what
she must do is over activate her slides
and then leave them to melt a bit
because they are so thick and so quickie
as you can see the color and appearance
is very similar and it has a really nice
sound and feel to it next up we have
Trix are for kids by glitter slimes and
this time has been one of those ones I
wanted to try for so long well this
we're just gonna need 5 pumps of foaming
hand wash 7 pumps of lotion 3 pumps of
foaming face wash and then just to stir
it all together and this creates a super
nice thick and clicky glossy base and
when you stir it all in it should become
really creamy and when it reaches the
stage we can then go with our borax
activator and pull everything together
we do want to leave it slightly sticky
so the foam bees that we're gonna put in
can stick and like you can see I
literally ripped out when it was gooey
and just gross and then when you knead
it together
it pulls together really quickly and it
becomes an actual slime then we just
want to add all flowing beads and these
needs to be big foam beads it's a really
important thing and it makes the same
super crunchy and nice
I have wanted to recreate detox water
for the longest time but I couldn't find
any cheap thermo beads but Amazon
currently have like two thousand pieces
for like three pounds so if you're
looking for some that's why you need to
go space it's really really simple to
make all we're gonna need is some clear
glue and borax activator and added a
tiny bit and you just need to keep
stirring it you really don't need much
activated at all and we just need to let
it sit for like a week to get it super
clear and then we can just go and stuff
thermo slices and this is so so much but
open I thought was gonna be way less
when it was mixed into the slime so I
recommend adding half a pack and then
leaving it just sit thank you so much
for watching this video I really hope
that you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I will
see you on Wednesday
