hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
recreating some famous Instagram slimes
from slime OG glitter slams and also
slime meow II and I really hope you
enjoy it I stopped we have clutter
slimes Kate butter ice cream and this is
one of my favorite slides I have at home
so we're just gonna start off with some
white PVA glue and loads of lotion and
the lotion is important because this
slime is so soft so to get it really
soft I like to add five teaspoons worth
and it also has a clay-like texture so I
also added some foaming hand wash
probably about five or six pumps just to
make the mixture more Airy and then
after I've added all of that I add some
borax activator just to pull the mixture
together we don't want to fully activate
it we want to leave it a little sticky
so that when we mix the clay in it
doesn't become super tough I like to add
the clay and gradually as well because
with this if you add too much then it
just becomes a butter slime and this
time isn't it but a slime but it's super
super smooth falling and soft then just
to finish up we're gonna add some fake
sprinkles and if you want you can also
sent it I think this sounds like vanilla
buttercream and as you can see it the
slimes are super similar has is a bit
more soft than mine is just because I've
had this for a while so it's melted down
but as you can see they basically look
the same the next thing we're recreating
is slime meow he's dr. pepper and this
has such a fluffy base that I used to
clear slime because I know when clear
slime and dyes are mixed they make the
most magical mixture ever and then for
the colors I mix green and red together
to make a brown and then I added some
pink just to make it kind of that color
that she uses and as you can see it
literally looks like a blood clot once
you mix it all in but then because it
comes cloudy it doesn't look so gross
and if you want to scent it I actually
centers it like Cola but if you have a
dr. pepper scent that would probably be
better and it's best to add the dye so
clay when it's a bit sticky but as you
can see I left it way too sticky so
it'll look gross and I just skip that
part but as you can see it turned out
great the sign wasn't as airy though so
I just started making swirls and playing
with it and as you can see the mixture
expands it looks a lot more Airy so then
I just went ahead and put it in my
container which I specifically bought to
make a comparison and as you can see
mine is slightly darker that I basically
feel the same
next up we have slime oh jeez neo polish
and slime and I literally loved making
this because it has such a simple base
all we're gonna need is some white PVA
glue and loads of foaming hand soap
foaming hand soap is just really handy
when you're adding in clay because this
just makes the mixture more fluffy and
sometimes clay slimes can go really hard
and I find that this avoids it so if you
add some activator after you can
activate this fully because it's quite a
thick base and then I just added some
dyes okay and as you can see it turns
into such a gorgeous thick clay slime I
really enjoyed it because it's one of
those ones that will never stick to you
no matter how slow you put your hand in
and then I just went ahead and split it
into three sections to color it as well
as colouring out I'm also going to be
using scented oils in vanilla chocolate
and strawberry and as you can see for
the strawberry one we just used some red
and red and white mix to make pink and
then for the brown we just used some red
and green and then we layer it in with
pink at the bottom white in the middle
and brown of the top and I'm really I'm
really upset on myself that I didn't get
a better shot of this cuz it was so
pretty but as you can see when you mix
in it's so fun and it kind of turns out
like a butter slime thank you so much
for watching this video I really hope
that you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I'll
see you next week
