hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
recreating some famous Instagram slimes
from slime og parakeet slimes and also
snoop slaves and I hope that you enjoyed
this video last up we have my cereal
milk recreation from parakeet slime so
we're gonna start off with a white glue
base and then I'm gonna add a couple of
pumps of foaming hand wash I normally
use about two pumps just to give it a
bit of fluff and then for the gloss I
use OCD treatment conditioner and this
is really good at bringing out all the
moisture so the slime looks really
glossy and it's also super soft then I
discard my borax activator and I started
off by adding a lot just because I know
what this slime does and pretty much
what happens is because there's so much
glue it activates really quickly and
becomes hard on the outside but really
sticky on the inside so you need to pick
it up and just knead it then you need to
add really tiny bits of activator and
just keep going in with your hands and
picking it up because full of slime
because there's just so much more glue
than any other ingredient it becomes
super lumpy and you think oh this is way
too sticky to pick up but when you add a
tiny bit more borax it goes from being
really sticky to actually quite tough
just from kind of playing with it as you
can see here it turns for a really
really sticky solution and and and it's
quite hard to pull so you can tell that
the thickness is really coming through
next up we have tickle me pink by slime
OG and this is one of my favorite
recreations just because I've never
gotten cloud slimes right before so
we're gonna be using a white glue base
and so much foaming hand wash I say
between twelve to fourteen pump I do
this to give my slime a bit more of a
flimsy texture and then I just go ahead
and stir it all in just so it's all
mixed then in the glue so kind of like a
looser consistency and then just to
soften up the slime I add some deep
moisture lotion and this is probably
about eight pumps worth just because I
like my slime being super soft then I
like to add my activator and if you're
wondering why I'm adding on its base it
and then adding my washable paints it's
just because this particular washable
paint makes your slime a lot looser and
I find if you add it in the beginning
your slime becomes I don't know just
more flimsy so I like to add it after
I've added some borax and this is really
easy to activate as you can see it pulls
away after adding two batches of
activator and you do want this to be
really tough because I find the instance
though really really melts down your
slime so I add loads and loads of snow
and this is normally where I go wrong I
think either I make the snow
to what or I kind of just add too much I
want you add too much it just kind of
falls apart
I'm avoidant falling apart all you have
to do is add some more slime and I'm
pretty sure this can be any slime this
is the cereal milk one I just made in
the previous tutorial and as you can see
almost instantly becomes a cloud slime
all we need to do now is just knead it
because as you can see it doesn't fall
really smoothly at first you just need
to play with it stretch out and then it
should fall really really smoothly and
look amazing the only thing is with
cloud slimes
especially my cloud slimes they never
make sounds so I can't really include a
sound clip but as you can see it is
beautiful it falls beautifully and it
kind of looks like a waterfall last but
not least we have coca-cola slime by
snoops lines and for this we're gonna be
using to clear glues the first one is
Elmer's clear glue and then the second
one is Hobby craft clear glue the reason
I'm using two is just because she said
the texture of this slime was a lot
different from her others and then I'm
just gonna go in with my coloring and
this needs to be a food coloring not a
pain because this is gonna be
see-through and obviously it's a clear
slime so we don't want to ruin that I
colors to make this kind of brown a red
and green and if you find yours goes a
bit too red then you can go in with some
more green and just mix it all in to
balance out now we just want to go in
with our normal borax activates it and
I'm actually using a normal one just
because they're hobby crafts one takes
so long to activate and I couldn't be
bothered as you can see it turns into
this lumpy mess you definitely do need
to kind of stretch out and play with it
for a while especially with clear Glee
as I find that it takes so long to need
but then eventually it should become
really pretty
then we're gonna be using some reusable
ice cubes to just top it off because she
has these in all her instagrams and I'm
so jealous
so the slime should be really stretchy
at this point and then we're just gonna
place the ice cubes on top and if you're
wondering why there are two different
slide colors it's because I didn't make
enough of a slime and I wanted to make
this my thumbnail so I had to make
another slime to put under it
thank you so much for watching my video
I really hope that you enjoyed it and if
you did don't forget to give this video
a thumbs up and also subscribe
