hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you my top five favorite no
borax no blue slimes and it's basically
how to make slime without glue or borax
video and I really hope that you enjoy
it this video is sponsored by the mobile
game Alice and I'm so obsessed with this
just because it's based off Alice in
Wonderland which is one of my all-time
favorite Disney movies the task is
really simple so you have to get the
last figure which is obviously Alice
whilst placing all the other figures on
the field whilst matching three figures
you get a sheep and you have to match
three sheep up to get another object and
you keep matching the different objects
up in the goal to get Alice a game is
full of so many different opportunities
which you won't find in any other app
and one of my favorite hobbies is
finding the new objects like you get tea
pots you get mice I don't even know
what's next I'm just hoping to get Alice
one day apps brand new so within the
first month you get ten balloons which
will boost your game progress so much
and all you have to do is download the
game in the link below obviously we're
gonna be starting off with my favorite
slime and this is model magic Slom this
is the easiest one to do all you're
gonna need is some model magic clay and
loads and loads of body lotion it's very
hard to mix in because the clay starts
off very tough so I recommend getting
your fists and just kneading it that way
and keep testing it and seeing if it's
stretchy if it isn't I recommend adding
loads of lotion until it gets this
texture it should get really soft and
feel just like a slime but if you fancy
having more of a butter slime texture
don't forget to add a bit more clay than
lotion and you should end up with a
creamy slime like this
for my second favorite recipe we're
gonna be taking a classic and turning it
into something a little different
instead of using a dish soap or shampoo
with this we're actually gonna be
pairing it with conditioner and this
does give it a little bit of a different
texture and I find that it makes it so
much softer it's also really weird to
mix them because the dish soap and
shampoo has kind of a liquidy texture
which is more normal to mix in with
powders but as you can see here this
kind of turned into a dough and then
more of a creamy texture so it's a
really weird sensation when you're
mixing it in but it has such a nice
outcome
unfortunately because every condition is
different I can't give you exact
measurements for this but I do recommend
just adding a little bit more
conditioner if your sign does go a bit
hard and you can add some baby roux if
you just want to soften the mixture up
then I recommend playing with it for
maybe 15 minutes in your hand just to
get it from a crumbly texture to a
really nice creamy one like you have
here and then it's so fun and relaxing
to play with in your hands and I can
honestly play with this for hours it's
so thick and it doesn't really have any
sounds but it's just so relaxing and
easy to make next up we have the og no
borax no glue slime and we're actually
gonna be doing a little bit of a twist
on this so obviously my no glue aspect
is gonna be some face mask and then
we're going to be using car shows
laundry such with this instead of
contact lens solution but it does make
it a little bit more cloudy we're gonna
be making it like a normal borock
solutions that just add a couple of
teaspoons into some water and then you
just want to add a tiny bit to your face
mask and the face mask needs to contain
polyvinyl alcohol and this is commonly
found in peel-off face masks if you want
to try this at home as you can see it is
a little bit more lumpier than slime but
I love it another product that contains
polyvinyl alcohol is also peel-off
makeup specifically peel-off lip gloss
always has it in it even if it claims to
not it always does I do find that this
is really good with contact lens
solution it's a weird mixture because as
you can see here from me twirling it up
it does kind of got a bit lumpy at first
but then the more you stir it the more
liquid it goes so you just need to add
the tiniest bits of bicarbonate of soda
and as you can see I added way too much
it went way too quickly and then my
slime
I'm really rubbery and as you can see
here the camera actually went out of
focus it was like Talisa what are you
doing and I was looking at like this
could work and it didn't but as you can
see here it did kind of come slam and it
was pulling away like a normal slide it
was just kind of ruined at the end so I
do love this method but it was
completely my fault and then last but
not least we have blue tack slime and
this is so easy to make we're just gonna
need some foaming hand wash and blue tag
the blue tag itself is actually quite
tough so we do need to warm it up in our
hands and just keep pulling at it and
it's really weird because it starts
breaking and you think this is
definitely not working this is not gonna
turn into a slime and then all of a
sudden it kind of does and it's super
stretchy and fun to play with thank you
so much for watching my video I really
hope that you enjoyed it and if you did
don't forget to give this video a thumbs
up and also subscribe and if you have
any video requests feel free to leave
them in the comments and I'll go through
all of them
