hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing slime Wars and basically comparing
daizo clay with mortal magic clay glue
with school glue and all of the things
that people kind of tend to choose
between before we get into that I just
wanted to let you know that my guides
are now available and I'm probably only
gonna sell them through the Christmas
holidays just to make them exclusive but
I haven't probably decided yet so I'll
keep you updated but anyone who buys any
of my guides will automatically be
entered into a prize draw to win a
handwritten letter they will either be
emailed to them or posted to them in the
mail if they're comfortable with giving
their address once contacted this
promotion will stop at midnight on the
31st so right when it hits New Year's
it's gonna stop so you do want to buy
before that to give yourself a chance to
win and four winners will be contacted
and obviously there's no delivery charge
because everything that you have on my
site is done online so if you buy the
videos that will be on a portal on my
website and if you are the written
guides they'll also be internet fast
which is perfect for last-minute
shopping during the Christmas season
because you can get enough for your
friends or your family and also just get
them as present there are four things
for sale on my website and my favorite
one is the bundle just because it's such
good value and you get money off every
single guy guys that are included in
this bundle and are also available for
sale by themselves are the social media
guide which is basically my story and
the techniques I use to grow my
following and I really think will help
and there are also two slime guides one
of them is a rest in one both of them
have really specific measurements for
each recipe so if you're ever kind of
struggling with that this will be really
handy for you and there's also a video
guide and both of them contain similar
content but they have different things
in them so I really recommend buying
both because they kind of made to go
hand-in-hand they make to my websites in
the description and I really hope that
you find them helpful the first time war
it's between Elmer's glue or an Elmer's
school glue and everyone kind of has a
rivalry between these first thing I
noticed when I was pouring out glue
always had a really watery layer on top
whereas the school glue was amazing and
I've owned them for the same amount of
time both of them have been there for
seven months
my activates for amusing for both of
them is borax solution just so it stays
a fair test but this one is the glue all
that I'm testing and like you can see it
kind of turns lumpy which is really
weird it kind of has like a cottage
cheese texture which is really gross if
you think about it but it didn't act
like the other glues I've tried and
pretty much all of them reacted in the
same way but not this it was super
stringy I then moved on to my school goo
and this works very much better it was
just Mars and Mars butter
it didn't turn
just acted normal way witches slime
would our Jason the exact same
activators so it was definitely the clue
that was making this difference and like
you can see this activated a lot quicker
and I think it might be because there
was a tiny bit less glue but it was just
so great my glue all was really over
activated so I left it in a warm room
and like you can see it turned out so
glossy and really thick it doesn't have
great rocks I think it's because I over
activated it but the school groove had
amazing rocks as you can see it's a lot
than a texture but it's a lot more fun
to play with it just it's more squishy
the next thing we're going to be testing
is dye so clay versus model magic clay
and I think dye so is probably my
favorite but model magic is just so more
convenient because it's so readily
available the first thing I noticed was
that model magic actually needed
scissors to open the pack which is a
minor thing but dyes it was a lot easier
to open as I clay is a lot easier to mix
in as well it doesn't need any
preparation whereas model magic comes so
stiff like you can see here I can barely
put my hands in it and I have to add
loads and loads of lotion which is
obviously making a bit more expensive
I think dye so from the original store
retails for about one dollar and model
magic is for about five for a size of
this pack and obviously lotion there's a
lot more so you do need to need in and
there is so much more effort that goes
into this but I always find that my
slimes that include model magic last for
so much longer than daizo slimes does is
tend to melt down
but once they mix into the slime it's so
easy and I don't need to add any more
lotion because so much has already been
added into the clay if there is any
hardness it kind of just won't last and
dies it doesn't take as long to mix in
but it still does take a while you need
to kind of scrunch up that's the only
way I can really do it if there's
another technique please do leave it in
the description because it always takes
me forever but it doesn't take me as
long as
the model magic the first thing that I
noticed was dye so clay really made my
slime quite hard and I didn't mind that
because it was sticky slime already but
I was kind of thinking that the
stickiness would be counteracted
slightly by the clay but not loads so as
you can see here it is quite tough but
not so tough that it makes it like not a
slime and kind of rubbery it just isn't
very easy to spread so I decided to add
loads of lotion and like you can see it
did take a while to kind of knead in
just because there was so much but it
turned into a much smoother texture
after that and I really like the effect
I was so impressed with the model magic
though this wasn't hard at all and it
had such nice sounds the next one was my
favorite one to test and this is clearly
versus gel glue and I've never seen
anyone do this before and I've never
actually tried jelly before this but it
literally comes out like a hair gel like
when I was pouring it it didn't feel
like glue I really had to push it it but
as you can see here clearly acts like
normal clear glue and just pulls out
very smoothly I started by activating
the gel glue first and I literally loved
the color of this it was so pretty and I
decided just to add a tiny bit at a time
because I'd never use this and I was
kind of just worried about it and as you
can see I defeated pretty much
immediately I only added a tiny bit more
before I started playing with it and
then it was pretty much ready but with
the clinically you do need a lot more
activator and for both of them as well
I'm using half a teaspoon of borax in
two cups of warm water and this is just
so it doesn't get over activated because
these types of slimes tend to activate
way faster so we just want to stir this
into a vaguely like normal and the first
thing I noticed was the gel glue pulled
together so much faster so if you'll
usually want to over activate I would
recommend using a slightly less
concentrated mixture than I just
recommended maybe a quarter of a cup of
borax cause whoever cut off quarter of a
cup a quarter of teaspoon of borax in
two cups of warm water both other
mixtures turned out so clear I love the
color of the jelly one and like you
see it's super super clear and so is the
clear glue I would say it's probably
about the same clearness and I think the
clear glaze a tiny bit thicker than the
gel glue but the gel goo has a really
unique texture both of them are also
really stretchy
next up we have borax versus star flow
and the first one I'm testing is star
flu and if you're wondering why it comes
with like a little pot cause you'll see
a clear pot I have a very bad habit of
pouring everything into the bowl and on
the carpet and the floor and just kind
of everywhere so I tend to put it into a
smaller container just to prevent me
from doing this and when I was starring
in it wasn't hurting my arms at all it
was actually really fun just because it
was quite a watery make sure and it was
just really soft and nice to play with
when I added my borax in I realized that
it was actually a much more concentrated
solution than my staff though obviously
staff Oh Khan's pre-made so you can't
change that with borax you're adding as
much powder as you want and I'm using
two teaspoons of borax and two cups of
warm water which is obviously a lot
higher so it activated a lot quicker but
I personally didn't really like how it
felt when I was mixing in it didn't turn
lumpy but it was kind of really thick
and hard to mix in so it really hurt my
arm
and did take a while probably the same
amount of times the staff low but the
staff waistline came out so much nicer
like you can see here it's just so
glossy and it falls so nicely it isn't
thin at all but it just has such a
lovely texture and considering I'm only
adding glue here I was so surprised I
thought it would just kind of be a hard
one like this which is the borax one and
this one was stretching it still it
wasn't great and I prefer the staff way
one so much more
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe and don't
forget to check out my website in the
link below
