hi guys in today's video we're going to
be comparing a one-year-old slime to a
one-day-old slime before we start the
video I just wanted to let you know that
this is the last chance to sign up to my
website before our launch on Thursday so
to get to know everything about the
launch make sure to sign up and all you
have to do is enter your email address
and your name in the link below so first
up we have my one-year-old slime and as
you can see it's not sticky asshole when
I first touch it and it was originally a
black glossy slime and that's all we had
in it but because I've had this for a
year I tried to save it because this is
my first ever slime so I'm literally in
love with this slime it was the thing
that started this whole journey so I
added some clay to it and that's why
it's kind of changed the texture of it
so I added some activator just to try
and fix it because it was so sticky and
gooey and I found that it didn't fully
activate no matter how much activator I
added so I was like how do I save this
and I decided to add some more model
magic to this and as you can see it they
can suck the text just so much and it
made it so it wasn't sticky at all but
obviously it does change the texture of
your slime so it's a bit annoying but at
least I could save the slime I also
found it turned from such a thin texture
to a really thick one and I also found
that there wasn't any smell with this
and normally I throw my slides away
after four months just for hygiene
reasons obviously because this is my
first ever slime I didn't want to do
that and I was just so surprised at how
amazing this was when I activated it and
how much it kind of seemed like a new
slime
next up we have my one day old slime and
I was expecting this to be perfect just
because I made it a day ago and it was
so nice so obviously there was no
stickiness because it was such a new one
but I did find that it wasn't very
stretchy and I think that's because it's
so cold in England right now if you live
here you will know like you have to go
out with ten layers I found that the
more that I play with this the more that
is softened up so I definitely feel like
it was the weather rather than
ingredients that made it tough the one
massive difference I found between these
two slimes is that the one-year-old
slime obviously had far older
ingredients so you couldn't really smell
the freshness of any of the lotions or
shaving cream or anything else that I
use but in these ones you could smell
all the ingredients and parsley I love
that if you don't like Santa's limbs
then the oldest limes actually work
better for that because these two slides
was so great I decided to try some other
oldest limes I have and like you guys
know I haven't been doing a ton of
tutorial so the only ones I had were
from my glitter slime tutorial and this
was my blueberry butter cream recreation
and I found it it didn't melt down at
all it was a really nice texture but I
think the glue probably did melt down in
it because I found that a lot of the
food dye came off of my fingers another
thing that I found so weird was that the
clear slime did not no it actually
became so tough and this might be
because it's so cold in England that my
Stein's are literally freezing as you
can see this slime is now green and I
was like why is my Sloane green like did
the glitters do it to this and then I
realized because I used fake gold leaf
because let's face it real gold leaf is
so expensive it's like 10 pounds for a
tiny sheet I decided to buy some fake
ones and it's like a hundred of them for
like 10 pounds I think and when you mix
this in it looks gorgeous and for like a
month it's absolutely fine but I noticed
that all the ones that I add this gold
sheet to had turned green so don't use
fake gold leaves in slimes that you sell
because they will turn so gross and I'm
pretty sure it's not mold because it
didn't smell gross I think it's just
like the
ha love that but she actually is thank
you so much for watching this video I
really hope that you enjoyed it and if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and also subscribe and please don't
forget to enter your email and your name
into the site below just so you can get
notified about the launch and have
access to my website on launch day
