hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make slime in school
without getting caught and I really hope
that you enjoy it
so the first thing we're going to need
is a ziplock bag and I just got mine
from Tesco's you can also use a push
lock but I prefer zip locks for less
mess and the first time we're going to
be making is jiggly slush we're gonna
start off with some white PVA glue and I
use about 1/2 a cup swath because I
don't like making a really big batch
especially in the ziplock bags because
you want to have a bit of room to move
everything around in then we're gonna
add some foaming hand brush and this is
an essential but I find it really fun to
have bubbles to play with it in and I
also add quarter cup of water so half
the amount of glue that you add in if
you're making a different sized mixture
and then you just want to mix it all up
before you add your activator and
activator I'm using is 1 teaspoon of
borax - 2 cups of warm water and I just
add it really gradually and then play
with the slime and I didn't ever find
that I needed to add any more and as you
can see it's clumping at the bottom so I
just took it out and play with that on a
clean surface and it sounds super super
glossy I also decided to color it and at
first it was a bit lumpy but then it
turns super glossy like this
the next time we're going to be making
is a thick and clicky slower and this
has been so requested we're gonna start
off with the same two ingredients from
the previous recipe but we're going to
kind of switch things up in the amounts
so I add about 3/4 of a cup of glue and
then I go in with about 12 to 15 pumps
of foaming hand wash and the reason for
this is it adds a bit of fluff to the
slime but shaving foam takes away from
the click so we do not want to add that
and then to thicken it up we're gonna be
using cleaning clears foaming face wash
and you need a tiny drizzle of this
probably like a teaspoon if you want to
measure it out and because there's so
many ingredients I do spend a little bit
more time just mixing this all in and
then I go with my activator and with
this one it's very easy to over activate
it so what I recommend doing is just
kind of like playing with it with your
hand like rubbing it around the table
like I am and then maybe like pinching
it just to see what the textures like
and when you feel it thickening up even
if it's still super sticky just play
with it because as you can see here when
I stretch out it's still a really really
good consistency and I didn't need to
add any more activator to get it to this
stage where it's super glossy and super
clicking I decided to add some coloring
to it just because I thought it would be
pretty and yeah it was super messy I was
kind of scared of touching it which is
why I sped it up because it took so long
but yeah it turned into a really nice
blue and I love the sounds they are made
last but not least we have milky slime
and this has been so requested and they
haven't done it because I didn't really
know what it was but I figured out what
it was recently so we're gonna start off
with some PVA glue and then we're gonna
pour about 1/2 a cup swath into our bag
and then we're gonna go in with some
clear glue and the clear glue is really
essential to make this clicky and this
is a really thin clear glue as you can
see here it's not thick at all and then
we're just gonna make it kind of milky
and a bit of a thinner texture by adding
some moisturizer and this doesn't have
to be any specific brand this was just
the one that was on sale in my
supermarket and the mixture will already
be quite thin so just two picking it up
and add some clicks we're gonna add a
tiny bit of our foaming face wash from
clean and clear and like you can see
here I'm just walking my hands along it
because you can see the mix just kind of
separating out because they're all very
different textures so you do need to
spend quite a long time just mixing this
part in and then when you go with your
activator again you don't need very much
and you just do it in the same way as
before you can literally just scrunch up
like this
this is why it's so easier to like hide
in the school I guess but yeah it's such
a good method and I will link the person
who inspired me to do this below if you
want to go and check out her Instagram
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
