hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
reviewing over $200 worth of famous
Instagram slime and I hope that you
enjoy this video most like we have Kate
batter ice cream from glitter slimes and
this is one of her best summing slimes
and I've never managed it at my hands on
it before so I was so excited and this
was so so nice it's not like kind of
like a mix between cake and frosting and
it was a really soft slime and I was
also just so self inflating I couldn't
fit it all back in the container and I
was really impressed with this for her
extra she included Zots a little sour
patch kids a little baggie of borax and
also a slime care sheet and the slang
came with a little glitter science icon
and it was also labeled next up we have
peachy babies and you guys have been
requesting her slime so much so I
decided to buy two and the first one
it's a secret slime and I could already
figure out the smell I think I read on
her Instagram that it was lemon but it
kind of smell like perfumed custard to
me it was a really thick slime and I had
some flame beads in there just to go a
bit of texture as well which I really
like the only negative I have about her
package was with my maple cluster
Carroll cream as you can see here it's
not filled to the top and this wasn't a
self-inflating slime so it wasn't like
it would have deflated and I was just
really disappointed with this and I
weighed it and it was actually like 3.5
ounces which is obviously a bit less and
there was so much room that I was kind
of like this definitely could have a bit
more but the actual slime itself was
really really nice it had a really
unique texture I think it's a mix
between like a clay and a snow slime
well at least that's what it felt like
to me and I haven't felt any slime like
this so it was super thick but also
quite light and yeah just really fun to
play with and the scent was amazing it
was just the perfect full Sun
without orders the only extra you get is
a little baggie of borax which isn't a
problem with me but I know that you guys
like having sweet sometimes all my
slaves came bubble wraps and they were
labeled on the top and bottom and I love
this idea of the secret slime another
package I was so excited to receive was
Aldi slime and this is her lemon poppy
seed batter I think it's her best seller
and it's so thick so glossy it smells
like the batter for a lemon seed cake as
the name suggests and like HC hair it's
just like the thickest thing I've ever
felt in my life is obviously a bit more
orange than like that would be in the
Instagram videos it's kind of yellow so
that was the only thing that surprised
me honey maple goo was probably my
favorite one that she sent it has the
perfect full smell it's kind of
cinnamony but mostly like honey maple
like the name suggests and the color of
it it's beautiful as you can see it's so
clear and it's really thick as well and
when you play with it it gets cloudy but
it turns into kind of like a metallic
shade so this is it before and this is
what it looks like after and I just
think it's so pretty still and this was
after playing with it from literally
like 15 minutes and it's just so
beautiful mystery dumb-dumb is such a
unique idea so there's a dumb-dumb sweet
which is white and it doesn't have like
an assigned flavor it's just kind of
like a random one and I think the search
she put in this was like a tutti frutti
Sun it was really really nice baby
pumpkin gas is a card slime and I really
love the texture of this but it didn't
have the steadiest flow so I've quite
smoothly at first but then as you can
see it trailed off quite quickly I don't
really mind this because I quite like
like drawing out a lot it was really
soft and my only slight criticism is
that the dough still leaves residue on
the table but the cloud slime actually
doesn't
for got extra she includes a borax a
little flying care sheet and she also
tells you what's included in the package
and everything was wrapped up in bubble
wrapping and had a really cute logo on
the top but it wasn't labeled on the
bottom moving on to the best line shop I
have ever gotten slimes from and this is
slime straw reason I don't think she has
the biggest account she is definitely
like a famous account she isn't like the
biggest one but this class slime is the
best thing in the world it smells like
strawberry cotton candy and like you can
see here it just never stops flowing it
literally took one poor as soon as I
took it out and sometimes with cloud
slimes you need to put a lot but this
was just the best thing next up we have
our cranberry butter and this smells so
good it was kind of like a mix between a
cherry and creme resent in my opinion
and the color was so vibrant it was a
really soft clay slimy kind of felt more
like a Model Magic slime but I think
there might be a bit of dasor in there
and it was just really really clicky
smalls is definitely my second favorite
one that she said it and I'm pokey it
weirdly because it looked really runny
when I opened the container so I thought
this loan would be wet and like sticky
but it wasn't and one side is cloud
slime and the other one is the clicky
slime you will ever hear in your life
and it means such a nice texture the
colors molded really beautifully as well
and like the name suggests it smells
like marshmallows and cookies and all I
just loved it and it became so fluffy
once you mixed it together as you can
see here it's just the best mixture it's
just such unique slimes from her I
literally love them mystic bubblegum
really impressed me because this is
missing around my house maybe a month
and it was also shipped internationally
and like you can see here it's not
sticky asshole it did lose a bit of its
thickness but once you activate it again
it becomes just as thick and it's like
an iridescent pink color and it smells
just like strawberry laces and it's
super stretchy
Shikha lemon is definitely another one
that's a classic it has a really glossy
base and really big balls on the top but
also small balls and it just feels
really nice to play with and it kind of
smells st and yeah it's awesome graham
cracker cookie dough is kind of like her
icy texture I thought it was gonna be a
cloud slime at first and I thought this
is really unique because she put ball
bearings in it it looks like little
specks there's actually ball bearings so
it gives a really unique texture it's
super soft and it has like a kind of
like a cookie smell I guess the extras
were just as amazing as the actual Slom
so she packaged everything in this very
doesn't packaging and included the best
sweets ever
I literally loved all of them and she
included a little Bora it's like
activation that was pre-made which I
thought was amazing and she was include
daizo and she packaged everything in
bubble wrapping and it had like a film
seal around it and she had such a
detailed slime sheet on how to fix it
except we have moon Constance cookie and
cream and this is a six ounce I was
really surprised again eight ounce
container with this and then I realized
it's because it's the most self
inflating slime ever so it literally
does not fit in the packaging when you
finish playing with it the slime screen
it has I think a little glitter
particles to create a little melted not
melted but like crumbled cookie feel and
then it has like slightly boo cookie
pieces which were actually beads and
it's just such a unique slime and its
smell amazing it kind of smelt like
Oreos dunked in milk and it was really
thick and I loved it haunted house is
one of the Halloween buses and this is
so nice
like you can see here there's lots of
bubbles so it creates lots of sizzles
and the black doesn't come off on your
hands I was really worried that it would
stain my hands for the rest of the video
but it didn't asshole it's met really
smoothly and it was really soft and the
Sun of this was the best thing it kind
of smelt like an expensive perfume or
like a really exclusive shop and it was
just unlike anything I've ever smelt in
the slime before
three losses in a two ounce container
but she's only gonna be selling three
ounces and six ounces from now on but
this was a really nice clue Slimer had
the dual or rainbow particles in it and
it smelt just like Froot Loops
everything was packaged really
beautifully in crack packing and nothing
cracked a school even those
international flight and it wasn't
bubble wrap which I was really impressed
with and the top says moon Carson and it
also says what type of slime it is so
it's safe sticking a sticker on the
bottom she sent these amazing sweets
also a little squishy and a slime care
card and a little baggie of borax next
up we have stunted slime by Amy and this
is pango puffed gelato and it's as cloud
slime and it smells like sure but orange
and at first it's yellow and it has like
red glitter in there but everything
makes us together to make a really nice
orange mixture and the cloud slime is
really lovely it's super soft and it has
nice sounds it falls quite smoothly
without having to pull it much either
which I really liked
freebie crunchy was so thick when it
arrived I got this package like a month
and a half ago now I think and it's been
in a really hot room so I had to
activate it again which is why it's
cloudy this is super crunchy it comes
with a charm and it also has loads of
glitter in there she also has her icon
on the top of her screwtops
and she has pretty nice extras as well
as she included candy corn some stickers
a little Halloween pumpkin and also
slime rules and borax next up we have
slimy cereal and this one is clown spud
and you can see it is so so glossy I had
to reactivate it because it's been like
traveling for a while in an
international shipping but when it came
out it was so nice so glossy and it has
such nice thick clicks they click like
it's so nice and thick and it has really
nice clicks and the scent it's kind of
like a zesty lemonade but kind of like a
strawberry mix in with that I'm not
explaining this very well but it's
really nice skittles foam is a classic
flame with lots of little different
colored foam beads and underneath the
slime is a really nice glossy orange
color and it smells just like the orange
skittles and the name is skittles foam
so that's kind of appropriate and I just
love this slime I just there was a
really nice classic slime and a hover
little beads in which I was really
impressed with
mystic boo is a clear slammin I was
really worried that this is gonna be
sticky so I pulled it out and it was a
tiny bit sticky but it wasn't too bad
considering I've had it for maybe a
month now and it was such a pretty slam
so it had all the glitter at the bottom
so you got to mix it in yourself which I
always love doing and I just thought the
color of this was really beautiful the
next one is pumpkin cheesecake and this
is really really nice it's a soft butter
slime and I love the texture of this
it's kind of like I can't describe it
it's like too soft to be a busser slime
but it is about a slime so I think it
has loads of lotion in it but it doesn't
leave your hands greasy so I just was
really impressed by this and it smells
like spiced pumpkins just like the Audis
slime one all her slimes came with her
little icon on the top and she also
labeled it on the bottom and for her
extras she didn't include any oh she did
include sweet she included his sweet
official I bite my tongue and she
included little slime instructions and
also a borax baggie and like I said she
included the thing on the bottom thank
you so much for watching this video I
really hope that you enjoyed it and if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and I'll see you next week
