hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a giant slime smoothie and you
guys two room requesting there's so much
because you've seen how many slides I
have from the reviews this movie's gonna
be mostly of the underrated slides but
I'm definitely gonna get around to
mixing all of them but I thought this
one would be cool because these were all
so colorful I don't know about you guys
but my favorite thing about slice movies
is letting them set for two days and
seeing all the flow beads rise to the
top so I made sure to include loads of
foam signs that would just kind of
create loads of crunch I guess and one
thing I was super nervous about though
was I was adding a lot of butter slimes
and obviously they have quite a hard
clay texture so I was kind of like wool
the flame beads rise to the top but they
did and it looks so pretty when I was
mixing it together because I added so
many contrasting colors the smoothie
actually ended up grace I decided to
color it and make it a little bit
prettier by adding some food icing
coloring what am I saying I having some
food coloring and it did turn out really
pretty and I left it for two days just
to harden at the top so I'd get a nice
crunchy a smile it wasn't very pretty
when it hardens I decided to add some
holo pigment just to make it a little
prettier and it really annoyed me
because she couldn't actually see the
hollow flakes on the slide but if you
look around the bowl you can definitely
see the little rainbow shift so it's
hollow and don't comment that it's not
thank you so much for watching this
video I really apologize for it being so
short I hope you enjoyed it anyway and
if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
