hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out some popular edible slime
recipes and I really hope that you enjoy
it so first up we have marshmallow slime
and I'm using some mini marshmallows
from this I think you didn't get it from
any supermarket in the baking aisle and
then I just put it in the microwave for
10 seconds on lowest heat setting and
obviously because this is gonna be hot
it's you're under 18 please to get a
parent to help you out once I have four
things mixed in it will be pretty sticky
so we're gonna use some icing sugar and
I think you guys in America quote
powdered sugar just to make it loose
some of the stick and pull everything
together and I found that it became
super slimy at this stage and I also
couldn't really mix it around with this
bachelor anymore so I waited for ten
minutes to make sure it was cool and
then once it was I just went in with my
hands and started mixing in the icy
sugar this way and as you can see it's
so stretchy and slime like only bad
thing about this method is that it stays
so sticky and you can't really poke the
slime because of this the next time
we're going to be testing is golden
syrup slime and I really love this
because it's so pretty when it's being
poured out and as you can see it
literally looks like golden liquid and
it's kind of like a thicker version of
honey I guess and it smells so good just
like toffee and I decided to add a tiny
bit of powdered sugar because this is
such a thick mixture that I didn't think
it would feed much and I was so so wrong
the first batch of sugar that I mixed in
didn't actually make much of a
difference so I started to add loads and
loads and I think I actually added the
whole box before actually worked and it
kind of became like a dose I was really
worried and I decided to go in for my
hands and obviously this one isn't hot
so you can go with your hands out to
start if you'd like to you but
personally I thought that would be too
sticky and with the final bits icing
sugar you don't want to add too much so
that it becomes a dough so what I like
to do is just dip it in the icing sugar
and play with in my hands and the heat
of your hands will melt it a bit so even
if it is a bit too hard it can be saved
and like you see here it literally turns
into a butter slow
last but not least we had the method
that I see literally everywhere and it
was probably the one that I was most
apprehensive about because it has such a
weird texture
so I started by pouring like three
scoops of Nutella in the bowl and
because this is kind of like a liquid
like the golden syrup I bought this one
needs so much and I was so wrong as you
can see here it literally started
crumbling from the start it was like a
really really bad brownie mix and I was
just like how do I save this slide so to
add a whole other scoop of Nutella just
see kind of like moisten a slime really
reminds me of play-doh but is way more
fun to play with because it has really
nice slime sounds it kind of has like a
sizzle to it like bus a slime thank you
so much for watching this video I really
hope that you enjoyed it and if you did
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
I'll see you next week
