hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
doing a 100% honest review of famous
slime shops and I really hope that you
enjoy it first up we have glitter slimes
hot fudge sundae and to be honest I
can't really smell the fudge in this it
smells more like a chocolate batter to
me slime itself is really soft and
creamy and has a clay base to make it
really thick and as you can see here it
literally looks like a creamy cake
batter her extras included two little
starbursts a baggie of borax and also a
slime cash gene next up we have the
person that everyone's been asking for
and this is parakeets bones I decided to
pick up her strawberry daiquiri mainly
because everything else was out of stock
and this has a really nice strawberry
bubble gum son and it's a really thick
slime with my order I received some
candy a little slime Keshi and also some
borax and the containers were massive
next up we have Center slime by Amy and
this is her tropically slime as you can
see here it's multicolored and I really
love the colors at first and what are
you mixing up it looks so pretty it has
a really fruity sure Beauty scent and
once all the colors are mixed up it
turns into a car key green which
personally I love but it might not be to
everyone's tastes but this is such a
creamy slime it's kind of like a mix of
a busser and a cloud the next time I was
really worried about just because it's
cinnamon and with cinnamon it's very
easy to go over the top with it and not
include the other scents but I was so
impressed by the Sun it's nice just like
the sugar that comes on pretzels and
donuts and the color of the slime was a
doughnut color which is Corden's a
really thick and glossy slime and it has
a really nice strong apple scent I love
what the charms that come with it as
well you get a witch's cauldron and you
also get some beads to put in if you
want mother of dragon fruit starts off
with a pink and green slime and you get
to mix it together and I was kind of
worried about what this would turn out
as but it turned into a really nice
lilac color the texture was super
buttery and it kind of smells like
sherbert she included two little extra
bags and in them you get candy corn
tootsie rolls some borax and also some
business cards for her she also included
these cute little at
and also a really cool sign fix and it's
like a spray so it's really handy and
all of her slimes came bubble around
next up we have another really requested
user and this is slime king
this is his watermelon gummy 8 ounce and
this was so thick and so glossy
unfortunately it was unscented I was
hoping they would have a watermelon
scent but it didn't metallic mango is my
absolute favorite slime that he sent me
and I was so impressed by this because
there's a clear base lime and normally
with international shipping it normally
melts down but this didn't melt asshole
it was absolutely perfect and the
pigment and it was gorgeous it kind of
looked gold at first but it was also
kind of orange and the scent was like an
authentic mango Sun and I just loved
thickness of this slime next up we have
gel foam and this was super crunchy but
it was unscented which I was a bit
disappointed with because obviously the
white beads would cover up any
cloudiness and I also found that the
beads fell out a bit
coffeecake was a really nice butter
slime but it didn't really smell like
coffee at all it had quite a strong
cinnamon scent to me which I personally
loved but obviously when something's
cool coffee you're expecting it to smell
like the name the only thing I received
in the package was list of what
everything was I didn't receive any
borax which I was a bit surprised with
but everything came really nicely bubble
wrap next up we have Stella slime and
this is her Mango Tango butter which
parsley I really loved it was really
thick I don't think it was made with
dyes oh I think it's made with model
magic and this smells like mango cream
this one has a super unique name and
it's called Orange Julius frost which I
really love it kind of sounds like a
posh baby name this is an icy slime but
it doesn't leave any residue on my table
which I was so impressed with and it's
made with something really interesting
because when you play with it you get
kind of cooling effect on your hands so
it kind of feels icy at the same time as
being an icy slime and it's so stretchy
and it smells like orange strawberry
sorbet smells just like the name and it
has a really unique scent it's kind of
like a sherbet see strawberry scent I
like the last time it has a really nice
cooling effect on your hands cookie
crumbles in it really small like a
cookie to me unless the cookie is
chocolate because I had a really nice
chocolate scent and this is a really
nice cloud slime it doesn't fall as
smoothly as some of the cloud slides I
played with but it doesn't leave any
residue on your table because it kind of
all picks up which is a really nice
effect and it also cools your hands I
love how she packed everything it came
in a plastic cover with a little logo
sticker on it and then the 8-ounce lines
were covered in bubble wrap well the
four outs were just left out but nothing
cracks and it shipped internationally
everything had a little logo on it and
she included so many extras I was so
happy so she included these little toys
a little firmer or too firm o pieces
loads of candy and also a big baggie of
borax which I thought was really
generous thank you so much for watching
this video I really hope that you enjoy
there and if you did don't forget to
give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
next week
