hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out some weird slime trends that
you guys have asked me to try and I
really hope that you enjoy this video so
the first method I tested is making
slime backwards and instead of adding
your glue first you add your activator
first and this is such a tough method
because you have to guess all the
measurement and boy did I get it wrong
with the activator I had it so so much I
didn't I didn't know it was so much it
doesn't look like so much when you just
add it to the bowl without any of the
other ingredients but this made my slime
so hard and especially because it was
clear slime it did not like it I found
once I picked up the stickiness inside
was still there so I could mix it all up
and it kind of became like a if
you poked it it wouldn't rip but if you
try to like stretch it it would rip very
very easily and it was also super bout
me the next trend I tested was making
bully and Simon I think this is made
popular by red aqua slimes and my
thoughts is gonna be so fun all her
videos were so graceful but I'm not
kidding when I say this goes everywhere
except for the bowl it went all over my
camera all over my desk and I kept
trying to do little snips like this and
try and get out nicely but I'm not
kidding I think it might be because I
blew my balloons up and then put the
stuff in just so the balloons were a bit
bigger I do not know what I did wrong
the only one that worked was activated
and there's actually acted like I
thought it would and I was still kind of
worried because when you're pouring the
stuff into the balloon obviously because
it was blown up you don't know how much
is getting sucked in so I literally had
no clue how much of each ingredient was
gonna come out of the balloon and then
once it was out of the balloon I was
worried that too much of the ingredient
had spilled over the table so it
wouldn't actually make a difference to
the slime I kept stretching it out and
then dipping it back in the activator
anyway just in the hopes that it would
turn into a nice slime and it was so
thick and so stretchy I was really
pleasantly surprised
last but not least we have making slime
without a bowl all utensils and I
thought this is gonna be really messy
but it was probably the easiest one out
of all of them so the ingredients just
went on the table and I was expecting
them to kind of fall off but they really
didn't they just stayed where they were
they kind of expanded a tiny bit and as
you can see here it looked so big so
once I mix everything up with my hands I
just made sure the color was even and
then I went in with my activator and for
this method I use the same one that I
use for everything and I used a
tablespoon of borax to a cup of water
and it became so tough because I added
way too much because the slime was
spread out on the table I just thought
there was a lot more slime than that
actually was and it just became like a
rubbery ball basically so I had to add
loads and loads of glue I'd say probably
a cup and a half's worth and I just
mixed this in to counteract the
activator thank you so much for watching
this video I really hope that you
enjoyed it and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
next week
