hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out some slime with everyday
items and I really hope that you enjoy
it the first part that I'm gonna be
testing the shampoo slime and this
shampoo I've seen working so while in
other people's videos and it's from
organics and it's called the coconut
water shampoo all you need to do is add
some salt to it and then stir it up and
it's meant to turn really thick and I
found it did exactly that I wanted to
see if I get it a bit more thick so I
decided to add a tiny bit more salt
after I said the first batch in and I
did find that it became a little bit
more thick at first and then it kind of
became a little liquidy so I decided it
was best to freeze it and after I froze
it it became so thick and really jiggly
and when I was playing with it in the
bowl it was just like a slime but when
you take it out it kind of melts and it
isn't very slime like next method I
Tessa was acetone and styrofoam Slom and
this is really common items I use
acetone to remove my nail polish and
styrofoam just the stuff that comes in
all my packages so I found this quite
easy to make when I poured in my acetone
I found that I poured in way too much if
you try out this method definitely do do
it little by little the only thing about
this slime is obviously acetone cheese
for nail polish remover and it really
dries out your nails if you're wearing
nail polish or half fake nails do not
try this and it also has quite a strong
scent so I wouldn't recommend it but it
does work it isn't super slimy like you
see here it's kind of it kind of falls
apart but it has really nice slime
sounds next up we have a recipe that one
of my viewers recommended to me in the
comments and I thought this is a really
weird one so I really wanted to try it
out to help you not waste your time if
it didn't work you're gonna need crayons
and a hairdryer for this and I thought
it was kind of dangerous anyway because
obviously we do this in a bowl and I did
find that it's lasted everywhere so if
you're doing it do it outside because a
those fumes and second of all is so so
messy they also recommend wearing baking
gloves if you try this but I don't
really recommend doing it because when I
added the cornflour which is apparently
meant to make into a butter slime it
just kind of felt like it wasn't very
nice to play with and it kind of looks
like a cosmic brownie when it's all
mixed in because they use all the
different colors but as you can see here
it's really not slime like and it's
literally like mud it's grown
the last two recipes are ones that I've
tried before on my channel but they work
so well I wanted to share them again
because they have everyday items in them
so this one is just a hand soap from
Bayless and Harding and it's called
black pepper and ginseng and all we need
to do is refrigerator not refrigerate
freeze this for five minutes and then it
comes out like a super jelly like clear
slime and I found this on piece of Kage
channel so I'll link him in the
description and that other one is
blu-tac slime and blu-tac is an adhesive
for those who don't know it looks like
this and when you pull the wrapper down
it's kind of like a sticky tape and
we're just going to use this with
foaming hand soap and it's super simple
we just need to mix the two together and
I put a couple of sprays of foaming hand
soap on and then I just mix it up and at
first it's quite easy to stretch out and
then it becomes a little harder to mix
it in and this is when you know that the
slime is coming together when it starts
falling apart weirdly enough and you
just need to keep meeting in the soap
and after a while it will become super
super stretchy I really hope that you
enjoyed this video and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and also
subscribe and I'll see you next week
