hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out popular room DIYs and I
really hope that you enjoy it this video
is sponsored by Disney to help promote a
new show they have coming out on the
Disney Channel in the UK if you're in
the u.s. you may have already seen it
and it's cool and emac the show follows
around Andy in her day to day life and
let me tell you her life is crazy at the
end of the first episode we learn a huge
secret about Andy and Andy didn't even
know her either so we get to see her
reaction and it's just crazy and then
the next few episodes the secrets kind
of coming out and not really and then it
does and everyone's like what but it's
literally the craziest thing and it's so
interesting what I really loves is that
the show just jumped into the secret
instead of making me wait and it really
drew me in and made me love the show
even more when I was watching the show I
also fell in love with Andy's room and
she has so many DIY items may not have
recycled things like her bedside lamp
which I'm actually gonna be recreating
in this video and it's a hollow thing
for all of you people who love hollow so
I really hope that you enjoy it but it's
just so inspiring and it's one of those
things that you watch it and then
instantly you want to go and do cross
Andy is one of my favorite characters
I've ever seen on any TV show just
because she's so different and instead
of shying away from that she really owns
it see what I mean if you watched the
show because her style is the coolest
thing and it's really really out there I
love that the show's made the main
character and also the coolest character
in the show so different because it
really inspires you to be yourself
another thing I'm hoping for is Andy has
a crush on this boy called Jonah and
they're both in fifth grade but Jonah
has a girlfriend in high school so she's
really cool really popular and Andy
makes him a bracelet and then I don't
know if I should be telling you this but
the bracelet is being worn by the really
popular girl in the 3rd episode so he
gave it to her or at least we think so
so we have to watch out how it plays out
but I think by being herself
Andy's gonna get the guy and the popular
girl can go away and give her back a
bracelet even if it doesn't end up that
way I don't really mind because I've
absolutely loved with Andy's friends too
they are the coolest people and I relate
to them so much in an episode that she
had to come they're playing PE and they
don't want to exercise so they're
playing stuck in the mud where you have
to tack someone and when you tag them
they freeze and they were pretending to
be frozen because they didn't want to
run around no it was just like if that
is not me I honestly can't wait to watch
the rest of the series
and I think that you guys are really
gonna enjoy it to you the next episode
as this Friday at 5 p.m. on the Disney
Channel in the UK so don't forget to
watch that and if you didn't have the
chance to watch the first episode or
leave some catch up ways you can watch
it in the description I really hope that
you enjoy it and if you do don't forget
to leave me a comment with what you
think of the show because I'd really
love to have a discussion with you guys
about it if you recreate any of Andy's
cross please feel free to tag me on
instagram because i'd love to see your
creations the first DIY I'm going to
test out is DIY marble nail polishing or
this method we're going to need three
things and the first one is a flower pot
the second one is some nail polishes you
don't mind pouring away and also a bowl
of water I started off by pouring the
nail polishes into the bowl in just a
random order and I always see people who
swallow and the nail polishes I decided
to do this to create a cool design and
then I lowered my pot in very very
slowly and it came out so well I left
her to dry naturally so I didn't mess up
the design and it took 20 minutes so I
decided to do another pot in the
meantime all this pot I decided to try
out a different technique just to see if
it work and I wanted to create a really
detailed face so instead of swirling it
all up I only swallowed up the middle
then I learned my possum really really
slowly and luckily it came out with such
a clean design where the bottom was
really detailed the next day I was
inspired by Andy Mac and I absolutely
fell in love with her bedside lamp with
all the CDs on it so I decided to
recreate it with some recycled items the
first thing I used is an old lampshade
and I also use some see-through fabric
and some fairy lights the first thing
we're gonna do is lay the fabric out and
make sure it's really smooth and once
that's done you can start folding the
fabric over and if there's any bits that
doesn't look like it would kind of fold
over again you can go ahead and tuck
this in the middle then we can pop it
off very low so if you want to use them
and then fold over the fabric again and
once that's done I just tied it with a
hair bubble and then tuck that bit under
so it was really clean and I just went
around and adjusted it just to make sure
there weren't any kinks and then I went
in with my CDs which is my favorite part
it looks so cool and I just got my tacky
tape and stuck it back-to-back so it was
like double-sided tape and I started to
stick my CDs onto the fabric and this
looked so cool it was just like a hollow
thing really but it was much cheaper and
really easy to achieve I have a feeling
you guys are really gonna like this lamp
so if you do and you recreate it please
don't forget to send me your photo
because I'd love to see your creations
also if you're using fairy lights don't
forget to check that they're okay
to be covered because some of them have
a fire hazard so don't use those one
last but not least we have glitter
galaxy jars and I started off by using
some food coloring in water and I tried
to make it pink blue and purple but it
actually turned into red purple and blue
so it was just a lot of purple which
doesn't really matter because we were
making a galaxy one so I started off by
pouring in my purple and then I put in
some Holly with the stars and also some
cotton balls some more glitter and then
I just shook it all up and it turned out
so pretty and it was so easy to make I
really hope that you enjoyed this video
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe see you
next week
