hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing out some no glue no borax clear
slime recipes and I really hope that you
enjoy this video first recipe is a two
ingredients design recipe and it's
including Gargan
also water I prefer using cold water and
methods that we have to go in with our
hands so I use three jugs of cold water
and added it to my bowl the next that
isn't essential but I really like to
color my water just because I find it
makes the slime a bit prettier I use
icing coloring just because there's a
tiny bit thicker than food coloring and
I find that you don't need as much and
then you need to start adding the GAR
gum very very slowly the slower you add
it the better the slime will turn out as
you can see the water is getting thicker
but the powder sticks together in clumps
and if this happens to you is absolutely
fine just go in with your hands and
scoop out and do make sure you get all
of that out other way for slime will be
lumpy and gross then we could go with
our activator and I'm using the Eric six
and one air freshener and it's really
important that you do this outside just
so you don't inhale all the fumes and
you also need a parent to be watching
you if you're under 18 you want to add
this really gradually just until you
feel the slimes coming together and once
it gets a bit thicker feel free to go in
with your hands and just play with it
like you would a normal slime and
eventually it will become really thick
then once we've done that you can go
ahead and add some glitter if you want
and personally I think that gold glitter
works best with this method I just think
it looks so so pretty and it's quite
hard to mix in because the slime has a
jelly texture so what I recommend doing
is just picking it up from the middle
and just dropping it back in the bowl
and eventually you'll be left with a
really really fun slime that makes
awesome sounds
the second method is an awesome one
ingredient slime that I found on Pisa
Cage channel and I'll link him in the
description he found that when he used
Bayless and Harding's black pepper and
ginseng hand wash and put it in split
container evenly spread out and then pop
in the freezer it turns into a slime and
this is the most awesome thing ever it
is really important to spread out out
evenly those so once you poured it in I
just recommend move your container about
just so everything is evenly spread out
and we don't get any lumpy parts then we
want to pop it in the freezer for about
five to six minutes do you keep an eye
on it mine froze a bit in the corner but
it's okay because it will melt a tiny
bit when you touch it but as you can see
it's super jelly like and it turns
really really slimy it doesn't really
make any slime sounds like the other one
but it's so fun to play with and when
you pour it looks just like a normal
slime and it's really fun to watch I
really hope that you enjoyed this video
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe and feel
free to leave any suggestions in the
comments with what videos you'd like to
see in the future I'll see you next week
and I really hope that you enjoyed this
video
