hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make no glue no borax
fluffy signs and I really hope that you
enjoy it
so for fast methods are going to need a
peel-off facemask and I know this is a
really common thing so I try to use some
really unique products just to make it a
bit more interesting there's going to be
no shading foam in this method so we're
going to use our peel or face master
start off with and just empty a bunch of
packs I think I used about eight in
total we're really really small and then
I added one teaspoon or firming facial
wash the one I use was clean and clear
but I'm pretty sure any one will work
and this will just help to thicken up
the mix and make it a really really
thick slime then to make it fluffy we're
going to use some shaving gel and I used
to let and I was so surprised at how
fluffy this made my mix I heard that it
would make it fluffy but I wasn't really
sure because I've never used it in this
way and it was just amazing it kind of
turned even fluffier than it would if I
use the shaving foam and as you can see
here the slime kind of started to pull
away and I googled it apparently with
clear slimes shaving foam actually works
than activators so I added a tiny bit
more and it did pull away but not that
much so I thought maybe I didn't add
enough face masks and I went back in
with a couple of packets and I think I
added about three more and this just
made the mixture a bit thicker it did
activate a bit but not fully so I
decided to go in with Kershaw's laundry
starch for an activator and I did two
teaspoons of this and then I added some
cold water you can add whole personally
I just like to add cold and then you
just stir up and you can't let this one
sit otherwise it all sinks to the
bottoms you have to do it quite quickly
and I just add this in a little boy
whistle and it activates very quickly as
you can see here it kind of becomes hard
but the more you stir it it just becomes
a bit more sticky and more slime like
when this line becomes difficult to
start I just go in with my hands and
stop playing with there and normally at
first it's quite task but then the more
you play with it the softer it becomes
and obviously the heat of your hands
warms everything up and kind of melts
with slime a bit so it becomes super
fluffy and super stretchy like this I
found that the slime didn't deflate it
too literally kept its shape for so long
it was so soft and so stretchy and I
just asked what you love this method
method two is one of my favorites and
this is a lot thicker than the previous
method it's super buttery as well kind
of feels like a buff of science if you
don't have access to dyes okay this
might be the one for you
so I normally comes out the package
quite tough so we need to do some things
to soften it up and my favorite things
to do is first of all add lotion this is
always the necessary thing but I think
that foaming hand wash it's also really
great if you don't have access to
firming hand wash warm water will work
in the same way obviously won't give it
a different texture the lotion just
softens up the mix and makes it a lot
easier to handle at first when you mix
this in the slime will start to break
off and this is completely normal you
just need to keep kneading it in and not
add any more ingredients if it continues
to be hard after maybe five minutes of
kneading it in then go ahead and add
some more lotion the clay should be
really soft at this point and should be
really easy to poke and kind of mold
around once it gets to the stage we can
go ahead and start adding some shaving
foam and this is the classic thing to
add Sloan to make it super fluffy and
the one I use from Gillette and I just
went ahead and added load this not only
helps to make the slime fluffy it also
makes a lot softer so that's why it's
important not to add too much lotion
before so the slime see stick and after
playing with it for a while it should
end up like this
laughter not least we have method
through and this is just a mix of the
two previous slides just to see the
outcome and at first it was disastrous
and it ripped apart so I added loads of
oceans and waited to see what happened
the two textures mixed together really
well and it ended up just like a normal
slam and it was super thick I really
hope that you enjoyed this video and if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and I'll see you next week
