hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
mixing some random things in to clear
slime and I really hope that you enjoy
it first thing I decided to mix them
with artificial snow and I know this
sounds really weird but it creates such
a good crunch and I recommend doing this
really sticky clear slime if you want to
try this at home because I found that
when I just added my normal class time
it didn't hold as much as the snow as I
wanted it to you I had to spend a really
long time kneading it in but eventually
it became super crunchy and gave this
really nice sound next up I decided to
add some macaroni pasta into some clear
slime and I thought this would be so
crunchy and I wasn't wrong I literally
love the sound this made I wanted to
change the texture of the actual slime
so I decided to add a fried egg with a
runny yolk and this made it so bubbly
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you next week
