hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
showing you how to make avalanche slime
metallic slime and also cream to you
slow these are three of my all-time
favorite recipes so I thought I'd share
them with you but before we get into
that I just want to say a huge thank you
to Gameloft for sponsoring this video
with their amazing game Disney Magic
Kingdom the game consists of lots of
little tasks that you're guided through
as you progress through different levels
and you come into contact with some of
your favorite Disney characters as well
as some attractions from Disney venues
around the world
my favorite venues are the games of the
ones that I've already visited in real
life so things like Space Mountain is a
small world and once I think lawful
which I just find so cool seeing in a
game when I've been there before and
starting from July 6 a new update brings
one of my all-time favorite Disney
movies to the game and the Lion King
joins Disney Magic Kingdom scar plans
I'm building an army of hyenas to attack
the pride lands but it's up to simper
and his friends to stand up to him and
save the kingdom all of your favorite
characters from the film will be
available to download and my favorite
characters are definitely Samoan convert
because let's face it they are ultimate
friendship goals they have been French
it goes from day one you can also
download amazing characters like Nala
and Simba and as well as the new update
there are chances to come into contact
with loads of other members of the
Disney family including some from my
favorite film utopia or if you're
British like me you might know as the
drop list because for some reason it
seems something different over here but
they have all your favorite characters
like judy hopps chief BOGO nick everyone
is on a few slow fun and it's not just
them that they have in the game they
have characters from frozen like Elsa
and then they have Buzz Lightyear from
Toy Story you'll never ever bored when
you're playing it which I find so fun
because some games can be a bit
repetitive but I never find it with this
one and the game is free-to-play and
available in the App Store Google Play
Store and Windows sort if you do
download it don't forget to let me know
in the comments and I hope that you
enjoy it as much as I do the first time
we're going to be making is Avalanche
dome and for this we're going to need to
make two different types of slime the
first one we're going to be making is a
white brief Simon for this we're going
to need some normal PVA glue six pumps a
foaming hand wash and two pumps of
moisturizer it creates a really nice
soft slime and this is perfect for a
Vilanch zone because the main mistake
that people make is they make the white
part too thick so the parts don't merge
together and form but if you leave the
white part a little bit sticky and it
has quite a flimsy soft texture then it
formed really easily in a lot quicker
than other formulas well the second part
we're going to need a clear base
I'm and for this I'm just using normal
Elmer's glue without any water in it
because I want it to be really thick but
don't forget that the activator for
Clair slime is slightly different from
normal foam and you're going to need two
teaspoon of borax to two cups of warm
water instead of one teaspoon to one cup
and when it was fully activated I just
went ahead and split the Clair's phloem
into two cups and don't forget that this
is white because it's just been played
with so when you add the coloring or
look a lot lighter than it actually
would turn out in the end but you just
want to stir up and then once you've
mixed with colors in you want to split
the two colors into 50/50 sections at
the bottom leaving half of the pot still
empty for the white glue and you want to
make sure the white grief slime is put
all over the top of it and there aren't
any gaps otherwise it can look kind of
uneven and it won't give a nice
avalanche effect once I've got it all
laid out I just tilt it up with some
more white glue and I leave it for about
three to four days it does depend on
what kind of Grizz you're using but it
should end up like this and then you're
left with this really nice avalanche
fact the second flam we're going to be
making is cream cheese slime and the
base of this is white glue and
cornstarch and they're the things that
make it really really thick so what I
like to do is add my career and then add
some cornstarch on top of it and then
layer some more glue on top of that and
I always find that this just helps it
get to the right consistency because if
I add the cornstarch on top then it
becomes too thick and kind of like a
dough and then after I've stirred it all
then I go ahead and add about half a cup
of shaving foam and three pumps of
foaming facial cleanser and the facial
cleanser just helps to thicken it up
whilst the shaving foam add some fluff
to the mix and once I start that will
then I just go ahead and check this the
right consistency and thick enough
because you want a really thick mixture
otherwise it won't be a creamy cream
cheese slime it will just be kind of
like a normal fluffy slime and then you
just want to go ahead and add your
activating really slowly and going with
your hands because this overactive boots
so quickly so if you don't do this then
it can become really hard and you don't
want that to happen so you just want to
knead it for a while even if it feels
like it's over activated at first it's
normally just because it's really thick
because of all the cornstarch and you're
left with such a nice smooth slime
last step we have metallic slime and I
always get questions on how to do this
and what's the safest way because a lot
of people use acrylic paints but I
actually prefer to use eyeshadows for
today's method I'm using a barium
dazzled us and this is just in the shade
44 which is a bronze shade they
did you find glitters as well which
works a bit better for if you want like
a glittery one but I wanted a bronze one
for this so I just added some quickly
and after I mix my pigment in I simply
just added some activator which is one
teaspoon of borax the two cups of warm
water and that's pretty much all you
have to do to make the metallic foam if
you want it to be the original color of
the pigment you added just leave it for
a few days for the slime to clear up and
that will be it thank you so much for
watching this video I really hope that
you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I'll
see you next week
