in today's video I'm going to be testing
out some no glue no borax loan recipes
and the first time we're going to be
testing is a lip gloss foam this is
actually recommended to me by one of my
subscribers you wanted me to test out
some Korean makeup and make it into
slime I couldn't find any Korean
websites that could quickly ships to UK
though so I decided to pick up the six
pack of peel off lip glosses of Amazon
and these don't contain any polyvinyl
alcohol even though they're pew of which
I thought was so cool the products are
intended as a lip stain so if you don't
want to get your hands messy I recommend
using gloves if you do this asset yeah
activator I decided to pair with these
lip glosses actually Eric six and one
just because I know this works really
well with normal Simon also things I use
the substitute foam so I thought would
be great for this method and it worked
really well it did the normal thing of
becoming quite hard and then the more
you start to stick here it becomes so
you just need to keep adding your air
work and then stirring in but as you can
see it's quite messy on the bowl in
between stirring I just kept scraping
off to make sure I wasn't losing any
product on my final few guys I was
getting really impatient so I added
loads of our works at once and it made
such a nice foam it wasn't sticky at all
but it did say my fingers so I do
recommend wearing gloves if you try this
method the next method I tested with
silly string foam and for this you're
going to obviously need some silly
string and I use some moisturizer and
foaming hand wash later on so I started
off by pouring it all into a bowl and
this is actually a lot harder than I
thought it would be I thought that was
all going to kind of sprout at once it
would be really easy by honestly had to
shake the bottle for maybe two minutes
to get anything to come out and then
when it was in the bowl it didn't start
it was just already made and I was so
confused so I decided to try and soften
it just by adding some moisturizer and
then some foaming hand wash but this
kind of made it a tiny bit soggy but it
was easy to hold it was soft and it
wasn't particularly stretchy but it was
kind of like a slime the last recipe is
one that so many people have been asking
me to test and this is shower gel slime
you're going to need a shower gel and
also a toothpaste containing gel in just
normal toothpastes that I'm using
Aquafresh I started off by pouring my
shower gel into a bowl and I'm using the
lush comforter and then I started adding
the toothpaste slowly because I kind of
guess that this would be an activator
and when I stirred it in it was so so
appreciate created such a nice fly look
it was kind of like a light lilac color
actually but it wasn't thinking together
a tool so I suppose to add my next tube
of toothpaste
and again this didn't work either it
just became really kind of runny and it
doesn't pull together asshole so this
one was a massive fail thank you so much
for watching this video I really hope
that you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I'll
see you next week
