hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
testing some no borax line recipes and
the first thing we're going to be
showing you is wood glue slime all this
we're going to need some Elmer's wood
glue I'm also gonna need a shaving gel
some people say that shaving cream works
but I tried this and it personally
didn't work for me so I don't recommend
this you want to add the shaving gel in
gradually I didn't realize it would
activate so quickly so I added in quite
a lot but as you can see here when I was
starring in it pulled away almost
immediately and turned into a slide
basically straight away it's quite a
thick mixture so it's hard to tell when
it's fully activated because it's quite
hard to stir so I do recommend just
going in with your hands and adding the
shaving gel in that way original creator
of this slime is good swirly slime on
Instagram I'll leave a link in the
description and she recommends that if
your slime still a bit sticky to just go
with your hands and add the shaving gel
until it becomes a really nice smooth
texture one of the most popular comments
on my videos is definitely telling me
that you can chew up gum and use it as
slime so in this method I'm just testing
that and I decided to use the little
pallets but basically I soaked them
until the sugar coating came off then I
started playing with them in my hand
just to make it a bit softer and at
first it was quite hard because they
were quite stiff so I just kept dipping
it back in the water too soft for their
and also add more moisture to the mix
and then I would play with it because
obviously that's what happens in your
mouth when you're chewing gum and I
guess you can't chew gum to play with it
but I think it's a lot more sanitary to
do it this way and it became super super
stretchy after playing with it the next
slide has been one that I've wanted to
try for so long and it's champey slime
and this only works with suave kids two
and one and I literally waited for two
months to get this in the post but it
finally came and I basically poured half
of the bottle out into a bowl and then
covered the surface of it with a tiny
bit of salt and I know it looks like a
lot on camera but it really wasn't a lot
and I started to stir it and I didn't
notice anything at first but then I kind
of noticed it was kind of becoming like
a jelly I'm slightly pulling away from
the sides so I was really really hopeful
because I tried this with normal shampoo
and it didn't work asshole as you can
see here it did start to form a slime
I'll have to test this out for 20
minutes just to make it a bit more thick
and I noticed that when I poked it it
did break quite easily but I mean it was
a slime but it didn't feel as nice as
the real thing the last thing I'm going
to be testing with BlueTEC
Slone and i'm not going to be using the
same method as i used before because you
guys told me that foaming hand wash
works way better with it than
moisturizer does so I started to add my
foaming hand wash on top of the blue
tack and I started to knead it in and I
noticed that when it went all stringy
last time I did give up but you guys
told me to add more foaming hand washing
keep kind of kneading it and making it
more soft and this worked so so well it
became just like a slime it was kind of
like a clay slime but it was super
stretchy and really fun to play with so
thank you so much for making me retry
this I'm so sorry I haven't been posting
much this week I've been in hospital so
I haven't really been able to film or
edit but I really hope I can have some
new videos out for you next week and I
hope that you enjoyed this video and if
you did don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and also subscribe
