hi guys today's video is going to be on
some no borax slime recipes and I really
hope that you find them helpful for the
first time we're going to be making new
black and this is the strangers and
cooler slime I've ever played with there
are two main ingredients and these are
cornstarch and water I use three types
of cornstarch in half a bowl of water
then what you want to do is just pull
the cornstarch up from the bottom and
try and get it to dissolve and the first
up normally dissolves fully but then
with the second one it's a bit harder so
what I recommend doing is pushing the
cornstarch under and then just swirling
it around in the bowl and after you've
done that you want to go with your hands
and just break up all the big lumps this
is gonna make the mixture so smooth and
it's also gonna help thicken it up when
I added my last tub this was so so hard
to mix in so I went in straight with my
hands and I just started breaking it up
immediately and this is when the mixture
starts turning into a slime and it
becomes so thick it's so cool so
basically if you hit it hard or you
apply any pressure to it then it's a
solid but if you just relax your hands
or don't put any pressure on it then it
becomes a liquid and I'm not
exaggerating when I say this is
literally the coolest slime I've ever
played with and why found super cool is
when I took my hand out of the slime it
turned from the red color on the right
to a really shiny orange color on the
left next up we have play-doh slime and
this is recommended by someone in the
comments and what they said you can do
it's just mixing some moisturizer with
normal play-doh and as you can see here
normal play-doh kind of breaks apart but
they said that when you mix moisturizer
in it makes it so stretchy so I did was
add a few pumps of foaming hand wash and
also some moisturizer to similar colors
I used red orange and yellow and I
massaged each one of them individually
and then added them all together it did
take quite a lot of leading and they did
fall apart for quite a while but the
more moisturizer I added and the more I
kind of met it in it became so soft and
it was kind of like a clay butter slime
the last method is one I've seen
everywhere recently and this is nail
polish lime for this we're going to need
some olive oil and also have a couple of
nail polishes the first nail polishes I
used for from Maybelline and they were
the color show ones and I'm not kidding
when I say these are literally
impossible to get out the boss so I
spent maybe 15 minutes just getting a
couple of drops out so then I just went
ahead and stirred it all in and
apparently this is gonna make it a slime
and when
I was starring it I was really hopeful
but look at what I got I got some shiny
olive oil so I was really determined not
to give up so I also added an old barium
nail polish that I had in my drawer and
this is just in the yellow shade this
actually pulled the whole mixture
together really really quickly I don't
know what it was apparently old nail
polishes don't work for this method but
this was a really old one maybe three
years old and it worked great so I just
got it all in my hand and I'm just
warning you now this does not smell nice
it literally smells like nail polish
remover and the Olive woo just makes it
smell kind of dirty but it does feel
like slime it is fun to play with it
just is a bit messy thank you so much
for watching this video I really hope
that you enjoyed it and if you did don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I'll
see you next week
