hi guys in today's video I'm going to be
reviewing famous and underrated slime
shops and I really hope that you enjoy
it first up we have slime OGIS liquid
light tea slime and I wasn't expecting
this to be so pretty in real life but it
looks just like the videos and what I
really really liked about this slime is
how holdable it is even though it feels
like a slime and not a another
thing I was really impressed with is
that it didn't melt in transit I always
find with clear signs I have to
reactivate them but this is just it
straight out of the pot and as you can
see it's perfect it's so so thick and
it's still so nice for those of you who
don't know slime mochi was actually the
person who started the butter slime
trend so when I saw her butter Slimers
in stock I had to try it and as you can
see it this is really thick but as well
as being super thick your fingers just
sink into it and it's so soft really
creamy I guess super butter like like a
real butter doesn't actually smell like
butter
I don't know I was expecting the scent
to be but it has a sweet cream sun is
really lightly scented you can barely
smell it I kind of like that with this
flame though I really like the texture
more than anything else kind of looks
like a cream cheese slime I guess
roasted marshmallow smells so good and
this was a really unusual scent for me
because this smells like men's
aftershave I really wasn't expecting it
with roasted marshmallow being the name
but once I warm swear I actually really
loved it and as you can see the slime
super thick and glossy but it's also
really stretchy and it has the best
bubble crunches it stays so firm so
they're super crisp rainbowfish is such
a horrible clear slime and the first
thing I noticed when I was poking it was
that it was quite tough and I don't know
if I over activated it and it's not
meant to be a party like texture I found
it a lot more fun when you're playing
with the slime in the palm of your hands
kind of squishing it or stretching
instead of poking it like you do a
normal clear slime moon prism has a
really similar texture to rainbow fish
and that it kind of feels like a
and it's super horrible so it's not as
fun to poke as it is to kind of play
with in your hands but I might prefer
this one just because the glitters are
more unique and in rainbow fish they
were hollow it didn't show up on camera
too much but and this is just so so
pretty
the deli containers came rats in the six
ounces weren't but nothing broke apart
from moon prison which I actually break
when I was opening it because the slime
was so thick next up we have the slime
alert who is an Australian slammer and
as you can see this slime is so thick I
love that alone beads weren't out of a
crunchy effect they were just kind of
like a decorative thing on the top and
we also have some sprinkles at the
bottom and some glitter in between so
there's stuff all around there and I
just love this slide it's also so thick
and so clear it's not scented just to
keep the clarity but as you can see it's
just so beautiful another really
beautiful slime from her was marshmallow
twists and as you can see the charms are
the colours of this just goes so well
it's quite a basic phloem I don't mind
that at all because I just like basic
slimes if you're looking for something
really unique this probably isn't the
slime for you but it definitely comes
with the best presentation blueberry
pancake is super thick and glossy and as
you can see this uses flame bees for
decoration just add a burst of color but
it doesn't really affect the texture
that much I couldn't really feel it in
that I just love how thick and glossy
this day for so long even when he was
swirling up it stayed super glossy which
I was really impressed with my one
criticism of the slime is that it
doesn't smell very nice rainbow sugar
cookie is so pretty and as you can see
it has loads of colors in it when I was
mixing up I was kind of worried it was
turning into a really gross color but it
actually turned out looking just like a
cookie which I was really impressed with
because she obviously thought this out
really carefully one thing that bothered
me slightly was how white the class line
was I don't normally mind if it's a tiny
bit wet or just a tiny bit like kind of
damp but this was super super wet and it
didn't really fall like a cloud sign but
I think this could be easily
reformulated Milky Way Frappuccino was
definitely better than the last one I
think they're slightly different
formulas because this one definitely did
fall more like a cloud slime I think
this might have a really dodgy slow in
there rather than she's bad at making
the cloud slice because it definitely
has cloud slime textures it's just how
much water it gives off I think is the
problem because
as you can see it's very wet but it
definitely does feel a lot more like a
cloud same with this one and I love the
sizzles on both of them so I'm kind of
worried this is kind of meant to be a
cloud cream or something and I'm just
giving it a really unfair review
everything came bubble wraps and she
included borax akashi and also some
extras next up we have some other Slom
who's one of my favorites Lomas and as
you can see this slime is beautiful it's
kind of like a swirled clay slab it's
super super clear like is super doughy
and thick which I love and the smell of
this is heavenly I keep going back to
smell it it kind of smells like a sugar
cinnamon pretzel to me I know the name
of cinema's probably meant to be a
cinnamon muffin but I've never tried one
so I can't compare it to that but this
is gorgeous so thick and so spreadable
tink about is the prettiest fishbowl
slime I've ever seen as you can see it
just glistens and my favorite thing
about this is the glitter sink to the
bottom so when you fold it over it just
looks so so pretty and so shimmery and
it doesn't hurt your hands at all
because it has so much slime in there
but it's still super super crunchy and I
just can't rave without the slime enough
is beautiful and it's also such a fun
texture to play with
I recently watched wreck-it Ralph and
athlete you loved it so when I saw this
vanellope slime in there I was so
excited is a gorgeous clothesline with
some little Disney things on the bottom
and then it has pink Java chips which
I've never seen before I don't think
they're just so beautiful they have
really nice texture to the slope and I
love how fluffy this gets it inflates so
much and I think it's just because it
has so many extras in there but this is
such a gorgeous slam and I think it has
a rainbow sherbet Sun the plastics is
inspired by Mean Girls and this is one
of my favorite slimes I've recreated the
slime like this really recently this is
the new slime trend it's kind of like a
soft clay butter and it's just so
spreadable but so thick and as you can
see this is so vibrant in color I
absolutely love playing with this it was
so fluffy as well when you play with it
after a while and I just found that this
inflated so much I definitely needed
another container to put it in if you do
buy this line just have a container
ready and this smells amazing again I
think it has a rainbow sherbet scent her
anxious or the absolute best she
actually has her own stickers so that's
how I playing with slime on one of them
and then it's her logo on the other then
she sent some clay sand sprinkles and
flame beads and everything came really
well packaged and nothing broke this
slide from tweet slime really shocked me
because at first it looks like a clay
slab and then when you take it out of
the container you realize how glossy it
is and this is so so soft it definitely
is a clay and then when it's inflated it
goes really matte and fluffy and this
inflates so so much how's it go just
watermelon scent and I just can't dream
about this slime enough and I think the
charm that comes with this is so cute
summer lovin is the prettiest slam as
you can see it kind comes in a gradient
so it has pink of the boss and orange in
the middle and then yellow at the top
and I always find slides like this so
hard to take out the container without
mixing it but I gave it my best shot and
it kind of came out like a cloud cream
dough I would say it's really nice it
wasn't wet at all it was super soft and
I love the charm that comes with this I
love when slime accounts makes loans
based off their name and this is the
official tweet slime and as you can see
it's kind of like a birdie slime I would
say and this is a really thick dough
cloud slime it doesn't trestle very
smoothly but I do really enjoy playing
with it it's super dry as you can see it
just doesn't drizzle like a normal cloud
slime it doesn't have a bad drizzle but
it just isn't super super drizzly Little
Mermaid really blew me away when I first
touched it I was expecting it to be
sticky but it wasn't at all it was super
thick and super super glossy and the
more I play with that I was really
surprised that it wasn't going cloudy
and the pigment was still showing
through really clearly and this happened
for basically the whole time I was
playing with it and I thought this line
was awesome the next line is what I
would describe is a perfect beginner
slam this is so thick and doughy is so
creamy and spreads really well but it
also won't fall over your shift sheet
from the Sheep you're keeping it in so
it's just a great beginner slime I love
the color of this as well and I think
for an 8-ounce it's actually a really
reasonable price everything came super
well packaged and this was put to the
test because the box is actually super
broken and as you can see all the slimes
were fine she was so generous with her
extras she included daizo some clues and
then she included the standard borax and
care sheet chuck you slime 70t slimes
and the first one was poppin strawberry
and this has that fake snow it's kind of
plastic in it and I love this slime it
inflated so much it was really fun to
play with it isn't one that I usually
get sent so it was just really new and
fun for me and I love doing bubble
swells with this and I had a really
gorgeous
strawberry son the next time from her
was also amazing this is called animal
cookies inspired by the food I think and
this is a clay Slone but it's still so
glossy it kind of has like a bubblegum
texture I would say and then the phloem
bees just add something to it
she wrapped everything really cutely it
kind of like a Christmas cracker I would
say and then she included these extras
some borax and a cash sheet as well
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
and if you did don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up and I will see you
next week
