hi guys today's video is going to be on
how to make sign without glue and blacks
and I really hope that you find it
helpful for the first method we're going
to need a peel-off facemask and this
doesn't need to be any specific brand a
lot of people use the Freeman one which
I'm using but it just has to contain the
ingredient polyvinyl alcohol and for my
activator I'm going to be using Carol's
laundry starch and this is a powdered
one so you do need to prepare it I like
to use two heaped teaspoons of laundry
starch and mix it in with a cup of hot
water it's really important to go from
the bottom up because they always find
lumps at the bottom so you want it
properly mixed in then we can start
pouring our facemask now and as bad as I
have achieved a facemask in my opinion
because this took so long maybe about 10
minutes just to get the contents out of
6 packets so yes trying to achieve if
you can then you want to pour about 3
teaspoons of the solution into the bowl
and you want to start and the best thing
about this method is as you can see here
it starts pulling together really
quickly because there's so much water in
the mixture it makes this flow into so
much bigger but somehow it doesn't make
it jiggly it just makes it a big
assignment amazing so I keep adding it
really slowly and sewing it in when it
gets a really sticky consistency I like
to go ahead and add my gel food coloring
it's important to use gel because this
sticks in well with the mixture and then
you want to keep adding it until it gets
to this consistency and then you want to
leave it for about half an hour and I
recommend leaving it because I always
find it with this method the slimes grow
slightly harder after a bit of time and
after you've left that you're left with
this really nice stretchy slime those so
so fun to play with the next recipe is
from well it's loam and I absolutely
love it because it's using stuff that
you normally have around your house
anyway first thing you're going to need
is some normal plain flour and then
you're also going to need a couple of
jugs of water I want to pour about 3/4
of your bag of flour into a bowl and
then pour your first jug over it as you
can see here I colored it if you want to
color it I do recommend having a few on
hand because if you're making a big bowl
like this the color does get lost in it
you want to service them really really
gently until all the water's absorbed
and it starts to come and like a do then
we can go ahead and add another jug of
water and I recommend adding this really
slowly because it's like me that is too
much water to amount of flour you have
it can go really gooey and gross then
what you want to do is add it slowly and
mix it in all the time what I did was
pour a whole jug in and then I mix in my
food coloring and it did kind of end up
looking like black which isn't the worst
thing in the wall but it isn't the best
when you're trying to make slime
if it gets to the stage like I have rich
of business then you can go ahead and
just add some more flour just to make it
more doughy and then you can just play
with it with your bare hands because it
won't stain your hands once it's got
more flour in it when it's ready it
should be super thick and really fun to
play with and kind of stretch you as
well my favorite things about this
method is first of all how easy it is to
make but also how safe it is to play
with and it kind of sounds like phloem
as well I really hope that you enjoyed
this video and if you did don't forget
to give it a thumbs up I will to
subscribe see you next week
