hi guys today's video is going to be on
how to make three different types of
slime and I really hope that you enjoy
it the first time I'm going to be
showing you how to make a fishbowl
slushy slime or you're going to need a
sinclair group I recommend using some
food coloring and also some glitter just
to make it super pretty
after you stir that all in you can start
adding your activator and we don't want
to slowly activate it because we want it
to be super super sticky I actually kind
of like mine semi like a glue still when
I'm adding my beads just so it holds it
really really firmly and I know my beads
won't fall out when I fully activated it
so I start by adding my fishbowl beads
and then start adding my slushy beads
very gradually and as you can see here
my slime actually stayed a bit sticky so
after I stirred or then I added a tiny
tiny bit of activator just to lose the
stickiness and I ended up with such a
good crunch
the next time we're going to be making
is bottle sperm and for this we're going
to me a really basic Sloane recipe the
recipe I like using has PVA flew in at
eight pumps of lotion ten pumps of
foaming hand wash and about a cup of
shaving foam after we've added all those
ingredients we can go ahead and start in
and once we've got that all stirred in
into a real even consistency we can go
with our paint or food coloring I like
using the Crayola washable in yellow for
this method and I stir it in and after I
do that I just activate it and so it
becomes a really nice sticky texture I
like to activate it fully but if it's a
bit sticky that works really well as
well then the next ingredient we're
going to need is our Crayola model magic
clay I like to add loads and loads of
lotion to this to really soften it up
and as you can see here it's super super
tough and when you add the lotion it
does fall apart of it but if you keep
kneading it it becomes really really
soft and such a nice texture when it
gets from the stage we can go ahead and
add it to one regular sign that we made
earlier and this did take me a while
from you in probably about five minutes
just because the clay is slow so thick
but once is needed and it's such a nice
texture and if you didn't add enough
lotion to a model magical slime might be
a bit rubbery but you can fix this just
by adding lotion to the regular slime
and it will be super smooth last but not
least you have our bubblegum slime and
for this we're going to me some PVA glue
two cups of shaving foam can pump the
foaming hand wash by Constellation and
about seven pumps of foaming facial
cleanser you can't just use those
ingredients that passed me I like to add
about four tablespoons of baby powder
and three tablespoons of cornstarch just
to make it a bit thicker when it's fully
activated then when you have mixed all
in you can go ahead and add whatever
color you want but to stay true to the
bubblegum color added some pink I then
went ahead and activated it and it
didn't take very long because of how
much shaving foam I put in and when it
came out and you play with it for a
while it was just such a nice texture it
was so thick and fun to play with I
really hope that you enjoyed this video
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe see you
next week
