hi guys today's video is going to be my
slime room tour and as you can see I
have so many supplies behind me so I
just thought this would be the best time
to film this video and yep I really hope
that you enjoy it and if you do don't
forget to give it a thumbs up thumbs up
just a thumbs up all the fun is coming
back so this is where I keep all of my
supplies and this is where I filmed my
youtube videos I'll show you all that in
a second so over here I have all of my
clues and I use Elmer's I order off
Amazon and these ones are 11 pounds from
Elmer's and these are from I think an
independent seller and it cost about 40
pounds and then this is some school glue
I haven't actually tried this yet but a
lot of people like it for slimes I
wanted to and I have to clear glues I
have some British squeeze this one is so
good it's just like Elmer's it's the
Baker Ross extra strong one and then I
have my two bowls that I use for filming
this one's a bit scratched up this is my
new one it's from Pyrex and these little
spatulas both of them are from power
land made by Jane Asha and then I have
two bubble hand washes and this one is
the method one I haven't used this one
yet arrived yesterday and the one I
usually use is the Tesco kids one and
this is really good and it doesn't
really smell of anything either then I
have some conditioners to soften my
slime and also for making glossy slime
and then I have an Aussie shampoo as
well some baby oil talcum powder some
Musel and I don't have any shaving cream
which doesn't happen often as you can
see I tend to use this one the most I
really like it it's quite moisturizing
and this one has quite strong scents so
I tend to avoid it and these are what I
use if I don't have any bubble hand wash
so it's just like a bubble shower gel
basically and then these are all my
slime boxes I don't have many because I
tend to throw them away after a month
and then I have some extras over here so
this is what I use when I'm not using
borax and it's the castle's laundry
starch and I order this of Amazon but I
think you can get it from Tesco as well
and then I have two sets so they're kind
of like fishbowl slushy beads I'm going
to call them fishbowl boobs now but I
get these off Amazon as well and then
I've got some glitter some
hello stars I think I got these from
like a craft shop in London and I have
loads of them they were quite cheap like
20p each and then I have some foam beads
and this is off eBay and then I have
some mac and cheese pasta because I
wanted to make mac and cheese slime and
these are my favorite food things I have
some over here as well they're like a
gel food coloring and I think they
usually use in icing that is so so good
for coloring slimes and then over here I
have all of the supplies I saw them for
like hotels well not stolen but like the
extras they give you this one is a bliss
shampoo and I have some conditioners and
some face washes so this is the table I
form on it's just a normal
IKEA square table with a piece of
wallpaper on top and I have the
wallpaper because a it's pretty and B is
really easy to clean up all I have to do
is just lift it and then on the table at
the moment I have some slime reviews
this one is my favorite slime ever so
pretty and it's from slime New York and
it's called fairy dust blob and these
are some extras they sent me and then I
I try to make an avalanche slime in a
small bucket I don't really know why and
yeah it sucked and then in this unit
over here I have all of my paints and I
always use washable paint my favorite
paints to use are the Crayola washables
I just think they're so good and you
only need a tiny bit of fans then on
this level I have all of this like
random stuff I have some model magic I
thought this is going to be like a whole
table but it's only for pact and behind
it I have some neck pillows with
microbeads this is a big bottle of borax
I used to fill up my mini dispenser I
use a hand
wash things and refillable one because
it's easy to get like pump by pump out
so you don't really ruin your slime much
then I have two moisturizers this one is
from Dove and this one is from Johnson
and yeah that is my sign room so I
really hope that you enjoyed this video
and if you did don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and also subscribe
