hi guys today's video is going to be an
easy how to make clear slime tutorial
for beginners and I really hope that you
find it helpful the first thing that
you're going to need is a clear slime
activator this consists of half a
teaspoon of borax - one cup of warm
water then will not start and to make
sure all the borax is dissolved once
we've done that we want to grab a cloth
and start wiping down all the sauces and
tools that we're going to be using to
create this slime if we don't do this
and sometimes the foam can become yellow
when other things all clean you can go
ahead and add your clue to your ball I
like to add a whole bottle of grease so
I can use the empty bottles to fill it
up with water and get an even amount of
glue to water in my mix this is really
important because sometimes if you add
too much the slime can break and it
isn't fun to play with then we're going
to start adding the water really
gradually to our glue and stirring in
thoroughly until the mixtures are all
the same consistency and there are no
parts that are thicker than the other
when we reach this stage we can start
adding our activator really slowly and I
have to emphasize on being slow with
this clear slimes one of those things if
you add one too many pumps of activator
the whole thing is ruined and it turns
into a rock so I add about five pumps at
a time and keep stirring it for about
two minutes between adding activator
when it starts forming lumps even if it
doesn't look like slow-mo this literally
it's just lumps in my mix I always find
that these parts become really really
hard so I just scoop all of the bits but
kind of forming into my hand just take
it into another container and then I
start adding more activator to my mix
and just keep repeating this until I'm
left with a tiny bit of liquid at the
end the reason why I'm taking these
lumps out is when I go back in with my
activator to activate the rest I always
find that these parts turn into really
hard slime and then it doesn't mix in
with the rest of my whole slime is
ruined so once I've taken out all the
months and I'm left with a tiny bit of
liquid at the end I put it into the pot
and then I pour my liquid over it then I
go with my spatula and start breaking up
some little pieces of the lumps and as
you can see it's already kind of forming
a heart of slime so I just like going my
hand and just breaking it all up so it's
easier for the water to get absorbed
into the mixture once I've done that I
cover it in an airtight container and
leave it for about two hours
just so everything mixes in and as you
can see you're left with a really nice
sticky consistency clear slime it's
really important that it stays sticky
because otherwise fine will become hard
to make your slime become clear more
quickly
want to put a really small amount in a
big container this was only set up for
two hours and as you can see is really
clear but with thicker slides like this
it takes about three days to clear up
this is what this loam looks like after
three days of clear up as you can see
it's just as clear as the previous one
it's just a bit thicker bubbles will
form in your slime again because that's
just what happens when you play with it
so don't think that you've done it wrong
you just need to put it in a container
and repeat the process I really hope
that you enjoyed this video and if you
did don't forget to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe
see you next week
