that's where I get my fat ass Rose I'm
gonna make Ricky propose in the next
like six months just so I can have like
a full ring to wear okay so everyone's
downstairs I have to start doing my
makeup but my mom's yeah and then she's
gonna pick me shopping
maybe but rice is downstairs and he
needs white nail polish because he's
gonna write supreme on this red bike to
make it look cooler I don't know but
he's exposed Brian I don't want it to
hit the car I'm so scared
this is all because I'm too lazy to walk
downstairs it's not gonna shatter any
hands to try to catch it
one two three yes Queen oh my god I
heard my echo okay what time that he's
inside happy birthday to you you're 37
do you miss bad yeah well you are so
Frazier so Frazier and Charlotte just
got a new little teacup puppy dog a
piggy and we're gonna go see it
where's the puppy come on Susan oh my
gosh I'm gonna pee our old house where's
my doggy
oh my gosh so tiny I'm gonna be the best
aunty you'll ever have
we need one more mom named it Milan oh
good morning little guys this is like
this is my hand
he's the tiniest oh my god oh my god
that was the cute just cool I did I
never I never zoom in on the bottle zoom
in on the bottoms get it Paris I know
look good you're gonna be huge on
Instagram buddy do you hate when I clean
the closet are we having fun yet having
fun do you hate my closet I hate no I
just have too much like this is how many
jean jackets I had and already got rid
of a lot but my mom just found my shirt
that I wore and it's every night says
music video it stretches out oh my god
stop like when do I ever gonna wear that
it's so see-through and has a matching
top watch go naked and have my Bush oh
it's coming together slowly but surely
and I have to color coordinate and get
like all the right hangers and make this
cuter but it's coming together and this
is my favorite part
and then we got some more books yes all
right I'm picking up my mom we're
getting our nails done because I need to
get that ASA
my other brother rut flies in tonight
no no road rage hi Susie we're getting
our nails done gp2 I'm so tired
it doesn't look blurry to me
all right turn this off
all right ret lands in the airport in
like 45 minutes we're picking them up
we're surprising him I'm gonna prank him
and it's gonna be six let's get a boys
and girls you have a beard No
leave go are you serious you're gonna
make your mother ride in the back yeah
it's footage nowhere on the block I got
you a bunch of clothes he says his hair
looks bad so I'm filming it from here
now really fumble so I was putting on my
biker shorts today wait do you do your
reaction again
holy Shh wait look what is that Barry's
yeah top here
yeah like climates yeah yeah Alex mom
he's looking like he's not gonna get
here
Alex answer he didn't even answer oh oh
oh in Hollywood Boulevard give us their
mixtape it's to die for
to die for let's play it let's play this
again for my kid I'm just kidding hey
don't let him know we're coming
welcome to the cloud house boys and
mom's only Shh oh my god this is new
I've never seen that they just put that
up oh my gosh hey guys look who's here
he loves Josh we all just had some pizza
had some beers and wines we're all
chillin my brother's playing a game of
ping pong ball and these are my
sunglasses so if you guys want any
sunglasses
I'm not kidding they're sick like their
dough
Wow
but we only
a hundred times
this is all your can't see me go ELISA
ah it's funny is that funny Suzie giving
a little sightseeing with my brother we
excited stuff at whiskey a go go oh this
really cute this is so cute oh I swear
I've seen like movies in here before Jim
Morrison that's where he got started
right there oh my god
what about the windows did they start
here that's gonna piss off a lot of the
door sir
you drop
what's up bitches not my sisters in the
backseat now we're on Rodeo and they all
want to like stop and like chill and
forget like a drink
and I just don't want to breakfast I
don't fit in here right now
it was very cold
nice glasses I know I love ah wow you
are important yes you reading this
you're important okay so I was wanting a
really crappy outfit I was wearing like
a hoodie and like sweatpants
I literally just put on the tab put this
on and this and this this should work
right you know you got to do what you
got to do sometime somebody walking out
with my clothes in my head this is so
crazy
Thanks maybe that oh thank god oh my
gosh we fit in and I don't look like a
bum how do I look Susan I spent a
thousand dollars you did now turn to
their seat I'm just kidding gotcha just
a couple hundred
I don't like it I'm not a fan of gold
one whereas I'm wearing a gold necklace
so I'm gonna make Ricky propose in the
next like six months just so I can have
like a ring do you want to do no I'm not
too young anaconda was about to get
married
yeah exactly we were 22 so then why are
you so good night and you have a career
that you have and so you need to stay in
Lane deer or ariana grande and Justin
Bieber getting married like now so
oh the tea spilled yeah excuse me can we
get some tea oh look who decided to show
up
take a seat take a seat oh no
no there's no seat there job wait this
is the best thing I just found my new
favorite store and house like all
fashion stuff it's London and P will
take them I thought it was great like
20,000 for one and 15 we don't want this
mirror now - oh my god this is my new
favorite store guys I'm gonna pee oh my
gosh oh my gosh wait I want art oh my
god a chicken pie chick gay so I got a
blanket for 100 bucks and that's a steal
and then I saw this and I'm dying right
now oh my god I need this I need this
right now I've been trying to put my
room together it's only $400 let's get
it let's get it let's get it no let's go
no no no I need more I need more oh my
god I need more no no no I need more oh
there's an upstairs like I don't get
excited for quick clothes or cars or
like shoes like this is what I get
excited for I think that's when you know
you get old you get excited over like
like rooms and you can like decorate and
like accents and like furniture oh my
God look at this I'm gonna cry
I'm in heaven IKEA ooh why don't we like
this is we should leave the house more
and like experience the world this is
what I want oh my god mom this is it
violet violet violet but the dogs appear
I'm like they'd ruin it but it's okay
okay I'll get you this for Christmas no
just grab the whole thing yes and when I
move here just let's go let's go let's
go it's fine mom you're fine just grab
it let's go you can do it woman come on
let's go
it's so heavy I could work out with the
two you get two in one no no she doesn't
let me make up yes mom I need it I'm
your little bitch the sauce that I got
some soaks in it
wait what is Josh doing what sauce -
yeah grab it come on do you want it all
right let's go Queen I love this store
so much I can't what what no we don't
need that
what what what love no a horse going to
dinner with Vivian
look at my outfit cute cute I'm gonna
leave my camera here cuz it won't fit in
my little bag so yeah here's some
snapchats of the night cue the music
okay now it's recording so we have
filmed the whole segment I'm going to be
reading or shall we go across the street
and we do it basically is that dinners
movie had a great time at Sunset Tower
how much fun spilled some tea and then
look at my outfit I'm wearing Spanx oh I
look so cute look at how skinny I love
oh my God look at my butt look at her
butt and then you were like then I was
like you think wearing one Paris thinks
is cool I are two pairs of Spanx to keep
the poop is yeah and I was like I were
three and you were like you're trying to
outdo me you know that's what it was you
had K you kind of had to be you had to
be very hard to be there
I'm so mad no idea no is the precise
time okay
if you type in Vivian it'll pop pop
watch Oliver episodes I'm so proud okay
love you bye
please tell me you got that those in
favor
you guys don't sell tennis shoes damn it
okay I just I'm so sick of my heels
okay guys love you take good care of her
she's a baby okay bye let's go
well that was sick I'm gonna go to
dinner now don't put that in - yup that
was stupid what I just said is I'm gonna
go eat dinner now but look at my meter
okay bye
alright it is Saturday the 27th vlog
Tober like blow so far guys I'm I suck
I'm so sorry that like I didn't vlog but
it was a lot harder than I thought and I
just wasn't organized but no phlegm
logger Nova lemon bug or whatever we'll
figure it out in a vlog do is walk in
November December and for the rest of
the air for you guys cuz I love you I'm
gonna try it
but Tessa hit me up we're gonna go to
this just Jared event thing tonight I
don't have a costume so I'm gonna go to
the Halloween prop store with Alex and
pick one up okay let's go that little
witch are you ready to go six kills I
got a gold scar go ahead
wait oh we got a ride on my GTR yes can
I Drive please what have you ever been
no someone kill him so we can go before
is that look at the window maybe in the
back here someone else here they are
this in guy bro yeah I mean damn it
let's go shopping
no I'm driving I want to drive I've
never drove it back Alec fine then you
don't get the keys hahaha I know wait I
don't have nails I can't I can't
okay hello this is my car oh my god qui
m'a stop man
wait can you drive carefully cuz I'm
pregnant
who with the off-white damn all right
let's get the you want to play a
game yes I'm trying to live but thank
you do you guys remember from one of my
first vlogs and went in there and they
yelled at me they're like no pictures
nothing okay but I filmed anyway was
back that under these are my options cat
yours Oh goddess of beauty guys I wanted
this like sparkly things so bad like two
years ago but I couldn't afford it now I
can but I don't want it that's how life
works yeah that looks really expensive I
know it's like $3,000 right so the line
in Hollywood toys and costumes is like
literally all the way to the end of the
store so we're gonna go to hustler and
pick out some cute section this is all
they have what we're running out of laws
guys with the elevator having the camera
hi I have a question do you have any
like lace hat you're to ask me to stop
filming I'm doing promotion for this
store unless I go submit all I did yeah
oh yes Queen thank you I Love You Man
too long too long okay sorry I have a
boyfriend now watch me whip watch me nae
nae no it's not for me and you and we
finally make it you're like my child act
like bring you back here man she was
fighting for on my neck for a reason
let's do it
Alexes to pee so bad he's peeing in a
freaking bush over there somewhere like
these boys men these face Klan boys what
am I gonna do with them Tessa bought me
a wig earlier cuz I didn't have anything
and I don't feel like washing my hair in
the grass so I just took a shower I have
to start getting ready to go to this
Just Jared event thing has invited me
too
and Mikey bolt left off anyone was
wondering what I do we're getting ready
for event this is it
I bet you guys can't guess what I'm
gonna be oh wait did I already told you
I'm gonna be a cat I was already
like a sex kitten two years ago so now
I'm more of like the cat woman like
Halle Berry kind of T walk show that big
yeah I got some ears a mask and I got
like a weapon some weird
so wait say that again I think last so
it was a whack whack whack party okay
wait Tessa just does I feel like it's
not gonna be fun at all lol so now we
have to find new plans so happy I did my
full makeup mom and my brothers great so
now I don't know what to do
wait so rep what are you being I'm Mouse
what are you though like what kind of a
mountain with blind mouse three blind
mice oh my god it can't wait I don't
like those glasses
yeah can we switch into my key Klout
ones please know that oh my gosh another
little blind Mouse what's up little
mousie oh oh he's actually blind Oh Oh
No okay oh that one's not blind he knows
how to snap shut oh oh okay you know
what let's take you somewhere sir it'll
be all right I'm a cat three blind mice
yes Queen so now we're at some hotel for
a rooftop party I don't know but we're
meeting meals and things we're gonna
have some fun
wait so we're in the valeted who were
trying to pick us up he's like are you
at the valet parking yeah in the front
be right out okay I'm in the black
leather catch I meant to say suit oh my
god where where's ya the car okay guys
okay I find my quite nice oh no okay
there's too much I can't do this oh my
god guys oh no no no there's a wall oh
Sh
oh my gosh are you okay oh my god wanna
say goodbye to Rhett and Joe when you
say goodbye let's go pick a buy peace a
cuppa Oh No Oh moving a mirror to his
room and I'm supervising
good job guys keep going it's really
good
oh hi there under supervising so rut and
Joe being from Ohio have never been to
nnn so we're gonna stop I didn't know if
you excited whoo loser we're going to in
and out yeah oh wait oh we're going in
and out hi can I have everything in the
menu please not everything I'm just
kidding gotcha ha that's pretty cool
here you go Matt oh that's not my debit
card that's
there's dog I swear your dreams come to
die I'm just going got their backpack
back dance watering the plants I don't
want to I look like this look at the
bottle of Easter you're by I have a safe
flight
oh wait sorry
yeah that's where I get my fat ass from
oh my god she crying oh my god
bye guys bye okay it's done it's done oh
my god no it's not oh my god it's enough
oh my god
friend you just sit by T foo and cloak
see just one there there competition
thing
I don't know what it is but look at this
video
I'm so proud of that all right the jokes
done it's not funny anymore it's to
dragged on oh please my mom's been
wanting a smooth mom it's closed no it's
not yes it is no no there's a workers
their clothes are cleaning up inside no
they're not those are no we have food at
home
all right you're way
