hey guys violet here back at it again
already got the day started I already
started tanning a little bit that's why
my tater tots are a little sweaty you
why did I do that Joe I'm just kind of
trying to work on my tan I got a little
pale over this summer
let's go tan stop are you covering your
nipples are you serious you literally
walked away covering his blue good
morning so you have the block around us
though okay I like your glasses
thanks for yours I'm vlogging again
booyah I'm still killing it at age 47
Wow after four kids I'm killing it can
you believe I'm vlogging in two like
what's going on guys I'm growing up mom
hello world I live such a blessed life
oh yeah that's where I'll be posted up
for the rest of the day you're trying to
get that ten and you know life is good
right now mate let me tell you just
relaxing out by the pool that's my
bootys life it's pretty great right now
guys I'm not gonna lie I just started
postmates so I'm chilling right now I
got a nice little smoothie I got a lot
of new things you know coming in the
works this fall is gonna be crazy hey
eyes up here not here here hello eyes
here thank you my post mates just bought
here I'm so excited this is probably one
of the best days of my life
hello there what's up right absolutely
not
hello summer I'm sweating my tits off I
don't know thank you very much mate
you're welcome enjoy your food
thank you don't mind my butt cheeks I'm
just tannin thank you have a good day
thank you I love you caiman clucks with
the strawberry banana smoothie mate my
hands are for I can't open the door hey
Bob I got you a smoothie did I go to
solar and this yep yes I did yep
no I kind of postmates did she just
steal your straw from you but it's cute
content I'm gonna enjoy my beautiful
breakfast with this beautiful view and
of course buy view I mean this view of
course I'm just kidding you guys think I
got really cocky it's really comfortable
my body you know I worked hard to get
you kind of get where I'm at though it's
okay if you're a little cocky like that
as long as you earned it and with those
seven squats I did last week ooh I think
I earned that yeah you know while we're
here let's uh let's address the elephant
on the table satella in a table it's all
fit in the room that's what it is let's
address the elephant in the room
hey Melissa why have you been gone for
so long you see what had happened was
you know I kind of got a boyfriend I
kind of fell in love a little bit you
know I've been like extremely happy I
don't know I kind of just took a break
from the blogs and some YouTube for a
little bit but you know I'm back and
that's what counts my ROI and my ROI
thumbs up if you agree you know it's
funny you can see my apartment from here
but I haven't been there in a while way
over there you know I made a new friend
her name's summer Rae as well it's hard
to find a good friend nowadays you know
especially girls you know just stab you
right in the back thumbs up if you agree
yeah Bob
that's my boyfriend
I forgot I bought a dog pool the other
day for London and now Rory's gonna go
in oh my god I mean you can touch the
bottle bro
touch the bottom bro don't be shy I hate
it in here oh my god oh my god I know
you're being dramatic for no reason bro
yeah bro calm down bro okay it's like a
little rat oh my god I need to borrow my
dog hi Lammy she did it you're growing
up do you wanna go swimming with mommy
nope
so I just took a shower I did my makeup
and I got dressed I think we have a
couple people coming over later so I
don't really know you know I was kind of
chill and take selfies so like turtles
you know while you're at it guys you
might as well follow London on Instagram
I made her in Instagram right here
follow that
mom dad Niels is coming over in a little
bit but it's gonna take a picture
because I did a Q&A with him yesterday
so that will be up tomorrow or if you're
watching this maybe like two months ago
yeah hahaha what's that
what's it no comeback just come back
please come back please the commitment
though that commitment my jacket I like
my sex oh my god later
so this is what I come outside to to
Lamborghini and my boyfriend coming from
the Gucci store it is like $4,000 a new
cheese drawer but he forgets to get me a
fork
but that sunset though what that don't
that's untied by nails I hate you you
got a minivan fancy never speak to me
again and little baby has period cramp
sloppy mommies about to get her period -
or about to be in the same cycle that
weird you look like a little monster
baby your little monster late tail
lay down
oh yeah are you on mylanta how's it
going wait hardly got to meet you last
time I knew the store yeah - aren't they
awesome Alisa I love them can we keep
high I feel like they belong here for
sure oh my gosh can I touch that open
your hand all the way just gizelle there
you go you can actually use that
container it's kind of right right oh my
god that's so funny
Babs I'm glad my hair appointment I love
you bye bye you so I just got to my
apartment which is kind of funny because
I'm letting Niels and Cindy stay there
for a couple weeks while they're in LA
you know I'm just such a good person you
should tweet that
I'm just kidding oh right now niels and
i are gonna be making a video on his
channel we're gonna be prank calling fan
you know just being all silly and goofy
and whatnot silly and goofy is silly
two hours later why boy oh my god that
was perfect we should terminate you for
it
no that was my that was my hip-hop bang
did you hear that that's not green oh
this is my friend Cindy mm-hmm that's it
so the vlog is going really good right
now you guys are going it's going well
it's going really well right now you
guys are sending us a lot of your
numbers and we are putting them in there
and you know it's gonna be some it's
gonna be some good content if I do say
so myself
mmm food break
I'm gonna put a little preview of what
we're filming right now when 3 2 1 go
hello I just wanted to call you and let
you know that you have one day free goat
yes yep that was the preview so I hope
you guys all like it show if you're
going to see this video make sure to
check out his channel it's probably
already up I'm gonna prank call my boys
ah
and he has a temper issue so this could
be interesting wait do you wanna talk
because he knows my boys
oh hi is this John is this John
yeah John I'm calling to let you know
that your car has been towed to Canada
if you'd like to pick it up I'm gonna
need your social security number your
left needs and your firstborn child is
your screensaver you want to see you it
took me 45 minutes to figure out this
picture someone else took it like here
oh the big zamir bitch I can guess again
it's not funny it took me 45 minutes
this outfit is so cute Cindy it's so
cute
why can't they unzip all the way down
dude what is it if the walk-around only
likes up hey guys let's say I just had
my nose done my lips on my forehead down
my jaw and I hold on kids we're going
shopping
enjoyed your last days mom can you come
pick up Niels Thanks Niels has been
waiting here for 41 minutes
so let's go find him legit take Samia
Tom he's like I'm here are you coming no
we're not coming where is he
important get that selfie yes Queens get
that scatter you're so gross dude why am
i friends with you they're so cute
I'm kind of like a third wheel because I
gets Niels and his mom and Niels his
girlfriend and then there's just me look
how cute she is look out - cheese you
didn't have to try thank God they
valeted my Ferrari it's here we've done
the cards it's hotter than my last diss
track in here damn yeah yeah lunch was
fun we got bombarded by that one dude
that always does the drama stuff
paparazzi I don't know if it's paparazzi
but whatever it is I don't I'll roll the
clip
ELISA what do you think about Jake
putting you in the header for his new
diss song Jake put you your picture in
the header for his new diss song do you
have a reaction to that or can you come
you don't know who that is no okay he's
a better kisser right I mean I don't I
don't really know what more to say about
that
he's every day throw with the same
bullies Oh
bully at school now you bully in your
bro diss your own brother I don't really
get it though stop bragging just accept
nobody knows your Disney show
