and I warn ya that's my horse
ah such a sexual experience but hey guys
around here back at it again it's a six
in the afternoon
quiet on set please London Thank You
amateurs and I'm just not doing and I'm
just now doing my makeup because I'm
bout to hang out with Chantelle and
she's so gorgeous I can't hate myself
when I'm around her she's so flawless
felton oh excuse me ma'am ma'am I love
you but you have to get down okay
bye-bye
now London to hop it's really hard to do
your makeup in the sunlight but pretty
much on fleek Instagram real-life
Instagram realize Instagram real life
you're thinking yo tuber and believe all
these good good I mean it's hard to get
youtuber I could teach you how to be a
myspace er Mia Ricky and Mick are back
in my apartment right now well I haven't
been here and like two weeks two and a
half three weeks I've just been busy
remember when Chantelle got me these
they're still up after like two or three
weeks it's crazy a shelf for those of
you who know me which is all of you
because you watch my vlogs I am going to
Milwaukee for Summerfest because you
guys know how much I love festivals and
you guys know how much I love summer and
I'm going with my best friend sean roe
on behalf of go 90 and a brand new TV
show called tagged which if you guys
don't know what that is
it's a really cool TV shows like a scary
TV show and it's really dope you guys
should check it out on the go 90 app my
favorite thing about go 90 is it has
like a bunch of dope TV shows and I love
watching TV and I really really love
like super strong independent like
powerful women and it features a lot of
those type of people and a lot of those
type of women on their TV shows so
Chantelle's on our way over right now
and she's going to help me pack for the
festival because I suck at packing and I
usually pack for like a month even
though we're only going for a couple
days when I'm at the festival I'm going
to be doing a scavenger hunt and it's
going to be pretty crazy it's going to
be based off of the TV show tags
actually so obsessed and I can't stop
watching it and they have a mask
featured in the episode and I have my
handy dandy mask right here
Oh anyway too bad girl oh haha I want to
photobomb as many people as I can I'm
going to run up to as many people as I
can with masks on and just try to scare
them I'm going to be staying in hotel
Chantelle so I'm going to scare the
Frick out of her with these masks I take
a bunch of pictures with random people I
already do this I don't know why it's
all you're going to say I'm going to
take a bunch of pictures I'm gonna take
a bunch of it and then you started
alright I don't know why I started
getting the tape I'm gonna take a bunch
of pig's blood and I put a whole yeah
I'm gonna do that I don't know why
zoonotic guys why not you know what I'm
adding that to the scavenger I know
that's my boyfriend are you scary we can
run around in the festival but oh my god
oh my ha ha and it's certainly on my
board yeah that's a horse
ah there is a such a sexual experience
but if you guys don't know why we're
messing around with masks then you
definitely should start watching tagged
right now because it'll make a lot more
make a litter her smell good morning the
other horses mouth
if you bring twigs mocking you want with
me hop on scare it doesn't look into the
experience of people come to my place
all right let's look at Chantal doesn't
um trust that I pack so she didn't kiss
you didn't pack but I started to that's
what that's what really counts
that's very excessive Lee very festive
Lee it's a Halloween costume I was
Barbie I can use that this is fun yeah
picture of my mind me and my mom yeah
he's up move up do I need a candle
uh-huh do I need to I need heels either
festival like right
I feel like festival United dirty and
like muddy and we're gonna run around
this horse mouth I agree like a baby
yeah that's probably true
oh these are definitely I need these oh
my god this is so Summer Festival II oh
where did you get them I don't want to
talk about it I can't no I can't tell
you we're here but I can tell you that
it was good definitely need these but
also need yeah cuz you're fun oh those
are definitely
and scene I don't like you in a while
okay okay I'll wear them ways as Edmond
this is so in right now asses like my
Wonder Woman you do you could be Wonder
Woman you saved my life
I'm so cool look please I need space of
living here huzzah you thank you and
welcome for today thank your brother oh
we didn't want to take it really got one
really got one doing it I don't tell you
it very serious all right well you're
gonna have to just like there hold on
he'll never know we're secured you will
never know I'm father slick did you
can't even tell us perfect
my oh yeah are you stuck goodbye yeah no
we definitely need those though the
survival we need that because we can't
get sick my they both could have sit on
that door
don't don't lie to yourself they both
could up while you guys are here can you
help me set up um and help me install my
floors because no I didn't even do that
for ya that's all the floor that I
ordered because this is so ugly but I
never set it up but would you want to
live with this floor it's not that
Harold it's not shag love sorry chef
yeah take that back and take that shot
much very fabulous
I represent shag rock and their heritage
oh so you guys aren't trying to help me
install this out okay Wow cool
unemployed I had to do it reasonably
sized please every day this stop if you
go out I see you're really beginning it
homie language wanna clear Andy baby
yeah
bong in the pancake nope Sagarika waffle
cigar no bong in a bit
smoke in a pancake smoke I'm gonna ruin
Ricky's day right now
do not do that actually never like where
I should put our mix Russia we are
saying I've never done it looks
we're vloggers bra my plan works
hey stop things look at that that plate
though
tonight okay yeah
