I just don't understand how someone
could do that to someone I really I
don't I was so I feel like I'm too far
away hello viola here that better so I
don't even want to talk about it because
I can make yourself comfortable and like
I paid mentally going back to where I
was in that state of mind and just even
thinking about that situation because
it's just so emotionally draining for me
and I just I hate it it looks like I'm
uncomfortable in this video then that's
because I am hey guys well you're back
at it again so today I am here to tell
you a little story about my life I'm
sure you guys all want to hear because
I'm just so exciting little spinny chair
oh sorry my name is Alyssa violet I am
20 years old 21 in like a week and I'm
living in Los Angeles California let me
tell you about how exactly I got here so
I was 18 years old I just graduated high
school is working at Panera Bread in my
little hometown and small towns called
Brunswick Ohio so I was going to high
school you know I just all four years
I'm really proud of that I've got a
diploma oh sorry
I wanted to be a model I want to be an
actress I wanted to be in that like
realm of everyone in Hollywood and I was
a funny gal you know I guess I did say
that I was pretty funny I like to make
people laugh I like to make people feel
good about themselves I always try to do
my best with that I think I'm doing a
pretty good job right and the day before
I graduated high school
literally commencement was like the next
day and I was at the mall one day
shopping for his truck for commencement
so I was at the mall one day and there
was all these like little girls running
around the mall
I was what's up Ricky this is Justin
Beaver here or something
I didn't know what was going on so my
friend and I like roll down the windows
with my friend Hannah shout out Hannah
gettin you roll down the window really
yell what's going on all these little
girls oh my god
the bynars Jake and Logan Paul are here
to Moloch they just got kicked out
they're going to do a meet-and-greet
like we please pick us there and I was
like new and there's all you know like
the app vine huge back then it was like
2014 and I was like yeah everything's
grows like please can you take us to
their next location like we're 12 years
old you don't have a car our parents top
this off at the mall I was like ow cool
forever it's all happened to me to my
friend my friend and I took a bunch of
random little girls to like their
meeting agreed whatever we didn't know
it was so then we dropped off like all
these little girls I got my eyes you
know run along her fun like why don't we
just get out of the car and see who it
is we get out of the car and then
somehow Jace got my phone and his phone
number and my phone so I could text him
later Jake and I became really good
friends and thought I was cute I don't
know something we kind of like we're
talking if you will I guess who just
really started to like each other got
really close they're all fast former him
and brother moves LA and we stayed
talking every single time you come back
to Ohio visit family I'd be like the
first person you call things we hang out
like non-stop and then you come back to
LA and brother after about six months of
that and like just texting non-stop he
was like yo why don't you come out to LA
and I was like what we need like there's
no way he was like well why don't you
just explain her for two weeks and you
know to see how it is see if you like it
and I can introduce you to a bunch of my
friends I can introduce you to modeling
agencies and we can just kind of get the
ball rolling on this whole team pen
thing all right yeah let's do it
I flew out to LA for two weeks we were
kind of we weren't together but we were
definitely a thing it was like the
cutest
two weeks of my entire life like it was
so adorable he was always so
to me we started like really like each
other I met with five modeling agencies
four out of the five offered me
contracts like right off the bat
damn why haven't I done this sooner and
I had no idea of my potential okay I
have to make a big decision on which
modeling agency sign with and what
exactly to do so after the two weeks is
up I think Jake and Logan for letting me
stay with them and having the best use
of my life and I flew back home to Ohio
soft forward to summer 2015 packed all
my shit up bought a car drove out here
with my mom and they're living in LA at
that point Jake and I was still kind of
like together like on and off with
Robert I cannot explain it on to it I'm
uncomfortable talking about it because I
don't even know what exactly we were
okay know exactly what we were then we
start collaborating having so much fun
together sleepover is full nine yards
like head over heels I was head over
heels for the kid like widget I would do
anything for him that's why I signed a
contract with 20% of my life for five
years but I believed in him and he
believed in me during the summer I moved
out there.i him and I were kind of were
together
so if we weren't if you weren't dating
more officially or boyfriend and
girlfriend but we were like kind of
together whatever so I would just always
see that he's hanging around like all
these girls and stuff so I got whatever
the doesn't think anything I've been
like and then he always argued that I
can work together so I'm not cheating
it's something that around November of
2015 I was living in the model apartment
I had to move out of there Jake was like
why don't you just move in with me and I
was like oh yeah because we do it let's
do it and I move in with him
sleeping in the same bed basically
together at this point looks without a
title but then you always have Bros over
in front of me and I wish to take
yourself
Rick to them we're not together but then
he'll exploit all these mine engages me
into like you know but don't be mad
having scroll over you do know
twenty-five thousand times I will be
like in our room like editing or doing
something and then all of a sudden he's
like walking
y'all like can you leave please like two
hours I can move upstairs it could use
McQueen for a little bit now the flying
they call like I'm having to grow over
if we're going to hang out in here okay
goes heartbroken like legit heartbroken
but I never showed it because I don't
know what and we do out all the time so
then as time goes on brings more girls
over and then he would be with me and
then you have a girl over and then two
days later he'd use me and we'd be
together and then would not be together
and then we fight and I'd be pissed
because you bring girls over and you
didn't think he was doing anything wrong
I was like you can't just give this be
with me one night and then like the next
night treat me like shit
and bring a girl over I was really
messed up but I let that shit happen
because I was just like show a
head-over-heels like I was like frickin
why not
whatever makes happy we all move into a
house having so much fun creating videos
all the time like content non-stop
photos your videos everything we're
killing it if we're still together at
this point like this whole time we were
like together but we weren't it I would
not explain it so weird so then we move
into the team penthouse and he creates
these rules for everyone if you're not
out by 10:00 a.m. filming then like you
get fined $50 and what you have to pay
$50 like no alcohol at the house or you
get fined $500 no smoking every single
guest that you had over had to be
approved by Jake Neal should always ask
to have friends over to get a signed
poster second I asked to have like a guy
over if you like no absolutely not now
that why I just don't want him here but
then he would have girls over like all
the time in front of me and then he
would tell me all stuff he told me he
loved me one night and then here a
couple days later he flew out this girl
from Ohio
they were like hooking up in Ohio and he
pull up this girl and was smashing her
for like a week that was like a few days
after he told me love me are you serious
but if I was how could you do that to
some how could you just think I don't
even know
I would be like editing one night and
then all of a sudden that guide to hear
the front door open Jake would come home
with like a girl my summers would just
drop my heart was just like start
beating like so fast
like sick I can't even explain to you
what was going through my head there's
nothing I could do about it because it's
his house I'm going to contract with him
I'm basically where I'm at because of
him and like I didn't really have a
place to tell him that he was wrong even
though he was really really wrong and
that happened all the time like I
wouldn't even want to go back to the
house
sometimes at night because I just knew
that there was a girl waiting there was
a girl there with Jake I couldn't deal
with it
all these girls would come over the
house I would have to look them in the
eye shake their hand like yells like
nice to meet you with my like dope girl
that knows what's going on has to be
okay with it but like I wasn't okay with
it I looked these girls in the eyes and
like know that they were hooking up with
Jake and like I was a child the time
obviously I like didn't even want to
talk to him and I came across it
obviously and like he knew exactly was
going spaces played all these mind games
do literally tell me he loved me one day
and then comes Kate my god the next day
like I don't even know so he flew out
this girl from Ohio right walks in the
door excellent Ohio nice creature
whatever I'm like I'm like literally
like I don't mean to be but like dude
you're smashing the guy I'm like in love
with and I was like downstairs in the
kitchen and like making breakfast or
something I just get back from the gym
I'd be cooking food and all of a sudden
I hear them upstairs like like I could
hear it I could literally hear it do you
know what that does to a person that you
like love and then you can just hear
them like banging another girl stairs
and that's happened so many times like
it's not something clicks in your head
like you want to kill someone but you
want to cry and you want to get revenge
but you can't it's like so hard to play
like if you hear it if you like
physically hear this going on if it
makes you crazy it makes you go insane I
was literally insane like I couldn't
even think straight so I would go
upstairs to my bathroom or my bedroom
and I was cry myself to sleep like night
after night and then wake up the next
morning and I'd have to like say goodbye
to these girls or I'd have to like see
him I've had to see his face day after
day and be on camera
sex hi guys and then like the second the
cameras off I hated him I hated him but
I loved him at the same time and then he
would try to make it all better and like
everyone knew it wasn't better and I
knew I was doing to myself I should have
moved out what I did it now looking back
at this whole situation I really don't
know if I loved him I don't I don't know
how I love a person that treats him one
like that I don't know if I was in love
with him or the idea of him or who I
thought he was I think I was just
addicted to the pain of wanting someone
so unattainable
I loved getting her plan like that's how
much I cared about him and he would hurt
me day after day and then we'd have to
be on camera and it's just not a good
situation it was both of our faults
really he shouldn't have treat me like
day after day and then expect everything
to be okay and I shouldn't have stayed
so it's a hand-in-hand situation I did
it to myself and I know that but at the
same time you do not treat someone like
that so whatever like Tamara's about
side I finally treated him the way that
he was treating me and he didn't like it
he got pissed and kicked me out like the
one time I decided to be savage like him
and it ended with me being homeless and
I just I don't I was so shocked I was so
heartbroken I never thought that someone
could be so malicious and evil to kick
me out of the house after I've done
everything for them helps them build an
empire a huge company making them so
much money I don't understand how they
could see that so that was back in
February and it is now June I'm still
like not over it I lost all my friends
like when all that happened everyone
kind of went to Jake's side because
they're in contract with him and because
I don't know why I really go and I've
lost all of my friends I had nowhere to
live and Chantal was rude enough to
offer her apartment and so I got my own
over the past three months I've been
trying to talk to Jake but he's blocked
me he wouldn't talk to me that I just
totally ex me out and he had the
audacity to tell everyone that I cheated
I have no idea why we were never
together there's literally a video so
I'm saying that we're not dating we're
not together he told everyone that I
cheated so
so he didn't look like a dick that he
kicked me out I don't know I just don't
understand how someone could do that to
someone I really I don't I was so wrong
in result it wouldn't cry and I know why
I was so had over your food kit I would
do anything for him I just don't
understand how someone could fly girls
out and treat someone like that I did
everything I did everything I could try
and make it work I literally did
everything I could
everyone told me to leave and I didn't I
didn't want to leave I have no idea why
I stayed I have no idea no idea
sorry I had to walk away from second to
breathe because I never want to cry on
camera I think it's so lame not who I
want to be not who I want to portrayed
you guys so you guys are still watching
this video damn you deserve an award
because I would get down like two
minutes in sweating some sweating
sweating when I'm a bit so then what
happened where I'm s
so he has the audacity to release a song
basically bullying me and I'm still not
over the situation like I still get
really sad if someone mentions his name
and I have to do ignore no I don't want
to go back to that and he released with
this video saying you know if it means
alert and you know we kick them out if
they're not with the crew yeah I'm
talking about you begging for attention
talking Twitter so you still hit my
phone up whatever like yeah I was
texting him for so long because it's I
still care I wanted to try to mend
everything to make it all better because
that's the type of person I am I can't
just walk away from the situation like I
need some kind of closure and that's why
I kept acting and non-stop whoo this is
the best part the other day I ran into
Greg Paul um Jake and Logan's dad and I
was like okay straight up you like shut
up
get out of my face because just got in
my face go yourself go back to Ohio go
back to Panera you're lazy saying all
the stuff I'm like okay cool you're
great father figure but it's saying that
just kept screaming on me and then as
you're blowing my eyes out
do I look scared I thought I was going
to die thought I was going to get shot
so then obviously rice and I start
making a diss track right away if we
start splitting bars were in studio
we're creating all his heats and then
Jake drops the video saying fear YouTube
I'm sorry and he goes on to say is
everyone in this video that I hurt I'm
sorry he didn't apologize to me directly
you can't say my name you can like yo
Melissa I'm sorry I'm sorry I hurt you
I'm sorry probably that I put you
through I'm sorry that I've released a
song with all of our friends and just
talked about you I don't get it
you're not apologizing because you're
sincere you don't care I know you don't
care about people you're apologizing
because you got backlash from everyone
on YouTube everyone's creating a
reaction yours is chat and it's all
negative and you want to be like oh no
I'm sorry it doesn't mean it like no you
don't get to do that what are you
thinking at the end of the day you can't
just say I'm sorry to take everything
back I'm hurt still and you've heard a
lot of people the damage is already done
you can't just kill someone and bring
them back to life it doesn't work like
that in the real world and I know a lot
of you will be like oh it says don't
release that track like you're such a be
the bigger person no I'm sorry guys I've
been wanting to make this video for so
long now I'm very honest if I got a good
job I would tell you guys I got a good
job rice and I have been working on the
song and we put our blood sweat and
tears into this and I'm proud of it I
want to put it out there so I can wait
so much get off my shoulders so this is
my side of the story the truth is out
it's up to you what you want to do with
it without further ado here is rice and
I saw that we've been working on for the
past couple of days now
most about to go in her life balance
feel kind of bad I can tell that you
came with it did he go hey ain't nobody
ever heard of better Disney show hey got
a good spell remind me of material from
brain when I see Ron my curious Alice a
call a significant when I get straight
clothes until we beat you like their
shirts with this breaks on either for
the South team 10 now our hair stops
we'll get that wolf your labs hit like
it now Ronghua yes take like from same
phone get girls with a hooker sent you
paid for it
me and rise in a house like a floor
drive your brother drives your scroll
for a coronation got girls where they at
are you serious hey did it feel like
George I'm just curious a lift official
come fast like a period this tracks for
my reflection like a mirror edge wanna
flex oh my wrist I put some ice I I want
a bigger with it maybe put the rice on
it talk shit now my go ahead like a bike
on it were you used to bully kids back
in high school
second part for the kill that's what
rights do can have twice what the answer
I don't like you got up with this rising
this beef like some Thai food you ain't
got no bars no flow like a late deuce
where's the car than that really looking
cake too let's go back to the bully
thing listen here and it wasn't back in
middle school or wonders do your year
did you get caught like it interference
take it over there just a hot affect you
insecure how do you think they got when
they went home and or different
shitting on a good girl 10 15 years and
then when it got a big head like videos
every day I'd row with the same boys Oh
bully at school now you bully in your
bro fix your own brother I don't really
get it though stuff right except nobody
knows you're dizzy show it's every day
so with the same gusto oh yeah oh now
you bully in your bro get your own
brother I don't really get it bounce
back back because nobody knows your game
show you should have never cheat it now
17 masse from your brother now from your
brother now
and you two better keep an eye that
double chin nose never trim now now
poking on your bitch now on a bitch now
used to be a bad you still bad now they
don't call me rich conquered a dumb rich
now
