as I made it on the ski lift that's all
I'm gonna do today I'm gonna go home
this is a double black trailer weight
without rig not good I love you Mike
so you should probably get into bed huh
boom so Sean's house here at my house
and really I'm here you're here didn't
even know that I know crazy but we're
going to UM what is it then damn if you
dance in the Sun I think it's like this
place or one of my movies is right now
but I don't know that Sundance is just
like a little festival I got for
snowboarding oh it is all Film Festival
oh yeah snowboard and ski because in a
like a plate what are these things
called ski slope led slide slide is by
the dam yeah but I don't know Logan just
hit up me and Chantal and was like yo
are you down to go to Sundance and
snowboard and stuff and I don't know how
to snowboard but me neither I mean I did
before the only sighting I do is you
know in the DM we're gonna go
snowboarding with Logan and the squad
Sundance and you talked it hit in Salt
Lake City we had a lot of fun on our
last ship guy by the way so actually
yeah we met in st. Barths and then we
became like really best friends and
everything long we moved to Miami and we
just became more best friends and then
we've logged there but then I tried to
put the vlogs together and they're just
like they're not good vlogs Miami was
dope st. Barths was even more dope so
basically we're just going to go
shopping right now for some snowboarding
attire because I don't have any
snowboarding attire so yeah let's go
shopping
he has a store
yo Jake had I don't know if you guys saw
Jake vlog but he ain't like made a huge
birthday cake for his birthday and like
we had to throw away all the cakes and
we thought and cleaned it all up but I
walked outside and I see this oh my
if you live in this neighborhood I
apologize on behalf of Jake's vlog but
at the same time it was lit so I don't
really care I got it don't worry I got
it you ready let's go to the freaking
store already cool
we made it fit up no board place where
they sell snowboard attire anything
violent I called it should we do camo oh
my god I almost didn't even see this
jacket haha get it cause it's camo what
is this - oh yeah I broke a little berry
I'm ready to snowboard go beyond this
whoa
we've never get snow boarding before
I've never been our law or the talking
here
oh what a bill so we need these for sure
right yeah goggle clean how does it fit
on space they don't comfortable yeah
they're very nice for this time right up
under yellow yeah oh oh yeah this part
goes around your neck so it keeps you
warm when it gets hot you pull it back
down oh cool so we need a jacket I need
pants
I need goggles yo Chantelle this jacket
would fit you perfectly I got you Jackie
we're ready to go I'm not joking was the
document I wanted I was like that one oh
yeah it was you cute you do what I do
black you know I do like oh we needed
that right okay
whoo they have fishing rods -
consistency boys like no we need
everything in this store right now I
think I've gone a little overboard oh I
need that too I don't know how it goes
with my snowboarding trip but it does hi
sir how are you good how are you I'm
Jane Street my wife US Olympic yeah well
Olympian I knew it I knew it
your and I will pick everything look at
everything you guys I know I'm so
excited I'm going on a snowboarding trip
yeah your steeple and your fishing pole
yeah I'm ready
oh I'm ready but we need gloves too my
hands are full my hands are full Santos
ready because you have to get this you
look like you're gonna rob the store I'm
ready
haha run hands up give me everything you
own
that was a success we just spent like
four hundred dollars worth of
snowboarding stuff we don't even know
how to snowboard but we're going to go
snowboarding you know I'm pretty pumped
or being bored everyone's going to
Sunday everyone's posting about it right
now I had no idea how like how much of a
thing it was until now
what do you guys hear outfit so right
now we are going to go pack we're going
to throw all our stuff in the bag and
then tomorrow we are dipping pad and
then pack and it pack pack and unpack ha
ha I encourage Chantelle to go over cone
hey guys oh my memory card oh yeah you
back up
getting over the curb now does it call
me there's a calm man thank you
we just need to go to Utah how long is
up and under there okay blue what's up
guys okay so I'm on my way to the
airport right now
I'm meeting Logan Chantelle George
Spencer there right now the flight takes
off in like 45 minutes running late as
per usual I really need to fix it I'll
see you there port okay I just got to
the airport and now I have to find the
squad
I saw them around here somewhere but on
a mission Salt Lake City yeah oh yeah
you guys give me food cool Logan I
haven't seen you in seven years and I'm
not getting maybe four days I'm getting
food really quick yeah you know I'm
cutting everyone in Lander now to be
with my friends excuse me pardon me
coming through out loud oh there you go
it's my phone yeah whoa thank you
I made it I got veggies because I'm
healthy like this oh yeah I just want to
apologize everyone right now on behalf
of all of our behaviors I'm not even at
my seat yes I'm very hungry
we maybe we made it yeah nope I would
just like to point out right now that I
wore these kind of shoes and there's no
I was not prepared for this yeah Jaime
there's a god oh my god wait there
really isn't gone oh god Logan
Oh No Logan well if you die can either
subscribe we have right outside if I can
just wake up and come out here and just
go mom don't come and pick me up I'm
chilling right now Wow thank you for
saying yes it's gonna be fun there it is
ah y'all did we can also have done this
room oh my goodness
yeah there's no way I called dibs on
this room alright I didn't see that
stupid even nobody
alright so flew in last night not like
we landed late I like 10 and this is
just going come we later like tebya oh
my god and it is in the back haha
we're going to lay that like 10 and then
now the plan basically I mean I think
it's just to snowboard I kind of know
how to snowboard I used to when I was
little I had to reteach myself a year
ago it should be wet to show you guys my
snow outfit one second
hi guys you ready to play oh yeah here
we go
dude I'm gonna break my neck or
something I'm scared I'm not hauling it
right now well but I'm gonna have to
cook really bad this is how close I am
to losing my patience with you know how
did we get this parking spot we just
finished our own parking spot this is my
work outfit day are we gonna die we
can't get a bloody nose really easily
when you're in high out awesome
oh my gosh I'm so adorable is insane
Oh I didn't eat anything yet today so
pop-tarts you have to do right now oh
and I need water because I got to stay
hydrated there getting my board ready
yeah that's a sexy board if I do say so
myself Wow bout to breathe open it up go
oh you know just planning my life away
in case I die this is really me what do
you do with these things
they get stuck on its own they get
caught behind the tongue George come on
please Pete and that was literally the
hardest thing I ever had to do I had to
undress all these lids
very important threat am i doing it I
want to live it's very important as I
made it on the ski lift that's all I'm
gonna do today I'm gonna go home this is
a double black trail only without
written by professionals only look how
high we're going roasted thousand feet
look at into the sky of Rome I made it I
got out the ski lift I made it I never
lose stuck on that moon I'm at the top
of this mountain everyone left me of
course I mean I'm not mad those of you
amazing I have lost so many times but
I've learned that it's not about how
many times you fall it's about how many
times you pick yourself back up hey guys
here's a quick little update
snowboarding sucks
I fell so many times and now I can't
feel my butt I literally cried I'm low
but then I realized I'm not a little
bitch and then I realized Miscavige is
everything I do so then I got this
bottom of the scope and now I realized
that I really heard my blood on the
first blow so you know I'm kind of
kneeling having a good time by myself
lost all my friends they're here
somewhere you know you make the best out
of every situation so I'm going to get
sued I mean what else am I gonna do
right and in dallisa all I do is eat oh
my god guys literally I'm eating by
myself right now
I don't know where everyone is all
snowboarding
literally ordered you to vote they're
all still seeing they're also somewhere
I'm going to return my snowboard and
everything that I bought I rent it and
then I'm just going to go back to the
lodge and chill and my my rear end
because I'm in so much pain right now
I'm in so much pain
alright I got my food to go now I just
have to return my stuff and quartered
 beautiful
ah there she is very sexy I bet did you
miss me I didn't miss you you made me
hurt myself for cute I can't feel my
face when I'm in Utah but I love it
hello ok guys so I'm in uber right now I
have food with me I'm going back to the
house and just going like chill that
slope that one slope I went on took a
toll so I'm gonna chill for the day or
watch it yeah when I said last night
that there's a ski slope welcome to my
house
part in here so I didn't get to show you
guys the view it's alright I guess you
could say alright so insane I'm moving
to Utah guys not getting dude all of my
clothes are absolutely soaked right not
under so snow this is like so I can like
bring it out I kept falling and then all
this snow kept coming into my suit so
now everything's just soaked and it was
wet and I was cold in so many layers can
you just look at all the layers and
wearing that one two three three layers
and it still managed to soak through and
I'm still so I mean at least I got food
to go am i right I got some onion rings
and I got a healthy little burger no bun
of course you know I'm just a person who
hurts themselves snowboarding trying to
enjoy life
well take out was the move for sure take
out was definitely the move I don't even
know if I can no work tomorrow like
that's how bad my butter but you know
what imma do it you know why because I'm
a savage and I don't give up except for
today when I gave up and I went got food
but other than that
okay one I broke my butt cheek kind to
snow work for the second time in my life
and I took a breather today I took an L
for sure don't pain I will explain that
tomorrow but yeah we're going to go to
dinner and then we're going to go to a
sexy club I mean uh they're all like
little kids we're gonna go to dinner and
then we're good a good
Chucky Cheese uh-huh so I will see you
guys tomorrow okay guys I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow mwah are you doing
this today okay
