to reunite with one of my dolls good
friends good morning guys it is 7a and
good morning guys I just woke up I
thought I was gonna have a bad Monday
morning until I saw this tweet this is
your Monday morning reminder that you
were powerful beyond measure our words
and thoughts can control our day could
choose your words wisely one positive
fun
now I'm gonna have a wonderful Monday
thanks Chloe
we're gonna go run errands what the I'm
a skinny lad just good 5 minutes late
Dale
so he's you're handcuffed us together
and now he threw the key out the window
so I just thought we were running
errands little did I know you had a
hidden agenda well Matt I can't go out
the whole day and not make a youtube
video I just thought you were nice to
like being my blog and then bang and we
have to go we're about to go to a bank
handcuffed oh my god I think we're like
robbing Henderson guys how do we get out
of the car like do I go that way or do
you go this way
Oh
so yeah I like to deposit thirty two
million dollars into my account I'm
having a blast
I'm having so much fun I'm gonna
business maybe thirty two million I've
ever made everything so we decided to
get in and out yeah cuz we're hungry and
then we're gonna go get doggie food do
you have a key no key son of them whoo
yes Queen there it is oh my god you got
that Louis bag no oh wait yeah it's just
a healthy no no we were eating a salad
yeah I mean it fell on my pants that was
disgusting why I'd rather feed myself
hey hi
thankfully alright last errand let's do
this Queen Oh should we get it is the
one thing I'm scared of night oh my god
they probably get this all day we did it
though they can't afford it $14 Oh Bravo
we'll come back oh we do it's $19 I
can't afford that do you think we have a
payment plan like two dollars every
month oh hi Dori what
wait Dori blue they're all chillin
airing or something this is my move Oh
guys I made the new friend they want to
see can i oh you know what yes okay
thank you
Hey oh I need one more I felt like a mom
that's like
I dare you to eat a dog treat you is it
good that's disgusting it is it actually
grows nice Ramadan when you turn off
one's gonna be like this actually tastes
so good oh wow this is actually good
peanut you want all you want a sucky
look at sit sit a girl ha good girl
lucky ok P just stole it
1 2 3 look at the little dragon and look
at the little wiener oh my god is the
best day of my life
yeah I'm sorry but damn what wait
through the model awk he just did this
and I was dying laughing watch his face
watch his face
hold that line put pants on and I have a
boyfriend
they've liked guitars and to plan to
water oh my god they really set it off
Oh like a little dining set under water
summer's here but I'm gonna cut her on
the way up she's on the elevator oh my
god
got your bitch you're fine if you have
to breathe though just hold it
she passes out she Sue's clout cahier
wait she's in clucking everybody oh my
god I'm so happy I'm not much too good
because I have like please pull on here
and it would turn green in like five
seconds
when rice let me be a director do you
want his weighted thing underneath his
jacket oh just put it right I'm gonna go
get them robes because they're freezing
and they're probably gonna get sick such
a good friend
shit I just realized I got two robes but
there's three people I'm so sorry
so I'm on my way to my friend's birthday
and you know I didn't want to go by
myself so I thought this is the perfect
opportunity to reunite with one of my
old good friends oh my god hey guys
we're on our way to Sofia's birthday
party yeah it's gonna be a little tight
mm-hmm haven't seen this woman and thank
you so probably a year and a half
we're not gonna tober like Halloween oh
wait I did see what Halloween was here
we talked I forgot about that I hated
you
like what do we talk about I don't know
thanks I feel like this is back like the
old day I know I know like YouTube is
like starting again you have to go fake
on camera like we were bit oh my god
Ennio anywho we're gonna have a gratin
mmm a time okay so we're gonna drop Tim
your dip gonna go to the party gonna
have fun we're gonna do the thing up
real big yeah and yeah wait should we
hang out every day I'm down oh no they
wouldn't call it October October October
we got to listen fans are having the
heart attack
I know yes it t up if that was too long
just cut the funny parts but I'm like
that was really good I liked it oh yeah
okay bye wait he almost made a sign NDA
the White House
wait so me antastic and porta potti
let me show custom that's are you over
here oh there you are again
I love you which one come in so I come
in here thing
okay so one we just posted two snapchats
from both of us and I know we're
together but this is what my phone
currently looks like and my tag pictures
and Instagram so yeah this is what it
currently looks like oh my god this
isn't shade guys you really wanted to
listen yeah let me put this window up
really quick that one's a bit windy
Lucas I might it's really not focused
he's like a representation in my life so
now the party was like pretty crazy yeah
repeating a porta potti and then really
gotta go yeah we were gonna dip like we
should we just go back to my house and
just hang out hang out in sweats take
off our makeup you know chill maybe go
in the hot tub have some fun do a thing
just throw a little thing you know so
that's what we're gonna do
WOB you - you there what we're all
playing a little game of mafia I promise
that's an after party but we're all just
playing mafia my god you're in mafia a
few moments later so I'm gonna go to
sleep now peso left we played a quick
game of mafia hired it is now 344 and
time for bed I'm pretty tired had fun
miss Tessa loved her she's a queen P hi
little Kylie
so yeah but I thought about it I took
off my makeup where is boom so orange
where's my stick thing Frankie sleeping
oh my god I love it so much I love start
to take off my makeup you know I'm gonna
take off one side of just my face makeup
well my post makes here Tolu okay I'll
be right down
thank you look you buy makeup not makeup
okay I wanna go see if I post meets
notice this is so funny
hi thank you so much have a good night
love you okay so he double kicked at me
and he was like okay have a good night
and I'll let you tell you let's go see
if rice notices hello hi hi do I look
different no 12 different Frazier you
got a haircut no Alex I didn't get a
haircut shave your beard no so no one
know this is because I think I saw a lot
of makeup on but I'm gonna try to take
the rest of it off
okay you know so I do look different but
like you can't tell if it's sighs I saw
I don't this is me without makeup and
all my pimples and flaws oh my god I'm
so sorry mom and Taylor if you're
watching this I'm gonna wash my face and
go to bed and see you guys tomorrow
okay I love you so much
love you bye
let's go
