big monsters your guidance bright eye so
just put some tea I need a break that
was lost not just you everything in
general how do you how do someone's
telling your story oh you're fine relax
I'm filming a video so why do you look
so blue biz so much going on oh I loved
your Christmas special bad for my eighth
year
I wasn't like any great if you like this
Christmas special yeah that's Shane's
reuniting with his fans right now oh gee
are you in the cloud tanning let's go
it's the door oh my gosh guys oh yeah
thanks well we are very individual
Collective away pay rent in taxes in
West Hollis good luck family bonding I
love this my god what a queen Oh Mike Oh
so squad deep going to Universal Studios
for horror night had a great way to meet
lighting in here had a great
conversation machine love him spilled
some tea you know just kind of moved on
with my life and told him some stories
and yeah I just farted gonna have some
fun at Universal
what is this horror night it's gonna get
scared by some clowns have some fun
pitiable and we have to go to Cinnabon
oh wait do they have a cinnamon yes I
can show you some cinnamon by yo-yo we
want mommy see my philosophers yeah so
like guys listen the less you think the
better it is for you as a person because
think about it all these people out here
over thing in situations and the less
you think about that situation the more
incapable you are what we're thinking
here so you just make the decisions with
the least amount of thinking
oh my gosh my little squad the pants the
hardest me oh yeah
not always possibly we'll make our best
effort to find you and get you back to
the group don't get lost it's not
guaranteed right thank you
we got it you baby my god I was I peed
my pants
run how's your margarita it's hard to
sauce
it is our desaad towards a soldier but
you should be using a TRO yeah
oh sorry you're me anyway we've lost her
your guide his name is Wade Kyle would
you say Harry Potter oh yeah a few
inches later oh my god Brian I was so
worried I love you so much Brian do you
want a drink
Oh No thank you I got you I'm gonna pee
on someone tonight oh my god not that
door guy alright guys so I'm gonna tell
a little whore so one time we're having
a grand fun time you know we're at
Universal goes with Hana excuse me we're
filming oh it's a real cops nevermind
should we have a thumbnail Rangers yeah
so I have to be really really really bad
hopefully there's a bathroom in this
house
hi Brian um there's not a bathroom for
another like 10 minutes so now I have to
wait
that's a smart dolphin scary if this is
the scene for our hour of the world this
is sick okay oh my god nightmares I'm a
match every night yeah we use part of
our New York Street is aa sport for the
amazing spider-man celebrate
moving every day
guys they're not filming on a real set
when they say they're filming in New
York this is what it looks like
Hollywood is exposed these levers are
not real I know it Meowth know tired of
these fake movies man but you know
living in LA you get to spill some
secrets you get some tea
so this is the Hollywood set
our tour guide was like go people of P
we have to like cut a bunch of people
for the stranger things line and I was
like
wait what's she doing
your phone your phone
you so I am gonna go to sleep Universal
Studios was so much fun I want to go
back next weekend that scared the shit
out of me what a different color
had a great day was Shane hopefully
everyone doesn't hate me because I'm
really nervous in this video yeah so now
I'm just gonna take a shower and go to
sleep because it's 3:00 a.m. I love you
guys so much
October so far sucks but I promise a
look it better my baby's baby not oh my
god I love coming home to them they're
my children
all right so love you so much see you
tomorrow
Wolcott rubbers gonna be lit I'm
exhausted
oh my god I can't love You Aliki they're
yellow
I was late s so I just got ready in like
five seconds because I found out that I
have a meeting at five four and we got
to go I look like poop I mean it went
really well I'm just chilling with my
ship
wait so Daisy she loves shipping Daisy
to go girl I found my nose ring in my
pocket why Melissa it's just not young
good I think I could be like the the
tattooed guy's girlfriend musical one
why wait so casually
sure I'm gonna start an asthma channel
is it asthma or ASMR okay I'm gonna try
to go what the fuck
Shh mommy's coming two hours later I'm
gonna try to film the what the funk
challenge with my doggies I've never
done this before let's don't think it'd
work oh well I tried you wanna be you
want to be on camera
hello window be on camera hello say my
name is Pia and I like doggies okay
