nice little pretty sunset what's gone
everybody like I was just saying before
I am taking a break from this channel I
have another channel called Jax on daily
vlog so I'm gonna start posting there a
bit more regularly because like I was
just saying before for some reason every
time I upload a fucking video on this
channel it's instantly age-restricted or
D monetize which means the Reach is
gonna go from here to here instead of
getting a million views it's gonna get
like 50,000 views which is kind of
frustrating no I don't care about the
money I don't give a shit I'm making a
couple hundred dollars off a video
that's not my goal my goal is to make
you guys entertained make you guys laugh
and smile we put our lives into making
content we spend all of our time our
money our energy we hurt ourselves we do
a lot of editing a lot of planning a lot
of work goes into these little quick
videos you guys see so don't be so fast
just to judge and assume we don't really
put in a lot either because I work my
ass off and for me to upload these
videos to have them just instantly
age-restricted or demo tires and have
the reach cut down is very fucking
frustrating so fuck you YouTube but just
quickly I do love you all I appreciate
you guys all watching my stuff and
keeping up showing me all the love but
like I said I can start posting some my
other videos to jackson O'Doherty vlogs
it's a smaller channel than this but at
least hopefully that channel won't get
too fucked around so yeah stay tuned
start posting there pretty soon I love
you all
