so this is the main road of the town
called Lanie where Jane is living
Newbridge town of Newbridge where James
isn't living me not so educated with
Kings you see people got an a not the
smartest first so Charlie but the new
Bruce is worth James mom and stepdad he
lives it has a big farm this is where
it's for when he's a little boy just a
little wee tech boy boy fuck up such a
dick way to me Tom's this trip I'm gonna
get there and jump on the horse
take a really quick no homo photo I used
to be completely Brokeback Mountain
styled photo the both of us on a horse
completely make it better James mom
actually owns how many acres of land a
fair bit on it's like a hundred acres
couple thousand all right so speaking of
a couple hundred such a couple of
thousands of acres
how much is mum owns in land I'm going
to show you really quickly on the screen
how big a thousand acres actually is a
lot of could be probably can get a rough
idea of diggities but we're sure you
have a good couple thousand one thousand
I'm going to show you how big a couple
of thousands of acres of land is on the
stream compared to something like a
rugby league so as you guys can probably
tell with all that space and land and
animals and dams and grass and dirt and
motorbikes and cars we're gonna get up
to no good we are just entering the farm
as we speak
a bit different to the shores of Sydney
where we used to in a month
we're out there on the outback now some
outback Jackie Jayden we're on it again
we don't spawn guys so just parked up at
Jaden's mum's farm out in the middle of
nowhere there's a horse thief I'm still
cruising right my undies and I've been
for the last little wall don't ask why
I'm still walking on my knees um I
honestly would you agree that I'm
probably in clothes less than I am
enclosed literally look at the horsey
daddy I want to be a farm Oh My Jesus
Christ it's coming towards me the demon
beast is coming towards me it don't like
me don't lap with city boys just likes
the country man I'm a city boy he's a
country man got this nice very well done
scary
they call me the horse whisperer
okay a grasshopper back r'mante you know
they call me mink oh boy grasshopper
Scuba Steve you know they call me
anything you're a grown up hey you
listen to me boys so me and Jaden are
literally about to jump on this big
fucking horse
it's so fucking big so yeah me and Jaden
would have to jump on this monstrous
horse completely butt naked for a
Brokeback Mountain style photo I'm gonna
put in here but blur some certain spots
a lot a bigger one let's try get the
bigger one out put it on the same in
case any of you are wondering what that
is it's called a copperhead watch Python
or snake it's a highly highly and copper
here is a rapid a lapis front thing that
is in the top 10 most venomous snakes in
the world you google it it will say the
exact same thing
his mother fucking idiot is just playing
with it news barehand
why don't you say it's mom it's mama
bring out the man man we're getting a
mama what type of snake someone it's a
mother copperhead a lot bigger I really
shouldn't be doing this but it's amazing
what a couple of things - vodka will do
to you
wise High School Musical playing in the
back for hunt is it your work holy shit
hecklers was that holy fuck they
literally just missed you I do not want
to go any closer than I currently under
that thing fuck that
well we're already well that night ended
up a little bit bigger than we expected
in Jayden what's the plans for Ave Sun
we white we go to ride a boo you want
even one bit tired I just had a good
night last night it's good to go out and
cut loosen get your dance I want it for
now no no I'm saying
don't even ask why I'm wearing these
glasses don't ask Damon
I said don't even ask your dinner that's
why I like the best way aware of them
yeah so it's pretty early in the morning
and we just got to Jade's farm again we
were yesterday we have had a pretty big
night last night and I'm having a few
little drinks too many backs our waters
so they're off to go do some random shit
we ever but now plan the plans to not
have a plan is to say what happens today
how was breakfast Jaden
who's know me I just paid for his
breakfast on the man in the relationship
obviously he treated himself they had a
bacon and egg roll and a caramel
milkshake absolutely spoon something
dumb fuck why are you looking at lady
what you fucking looking at put it this
friendly old neighborhood you know what
I see when I see a building like that I
just say well what y'all look at it so
take a second look at it look James
going to pay for his petrol I'm in the
front seat of his car he's taking sweet
time I can tell you that much ready to
go son
see you bro bye now
see you Jaden what a good friends for
come on there boy
come on now let's go
like just do a jump in my car there boy
we don't take too kindly to your your
top steps around here
hey fuck let's get the fuck out of ya
I love this place you literally just
drive down the Main Street just just
casually
yeah hey John in Jesus the ways what can
you do you're like a goddamn superhero
let me never told you that for whatever
ran that far in a few years have your
boy I'm driving the truck now I'm in
control of the ship
I'm the captain of this ship bitch Derek
how are you buddy nice to see you mate I
have no idea who the fuck that guy is
from seven hours away from home and I
don't give a fuck Hey all righty so
we're doing a little quick detour away
from the farm explain where we're going
boy no mr. James James Thurber name
every company cares
Abercrombie okay AFRICOM behaves yes say
it three times it's faster anaconda cave
have a coffee
I was going credit where it's Jim that
was do it okay old school this place
looks that right there is a bar and a
restaurant jeez Louise mate
where are we loo that very house yeah I
bet these people ad for some of the
happiest people in the world as well
leave me only with no reception no
internet I'm pretty sure it's black and
white here it's a living color this
place is so old but it's just still
black and white I don't have a color
here never crime craves caves fuck
murderers one wasn't a war Matt's on
Susi's he's a lizard he pulls straight
over to try and grab it
holy fuck he's his trust oh it's trying
to get ya
I want to call him Pablo
Jesus Christ as hectic literally as we
were just as soon as we drove into the
entrance seen this little cheeky bugger
sprinting across the road oh my god he's
quick here so quick push recording Pablo
oh Jesus Christ
yeah - keep it I've scared the shit out
of me don't you do that again boy and
this is gonna be a two-way street for
God's sake I can't see too much down
so basically guys we're down here in
this random rainforest e.push area just
walking around it's about half an hour
away from where Jayden lives now and you
know since Ron finds many interesting
and our pet animals as we can hopefully
we get lucky enough to get bitten but
we'll find that out soon
for the wall kangaroo might be related
to Damien
he's gone walkabout
yeah
think it's Damien bye guys best way to
catch a wild kangaroo
he's act like anyone talk about nice
flat roads big boy what you got there
son what you got you got yourself oh
what happened oh my god they're not
point that gun in my leg please it's not
enough girls love a tough car the gun
now enjoyed putting all their bullets by
the way everyone that's watching this
vlog right now we're not going street
animals do not stress trigger shoot
targets bins glass bottles and shit just
have a bit of fun
blow that bitch up son let's go shoot
some invisible people honestly you get
the target let's go alright so red power
right bottle on that log now to get a
shot vile man himself
here or saying that he missed it turn
turns up into that hard that it doesn't
even budget here I was thinking you'd
missed in this going straight through it
next to us cuz a fucking camel over
there
what the hell that's always a bit
different to the rest
