good morning world and happy Monday to
you all data wrapping on the Gold Coast
just woke guards learn how to coffee
so go ahead further with a run along
Surfers Paradise understand push-ups and
sit-ups along the way keep that Fitness
up amazing day every day lap is a good
day huh yeah yeah I know beaches just
down here we're going to go for a run
toss them away from home I like the
space consistent with training and
eating as I can it's pretty hard
sometimes because obviously you don't
have the access to a normal kitchen and
to make what you want to have a meal
prep or that sort of stuff not just that
as well you don't have to gym your local
gym around hopefully go for a run every
single day try get out the way in the
morning so it's done do some push-ups
some sit-ups that way a bit of a workout
already at the start of the day if I'm
going to eat unhealthy usually I've
start off with the unhealthy things
through our staff today working off as
your day goes on by and just need help
you towards end of the day I don't
stress too much about what I eat I just
eat what I want
let's try and train hard about it all
well five kilometers which is about
three miles walk / run finished 200
push-ups 200 sit-ups now it's breakfast
time to ponder fruit swim so now it's
the judged event
fucking story of my worth today I don't
know why I just don't know why I'm
studying my work there's heading
elevation so quick swim exfoliates from
sin into a little skin so yeah we just
gonna head down around about layer
somewhere we're going to rub some sin
into our bodies and yeah quick would you
look at my God look at that walk that
it's so so nice girls don't you never
get your gift now lovely day in paradise
to the 10th you to show us those muscles
don't shoot yourself now boy
person don't make it miss Suzie oh fuck
this what shadow I just have so
frightened good morning everybody
alright so where am i am currently in
James's car right now on the way to Gulf
Coast airports I'm flying home not home
home but I fly him out to Sydney today
I've got Jayden picking me up for any of
you don't know who's Jayden is I lived
with him all of last year's very quiet
kind of shy camera shy kind of guy he's
got this really funny personality about
him he's very popular on my snapchat
story oh he was all over my snap dance
for a whole year last year used to just
do some hectic pranks on him we'd always
hang out how people laugh together like
sort of stuff does really realise but
it's actually really funny just is quiet
weird kind of personality so we got very
popular to my snapchats last year we're
live together anymore as you move back
up towards his mum's house which is
about five hours south into the middle
of Australia from Newcastle we were
living together although he's very quiet
ease grades you'll pick up any animal
whatsoever whether it's a snake despite
our scorpion a big lizard he just
doesn't care it's pretty crazy so he's
picking me up go to his farm for a
couple of days we're going to ride some
Bulls
horses pick up some say
do some really random shit who knows you
might even get bitten it's been quite a
bit of really care so you're a freak get
out my turn for girls or daughters or
whatever you're out there into a little
quick montage just showing you're
leaving videos from last year being him
together I apologize in advance there's
a lot of them probably just snapchats
because obviously is a lot of my
snapchat so just keep in mind not all my
vlog is going to have snapchat from the
weird sort of quality kind of things I
just saw the cool to kind of introduce a
couple of close friends I have and what
they kind of like is to show you some of
the shit that we get up to I don't think
I have a friend that I last more out
than Jayden so you're like Retreat imma
play that now it's leaking Jamie well
with no change again wait for some info
you all look quite a comeback really
there's something when you face some
bait look I got your pop way for your
hard day's work play make a budget some
goggles for your hard day's work they
may come on
a retro Petofi hard day's work should
give me the breakfast when he will blank
this tape like this whatever you're near
you can take this time getting
rain/freezing joint of use gone up
ground whatever don't have a sale on the
phone you almost smooth around the edge
of their time Regina you need to put
some basil in the radiator Mike what's
up Mikey Jayden a sweet and sour sauce
just chilling in the ground I thought I
hope you liked that montage alright so
changing up an airport in a couple of
hours you'll see them very shortly I
mean here we go a couple days to get off
to be crazy
get ready this is where I say goodbye
I realize because you have rowdy super
boss turn around
still the fellas on packing the load all
right I am fucking out of here
for art Jayden has officially arrived
and this venture is about to begin
Hey as you also
yeah look at this please
then I'm call the police for no reason
hey darling it's lovely to see you
new paint after you haircut this tattoo
looking fresh and pans new clothes fuck
your life and turned upside down in a
good way things are looking good the
boys are back together again something
fuck I'll be late you should know better
by now
so yeah James just pick me up from the
airport I'm about to go start some
random ass fuck cooked adventures down
at his farm build resiliency I've bitten
by snake or two okay I'd say so he's not
done it it still happens well I can
definitely tell y'all have missin me a
lot how am i how much fun is it it is
lovely I love to live back here just
have to go through this every single day
again there's one of the best things
about living in Sydney was getting to
Kim to go through this day in day out
every day have a guy which I drink drive
there drink drive home that sounds
dangerous
but danger is my middle name ooh is that
me fastest which is about five or six
hours the opposite way to where I'm from
I got towards his farm and it's the
middle of fucking nowhere
just you wait another hour to into this
trip you see the roads it's gonna be
looking like pure so sorry girls what
interested what seems to be the problem
here sir
silent put some oil on the radiator
might drag get a boy send to your left
vehicle police I can do is watch this
popcorn
we're also drone for a few hours now I
am busting for a piss are you bucking
for a bit my biology
so that's your friends we never need to
go the toilet really bad push down to
their lower stomach towards their flat
off very dangerous as it could pop that
later and really be excruciating pain
but J's you thought there's a game of
soccer currently happening to so well
I'm about to go streaking by sticking
out of summing up or Marni's up into a
Jason and run straight through the game
look at that I just wish we did 100
situated sprint full pace to us down
Bogut not even breathing deeply focus
all my representative I'm going out
really Barry but you Barry not talking
your ear mine Gary and gore module ride
yeah like a purple there because they're
gonna I like the damming Orana are you
fucking kidding that's fucked
yeah you're fucking kidding me that's
fuck
- that's fucked if the pussy's wearing
pink say ma thanks that body theme I
might put a pussy's wear pink all right
we are slowly getting into the middle of
nowhere now oh my god I'm getting kinda
scared this is like some of that Wolf
Creek shit
