what's going on guys I'm Jackson
O'Doherty here my good friend and
cameraman Alex hey what's up today we're
going to call up a few shops businesses
companies and we're gonna actually call
in sick even though we don't work there
and just fuck around to see the
reactions we can get this is video easy
did you block your number yeah hey Mel
how's it going it's just jack listen
younggu that's just jack listen I'm not
gonna be able to come in tomorrow for my
shift I've got a bit of a head cold it's
just jack yeah cuffing him I have the
wrong number
no this is where I work out why do you
work
video easy Harrison straight Jack no you
don't work here jack no who's it home uh
speak to Mel
yeah that's check-ins and I do work
there I just I just thought that I'd
call till I know that I'm six I can't
work tomorrow that way I won't get in
trouble for not showing up Jack you
don't work here darling
well I do work dad been working there
for out three months he I saw I've been
fired have I don't know i 100% work done
been doing shit after the last two to
three months if I've been fired I'd like
to have been told by the boss himself
well I am you don't work here so I have
been fired
no you ever been fired cause you've
never worked here so I don't know who
you are I don't know what you want but
anyway I will find you
and I will kill you I wanna faking its
Matt I'm just calling it I meant to be
on tomorrow from 12:00 to 4:00 just a
Saturday shift and I just can't work so
I've got a bit of a cold where are you
working
I mean the timber what timber compart
Department sorry if it meant hell yeah
yeah I was just calling in sick for
tomorrow I I just got really cold but it
took just between you and me I kinda
want to go out with the boys
yeah I've got I've got a few things on
tomorrow night look I'm just led to
between you and I I am sick as one would
say but I've just got to go out tomorrow
night's one of my nights birthdays
it's been a while since I've like you
know going out and had a good night and
met a girl so yeah thanks but you that
guy gets fired oh my god she did you a
soul
hi Greta um it's just Lucas here house I
had a bit of an accident and um I'm just
calling sick for my shift tomorrow Lucas
has a shit uh it's Lucas here um I was
just calling cyghfer shift that I have
tomorrow I kinda had like a bit of an
accident
I'm calling from path
Charlie yeah I am I was on holidays like
I've just been on holidays for the last
couple of days and just like visiting my
grandma because I was working as a
tissue I just started yeah I'm sure that
I know next couple weeks we'll probably
get acquainted but yeah I'm not to be
working tomorrow night from like 6:00 to
10:00 yeah have a little bit of an
accident um it's really embarrassing um
do you want to hear about it okay so so
pretty much like I'm over here and I
don't know any girls and I know like I
was getting a bit frisky and I kind of I
got my like peepee stuck in on a coke
bottle and yeah my baby next up is woo
worse oh that's it oh yeah hey mal
assist Antonia I was just calling as to
say that I can't work tomorrow I'm one
of the new employees only on a few
shifts but I'm not gonna bed of work
tomorrow
just had a few personal things go on so
I'm not gonna do my shift tomorrow but I
should be right for Monday Tuesday
Jaden's already got you organized to
come in yeah yeah Jase had me organized
come in tomorrow I've been feeling very
corrupt the last week I just thought I
might tell you of all you hear but I
just feel a little bit sick the last
week or so and today I thought just to
be so I googled everything and they said
check all these types of symptoms so I
went and bought
my love it's not the flu it's not the
flu I just checked symptoms online and
they told me to go to war worse and buy
a pregnancy test and I urinated on it
and it turns out that a count of two
lines which means I was pregnant I don't
have it's serious lot I'm going to have
to go to the doctor I don't know what's
funny but I'm gonna have to go I got to
go to the doctors and ask them more
about it I've I've had I've had a sex
change so I don't know if it's possible
or not because but I have to I don't
have to speak to the bus I'll just get
the police to pull up your detail yeah
thanks wait Gloria James hey yo it's
Robbie here um I don't know if we met
yeah but um I kind of got hired like the
other week and I actually have a shift
tomorrow that's just some I was calling
sick that unfortunately yeah I don't
know if it's actually on the roster I
got called up by the manager got a name
yeah yeah faith man I keep forgetting
it's really embarrassing that is cannot
just like I cannot leave a message with
you and maybe like kind of do that
because I'm actually have to actually go
into a hospital like like quite soon so
I don't know if I'll be other like
answer phone can I tell you what kind of
happened yeah okay this is really
embarrassing but have you heard those
stories of people kind of like getting
stuck when they have sex okay so my
girlfriend has a piercing and I also
have a piercing and it happened to me
okay yeah no I'm glad you said that I'm
actually just going out with the boys
tonight
that's all right all right I'm not gonna
tell you anything okay thank you
I've enjoyed watching that guys make
sure you like subscribe share comment
urinate procrastinate tolerate
a little right and if you liked it make
sure you head over and watch the video
I've done on Alex's channel as well his
YouTube channel will be in the
description so um yeah so um yeah see
you later
Cielo
