now I bet you guys are wondering where I
am and what I'm doing I'm actually at
Newcastle Airport it's four o'clock in
the morning I've had to fly up to
Brisbane just for a few days after
flight to attend court over a stupid
thing I have a months ago just in case
you're wondering why does I have to go
to court it's over the smallest
stupidest reason you can think of about
three or four hunting guides in a video
up in Brisbane tradies of the future I'm
getting around a hoverboard like glider
then two-wheeled things just painting
and doing construction worker things the
video when viral had about six million
views on Facebook and about 250,000 here
in YouTube all it is is me painting a
wall and that happened to be around a
construction site but still the owner of
the construction sites taking me to
court over painting the wall I'll go
showing picking me up from the airport
which is in about an hour and a half and
man I'm scared murmur
just got in a brisbane airport
sharmee thinks it's cool to go and spend
time with girls and make me wait at the
airport on my own for half an hour so I
want to boil him a coffee his is the
small one let's say he likes this Shami
huh
I hope you lucky copy lock that Xiaomi
there's Shami right there let me take
his coffee to him really quick hi sir
you might overdrive oh hi sir you might
over driver I've got you a small caramel
latte sir
mate I got you on camera I've got you on
mobile phone you spend up be going
online nah I can't show me the small one
cuz people cause it took his time gets a
small one for some reason I've got deja
vu I I really heard those lines before
somewhere cheese it cheese has a taste
I'm gonna Krabs come to have a coffee
taste taste all good I thought that our
relationship got to this point where you
just wouldn't set the coffee off me I'm
so shocked
fuck it out you now officially got
chlamydia hiv/aids what did you do isn't
it hard into anything ah really wanted
that coffee there's nothing wrong with
it oh what's head is fading
now she is I love fides the other law
music more fuck
once again really good workers I've
mastered legs in his industry namely
legs we need to try it Lexus top I just
set TV in the background you run off my
legs no no no just finished up a big gym
session in Brisbane Pappas Johnny Cash
from a dark ghost juice can get protein
hey I'll tag you hey you go very well
yes hey hey hey I thought I let Pappas
drive my car for the day
she's birthday tomorrow you bloody idiot
I thought I'd let him drive my Hummer
for the day I upgraded cars so I'm yeah
I thought I'd let him drive my car just
being his birthday tomorrow so people
ask is pretty often do we get paid much
for making videos and the answer is yeah
we do get a little bit of money here and
there not heaps but you know we got
enough to buy luxury roofs like this you
don't get a nice room full of this
material without the right money if by
the way this is a Lamborghini that we're
in I'll show you
and now you know how much money we're
making how am I supposed to get out with
the doors locked from the inside
you got punked call MTV pop I'll let you
out mate oh good you're good Davey to do
Oh got you good
this bloody sharmee I'll tell you the
prankster the alert to go you got me
today couples that need together stay
together play together eat together cook
together live together dishes together
sleep together
bath together shower together throw
chickens together Red Rooster together
and together drive together
ketil's depending on how many videos of
mine you might have watched or charmese
that we had a chicken for a little while
there and decided to run away on us so
we're back to the produce store to buy
another one for another video I need to
get me some dinner chicken this is gonna
be called cat yeah main reason being
because it's not a cat okay shadow don't
eat Assad cannot know if he's us know me
what Bobby Bobby honey na yeah you're
right you'll feathers in yin feathers
you got chicken in my eyes and a chicken
under here we give up we're about to
find out your bed this is a bed if I
know
fuck sure what's in the box
anyway we got we got a new pet so we're
going out at the second chicken
this one's called cat the last one was
Kendall
this one's cat Oh No yeah we've been
using a knife or video a Chevy what is
it this time
alright it's the morning of caught just
woke up in a shower and get ready you
know where my shooting time without the
suit without tar but with time without
suit you know what I mean
I'm not very nervous I'm not gonna
stress out I'm gonna be fine just gonna
get in there and freak out and be really
stressed and not be one bit calm but I
will become without being calm so oh oh
oh my neck oh you go do you call the
judge your honor
Johanna blue what you call on Julie
you fucking to him well you call a judge
three actually yeah you hope I get
locked up yeah
I'm securing you stupid videos so yeah
I'm going yeah I don't have a gash of
gliding to court let's blow it on
everything should actually divide they
need to call it I think oh shit I'm
literally going to court for painting on
a wall it's not even graffiti it's like
I'm sending this to a Current Affair my
santuko affair I'm sending Carsten you
know to your front door
alright see right good luck I hope you
get locked out thanks mate see later
they say when you go to court we're
gonna try to look at representable this
one so a better way to go in nice style
so I just got out of court very good
news no condition no behavior bond just
a small little fine for what I did
I think it's because the judge like my
shoes that is literally when I just wore
in court
I honestly think that's why the judge
was just so good on me you know they say
you'd be a nice person you do good
things and good things come today I
believe justice was served and it was
served in the right way so it's got the
South Bank here in Brisbane I've got
Jackie boy
sharmee spent a film on your video it's
gonna be a bit interesting a bit twisted
in a bit sick but ok bye
it's gonna be funny since a week here's
the nappies nappies wig either die dummy
so just put my nice new wig on I got my
getup on my skirt with my bill Qi and my
outfit got my baby over here I'm gonna
OD - hold on no no you haven't answered
yet then I think everyone's looking at
us for some reason
it's not like we look nor any I'm for we
look so yeah you've got xiaomi is my
little baby for the day got me for some
slutty bogan mum with my pram like how
are you doing pollen Oh what am i doing
so we're here in the middle of our
Brisbane City smoking on with my baby
got some really weird looks up all these
weird people I don't know why
and that is a wrap for the day's filming
you got a good time I don't know what
that beeping it's not like we're oh well
I mean my undies and isn't a week
sharmee just said show me just said
you're starving so I said nice to meet
you starving my name is thirsty
