House Democrats wanted a subpoena for
the interpreter who was in the room
during Donald Trump's private meeting
with Vladimir Putin now it is
unprecedented for a u.s. president to
call for a private meeting for with an
individual who is considered an
adversary but this is what Trump wanted
and that is what Trump got during that
meeting it appears that there were
agreements made verbal agreements made
between Trump and Putin and the only
other person in that room because
Vladimir Putin speaks in Russian was the
interpreter so Democrats in the House
wanted to you know have a subpoena for
that interpreter so they can ask that
individual questions about what was
discussed what kind of deals were made
and House Republicans have decided to
block that these are Republicans on the
House Intelligence Committee and they
blocked it based on partisan lines so
I'll give you the details the panel's
top Democrat representative Adam Schiff
wanted the State Department interpreter
to appear in a closed session saying
that Congress must find out what was
said during this two-hour meeting but
chairman Devin Nunez unsurprisingly said
that and led the Republicans in a
party-line vote to table the motion so
that vote was 11:00 to 6:00 also you
know this is I guess this is something
that we shouldn't be surprised about but
remember they made some sort of
agreement there was some sort of deal
made and so I don't know I don't know
how I feel about it because on one hand
I think that it's important for the
president to be able to meet with
someone privately and I don't like the
idea of forcing an interpreter to
testify yeah so I don't know how I feel
no I do I'm against it so and now that
might surprise some of you guys but
there's a very important exception if
there is a legal reason that for example
an investigator might want that that
transfer and then they have a legal
right to it and I'd have to see that out
I'd have to see why they what their case
is for having a right to see what was
said between Trump and Putin but for
sure
congressmen who are partisan get access
to what the president said in in
diplomatic meetings between foreign
leader no I don't think so it's
important that we be able to do
diplomacy and in order to do diplomacy
sometimes you have to say things that
you do not want to be public if we're
going to invade that that arena and make
everything public well then that is
going to prevent diplomacy in the
futures at bad precedent and even in
this extreme case where I have anything
Trump and Putin are working together I
think that Trump is stupid enough that
he probably admitted it in that two-hour
meeting and that would be historic if we
got that information nonetheless it's
not the right thing to do yeah I think
the costs outweigh the benefits because
the benefits would be okay we have an
interpreter who is now testifying and
telling us what they agreed to but the
cost would be opening the floodgates for
abuse in the future by by partisan abuse
I think and so I think if Trump did
something Shady
Trump is known to share incriminating
evidence about himself on a regular
basis you can't help it so I think that
we'll find out soon enough if an
investigator has a real legal reason to
get that that's different but Adam
Schiff wants it so that he couldn't look
at it and he's a Democrat in that
committee no yeah look I I wish we had
that evidence but that's not how America
is supposed to work where we go okay I
just like to take that even though it's
supposed to be private and then make it
public to the whole world and you think
partisan guys on both the Republican and
Democratic side wouldn't leak that
information they would leak it
immediately on second one so no I say no
to easy ways for long term
