the US Treasury has announced that it
will allow dark money to remain dark in
fact they're allowing it to become even
darker and this impacts everyone
including those who are concerned about
organizations like let's say Planned
Parenthood so if your conservative you
should be just as concerned about what's
going on with the Treasury's latest
decision now the US Treasury said on
Monday that it will no longer require
certain tax exempt organizations
including politically active nonprofit
groups such as the NRA and Planned
Parenthood to identify their financial
donors to u.s. tax authorities Oh so for
example the NRA where to get thirty
million dollars from the Russian
government now they wouldn't have to
identify it what a wonderful coincidence
that now they don't have to identify
their donors anymore my guess is this
too little too late and we'll find out
exactly if what then are you got and and
look I don't know for a fact yet and
that's all why they do the investigation
it does appear to be some evidence based
on some of the filings already that oh
the NRA
might have taken money from the Russians
and funneled it to Donald Trump but
we'll find out we'll find out but
minuchin and the Trump administration is
trying desperately to make sure that we
don't find out the next time right I
know and and this is I mean even if you
just put Russia aside just think about
what this does to our democracy what it
does to transparency I mean it's it's
just we already have a problem with you
know corruption and and and why things
turn out the way they do in the country
well you know what kind of forces are
playing a role behind the scenes and how
those decisions get made this will make
that situation even worse so the move
also frees labor unions issue advocacy
organizations veterans groups and other
nonprofits that do not receive tax
exempt money from meeting confidential
disclosure requirements set in place
decades ago and the change also protects
the privacy of wealthy donors of dark
money donations to politically active
groups so conservatives have complained
that the disclosures to the IRS though
not public were susceptible to media
leaks
all right so let's break this down first
again I don't know why conservatives if
you're an actual voter and not want to
put not part of the swamp why you'd be
in favor of this this means that Soros
could funnel all the money he wants into
any of those organizations and defeat
any particular Republican that he
doesn't like for his agenda and you'd
never even know it
you can't ever find out means the unions
can funnel any money they'd like it I
don't know who else are you sure that
foreign actors can't puddle money in the
Saudis can't funnel money in and look
there are a lot of nefarious forces in
the world they could funnel money in but
okay let's just stick with the u.s.
let's just say okay Soros is American
Koch brothers are American and and they
could now they already can put unlimited
money in but now we can't even find out
who's putting the money in so not only
do we have an auction instead of a
democracy but now it's a secret auction
so you don't even know who do who bought
off your politician they with a
legalized bribery
now they've said okay but we're gonna
keep secret who's doing the bribe
okay so if you just still don't get why
that's disastrous let's keep going a
little bit more and by the way for God's
sake get the money out you conservatives
you hate corruption you hate crony
capitalism this is exactly what this is
now the final irony people like the Koch
brothers say well the reason we don't
want our names being found out is
because then people will criticize us
and that might inhibit us from spending
more money to bribe your politicians
yeah that's yeah that's great yes what
we'd like okay but just think that logic
through for a second they say our money
is speech so I could spend as much money
as I want cuz I'm just talking but you
are not allowed to talk back to me your
speech is not speech my money is speech
but your speech isn't I don't want you
talking to me I don't want you finding
out who I am I want to be able to buy
off any politician I like Republican or
Democrat and you never find out you're
gonna speak back to me how dare you I'm
prohibiting your speech and minuchin
and Trump just did that this is not a
democracy guys it's not a hyperbole it's
it's no it's accurate it's it's
incredibly accurate and look at the
state level I've said it a million times
that's why Wolfpack works at the state
level there are still representatives
who represent you there's people who are
the local cash register person who's a
state rep etc right and the districts
are smaller and there's more
accountability at the national level
democracy is gone it's an illusion now
the irony is the only office that
actually still has some democracy
involved is the president because
presidential races get so much free
media that the Koch brothers Soros or
anyone else can't buy it off because
there's too much free media but almost
all of Congress at the national level
not all of it but almost all of it gone
they're all bribed they all work for
their donors and they don't work for us
and it's not a real democracy last thing
in case you didn't know and this
happened even before Citizens United
Princeton and northwestern to this study
they studied two decades of American
policy 1800 policy positions public
opinion your opinion has zero effect on
public policy the top 10 percent the
richest people in the country their
opinion has a direct effect on public
policy we don't live in a democracy so
we can get it back but you have to amend
the Constitution and make it very very
clear your money is not speech privately
financed the Elections is mental they
will obviously work for the people who
financed their elections they're the
ones who got them elected now we can't
even find out who they are and they're
gonna work for secret donors and we're
gonna call that a democracy you have to
join Wolfpack or any other group that's
fighting for word that you think makes
sense but to me if you don't get their
amendment you're done for and Wolfpack
can get it at the state level they never
have to go to Washington if you go ask
Washington you think these guys are
gonna change the law to take themselves
out of power
no wolf dash pack.com
get involved volunteer donate do
whatever you can because it's time for a
literal revolution and by that I mean a
political revolution where we actually
amend the Constitution to get our
democracy back the founding fathers were
revolutionaries that's why they put into
the Constitution
you should amend this thing so you can
do political revolutions for each
generation it's that time now if you
don't do it we're done
they're gonna have dark money by every
single election and you're not even
gonna know who your politicians work for
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
