there's been an incredibly inspiring
story out of Alabama that I wanted to
share with all of you and it involves a
young man by the name of Walter car now
Walter car got hired at for a moving
company it's known as bellhops moving
company but the night before he was
supposed to start this job his car broke
down
now the first moving job that he was
supposed to do was 20 miles away more
than 20 miles away from where he lives
and so he decided to not get discouraged
even though he didn't have a car to get
to his job he decided to walk to the
location more than 20 miles away on foot
to make sure that he made it on time to
do his job I mean it's it's an
incredible story so I gotta say and as
you'll find out look I'm impressed by
the yeah guy and he's wonderful guy but
I actually loved the reaction more than
even yeah what he did know this story
there isn't a single downside to it this
entire story and everyone involved is a
winner okay
plain and simple winners all around so
Walter car decides all right I got to do
it time to go so he's a you uh he's a
u.s. Marine hopeful he's hoping to make
it to the military he walked throughout
the early morning hours Friday because
he needed and wanted the job with
bellhops moving company now as he's
walking he gets approached by police
officers because it's honestly the
middle of the night and it's dark and
he's walking alone and so tell him a
police officer Mark Nitin was the first
to encounter Walter and stop to ask him
if everything was okay car explained to
him that he was walking to work and why
and then at that point Nitin took action
so here's a cop who sees this kid I mean
he's a man but still a young man walking
and says oh no no me and my colleague
we're gonna buy you some breakfast and
then we're gonna buy you some lunch to
go and then we're gonna drop you off at
a church because that's the safest place
for us to drop you off and then you'll
figure it out from there so they do just
that and they just say yeah well when
you get to the part in the story when
the cops pull up on him in the middle of
the night like you know lately how it's
been I'm like
your heart stops a little bit like no no
no no no no no and then they wind up
helping him I'm like oh thank god
oh thank god right and so look guys we
report what's in the news unfortunately
a lot of bad stuff if it's great stuff
great wonderful job by the cops serious
way to be decent human beings it's a
heartwarming story and they treat it as
such and they made it way better isn't
that wonderful
oh it just gets better though it just
gets better so finally he's dropped off
at this church but he's got to keep
walking he's not there yet he's not
where he needs to be for his job so he
starts walking and at that point a
different police officer who was
notified about this whole situation
picks him up and drives him to the home
where he's supposed to do the moving job
okay
so now it keeps getting better all right
so let's go just real quick in case
you're wondering why did the cat cops
buy him breakfast didn't drop him off at
a church so he's got a walk again no
they drove him really close but they
didn't want to drop him off at 4:00 in
the morning in front of somebody's Harry
yeah and they knew the church would be
safe that's why they left him there and
then the other cop picks him up and
brings him and explains to the people at
the house hey the rest of the guys have
not arrived but he arrived here early
because he walked throughout the night
to get here and then the homeowner
assure the ones that are moving are
incredibly grateful yes okay so now
let's get to the people in the home who
need the moving to happen right so the
homeowner is a woman by the name of
Jenny Laney who is not lame at all
okay she is amazing and a very sweet
woman so she wanted to share this story
on Facebook and it gives you a sense of
you know the details of what happened
behind the scenes so let's go to graphic
37a she wrote the following he walked
all night to get from Homewood to
pellham because he needed to get to work
for those reading this that are not
local that's over 20 miles you could
tell how the officer told us this story
that he had complete admiration for
Walter and by my reaction he could tell
I did too the police officer said they
picked him up early that morning took
him to get some breakfast
and once they checked his story out
brought Walter to my house I want people
to know this no matter what the
challenge is oh okay so I don't want to
read that yet because that's not the the
homeowner so the homeowner
the story and she sets up a GoFundMe
account and so of course people get the
story goes viral people start donating
money to him so he can buy a car okay if
that isn't enough to make you feel all
like warm and gushy inside then the CEO
of the moving company does this we just
got to connect just a little bit and
sounds like
and you're gonna be walking a lot cuz
you're gonna do a lot of bellhops jobs
too so we as a team kind of got together
last night
and we're trying to think about all
right how can we go Walter to jobs
you've got everything he needs to be a
bellhop the one piece is missing is like
a way to get that food so this is my car
and you know I just I Drive it like it
just barely
and allow you to be your car and so like
to give you this car right here
today like right now like you can drive
away with that and
I really think that you know it's in
much better hands with you that is with
me and I could
I couldn't think of a better way to to
part ways with this and put to better
use I like that story all right god it's
so nice what people are decent to one
another you know thanks God okay all
right so let me explain just a little
bit more by the way that is a very young
CEO okay Congrats big guy okay
and I want to I'll give another shout
out the bellhops moving company
apparently wonderful people right and
the moving company were there nice
that's weird nice moving company okay
you bet better was it anyway so Walter
so when he cut when his car breaks and
he's that he really needs a job he
thinks bellhops has been great they gave
him an opportunity and he didn't have
that opportunity before and so he
reminds me of my dad a little bit so
he's like okay well I gotta get to work
so what am I gonna do I guess I'm gonna
walk right so he at eight o'clock he
takes a nap for four hours wakes up at
midnight and just starts walking and
then when they he finally got to the
home and you know Anna told you the
whole story and then the the lady at
home asked him to tell his story to the
other workers like hey they still got
this amazing story tell him what you did
and Walter just says I walked yeah he
was so humble like not he didn't I mean
of course he doesn't seem like the type
but he didn't brag or anything no he's
like the anti-trump anyway I don't wanna
make it political but so but he reminded
me of my dad is you remember the story
said in the post game yesterday TYT that
complex joined to become a member get
all the fun stories behind the scenes my
my dad when we put the cones around his
car and he just drove right over them
music and we're like why did you do this
I had to go to work yeah Walters like
that I had to go to work well I didn't
have a car so I walked right no excuses
no nothing I gotta go to work I'm gonna
get there one way or another and if I
gotta walk then I'm gonna walk that's
why people love the story it's great he
has true grit yeah I mean it's amazing
right and look I wish everybody was like
that so wouldn't be extraordinary but to
me again the better
the story a Walters wonderful guy but is
how open and warm everybody was right
yes okay so it's so great to see
anywhere
but also in Alabama all these people
being wonderful to one another
so just to give you a little more
background on Walter and his family so
his family lost their home during
Hurricane Katrina and so they're from
New Orleans and they decided to move to
Alabama following you know that
devastating loss and it based on the
comments and the quotes that he's given
the media even though he's gone through
such terrible things in his life and
he's so young he has this level of
gratitude that's amazing because I think
a lot of people would get discouraged I
think I would get discouraged I'm just
keeping it real but he just kept pushing
through and so I'm gonna read you one of
his quotes that made me emotional but it
gives you a sense of what kind of person
he is he says I want people to know this
no matter what the challenge is you can
break through the challenge nothing is
impossible unless you make it impossible
you can do anything you set your mind to
I've got God by my side yeah and one
more shout out to folks we're not used
to giving shoutouts to but we want to is
religious people right so he's deeply
religious and he all those different
setbacks he had he said look if God's
got a purpose I might not agree with
that but I love his attitude and
religion gave him strength gain strength
and faith that things would get better
faith and hope etc and taught him to
write things and and that's what he did
here and it's and it worked out for him
now a new American Hero but again the
CEOs CEOs hero cops or heroes the
religious or heroes it's upside-down
world at the Young Turks
and what I what I also love is that
there was finally a reminder of the good
people in this country because they
exist and I think doing this job yes
that there are essential there are
definitely more good than bad but doing
what we do and having to cover the type
of content we cover you forget and I
think it's skews your worldview quite a
bit and lastly I
know that no matter what we say some in
the audience will think we're biased
about this or that I but our job is to
deliver what is happening okay and if
good things are happening done by no
matter who it is we're gonna tell you so
thank God finally a heartwarming story
let's hope we could find it more of
these and especially in an ear like this
the more we come together the better
we're all going to be and the stronger
we're all gonna be so have a little
faith in each other two easy ways to
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
