okay now we're joined by Rasheeda Talib
she is running in Michigan's 13th
district as a just Democrat
that means she's uncorrupted no
corporate PAC money deeply progressive
Rasheeda welcome to rebel headquarters
thank you for having me no problem but
Rasheeda I got to tell you there is a
part of your platform I'm not sure that
I agree with so that's gonna be an
interesting conversation and and part of
your platform that I absolutely love and
that I don't see on other platforms so
we'll hold that for a sec and let's talk
about the unique situation you have in
Michigan's 13 that's John Conyers old
seats so legendary congressman civil
rights hero Noah and of course in a lot
of ways but it was stepped down because
of a scandal that happened in this last
term so you've got six people is this
right you got six people in the
Democratic primary but no opponent in
the Republicans know there is going to
be a write-in candidate but yeah he got
kicked out of the bout off the ballot
because he didn't fill out his paperwork
correctly okay so they're gonna try to
write in a Republican so the Democrat is
very very likely to win the general
election oh yeah even if there was a
Republican on the ballot they couldn't
win it's 85% Democratic base here okay
got you and so you would be the first
Muslim American woman in Congress which
would be interesting in historic but
you've actually been in possibly it be
powerful there you go I like power okay
and and you were already the first
Muslim woman to ever serve in the
Michigan Legislature so you're kind of
used to setting those marks I think your
record though there though is what's
really interesting so I want to talk
about two things that you did there one
was at least we have the right to brief
campaign it's a sad state of affairs in
America that you had to run that
campaign and let people know that we
have a right to breathe but what was it
about well we had a billionaire and a
lot of people don't know this that owned
the International crossing to Canada and
there
you know this billion-dollar corporation
basically was trying to build in a
second span of next to the current one
without going through the environmental
clearances and many of my colleagues on
both sides of the aisle Democrats and
Republicans kind of look the other way
and didn't care that the owner of the
bridge was not following the proper
process doing the environmental
clearances filing the permits and many
of those permits were important to
mitigate any impact on people's public
health and this is a community that has
one of five children who have asthma
three times higher rate of asthma Nahas
hospitalization among adults and so I I
needed to do something beyond just
introducing you know public health bills
but actually doing something more
grassroots and that was to start that we
have a right to breathe campaign to
educate both and really fight for our
right to be heard and to elevate the the
families that I represented at that time
and we won we blocked his trucks for 45
minutes we're talking about
international trade that was coming then
to Detroit and we were lucky to see him
get jailed one day but it was enough for
him to remove his trucks and if I'll
follow the the law and and in the
paperwork they was required for him to
protect our public health that's kind of
badass okay so I don't want these people
too much I want to come back to your
record in a second so I didn't want to
talk about the the two issues on your
platform that I mentioned earlier so one
is to people might find amusing that I
disagree with you on this but is to
promote home ownership why I always
found that curious like so what if I
rent oh look it's nothing against
renters but what you need to know is for
us in the 13 congressional district
it's the third poorest congressional
district in the country and home
ownership creates economic stability
even for our neighborhoods for our
communities and we used to be as seventy
percent and now we're you know as as low
as close to even forty percent in some
communities and you even see now that
studies have come out to show in
Michigan there was a
and article that specifically showed
that only 40% of african-americans in
our state owned their own homes so for
me it is about pushing back against the
big banks that we just bailed out that
are not helping our families get access
to what I think is the core American
dream of owning your own home which you
know for me is stability for families is
economic stability it's at the pathway
to you know one of those moments where
you might not have you know that job or
you want to lean on a property that you
can be able to get equity you know loans
out of and so it's really important for
me to have that kind of stability for my
families and right now seeing those
rates of homeownership says to me a big
signal that something's wrong and the
banks are not following the proper
process to make sure that we all have
access to those loans I hear you I do
think that in America we do obsess about
it a little bit too much and I think at
different situations require renting or
owning it's not always owning but I will
say this it also protects you a little
bit against gentrification because if
you're a renter and the area gets
gentrified you're screwed but if you're
a homeowner then they got to pay you so
had a bare minimum so I'm just keeping
it real and that it does at least yeah
but you also should know the the
landlords in the Wayne County area this
is a this I'm in one county Wayne County
they haven't had the best reputation and
you know I'm a non-profit legal advocate
in Detroit and I represent many of these
families that were put out on the
streets but also living in conditions
that I think are inhumane not paying
water bill is having a water shut-off
not paying their taxes and not letting
the families know and then they're out
on the street without any notice and so
there is this cycle to me of burying
people into more poverty when we don't
have the power and control over where we
live you know what that's a great point
and that might be part of my privilege
showing because I haven't had to deal
with that as a renter but I've been in
that community and I haven't been you
know in a situation where people can
prey on you and so that's my I guess
light-brown privilege
but it is privileged either way so
that's a great point all right now the
part of your care platform that I love
am ending corporate welfare this isn't
just the end of corruption
it isn't just to get money out of
politics so you're just Democrats so
we're your unquestioned on that but it's
the end to go further to end corporate
welfare I don't know why more people
don't talk about but what do you mean by
it well it's my experiences here in
Detroit you should know we have over 50
schools got closed in the in Detroit
recently and what we saw is the shift of
our public resources and dollars towards
a hockey stadium downtown this is 20
year break of paying property taxes and
all of that money got shifted away from
going into city services into our public
school system and into a what I call an
adult playground that is a for-profit
entity they didn't hire local residents
like they were supposed to right now
many of the properties they got for like
$1 I mean this is a billion to
billionaire this is pizza pizza if if
you folks know Little Caesars Arena
these are the to me this family that has
been in many ways speculating on
property not helping us with the number
of issues that happen in the city of
Jaron cluding bankruptcy and for us to
be able to give that kind of tax break
as early as two months after we filed
bankruptcy to me is in just especially
because we still haven't got the quality
city services and our fair share of
resources in our neighborhoods in
Detroit downtown you see all of the
wealth and resources being centered
there and shifting of those dollars that
need to go into our communities into
what I call just unbelievable wealth for
profit industry and we just did it if
you if you haven't heard we just did it
for Dan Gilbert yet another billionaire
in the Wayne County area that is
building this you know Tower of a place
again for profit nothing benefiting the
public this is going to help him in this
so-called name of creating jobs but
people need to know this is the same man
that is
being accused and investigated by the
Department of Justice for mortgage fraud
this is the same billionaire that has
been able to get tremendous amount of
tax breaks in other cities and again the
benefit is not coming back to the
neighborhoods and to the families that
have you know stuck around during this
economic recession stuck around to wait
for the so called
whatever comeback they want to call it
whatever label and the shifting is
hurting us we're closing more schools we
have crowded classrooms we have
communities that still don't have the
kind of city services that you would see
just in a typical neighborhood including
fixing fire hydrants and putting ZUP
stop signs where they've been removed
those are things that you know many
people might not care about but those
are the things that help families live a
better quality of life so yeah you know
all this corporate welfare and they give
away billions actually in total
trillions of dollars to corporations and
say it's gonna trickle down on us how's
that working out how's it working out in
Detroit how's it working out in Michigan
it's not working out at all it's a big
lies a giant lie it's just the
convenient excuse for them just take the
money and not not share it with us and
our episodes are supposed to fight for
us I want to give the websites that I
want to ask you one more question
Rasheeda for congress.com is the website
everybody Rasheeda for congress.com and
if you want to donate at blue dot-com /
donate / JD Rasheeda as in Justice
Democrats and get involved or schita for
congress.com / get involved volunteering
and a small dollar donations for
uncorrupted candidates make a giant
difference Rasheeda last question real
quick is why you instead of the five
other Democrats look I'm not gonna sell
out I say this to people and and I
really am sincere about it I stood up
against environmental pollutants even
when my Democratic colleagues told me to
back off when they bring in tar sands
and dummy and petroleum coke on the
riverfront and saying to me that it's
not toxic and we having to actually get
it independently tested to show the
state and others that yes it creates
cancer and it yes it needs to be removed
immediately
I won't waver there's so many people
that waver and we're tired of the
sellouts I can't even tell the
difference between Democrats and
Republicans these
because they bow down to the banks they
bow down to the big environmental the
the the kind of corporate polluters that
I've seen growing up just I'm really
sick and tired of it my father had two
forms of cancer and should not have had
to face that kind of pain and suffering
because our public officials didn't
stand up for the right thing and so I
promise to people and it's something
that is just in my core that I just
won't waver on things that I think are
important and fair access to a better
quality of life for the residents in the
13 congressional district Rashidah Talib
coming strong straight out of Michigan
all right that's Democrat from the
thirteenth district thank you we
appreciate you
you
