when somebody disrespects our flag for
our great national anthem you're
disrespecting our flag and you're
disrespecting our country with the whole
world watching tell President Putin
would you denounce what happened in 2016
and would you warn him to never do it
again some others they said they think
it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia
I will say this I don't see any reason
why it would be I will tell you that
President Putin was extremely strong and
powerful in his denial today this
respect in the military huh remember
that the thing that Trump and his band
of willfully blind Patriots said when
black athletes exercised their First
Amendment right to protest police
brutality you know the issue that had
absolutely nothing to do the United
States military one specifically is
police brutality there's people being
murdered unjustly and not being held
accountable but yet they claimed it
disrespected them well let me ask you if
that's disrespectful what do you call it
when the president of the United States
you know the guy who preached America
first decided to hold a press conference
glorifying a dictator while spitting in
the face of US intelligence what do you
call a man who claimed to be the Mel
Gibson of Patriots fan bowing out
blushing at the sight of someone whose
agents attacked the u.s. undermining
every single American in this country
President Putin was extremely strong and
powerful isn't that disrespect in the
military the people who put their life
on the line to protect this country and
it's democracy isn't that disrespecting
the flag and this is a question even
some of the always Trump's those are
asking why in the face of overwhelming
evidence that Russia attacked u.s.
democracy that they ever saw bullish and
patriotic president cave-like his omni
called him a wet noodle
I mean you stood there like a little wet
noodle why was Trump so hesitant so
scared to confront Vladimir Putin on the
issue at hand after holding a
closed-door meeting of what I can only
imagine was a two-hour game of beer pong
Trump emerged like a man reading from a
script' downplaying the assessment of
the US intelligence community that
Moscow mounted an effort to help him win
the presidency in 2016 not to mention
you of course blasted the American
news media by ste FBI in the Special
Counsel investigation into Russian
election meddling and suggested that
Putin was more credible than his own
Director of National Intelligence who
has accused Russia of mounting an
unprecedented influence campaign in 2016
but I guess that isn't disrespectful to
law enforcement right yeah that's that's
not at all I mean not like the sheer
nerve but black man thinking he can
speak out against police brutality in
this great nation
I mean sure black people are
two-and-a-half times more likely to be
shot and killed by police while unarmed
but how dare you inform people of that
reality we don't want the truth we just
want to stand and sing our national
anthem yellow one the other one once
again this proves that the maggot levels
who claim to hold this nation and its
people in the highest regard America
first could not care less about the
rights and freedoms of their fellow
citizens
their patriotism has always been a race
infused sense of nationalism because
Trump calls black people sons of bitches
when they dare push back against
systemic injustice and demonizes
Mexicans and Muslims that makes him a
patriot when in reality he has no clue
about putting America first but clearly
he knows how to put Putin first
