a few weeks ago on The Young Turks I
addressed my former colleague Dave Rubin
he was someone I considered a close
friend for years until he completely
blindsided me with his anti progressive
TYT bashing world tour following his
departure from TYT Network for years I
avoided addressing his lies on-air to be
honest we were such close friends that I
thought things would somehow get better
but I made the mistake of thinking he
was an honest actor and that the TYT
bashing would stop but I was wrong I
noticed that he had this habit of
inviting someone on his show to say the
most controversial things and he would
never challenge them and that was an
ongoing pattern Mike Stern avec milo
gianopolous and other questionable
characters made regular appearances on
his show and Reuben just let them say
whatever they wanted without any
pushback now to be clear I'm not opposed
to interviewing these people Joe Rogan
has all sorts of controversial people on
his podcast and I find it fascinating
the difference is that Rogan sometimes
engages in the conversation and doesn't
let people go unchallenged Reuben had
found a way to profit off lying about
TYT
in addition to providing a platform for
the alt-right so I finally had enough he
was lazy when he worked here he's lazy
now with his ridiculous show where he
proves time and time again that he
doesn't know anything and why do I know
he's lazy why did he really leave the
Young Turks can I please finally tell
the truth about why he left the Young
Turks he wanted to make a six-figure
salary to host a 30-minute a week show
when everyone here you know because we
work for an independent news company was
getting paid far less while working
12-hour days that's why Dave Rubin left
the company and now all of a sudden he's
getting funded by the Koch brothers and
all of a sudden his opinions are very
different he has no political identity
he is not an honest actor he is not an
intellectual he is a fraud plain and
simple it didn't take long for critics
to accuse me of throwing stones
considering TYT secured some investment
money last year but the glaring
difference is that no one at TYT
underwent a complete 180 in their
ideology after securing the funding
investors have no editorial control you
might disagree with my views or think my
presentation style is too progressive or
aggressive or unsavory at times I think
those criticisms can be valid and it's
my responsibility to learn and do better
when I'm wrong but my motivation is to
do the right thing and tell the truth I
know better than anyone else that
sometimes I make mistakes but I can
confidently say that my political views
are never influenced by a profit motive
that same cannot be said about Dave
Rubin he has partnered with learn
Liberty which is funded by the Koch
brothers in addition to Prager
University and boom he's suddenly a
libertarian thinker my accusations about
him being lazy are evident in his lack
of intellectual curiosity which
translates to a level of ignorance on a
wide variety of issues and before you
keyboard warriors start furiously
accusing me of ad hominem attacks I have
examples here's Rubens stumbling and
bumbling on Joe Rogan's podcast the
government doesn't do anything good name
one problem you could possibly have in
your life Joe Rogan that you'd be like
get me get the government to solve this
did they do the post office well no what
like what do they do well they do the
post office pretty good ashlar but guess
what if a post office closed tomorrow
it'll be all right you'd still get mail
get Amazon pick no it wouldn't Amazon
was through ups it would cost a lot more
it wouldn't though competition would
start kicking in and between UPS and
FedEx and Amazon and drones and blah
blah blah and DHL they'd all start would
probably drop prices because right now
we've just got this artificial thing
that sits there that then allows them to
price according to that Wow
that was pretty incredible Amazon isn't
its own shipping company and is able to
offer its quickly shipped products
anywhere in the country because of a
contract it has with say it with me the
USPS otherwise known as the Postal
Service according to Bloomberg the USPS
is charged with delivering to every home
in business in America no matter how
remote and they can only charge what
Congress allows increases in price
require approval since they
USPS ships packages and mail at
affordable prices that actually lowers
the cost of shipping for businesses like
UPS and FedEx because they have to
compete
Reuben made it seem as though getting
rid of the post office with lower prices
for its competitors but even without
Congress controlling prices getting rid
of the post office would get rid of
competition that would not lower prices
and remote parts of the country wouldn't
get packages shipped to them anyway it
didn't take long for Reuben to
contradict himself on the same podcast
so I have three chickens right now we
had I'm gonna give you a good UPS story
we ordered them they were born in August
on a Monday in Cleveland they hatched
that day they threw him in a box with a
little hole USPS and they showed up at
my door in LA on a Tuesday the USPS has
been doing that for about it's the only
way you can do it by the way you can't
order chickens through any other method
okay look libertarians can make some
smart thought-provoking arguments time
to time especially when it comes to
foreign policy I feel like they deserve
someone more knowledgeable than Reuben
to represent them because quite honestly
that was embarrassing
here's another gem from Rogen's podcast
do you want the government to tell you
how to do all these things and all the
regulations that you got to have your
electric thing this far from this and
like the regulations like that for
construction are important though you do
have to make sure that people don't do
stupid but emission of a power lines
near a water line yeah there's a lot of
but I would put most of that on the
builders though they want to build
things that are good now I get hey
that's not true
listen people people are gonna corners
all the time like you have to have
regulations when it comes to
construction methods or people are gonna
give they cut regulate they cut corners
when there are regulations anyway they
do they would cut a lot more if there
weren't regulation I'm not to the third
world countries and look at construction
methods they're in dangers yeah that's
why schools collapse on kids in foreign
countries sometimes Rubin purchased a
newly constructed 1.5 million dollar
home a few years ago turns out selling
your soul has its advantages perhaps
he's not worried about his property
collapsing but the building codes that
he's complaining about will prevent
shoddy electrical wiring from turning
that 3,000 square foot home into a pile
of
Reuben also teamed up with the
ultra-conservative Prager University
and continued cashing in on spreading
lies and propaganda about progressives
progressives used to say I may disagree
with what you say but I'll fight to the
death for your right to say it not
anymore
banning speakers whose opinions you
don't agree with from college campuses
that's not progressive right
banning speakers is it progressive in
fact multiple progressives have
condemned banning speakers on college
campuses the progressives here at TYT
whom he claims to dislike for being anti
free speech have discussed this multiple
times but Rubin will never admit that
because he's a one-trick pony who keeps
trotting around the country with the
same tired talking points guys I had
conservative professors I had liberal
professors it's okay it's okay look I'm
an agnostic I have never ever wanted to
shut down
a religious person from speaking you
can't say no to ben shapiro like you
know like you don't agree with ben
shapiro but you gotta let the guy the
guy gets to speak there's no question
that he gets to speak i don't even care
about having an coulter is deeply
unpopular right like deeply unpopular so
let her go share her deeply unpopular
ideas using the reactions of college
students to generalize about
progressives is pathetic and also
insanely dishonest
he's also dishonest about how much he
values free speech last september he
spoke about free speech at harvard and
in that same month whistleblower chelsea
manning was removed as a visiting fellow
at harvard precisely because of backlash
from the CIA a government agency so this
is the perfect dave rubin story free
speech college campus government
pressure to stifle free speech it has it
all but silence from rubin and that's
just one example of silence from you
Reuben because if you can't profit off
of crying about free speech he won't
speak about it then there are the more
ironic claims made by Reuben the battle
of ideas has been replaced by a battle
of feelings and
outrage has replaced honesty kind of
like your dishonest
outrage about the left supposedly
hindering your speech rights think about
it he's made a career out of being
outraged over the outrage Ruben often
projects and accuses the left of doing
what he does on a regular basis for
example according to Alex Klein of the
daily campus Ruben declares that all
decent people must fight extremes by
judging people as individuals and not as
groups and then in another video he
states it's official leftism is a mental
disorder
political commentator David Pakman even
called him out on it
you said innocent in an interview with
Ben Shapiro that liberalism is basically
a mental disorder what did you mean by
that I don't think I said liberalism I
might have said progressivism
it's not surprising to me that he goes
back and forth it's not surprising to me
that he lies and spreads propaganda it's
not surprising that he has completely
flipped the switch on who he is as an
individual and what his political
beliefs are and all I ask is even if you
disagree with me politically that's fine
I want to have that conversation I want
to have that discussion as honest actors
but if you are someone who considers
yourself libertarian consider the fact
that Dave Rubin is a public figure who
represents you and he doesn't actually
genuinely believe in your ideology and
he's going around the country
embarrassing you and misrepresenting you
he's getting funded to do it which is
how he was able to buy that pricey home
I think it's time that we all expect
better and we demand honest actors when
it comes to political discussions and
political debates everyone I hope you
enjoyed my show no filter and I actually
film it every single Monday at 1:30
Pacific 4:30 Eastern so you can check it
out live on YouTube TV just search for
TYT networks YouTube TV channel or you
can check it out in podcast form on
iTunes later thank you so much for
watching and don't forget to check me
out on no filter
