why do you hate
seems that every day there's a new viral
racist this week the bus bigot in New
York joins patty in the gang so you know
what today I wanted to do something that
we bit different to highlight the brief
moments of light that shine amidst this
doubtless because while these instances
show deep-rooted bigotry that continues
to plague the country sometimes they
bring out the true patriots the ones I'm
going to call race Avengers start with
this man in this example an old-time are
freshly frustrated from her bowling game
being cut short decided to harass a
black child selling candy so before I go
further white white people in this
country continue to ask people of color
if they have permits I have a vendor
permit at Billy water across from the
bar seriously get a life a hobby if you
want to go around asking for permits go
work as a building site inspector and
leave everyone else alone but okay back
to our patriot witnessing this outright
harassment he stepped up and decided to
buy all of the kids candy proving the
old statement true that the only thing
that stops a bad person with a permit
fetish is a good person with the heart
the next race Avenger is this guy permit
Betty
you got another permit Betty here he
spotted another aspiring permit party so
he began filming her posing the question
that I asked myself every single time I
see one of these neighborhood know lives
why why do you go out of your way
wasting your own time that you could be
spending doing something else something
productive like get an ice cream or
something he'll get two scoops but why
do you want to harass people trying to
make a living
mad man in this example asked all the
right questions and as a result she
scurries
Oh where's she going where's she going
taking her bigotry somewhere else now
will this cure racism no but we need
more people like this to make racists
feel uncomfortable the more racist feel
emboldened to take their bigotry to the
streets and harass innocent people the
more we need bystanders to not stand by
but take a stand as dr. King said there
comes a time when silence is betrayal
and that our lives begin to end the day
we become silent about things that
matter and his daughter Bernice King
perfectly highlighted this message in a
tweet about the bigot in New York who
got no pushback by those around her when
she harassed a Muslim woman on a bus I
mean look at this dude in the headphones
gleefully giggling to himself as this
vile person unleashes vitriol again
using ice as a weapon
just because someone looks different to
her this is an example where we need
more race Avengers to speak for those
who feel voiceless so keep filming and
keep making racists uncomfortable
