Chuck Shumer did not show up for his own
Town Hall because he's afraid of
actually facing his constituents about
what a horrible leader he is so here's a
showing you video of it when we left
here's another woman getting up to give
her peace of mind to Chuck Schumer at
the Town Hall that he didn't show up for
our CEOs really
shiver and
lonely whatever
she just made a great point
she Maxine Waters called for the public
harassment verbally of truth the Trump's
cabinet pics become over the separation
of babies from their mother and the
horrible treatment of the immigrants
that Trump has ramped up and now whether
you agree or disagree with that that's
that's one thing but the bigger story is
that immediately Chuck Schumer and Nancy
Pelosi came out and condemned Maxine
Waters now what wouldn't happen is
Republicans doing that to someone of
their own they'll never do that and and
why because there's nothing to gain from
it nothing to gain Chuck Schumer gains
nothing do you think what Chuck Schumer
comes out and castigates Maxine Waters
for doing that that the Republicans are
gonna go oh thanks now Chuck now we'll
be reasonable with you now we'll let
chip Barack Obama appoint his Supreme
Court nominee no they get nothing for it
all it shows is that you're weak and
you're spineless and you'll roll over
for nothing with no payment just like
you rolled over on daca you got nothing
for daca same thing he got for
castigating Maxine Waters you gained
nothing by doing that it's a stupid
political move but it's why chuck was
chosen by wall street because he's
stupid and weak that's why they chose
Chuck Schumer he's because he's the
opposite of the leader so that's the
point she was making right there now
back to this woman's speech
they give
to try
so her question is have you been
pressuring senators corker who's leaving
have you been Prentice pressuring
Senator McCain who's dying if you've
been Pro who had been pressuring anybody
to flip
they just need one senator to flip
that's all they need and it doesn't look
like they're getting it doesn't she she
wants to know if Chuck Schumer is
pressuring these people well you know I
love these constituents who are speaking
of I mean they're making great points
yes the point about not whipping your
own senators fantastic point and then
this woman's making it even a better
point I think why don't we ever get
those guys across I mean we have Manchin
and Heidi Heitkamp and these guys always
crossing to help the Republicans we
can't get a single Republican to cross
over to to the right side Azen on an
important issue at the Supreme Court
that's pathetic I agree
right except but yours the leadership
because they whip their votes yes that's
exactly right so here's I want to show
you this there's an african-american
woman who gives a speech
she's getting cheers immediately hey how
come you're not doing more to support
african-american women running for
Congress
why are you doing more to support women
running for Congress great point
so she asked point-blank what are you
doing to reach out to african-american
women and support that well he did reach
out to Maxine Waters and Catholic and
castigate her yeah so that's that's
another question he doesn't want to
answer because you know what his answer
is nothing I'm doing nothing absolutely
nothing
I will castigate Maxine Waters I'll do
that is there anything else you need me
to do for African Americans huh do you
want me to cut taxes for millionaires
again I can help do you want me to give
more money to the Pentagon is that what
African American women want we can do
that do you want to see you regulate
Wall Street again is that way African
American want I'm listening whatever
African American women want upchucked
uber what do they want do they what do
they want another corporate friendly
giveaway for a health care plan
what is women what do they want so
that's what's happening at Chuck
Schumer's town hall when Chuck Schumer
isn't there so this is not this is why
your finger at you for not voting for
Democrats anymore for not practicing the
lesser of two evils outing that's why
those people are assholes
that's why those people are the ones
responsible for Trump because that's
what gave us Trump voting for the lesser
of two evils since 1980 is what gave us
Trump Mike Dukakis Bill Clinton goddamn
Al Gore John Kerry the war monger
Hillary frickin Clinton Barack Obama who
at eight years then lost the presidency
to trump that's what an effective lefty
he was Barack Obama didn't do anything
he prepared the state of the space for
Donald Trump he made it possible by not
legit by legislating like a moderate
Republican now that's not that's beyond
a debate that Barack Obama legislated as
a moderate Republican that's not even up
for debate because he admitted it yeah
and you know to that point Jimmy I have
ten percent of people who voted for
Obama voted for Trump in 2016 and ten
percent
so that's like a twenty percent swing
with you know it sound like you just
lost the ten percent they went to other
side right that's a twenty point twenty
percent swing so when I hear people
criticize third-party voters right you
know Joe Stein I think got three million
votes like come back throughout the
whole country just the ten ten per
sentence by sixteen six million votes
because Obama got about sixty five
million so ten percent of that six
million votes away from the Democrats to
the Republicans that's a huge swing
that's that's reason why Trump won well
I think that might be one of these one
of the maybe one of the reasons I think
the big reason was that the failure of
Hillary Clinton to get those Bernie
Sanders supporters to vote for her her
fault it's not those voters faults
you're not really saying that it's the
voters fault no I'm not I'm just saying
I'm just about to kick you off the show
no no the point is I'm budgeting your
point that Barack Obama had he
legislated not as a moderate Republican
those people are supported yes hardy but
they left the parties for the other side
because they felt abandoned by that
right that's the point hey I hope you
enjoyed this clip there's a whole hour
and a half of aggressive progressives
waiting for you at the Young Turks
Network become a member and get access
to all the content
