joining us right now is Jerry Ashton he
is the co-founder and executive vice
president of our IP medical debt that's
fascinating Jerry welcome to the show
I'm very honored to be here Shane thank
you so much thank you brother well
you've done some amazing things so it's
honor to have you here so tell us about
what what your organization does because
it is astounding
well our IP medical debt are sometimes
called rip medical death as a 501 C 3
that was created four years ago this
month in order to locate donors who
would help us go to the debt market to
buy medical debt and once we had the
medical debt in our possession we
forgave it what so but yeah we forgive
what we're known as predatory givers so
now a lot of times people will buy debt
pennies on the dollar and then use
excruciating tactics to make sure they
get paid that they get paid and maybe
get paid a lot more than what they paid
for it whereas you guys just get rid of
the debt you say okay you're free to go
so just listen to your show a little bit
earlier and you mentioned a lady a
fellow whose mother was going through
trials and tribulations with breast
cancer and the real concern wasn't
really the fight with cancer but the
devastation that would follow when the
medical bills showed up so as a former
bill collector in fact 40 years of bill
collecting this year I was always anti
abusive techniques or coercive
techniques to get people to pay and I
was always a rebel in my own industry
now I became semi-retired and Kraig
antique on my co-partner and CEO we
decided as rebels in our world to turn
the tables so now what we do is we get
to call people up or we get to write
them letters and let them know that that
bill will no longer be on their credit
report no longer be owed all right
that's amazing and so it makes sense
that you're a treble head
being the rebels that you are so let me
understand the process better because
it's really interesting so first of all
who is actually paying the debts well
the good news is we have donors if it
weren't for the donors we wouldn't have
anything to do no don't show up because
of people like you people that will give
us an opportunity to be shown if people
don't know about you they can't do
anything about you so what happens is
that our approach is a very simple one
it's amazing what a penny can do one
penny will buy $1 worth of debt $10 do
the math and what's interesting for us
is that every one of these pennies and
every one of these dollars really count
and then the big donors have come in and
organizations and groups and said look
at we want to do more than that we want
to run a campaign so for about $15,000
we were able to abolish 1 million
dollars for the medical debt that's what
we do so we let me understand that
better if is it because they that these
debts are hard to collect that you could
actually go and literally like say okay
this person owes $100 but I'm gonna give
you $1 and then the people go okay at
least I get $1 and then they give you
the mother debt to collect well here's
here's the care terrible scenario first
of all you get sick you go to the
hospital that hospital treats you you go
home at the time that you're treated you
might even have insurance you might have
money in the bank so you wouldn't
qualify for their charity so what
happens is that when they start calling
you and they can't get you to pay at
least not pay the full amount they then
use third party collection agencies
they'll do that for close to a year or
so when the collection agencies don't
collect the money they have been
approached by debt buyers who will buy
debt in bulk so if they walk into a
hospital say I see I see you have a
hundred million dollars for the unpaid
bills there I'll give you a million
dollars
you know if you're the money guy in a
hospital that million dollars is going
to take care of payroll it's gonna buy
some equipment you look at a hundred
million dollars of pain less anything
out there
1 million dollars that's going to help
you it's very tempting and about 30% of
all hospitals will sell their debt now
what's that debt is in the hands of the
debt buyer it becomes exactly as you
said months years of attempts to collect
on that debt and they will do so even
past the statute of limitations
depending on the state because their job
is to make money they bought that debt
and if they bought that that $5,000 bill
for 50 bucks they're not going to call
you up and ask for $55 to make a profit
they want the full five thousand so when
we go into the debt market we compete
with collection agencies or building or
people in that world so that when we buy
it we let them know very clearly once we
have that in our hands we're eliminating
that debt now why are we doing that the
same reason that that person was worried
about his mother 15 million people go
insolvent every year 60% because of
medical debt another 60% go bankrupt and
other ones who go bankrupt
70% of these people had insurance so
obviously there's something deeply wrong
with the system because we're sweeping
up after the parade and it's a terrible
parade it's going to stop so I want to
give people the website here because I
want to make sure they've got it
and then explain this concept one more
time real quick
so it's our AP medical debt org our IP
medical debt org and if you want to
donate our IP medical debt org slash
donate so if you give a hundred bucks
they can use that to wipe out ten one
thousand dollars worth of debt that's
amazing that's amazing okay so now let's
talk about the people on the receiving
end how do you pick them and then how do
you tell them the news this
the toughest part of our job is reading
the email to the letters that come in to
us begging for help we buy in bulk just
like a debt buyer does so we buy
millions of dollars at a time
we can't help individuals so I want the
your viewer to realize that if they have
a particular problem at this moment we
can't help them
we're intending to in the future we've
got over 5,000 mails 5,000 letters from
people saying please help me we're
aggregating those now what was your
question
yes so that's how you find them right
that because you got you bought them in
bulk so those are the guys that that
whose deaths are gonna be forgiven then
the second part of the question was how
do you let them know and what's their
reaction well first of all the even then
they have to qualify we don't just take
the debt and forgive it what we do is we
run it through some metrics just like a
hospital would but in our case it they
have to be two times the poverty level
or below they have to be insolvent
meaning that their assets are less than
what they all or they're in hardship and
hardship that's the that's shown to be
putting more than 5% out-of-pocket cash
for medical bills of your annual income
now once we qualified them the letter
goes out and depending on who the
sponsor is it could be a radio station
the TV station it could be the fireflies
a baseball team it could be a Brewing
Company in Wyoming that's going to
donate $300,000 to us to get rid of
thirty million dollars for the death
when those letters land you can imagine
what people think they love it we get
wonderful stories about them yeah that's
good
it's like Santa Claus coming in the
middle of the year ago and Congrats you
don't have that hanging over your head
anymore your debts council and a softer
credit report the most important thing
about it is that credit reports linger
on even though you can't pay you're
paying more for credit cards you may not
get that job you may not rent that
apartment all because of an illness do
you understand that all of your viewers
right now there are one illness
accident away from being wiped out
financially and this system is so brutal
the we shouldn't need an organization
like yours we should have Medicare for
all we should actually give health care
to our citizens but you're still getting
rid of my job may it happen yeah it's
the same thing as a wolf pack wolf pack
wants to get money out of politics we
want to make sure that we go you know
make sure that the organization doesn't
exist after we accomplish our mission
right just work yourself out of a job
that's right one last quick thing I do
want it we there's a lot of times we
have to unfortunately tell people about
things that corporations are doing wrong
but I do want to give credit where
credit is due can you just tell us a
couple of your bigger donors that have
done good work here well let me see NBC
donated one hundred fifty thousand
dollars in order to have their Elevens
stations owned across the country give
away help us abolish 50 million also the
debt we have a major donor in Florida
who's planning to make a big name and
splash not for himself but to a draw
attention to this travesty called
medical debt and he will donate 1.4
million dollars before this year is out
that's a hundred and forty million
dollars yes that is a number we've so
far we've abolished 112 120 million
dollars of their debt was one person
it'll be a hundred and forty million
more okay and and you could do your part
as well and feel great about it
all right Jerry Jerry thank you so much
for joining us really appreciate it
thank you for setting this group up
doing God's work we appreciate it
