Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to TYT dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts an
analysis of political ads leading up to
the November midterm elections indicates
that quite a lot of money is coming from
right wing organizations tied to the
Koch brothers and a lot of these ads are
being funded by dark money so this is
based on data that was analyzed by USA
Today the data was provided by cantor
media data and they looked into these
ads who's funding them and what they
found is that overwhelmingly the ads are
funded by Americans for Prosperity and
concerned veterans for America those two
organizations are deeply tied to the
Koch brothers and so let me give you
some of the numbers to kind of give you
a sense of how prevalent this is in the
ads that you're seeing throughout the
country secret donors financed more than
four out of every ten television ads to
influence the midterm elections and of
course they're high stakes congressional
elections the two coke affiliated groups
account for more than one-quarter 25% of
the House and Senate advertising from
groups that don't disclose their donors
so these are groups that get away with
you know the dark money that funds their
activities also Americans for Prosperity
and concerned veterans for America have
trained their advertising fire on five
Democratic senators up for re-election
from red and purple states so these are
Democratic lawmakers who are running
tight races and leaders lead but
Democrats cower in fear and that's what
we're seeing from these Democrats who
think that it's a better strategy to
attempt to appeal to right-wingers as
they're being bullied by the Koch
brothers to do it instead of actually
fighting for progressive values that
might actually get them reelected
because if you're a right winger in that
state or in that district why would you
want to vote for conservative light when
you can vote for the conservative
candidate and unfortunately it seems
like they're caving in to some of this
pressure look Harry Reid was
it was not a lion in fighting if you ask
me although sometimes hilariously on TV
they would say that who Harry Reid you
know he used to be a boxer is very tough
he but in the near the end of his career
he finally actually lasts how the Koch
brothers just a tiny bit he dipped his
toe in that water and the people on TV
were outraged joe scarborough mister i'm
tough on the government now that trumps
in charge was livid because he just come
back from a coke brothers retreat him
and mica had gone together and they'd
had a great time all paid for by their
friends right
and so they came back in they're like
how dare he attacked a beloved koch
brothers who've done so good things for
this country at my pocketbook so but
though and then then of course the rest
the democrats are like oh my god harry
reid got attacked that morning joe or on
television Trish are you kidding me all
of every single one of these Democrats
on those five states should run on look
at the corruption their dirty corrupt
Republicans bring in millions of dollars
in dark money who is if we don't even
know who it is
so now some of these groups you can
trace the group's yeah if you're
wondering what's the loophole that
prevents us from knowing what the donors
are there's this absurd thing that they
did which is very convenient for the
elite for the establishment for the
politicians when they said well they're
some of these groups are advocacy groups
that are non-political since they're
non-political they don't have to
disclose their donors but wait a minute
they're spending hundreds of millions of
dollars in political ads technically if
it's not saying vote for Joe Blow or
vote against you know Jane blue or
whatever right technically it's not
political the whole ads political it's
yeah 100 percent political it's centered
around an election a very specific
election of Democratic senators in red
states and but they go no I don't see it
I don't see it so they don't have to
disclose who their donors are they could
flood in all of this money and and by
the way the ads just seem like we just
call them ads and
we move on they're not ads there I'm
glad that you mentioned that there it's
propaganda so it's one thing if they're
running strong ads that are fact-based
right because that's one thing it's at
least it's an honest political ad even
if it's being funded by an organization
that has an agenda but these are just
complete lies complete propaganda I mean
look we see it all over the place you
see it on the right on the left but the
right gets away with it a lot more and
they're much better at messaging so but
the another important part of that is on
TV they give you this lie that elections
are a battle of ideas no they're a
battle of how many voters can you reach
because if you if both sides reach the
same amount of voters then it would be a
battle of ideas but here's a perfect
example in Caen in Kentucky when Mitch
McConnell was running for reelection in
the last two weeks he took all that
money and turn it into ads both him and
outside groups that have dark money etc
and they ran ads saying that he was in
favor of the the local health care plan
in Kentucky which was Obamacare okay it
was their version of Obamacare Mitch
McConnell has said a million times that
he's going to destroy and pulverize
Obamacare but when he came to the
election he lied to the people of
Kentucky and said I'm actually in favor
of local version of Obamacare there's a
total lie he's not in favor of it so the
voters didn't voting in terms of is
Mitch McConnell's ideas better or his
opponents ideas better know they were
lied to and told that that Mitch
McConnell actually supports health care
for them that's what the dark money
bought it bought ads to trick voters and
then they go well I mean Republicans
keep winning elections so even though
the polling indicates nobody likes their
ideas on any of the issues they must be
popular no they never heard the right
opinions they got lied to by all those
ads what do you think the ads do and yet
TV pundits go on there and go but
Republicans keep winning why do you
think they're winning because they're
spending billions of dollars to lie to
the voters and if you have billion
dollars you will reach a lot more voters
and that's why they're doing this and
it should be totally unacceptable to us
that there's dark money
dark money buying off our politicians
wolf dash pack.com I don't care if it's
Soros I don't care if it's the Koch
brothers Soros I want to get into more
of the numbers genkai because yes we
need to get money out of politics but if
you look at the top contributors to this
kind of activity it's not you know you
don't see a lot of left-leaning
individuals and so it's look it's a full
assault in every single way from the
Koch brothers right they they are
funding you know sham organizations that
go into college campuses and spread
propaganda you know about conservative
ideas and how the left is trying to
destroy them and destroy the country you
have all these you know propaganda ads
being fun by the Koch brothers by the
Koch brothers you have the Koch brothers
going into college campuses and spending
a considerable amount of money on
science programs in an effort to skew
the education in those college campuses
I mean they're they're doing it all over
the place and to be quite honest with
you I don't know what to do to fight
back other than get the money out of
politics right you gotta get an
amendment man I know Chang but in the
meantime I like know in the meantime you
keep losing so anyone who thinks look
that the way that you can actually break
through is just like we did with the
Justice Democrats and just like Bernie
Sanders did in 22nd 2016 and we can do
it again in the rest of this 2018
election in 2020 but we must win those
elections if we don't if a progressive
Democrat doesn't win in 2020 we're done
the the window keeps closing on us it
keeps closing they've spent 26 percent
more and dark money this time than they
did into 2014 midterm elections next
time it'll be 26 percent more or 50%
more they've already killed net
neutrality and the window keeps closing
there's crushing our democracy right in
front of our eyes the dark money if
you're a conservative you're a
right-winger how do you know that source
or Bloomberg isn't doing the dark money
how do you know that they don't have a
liberal agenda that they're buying off
the elites with why would you be in
favor of dark money how do you know it's
not the Chinese how do you know it's not
the Saudis
how do you know any of that it's dark
you can't tell who's buying off our
politicians and this system which is
clearly insane is treated as if it's
perfectly normal on television and the
mainstream media in fact it's rewarded
who raise the most amount of money
they're the most legitimate candidate no
the person who raises the most amount of
money often times nine out of ten times
is the one who's more corrupt yesterday
I had somebody on rebel headquarters he
actually is the Democrat that's going to
be running in a state assembly seat
state assembly 71 and so the Democratic
Party came up to him they like Oh we'd
like to flip that seated as a Republican
incumbent here's what you need to do go
raise money from RJ Reynolds and Philip
Morris he's like I don't raise money
from corporate PACs they're like that's
okay you raise it they give it to the
Democratic Party and then we funnel it
back to you he's like no that's legal
money laundry I'm not gonna do that
right no like what do you mean because
the corruption is so deep-seated in both
parties if you have a system built on
private financing of course they're
gonna work for private interests we
gotta have public financing we got to
get the money out wolf dash pack.com we
gotta fight like hell between now and
2020 and otherwise the window closes on
our democracy two easy ways for Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
