Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to TYT dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
stormy Daniels the adult actress who is
taking Donald Trump to court has been
arrested and then the charges against
her were dropped after she was
performing at a strip club in Ohio
apparently a law was broken when one of
the patrons had touched her while she
was performing there so Ohio has some
strict laws regarding adult performers
and the amount of distance they have to
keep from patrons or audience members so
in this case as a dancer she's not
supposed to allow anyone to touch her at
all but as part of her act there is some
touching going on intimate touching so
Daniels had faced three misdemeanor
counts of illegally touching a patron so
under this Ohio law that was passed in
2007 an employee who regularly appears
nude or semi-nude at a sexually oriented
business is prohibited from touching
patrons except for family members which
I thought was interesting so if there
was a family member there who had
touched her that way she wouldn't have
to worry about any type of you know laws
being broken but since she doesn't
perform in Ohio regularly she was just
there to visit and do a one-time quick
performance the the prosecutors decided
to drop the case the city attorney
dropped the case and said this is this
is not a big deal do two parts of this
story one is the the horrific crime that
was committed and the other is whether
it was a political that they went after
her so let me describe the crime because
we were a little vague there there were
three detectives in the strip club
making you wonder what they were doing
in the strip club in the first place
that'll be part of the second part of
the story and they said that they
observed that she kept motorboating the
people she was giving lap dances to so
this is where CNN picks up the story the
three detectives approach the stage hmm
okay they're like wait this is a very
serious crime let's get involved okay so
they sat there
they say they alleged that she allegedly
made her way towards two of the
detectives and shoved each of their
faces between her breasts hmm that does
seem like a very serious crime and then
force forced officers couldn't do
anything about it man they mean she they
were overpowered forced to officer's
head between her breasts and smacked the
officers face with one of her breasts mm
okay well I mean that's that sounds I
mean it's not only inappropriate touch
me I might even an assault by breasts
okay I'm gonna ask a question and this
might come across as you know a
sarcastic question but it's actually a
serious question um isn't that what's
supposed to happen at strip clubs so
different states have different laws and
different amount of touching that is
allowed and it's by the patrons or by
the dancer
okay so almost none of them allow for
touching of the genitals okay
they're right and some are nude some are
semi nude and some allow the dancers to
do the thing with the breasts and some
do not allow it right let me understand
something in the state of Ohio patrons
who decide to visit a strip club mm-hmm
are not allowed to touch the stripper
even if the dancer even if the dancer is
consenting to it and comfortable with it
and one oh no they touch as in they do
the lap dance okay well you're not
allowed to use your hands okay I hear
from friends then and then she is not
necessarily in states like Ohio I was
supposed to rub her breasts on you right
on the other hand she use a lot of
rubber ass on you because that's kind of
the whole point of the lap dance lap
dances still happen yeah it's
preposterous okay I the whole thing's
preposterous okay but the fact that
we're wasting taxpayer money doing a
political actual witch hunt in this case
right is the most outrageous part of it
so was it that they were doing a sting
operation they asked that they were just
randomly happened upon stormy Daniels
well they actually asked the police
department police departments like well
I mean we done summarized similar to
this and but going back to the fall the
fall the fall of last year so oh you did
a cut one or two arrests
some point this was and and then so you
go to the strippers or the dancers of
this whatever they're strippers and
dancers at this club they asked them how
so have the cops been in here recently
doing this kind of thing she's like one
of the dancers like no I haven't seen a
cop in two and a half years they said
like nope they just came in for stormy
Daniels they got what stormy Daniels was
offering which was the motive yes very
happy about the motorboating situation
and then pretended to be outraged and
arrested her I mean couldn't those cops
just enjoy the situation for what it was
because it was consensual thanks for the
mammaries and let's move on I've been
dying to tell that joke all day okay Ken
hey well done that's it that was one of
the breast puns I've ever heard two easy
ways for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
