so there's a fascinating new study out
it was done by Iowa State University and
it tracked how women react to
quote-unquote
benevolent sexism now is that even a
thing well let's find out first
let me quote here women tend to be more
attached to men who view females as pure
and nurturing but also weak and needing
extra care an attitude that has been
named benevolent sexism that's a
conclusion of a new study published in
Personality and Social Psychology
Bulletin it's a real study okay now one
study doesn't mean it's the end all be
all but it is a fascinating conclusion
and and and I'm not overly surprised by
it to be honest with you there's an
extra twist for feminism in a second
okay but let me give you more details in
the study benevolent sexism sexist men
were described as believing that women
should be cherished and protected by men
and should be helped before men in
emergency situations
they were also described as giving their
coat to a woman in the cold and opening
doors for her whereas the men who were
not sexist in that definition and and by
the way the people who did the study do
not agree with the term benevolent
sexism they're like look that's just
what's used in common parlance but we
don't believe that those people are
necessarily quote unquote sexist now the
ones that are egalitarian the men who
argue latarian said no you know I don't
need to open a door we could share the
bill etc etc and apparently women didn't
like that as much Hey look facts are
facts whether they're inconvenient or
they're not inconvenient yeah we should
never make the same mistake as the right
wing I don't like those facts I'm just
gonna ignore them I'm gonna call them
fake news right okay now speaking of
inconvenient one last one here feminist
women were as likely as non feminist
women to prefer benevolent sexist men
over more egalitarian men drums yeah
that is wrong okay I have my thoughts
but I like your more relevant here
because you're a woman and you yeah you
know you have dealt with a lot of men
who are in that range what's your take I
think this is fake news I'm just kidding
actually my thoughts on this are
complicated okay so I do identify as a
feminist however I do get a lot of
backlash from other women who identify
as feminist because I do think that men
and women are biologically different I
think thank you I know look I love
femininity
I love being feminine and I love wearing
high heels I love doing things that you
know some feminists reject so the reason
why I'm pointing this out is because
there are a lot of variations among
feminist ideology okay and so I actually
am attracted to things that okay I give
you an example so I don't ever want to
be considered mentally or or when it
comes to intellect I don't want to feel
as though the man that I'm with is is
putting me down and thinking that I'm
inferior in that regard however
physically speaking
yeah I'm weaker so I'll give you an
example two years ago yeah two years ago
as I was hiking with my husband at
Runyon Canyon in Los Angeles a man
physically assaulted me he came up to me
I was filming him because he started
getting violent with my husband right
and I'm filming him on my phone and I
told him I'm filming you with the hopes
that he would stop and then he
essentially ran up to me grab my phone
pushed me to the ground within seconds I
don't know how this happened but my
husband had his hand around his neck
pinned on the ground and told him give
her her phone back and that turned me on
I'm just right and so do I want to be
protected in situations like that yes
did my husband do that yes I don't know
if that's considered benevolent sexism
but I think we returned it is a weird
term and I do like chivalry right I I
also like equality of opportunity in the
workplace that's where my feminism
really is targeted but yeah it's
complicated feminism is complicated you
know gender dynamics and relationships
are complicated I think that we should
be
honest about that yeah so first of all
we covered that in a postgame that was
dramatic it t y-t-dot-com slash joined
to become a member get all the post kids
where we talk more about our personal
lives so it my take on this is is of
course unsurprisingly very similar to
yours in that to me what feminism means
and and why i would call myself
feminists as well is it's really really
simple same rights for men and women and
you could be open a door for a woman or
give her your coat and still believe
they should have equal rights i don't
think that those things have to
contradict one another by the way some
people on the left might and if you
think it's everybody on the left that's
just total right-wing propaganda oh
they're all crazy and they all think if
you open a door for them once they're
gonna you know shout at you and hate you
know and by the way I'm not saying that
nobody does that but I think it's a tiny
minority right so do I give my coat to
my wife if if she's cold of course of
course I do
by the way I'd give it to anyone who was
cold you know I give it to my kids I
give it to my friends if they were cold
and I'm not as cold right that's what a
decent human being should do and would I
protect my wife it said of course I
would and there's nothing wrong with
being strong being strong as fantastic
what's our slogan on The Young Turks too
strong right so you can do that and
still respect people yes exactly right
and and that should not be a hard
balancing act that should actually be
relatively easy the next thing that the
that the people who did this study want
to start look into next is our guys
faking it are some of them faking it and
our women recognizing that what does it
mean to fake benevolent sexism what it
means is they don't really think that
women are weaker and need to be more
nurtured but they some of them might be
doing it as a device to pick up women to
court women okay now I'll tell you and
and this might be controversial and
we'll talk about this in a postgame as
well I did that I adjusted my courting
habits of women because women want
strength
no question about it I don't think
there's any question about it but being
strong doesn't mean you have to be a
jerk right yeah I mean it depends on
what your definition of strength is and
I think that a lot of times it gets
misinterpreted as someone being a jerk
right so I'll tell that story in the
postgame TYT comm /join to become a
member to easy ways for young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
