let's go to our first guest Audrey Danny
she's back we talked to her when she had
a primary to run she ran it she won and
now she's in the general election Audrey
welcome back to rebel headquarters oh
thank you so much I'm so happy to be
here with you how are you great and I'm
happy to have you back
partly because you're a wonderful
progressive but also because on the
night of your election I predicted that
you would win and as we were covering
all about you totally 100% as you were
you were quote-unquote
losing in the beginning and I was like
wow I didn't see that coming I really
thought she was gonna win and then you
pulled up and won and so anyone who
proves me right is a friend of mine
wonderful and I won by like six and a
half points yes to a candidate who had
out fundraised me in the primary so that
felt pretty good
absolutely now in your general election
you appear to be out fundraising the
Republican incumbent yesterday was the
day that we crossed over the million
dollar mark and I'm Randy in
California's first district where no
Democratic candidate has ever raised
this kind of money and it just it feels
so so good I think when our quarter
three reports came out I had raised
about 900,000 he had raised about
800,000 the incumbent took about you
know all all of the almost two years
cycle to raise that much and I raised it
in ten months all from individuals most
of them who are from in my district
which feels really really incredible the
people in California's first are ready
for change and I couldn't be more
excited about it you're taking no
corporate PAC money you're just a
Democrat and and so that's all real
people that give you money and and in
his case do you know what percentage are
coming from small donors and what
percentage from large donors it was
about fifty to four percentage from
individuals for him and 97 percent from
individuals for me as of the quarter
three report that's to be fair that's
actually a better percentage for him
than the most Republicans in the country
and but obviously you're ninety-seven
percent a little bit better
that's a high eh I'll look at there it
is yeah look at that we're prepared my
campaign manager is the best now let's
talk about your policies now that is
traditionally a red district now you
pulled off upsets before in your
position to do it again so how do you
appeal to the voters in that district
while still being an uncorrupted
progressive yeah I'm a pretty unique
candidate I was a registered Republican
for 10 years I grew up on a conservative
family farm and so I really understand
that viewpoint and have a lot of empathy
for people with that viewpoint and so
when I'm able to have conversations
directly with voters or even in speeches
I can understand their perspective would
really ask questions and suspend
judgment to listen to the answer which
allows me to really see all sides of the
of the story and allows me to help
position the things that we're fighting
for in a way that that anyone can
understand them because they really are
these they shared common American values
right everybody wants health care
everybody wants a good education with
our kids everybody wants to take care of
veterans and safe infrastructure it's
just it's making sure that were we're
talking about it talking about all of
this use in a way that everyone can
understand in and here and I've seen
your ads where you've got former
Republicans or current Republicans
talking about how they're going to vote
for you a Democrat for the first time in
their lives etc so what is it about ylim
alpha that's turning some of those
Republican self in that district yeah
the thing that I hear time and time
again is that they don't feel like they
represent or he represents them they
really feel like he has been bought and
paid for like so many politicians in
Washington it's to the tune of over 1.3
million dollars in his tenure and they
really are starting to see how his
negative votes have hurt the real people
who lived in this district especially
his votes on health care and his votes
on the massive corporate tax giveaway
last last December and so people are
really starting to resonate with that
message and I think that's gonna be
enough to push us over but it is going
to be a very very tight race and every
vote will count is the number one issue
the the what we saw the end of that ad
no corporate contributions for you is is
that the main thing that's resonating no
corporate contributions and our
commitment to making sure every single
person gets health care are the two
things that are really really resonating
with people across the political
spectrum it's I was had a lifelong
conservative Republican in my office
this morning and he was he was like what
you know I tell me more about this
corporate money I don't think that that
sounds like something that I'm
interested in and I was like yeah yeah
this is it's because getting money out
of politics shouldn't be a left or a
right issue it should be it should be a
people issue right every single person
person should be concerned about the
fact that our elected officials are
working for people that aren't people
right they're working for corporations
in many cases and so we have to elect a
new generation of leaders who who says
no to that kind of financing until we
can get real and lasting I'm campaign
finance reform so it says in your
website the year for a whole child
approach what does that mean yeah so I
want to make sure that our schools are
places where were teaching all aspects
of the child and helping them become
productive engaged citizens in our
democracy I'm so much of Education right
now is is stifling because we're trying
to teach kids to the test and teachers
are winding up doing so much paperwork
that they don't actually have time to to
be creative and and individualize
content for for certain students and
when we give teachers the flexibility
that that they need to do their jobs
really well and then we compensate them
well we get amazing outcomes and so
especially up here my really rural
really poor district um my teachers are
are on the front lines of fighting
against generational poverty and trying
to be early intervenors into families
that have been playing with addiction
for generations and so we have to make
sure that they have their resources that
they need to to be successful and that
our funding structures for our schools
are set up for them there's so many
things to discuss in terms of your
policies and we talked about it last
time you're on to
about the crippling student debt and and
and you already mentioned healthcare etc
but I wanted to talk a little bit about
farming because I know that it's
particular to your district so did they
attack you for not being a farmer or
something when you actually were a farm
I don't I don't remember that I mean I
think they also I read that somewhere
but there are moments
yeah they don't I don't read the
Facebook comments or oh thank you
but I grew up on a family farm and my
family actually lost our farm in 2010 to
foreclosure and so I can really really
empathize with multi-generational family
farmers in my area who are struggling
right and who are having having a real
hard time making it pencil um the USDA
released a study that says 2018 is gonna
be the lowest for farm income across the
country in in 12 years and the tariffs
that the president has instituted is
that the word haven't have already
started to have really negative effects
on on my farmers and my communities and
our communities at large I mean just a
means which is what we call almonds in
my part of the world in one of my
counties and Tama County is almost two
hundred million dollars a year in that
commodity right and that's just one of
my counties and so the negative effects
of those tariffs are gonna be felt by
the farmers the farm workers and all the
way down to the community members cuz
those dollars will be invested back in
our communities so I'll do one last
thing a you know a lot of people working
full-time jobs in your district as well
as many districts live below the poverty
line and that's a shame for the whole
country that we should all be
embarrassed about that so what is the
Malthus proposal for fixing that and
what is your proposal for fixing that
the congressman's proposal for fixing
that is giving corporations and the
wealthiest among us massive tax breaks
and he believes that that those tax
breaks will create more jobs and trickle
down into the pockets of the people who
live here and he likes to cite the fact
that average north state families he
says are making $2,000 more
the tax bill or give me the keep $2,000
more and that's just ludicrous right the
average family in my district makes
around $50,000 a year for a family of
four that's what they make a year to
live off of and so my proposition to
make sure that people who are working
full-time aren't living under the
poverty line is making sure we've got a
federal $15 minimum wage and making sure
we're making a tax claim and a tax
structure that actually gives the
benefits to the middle class and the
working class and not to the richest
corporations and the richest among us
because once we actually get that money
back in the hands of the middle class
they can invest in themselves them in
their future with it
yeah when you say it that way it almost
sounds funny their plan for helping you
is to help corporations yeah hmm perhaps
it's just to help corporations that are
funding their campaigns
maybe that's the simpler explanation all
right Audrey Danny thank you for joining
us everybody check out audrey for
congress.com and remember small dollar
donations she's doing great there but
she needs more with three weeks left to
go because he's got his corporate
buddies coming in to help him and
obviously volunteering if you're up
there as well or phone banking anyone
can phone bank we've got we need to help
reach in our really rural areas and I'd
love anyone to jump on Audrey for
congress.com slash call they wanted to
phone make ever excellent Audrey Danny
strong as always thank you pleasure
you
