so everybody knows that Wolfpack is
finding you money out of politics we
believe that the best way to do that is
to do a convention and that is because
Congress is very unlikely to propose an
amendment unless they are pressured so
we go state to state and I've got some
good news and bad news for you guys
today as usual a roller coaster ride we
start in Massachusetts where we start
with a terrific news
we had our sponsor senator Jamie
Eldridge doing a fantastic job and I
always like to give credit to people who
are helpful and two state senators and
reps who are American heroes looking to
get money out of politics yes there are
good representatives in the world and
and we did something we've never done
before in Massachusetts and with the
help of other groups that I'm going to
tell you about we got through two
different committees man everything's
great we're in a good shape right and
more good news we had more co-sponsors
than we needed for a majority in the
Senate we're deathly gonna pass this
thing have you seen this movie before
well here comes common cause so this is
a group that claims to be progressive
they even say on our what's the website
that they're looking to get money out of
politics that's funny and tragic because
no one fights us harder to keep money in
politics maybe they think that that's
not their intent but they are fighting
against all conventions including one to
get money out of politics you want to
fight against the convention to get to
stop a balanced budget amendment great I
don't want a balanced budget remember
that's a conservative idea I don't agree
with it right why are you fighting our
convention to get money out of politics
they fight us harder than a Koch
brothers they find it harder than anyone
else and unfortunately they have
excellent lobbyists so all of our
volunteers work again in the state of
Massachusetts and not just Wolf Pack but
other groups as well flush down because
they went and talked to senator Eric
lesser and he was co-sponsor he was in
and they're like oh watch out Eric no
confessions are scary they lead to real
change don't do it don't do it so they
turn and they gut the bill they take the
convention out of it so now
Massachusetts has asked for the second
time for Congress to pretty please
proposed this amendment to get money out
of politics how
that working out have they proposed it
yet you ask them once before alright
that's the same National Congress that
is deeply corrupt that got their power
through this corrupt system and lo and
behold it turns out they're not going to
voluntarily change it shocking but oh
but I'm so glad you asked them pretty
please one more time I bet that works no
you call for a convention you put
pressure on them now common cause says
the professional way to do things is to
use lobbyists and gentlemanly kill your
bill in the middle of the night they say
that our volunteers are too aggressive
all right so I want to show you one of
our volunteers who worked in
Massachusetts his name is guy O'Donnell
he's a regular citizens you're gonna see
just like one of you guys he actually
cared a lot about getting money out of
politics didn't work in politics before
ever and but he just was a good American
citizen and wanted to help so here's his
story of how things went down in
Massachusetts name is guy O'Donnell I am
a volunteer for Wolf Pack here in
Holyoke Massachusetts I've been involved
with Wolf Pack for over four years now
last session I was state director so
this year we just got we got pretty far
we got to a Senate vote which is a lot
further than we got last session but for
the Senate vote we had a senator
introduced an amendment that gutted the
bill basically taking out the call for
an article five convention this was a
senator that I was close to
I've have canvassed for his reelection
campaign I've talked with him many times
about this he was on board with this
bill for the last couple years at least
and then within a couple days of the
vote he decided you do introduce his
amendment taking out the article five
convention because he was just terrified
of the article five convention all of a
sudden it was really discouraging
and it kind of hurt it we've put a lot
of work into this thousands of hours and
a lot of my own resources as well and to
have it go down that way we're a center
that I know and like I was the one that
really brought down the bill wasn't
great I'm a little heartbroken uh uh
hopeful for the next session okay look I
love that guy and I love all our
volunteers in Massachusetts and Maryland
and New Mexico and Hawaii and all the
places I've fought for years and years
to have a common cause lobbyists come in
and whisper sweet nothings into the ears
of the Senators hojo convention that's
real change you might actually get money
out of politics don't do it now look
it's not personal
the guys at common cause I'm sure
they're pleasant people if you met them
in the real world and and the Senators
who vote the wrong way they're not the
most of the times they're not bad people
but it doesn't help you you're still
doing the wrong thing and and so there's
got to be consequences and and what I
mean by that and let me be super clear
is we help our friends and and we defeat
the people who are against us that's the
whole point of the organization that's
kind of how politics works so for
example we put Antonia and we put
$50,000 into a Antonio Hayes campaign in
Maryland that's a lot of money for a
state Senate unless you know why because
he has voted to get money out of
politics he's voted for the free and
fair elections resolution he's a good
guy
senator Jamie eldritch that I just told
you about a Massachusetts wonderful guy
and proposed this and fought for it a
lot of great senators in Massachusetts
who gave rousing speeches about how we
got to get money out of politics and
vote of the right wing but then of
course all you takes is usually one like
a committee head or a head of the Senate
a head of the house etc and they talk to
a lobbyist and all of a sudden
hey what could I do well what here's
what you could do you could loose your
next election ass Representative
vallencourt
who voted against us in in New Hampshire
incumbents as the 1990s gone the person
who voted against us that ran against
Antonia Hayes she lost by 30 points gone
and for our friends we got nothing but
love for you and so we are going to get
this money out of politics one way or
another and common cause thinks they're
really really clever but I don't think
they are and I think they United we will
be able to get past this issue as well
they use and so they say well if you do
a convention they could propose any
amendment first of all they've lost on
all the facts they used to say well they
could take your convention idea and put
it together with a conservative
convention idea well all you need is 34
states to call for a convention and
right now Congress has counted more than
34 states they cannot put them together
so now you're being gratuitous now
you're attacking conventions that would
get money out of politics why because
you want to cuz you're already wrong on
the facts I debated them at a conference
recently but you put that up on online
and I'll give you where you could find
it in a minute and now they don't make
that point anymore because it's not true
you cannot combine two different issues
to have a convention
you can't put a conservative one and a
progressive one and by the way getting
money out of politics is not purely
progressive it's bipartisan ninety-three
percent of Americans agree and the
second part is they said well anything
can happen at a convention that's just
not true all I could happen at a
convention is you could propose an
amendment like Congress can propose an
amendment at the end of the convention
then you have to ratify you have to have
three-quarters of the states 38 states
ratify and you can't have anything
ratified if it's really liberal or
really conservative just keep it real
there's too many red states too many
blue states the only thing you can
ratify is one that we all agree on
getting money out of politics but they
won't let us do it through the states
and it's look it common causes the main
people who do it but why because they
have the Democratic Party leaders come
to them and go Nancy Pelosi hate
this idea all the Democratic leaders
hate this idea like oh no no no no no
that would give power to the people then
they could propose an amendment on their
own without us goddamn right that's
exactly what we want to do you take
power back it's supposed to be a
democracy Democratic Party hates this
and so when common cause says that the
leadership and Pelosi and Schumer don't
like it she's right because they want to
keep their power when they ask Nancy
Pelosi hey what is the reason why you
should be the leader of the Democrats in
the house she said I raise the most
money so if you take money out of
politics
there's no reason why Nancy Pelosi
should be leader so of course she clings
on to power and so all showed all the
corrupt leaders of the Democratic Party
and I got to hand it to them when they
want to fight it turns out they could
fight they maintained everyone to fight
Republicans I mean they'll lay down
again on the Supreme Court on every
other issue but when it comes to
fighting real progressives although I go
wait a minute wait a minute it's about
my power so then they mount up and they
get every lobbyist and they get their
common cause guys unfortunately all
right look I believe we're gonna change
all these minds and these hearts and
we're going to do it one way or another
okay but our good friends in the unions
a lot of them are on the wrong side well
I give money to politicians too yes but
I don't know if you know this
corporations have a lot more money than
you so keep on losing and see how that
turns out for you so if you want to find
out more let me give you some resources
literally wolf dash pack.com /resources
tells you everything you need to know
about a convention so you could fight
back against the propaganda of the
powerful the elite the establishment
common cause groups pretending to be
progressive but keeping money in
politics and if you want to see my
debate with representative common costs
from New Mexico we just recently had it
at a convention put together by American
promise I really appreciate that they
had that public debate and I appreciate
common cause showing up to that DB you
can watch it yourself it's on
youtube.com slash tyt but it's also on
wolf dash pack.com slash howl that's
their daily blog for Wolf Pack and just
check out the video for yourself and see
who you think is right okay make up your
own mind it's unedited you watch
the whole video see for yourself okay we
have the facts on our side almost every
single group well it's the Justice
Department the American Bar Association
Congressional Research Service every
single one of them says you cannot
combine issues it must be on a single
issue so when groups on the Left fight
conventions on the issue getting money
out of politics it is not because of
anything related to do with
conservatives or fighting the right wing
it's just simply not true it's not
remotely true and now they know it but
they keep saying it anyway and then when
I say hey I questioned if you really
want to get money out of politics a like
oh how dare you I beseech you to stop
why what are you doing
you're literally no other group we
defeated the Koch brothers in New Jersey
when we passed it that was actually
relatively easy but when the Democrats
come and man the Democratic legislators
a lot of times they run for the hills
and that is hard so if we need to fight
the Democrats damn right we will you
want to fight the Republicans damn right
we will we're gonna fight anyone in our
path and we're gonna do it the right way
we're gonna do it through politics we're
gonna do it through our Constitution and
we're gonna win now good news we're not
alone there's a lot of great groups that
want to work on this and we propose the
unity letter at that same conference I
was telling you about that American
promise put together and a lot of
wonderful groups who want to get money
out of politics this have signed on to
it you could read the letter for
yourself at wolf dash pack.com slash
unity and you know what it says it says
I know it's a radical idea we should try
every avenue to get money out of
politics can you believe that they
actually disagree with that they said no
no no no no no don't do the one that's
actually most effective do you know that
half the amendments to the Constitution
have been passed because there was
pressure for my costume on article five
convention the Congress is 17th
amendments Biggs at best example direct
election of senators hey why would the
Senators want to change a system where
they just get picked by the state guys
we led to incredible corruption but
that's how they got into power they
would they didn't want to do that a
couple of states away from calling a
convention and all
sudden senators like oh yeah yeah we met
direct election conventions put pressure
on Congress that maybe even Congress
could propose it but the Democratic
leadership goes no I don't want that I
might lose my power Republican
leadership at the national level says I
don't want that I might lose my power
and Common Core says how can I help you
maintain your power and not get any
change at all anyway but look now let me
move on to the good guys
so who signed the unity letter saying
yes we should pursue every single path
Wolfpac of course initiated the letter
and they did a wonderful job with that
but let me talk to you about the other
groups that are involved then you had
American promise
look they brought these folks together
to in the first place at the kanata at
the conference that I went to recently
they did a wonderful job with that and
and they believe in all paths and they
have helped us in different states
understand there are wonderful wonderful
groups out there that are fighting for
the right things led by Jeff Clements
and Ben goob it's for America promise
and then represent us another conference
I went to another great group that works
on every single different path led by
Josh silver these are great groups this
is real unity the Stamp stampede that is
led by Ben Cohen yes from Ben and
Jerry's ice cream that Ben Cohen great
American patriot he's willing to do
anything and everything to get money out
of politics he could be on a beach
somewhere eating his own ice cream no
he's in the middle of the fight he's
like guy Oh Donald a volunteer you just
saw he's like all of you guys were
fighting they they're standing a post
and saying I'm ready to do anything and
everything to make sure that we reclaim
our democracy then you've got take back
our republic that's actually a
conservative group so when we say that
Wolfpack is nonpartisan we're not joking
okay
that that's a group led by John putner
he's a conservative he's the one that
got Eric Cantor thrown out of office
okay now that's grassroots and you know
what they also don't like corruption
they also don't like crony capitalism
are their corrupt Republican politicians
who like money in politics and who like
that we don't have a free and fair
elections that we have rigged elections
yes of course
are there Democrats who think the same
thing yes of course but there are also
good conservatives willing to fight
alongside good progressives on this
issue
we get our democracy back then we can go
back to fighting on the other stuff
through an actual system of government
that represents the people and then
you've got p triple c look at that man
conservative groups next incredibly
progressive groups like p triple c led
by adam green Stephanie Taylor and they
are real fighters for change both
progressives dot or their wonderful
group and then you've got the local
groups get money out of merit Maryland
G mama it's a great wonderful
enthusiastic unstoppable group in
Maryland yes get money out of Maryland
and Wolfpack got defeated by common
cause lobbyists in Maryland you think
we're not gonna come back no we're never
gonna get discouraged and we're gonna
keep coming back and back and back until
we win and the main person who got in
our way in Maryland well I told you
about her a minute ago we spent fifty
thousand dollars and she doesn't have
her seat anymore so that's one less
opponent next time we win in Maryland
and in Massachusetts we the people
Massachusetts is a wonderful group work
their hearts off in Massachusetts only
to be disappointed in the ways that I
explained earlier in the video so please
support all of these groups there is
real unity among progressives and even
conservatives who actually believe in
our democracy in our Constitution so
let's work together to make that happen
and so if you want any of those lengths
just well if you're watching this later
on YouTube or Facebook will have all
those links down below in the
description box get in a fight so let's
volunteer let's participate in every way
that we can and I promise you that we
are going to be relentless we're never
gonna give in when you can't just double
our forces triple our forces and we're
gonna put it over the top not just in
Maryland in Massachusetts but also in
the red states because the American
people they can't stand the
establishment I know the establishment
doesn't like to hear that but they don't
like it we've had 40 50 years of this
system oppressing us and it hasn't
worked all it does is give everything to
the donors we're gonna change this when
I change it in a democratic way we're
gonna do it the right way and I promise
you that if you get involved we can't be
stopped we will win and you're gonna
make that happen two easy ways to follow
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below then you're a TYT subscriber
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on youtube you are notified of
our videos
