this is what I'm officer
I feel highly uncomfortable please
officer why does he word it so let me
get this one straight if you're a black
person and get confused by a barrage of
conflicting instructions during a game
of Simon Says police edition you get
this oh come on
but if you're misinformed angry racist
white dude continuously ignoring a
woman's pleas to leave her alone
can you please step away from me sir can
you please step away from me and
invading her personal space because
she's wearing a Puerto Rico shirt part
of the u.s. by the way buddy a police
officer will stand idly by and do
nothing he'll he'll even pull up a chair
and take it all in by letting some
popcorn come to think of it seeing how
gently this old racist was handled by
the cops you'd think he was a white
shooter or something yep that was a joke
in yes it's in fact the harsh truth so
just to give you some context on the
background of this video I know it's
getting hard to keep track recently but
this one shows a man I'm gonna call him
cliff no offense to all cliffs by the
way harassing a woman who was wearing a
Puerto Rico's shirt in a park area she
had rented to celebrate her 24th
birthday only her preparations were
interrupted by the latest viral and
Boldin racist hell-bent on making
America great
along with his ignorance he also showed
how well he lived up to the full-blown
racist stereotype in record time he was
angry pathetically misinformed first of
all the United States owns Puerto Rico
so we're part of the United States scale
and typically uneducated about the
country he claims to love so dearly
but out of all this what he was most
importantly was aggressive he
continuously despite this woman's
requests approached and invaded her
personal space intimidating her actions
that you'd assume would at least merit
some form of intervention from law
enforcement but unfortunately for the
woman recording the aggressor here was
not black therefore the officer clearly
felt she was not in danger not that he
fear for his life so no action was
necessary time and time again we see
black people in this country with their
hands up or hands down sitting standing
walking cooperating continue to get
brutalized meanwhile cliff here
continues to approach an innocent woman
against her wishes
nothing not even her back your socks and
sandals wear an ass up a little step no
thankfully another officer a real one
showed up and asked this man for his ID
informing him of the reality that yes
people have just as much a right to be
here as you do especially when you're
clearly hammered and as a result of this
altercation the police officer involved
has been assigned to desk duty where he
can continue to do as he did in this
example nothing but this example comes
amidst a flurry of racist tirades that
continue to do the rounds each week
which when you think about it it's kind
of funny considering conservatives keep
telling us racism isn't a thing anymore
but yet these examples seem to surface
on a weekly basis well maybe they're all
just crisis actors but the reality is in
a court of shield recently from Will
Smith racism isn't getting worse it's
getting filmed all we are seeing now is
recordings of how life has been for
people of color and how they've been
seeing it for years and we need law
enforcement officers who are actually
willing to help put an end to it in
situations like this not just stand by
and be complicit while a citizen is put
in danger
he's not even grabbing him
really really really not using me
