happy Monday I'm here to tell you that
these sort of incidents are the reason
why people hate cops there's an El Paso
cop responding to a trespassing colony
or a recreation center in West Texas
this video has gone viral on Facebook
with over 5 million views so let's talk
about it look at this piece casually
kicking the kid whose head he's already
pushing against the wall and he proceeds
to take out his gun and points it at the
kids literal kids yeah
then you're wondering why they're
screaming the police
club and he proceeds to hold the
apprehended teen against the wall with
his knee until he finally slams the teen
on the ground with his partner coming in
to handcuff him his partner mind you not
doing anything to control the situation
or de-escalate in any way and now my
dude is ready to pop out his big
nightstick because these kids wronged
him maybe like all of those other kids
who wronged him when he was growing up
but now now he has all the power and
he'll show these little kids who's boss
like look at this little girl that's a
threat to you dude you big powerful man
so afraid of dealing with a couple kids
who won't bend the knee to you hey it's
all it's all good wait wait we're gonna
put a report on these two foods it's not
good and to make matters worse than this
already pretty bad unreasonable exercise
of police force the dude then proceeds
to arrest the kid who's recording who
definitely didn't do anything
aside from film the incident what are
you hey not just recording and of course
the police department responded by
putting the officer on desk duty and
they're investigating the matter but
anyone who treats kids like this
shouldn't be in a precinct for any
reason other than getting arrested for
crimes against children but once again
this isn't simply just the racial issue
I'm sure if the kids yelling at the cops
were white there is a likelihood it
would have escalated as well but cops
have demonstrated that they're capable
of de-escalation like when dealing with
this white mom in New Jersey you may
turns out cops are capable of doing
their jobs effectively while under
intense scrutiny even when they're being
berated just like they frequently
demonstrate their capabilities of
apprehending armed suspects who've just
committed mass murders you know when the
mass murderers are white I guess what
I'm saying
once again is to get rid of those who
cannot actually do their jobs in this
instance stop rehiring bad cops because
ones that by
civil-rights still get rehired in this
country that's a massive problem because
they end up taking innocent lives like
Antoine Rose in Pittsburgh I'm Sampaio
please don't forget to share this video
with your friends if you're outraged
please don't forget to leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
and for more discussion with other
like-minded individuals please don't
forget to join the big tent Democratic
coalition on Facebook
