Donald Trump is set to announce his
Supreme Court pick later today at 9:00
p.m. Eastern Time 6 p.m. Pacific as we
film this video right now we are unsure
as to who he will pick but we did
receive a shortlist last week that
included four specific names that list
has now dwindled down to two names which
I'll give you in just a moment but the
contenders as a Friday included Thomas
Hartman Brett Kavanaugh Amy Kony Barrett
and rainin Catholic so these individuals
are all federal judges they all have
experiences federal judges so I guess
that's a little bit of good news there
was one member of Congress Mike Lee who
was a possible contender and I'm glad
that that's not happening but regardless
of that small sliver of good news what
we do know is that all of these
individuals are deeply conservative and
Trump's pick will undoubtedly turn the
Supreme Court into a conservative
majority with five Supreme Court
justices who are conservative and four
who are liberal so Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell according to
reports spoke to Trump on Friday and
raised that prospect that either
Cavanaugh or Barrett could unnecessarily
jeopardize the confirmation process and
that is a huge concern for Republicans
especially Mitch McConnell because the
midterm elections are coming up and if
there are any issues with the Supreme
Court pick well then that could delay
the confirmation process so Cavanaugh
has spent the past couple of decades as
an appeals court judge atop Bush
administration official and a lawyer on
Kenneth star's team during the Bill
Clinton scandal leading to a paper trail
that could take a very long time to sort
through and could potentially spring
some surprises but apparently that
didn't convince Trump because Cavanaugh
has made it to Trump's top two picks so
two points here before we give you more
of the facts around these Supreme Court
possible picks so one is it everything's
got to be a reality show with Donald
Trump I've got the Final Four coming up
and yes at 9 o'clock Eastern tonight but
first after the commercial break we tell
you the final two
oh my god machine Bingbing right and and
so I feel proud that I solved why his
fans react the way that they do in his
rallies so since everything's a show to
them they don't really care about any of
the substance that's why they'll go bash
Jim Acosta from CNN and then ask for his
autograph later because they feel like
oh he's a character he's playing a heel
and I'm supposed to boo him and then
later I get the autograph of the star so
in this case they love this stuff
they're like oh my god honey just tell
us who it is no it's got to be a show
right you're right yes he does run
government the way that he would produce
a reality show and while it might be
entertaining for some in reality there
are people's lives on the line when it
comes to some of the policies that he
unilaterally passes it's just it's all
very concerning but it seems like a
portion of the country doesn't care yeah
and or likes it and the second point
here is I kind of hate the reason why
Cavanaugh was gonna be eliminated
I don't like Cavanaugh at all
politically or judicially and you know
probably all four of these are
disastrous picks but but the whole idea
of let's not make sure that we have an
experienced judge because then he has a
long track record that people can pick
apart so what are we supposed to just
find rookies off the street and that
don't have enough judicial experience
and put them on the court that's what
they do with Clarence Thomas disaster
right so no let's be thoughtful for a
second and figure out who should be the
best Supreme Court justice and let's be
fair in that process right and if there
are things that are concerning about
that record
we should definitely sort that out but
we should not hold that against them
whether they're liberals or
conservatives that they have a long
track record that should be a good thing
yeah exactly I mean in any other
profession that's something to be
celebrated or applauded right this
person's experience this person would
know what to do if he or she were chosen
for this position but in Mitch
McConnell's mind no no we can't mess up
we got to go we got to go more records
to sort through the longer this process
could take and we can't risk that that's
the thinking that that you know Mitch
McConnell has but there were other
concerns
Mitch McConnell had when it came to
other potential Supreme Court picks so I
want to get to that now Amy Coneybear it
is unlikely to be Trump's pick he didn't
make it to the final two
but there were some concerns about
whether or not she would appeal to Susan
Collins and Lisa Murkowski in the Senate
so according to reporting in the case of
Barrett it's because she is seen as the
most antagonistic toward roe v wade and
confusedly lose the support of
pro-abortion rights
senator Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski
remember senators have a very very slim
majority in the Senate and so they don't
want to choose someone who could turn
any Republican senator off and by the
way bear it out of all of these that
possible picks has been the most vocal
in terms of questioning the validity of
the roe v-- wade ruling yeah so there's
some legitimate and illegitimate things
here as well so now McConnell is a very
legitimate concern about the timing in
in regards to Barrett as opposed a
Kavanagh if you ask me why because right
now is an appointed out Republicans have
a very slim majority in the Senate it's
50 to 49 with John McCain being very
sick in Arizona and unlikely to vote so
they can't really afford to lose anybody
well Murkowski and collin says if we
have a judge who comes up here and says
they're clearly against Roe vs. Wade
we're not going to vote for them so
because we care about precedent and we
want the precedent to be maintained
whether that we agree with Roe versus
Wade in the first place or not right now
the other judges are in a better
position to lie about their position
right so they can say Oh Roe versus Wade
never thought about it I mean think
about how absurd that is really you're
going up for a United States Supreme
Court justice and you never thought
about Roe versus Wade you don't have any
opinion on it legally judicially
politically that's a preposterous thing
but the other judges can lie better to
it the problem that Barrett has is she's
already clearly on the record against it
and and not politically but judicially
so then they lose those two votes and if
they do then why is McConnell's time
employment relevant well okay let's say
you went through all that for Barrett
and you lost well then you put up the
next candidate the Republicans do Trump
does but by that time the midterm
elections might come around and they
might lose the senator altogether which
changes the dynamics of how conservative
the judge can be that's going to be the
next justice so that is a relevant
concern and by the way it's 50 to 49 you
should also take into account the other
49 I know Republicans never ever do they
couldn't care less about the people that
didn't vote for them but perhaps we
should appoint justices that are that
actually care about the whole country
right but of course the COS service
don't roll that way
in in today's political climate that is
like impossible it's a pipe dream and
I'm gonna be honest if we had Democrats
in control if we had like real
progressives in control of Congress of
the Senate I wouldn't want them to
consider people like Mitch McConnell and
their needs at all I know that's super
fair I don't but it depends on the
context why do I say that super fair if
the context was Republicans have
actually been very reasonable throughout
in the in dealing with the Democratic
presidents picks and they and both sides
have been picking moderates that I would
say hey then it makes sense for a
Democrat to care about the rest of the
country as well that didn't vote for
them and to be a modern that is not the
context the reality is the Republicans
pick someone who's super right-wing
every single time don't give a damn I
may I say this they're aggressor 49
senators out of the hundred but remember
on the issue of pro-life pro-choice
two-thirds of the country 66 percent of
the country in some polls even higher
are in favor of pro-choice position they
want abortion to be legal so the
Republicans don't mind ignoring
two-thirds of the country in what is
supposed to be a democracy at all and
they will block any justice put out by
the Democrats Obama had put up a very
moderate justice in Merrick garland he
was so moderate that I thought he was
too right-wing on many positions and the
Republicans still said no no we don't
care in that context if you have a
Democratic president Oh trust me that
we're gonna want to pick the most
liberal justice you could possibly
imagine and then let the Republicans cry
crying cry and so if if we can defeat
one of these guys and wait till the
midterm elections that would be
fantastic it would show some competence
on the part of the Democratic Party so
don't hold your breath which leads us to
the final factor which is Donald Trump's
need for wins now I actually think that
some of the press is being slightly
unfair to him about how he doesn't care
that much about Roe versus Wade and I'll
tell you why I might disagree with you
okay yeah
does Allah Trump care about abortion yes
he's in favor of it I would be shocked
if he hasn't paid for one to multiple
abortions in his life already
so is he pro-choice absolutely it would
be shocking if he wasn't in real world
okay now but does he care about roe v
wade yes because it goes back to winning
evangelicals voted for him at an 81
percent clip white evangelicals did and
that that's pretty much the only thing
they care about they're like you could
have sex with other people you could do
whatever you want boys girls whatever I
don't care
above age under age I don't care the
only thing I care about is roe v wade so
in that context Trump might go well then
I care about roe v wade these are the
guys who are gonna help me win next time
right so that's where though they're
being a little unfair that he doesn't
care about the decision I think he does
yeah but he also cares but we didn't go
to win we're gonna win right
so if McConnell tells him you're not
gonna win with Barrett you're not gonna
win with one of the others he might go
okay
just give me the one who's gonna win I
don't give a care what their policy
positions are at all right so that's
also possible one less curveball is we
think these are the final two right
exactly but Trump loves drama could he
come out at 9:00 o'clock Eastern today
and go oh no your comes trouble a chair
from behind and picked Barrett the most
extreme person anyway entirely possible
yeah you might pick someone who's not
even on this list that's exactly right
I surprised this with Mike Lee he may be
like hey yo I chose Mike Lee what are
you gonna do about it now there's a
there's a there's a one and a half
percent chance he'll surprise those with
Donald Trump jr.
well you never know
probably not but Trump's crazy and he
loves drama more than anything else I
just wanted to quickly respond to the
media being unfair to him because they
think that he just wants to win look it
all even if he chooses the most Pro
Rovio I'm sorry pro life life justice
yes okay even if he does that right it's
still done with the intention of winning
because it's not about only winning you
know the confirmation from the Senate
it's about energizing his evangelical
base and encouraging them to vote for
him again when he runs for re-election
remember the one thing that he actually
did deliver on in his presidency for
those who voted for him was Neil Gorsuch
because even if he hurts the farmers
with these tariffs even if he screws
over all of these people it fills the
swamp with as many swamp monsters you
could possibly imagine
Republicans will turn around and say
yeah but we got Neil Gorsuch and you
can't fight that you can't argue with
that they're right on that it's all
about energizing his base and I think
that he will do this if he chooses
someone who's super pro-life yes so
don't misunderstand me I'm just saying
that exactly what you said he cares
about only winning but he is someone
who's super against Roe versus Wade
would be part of that equation of
winning which they are discounting in
the press or they're not counting enough
and does he care about policy positions
ideologically of course not he couldn't
care less
he couldn't probably couldn't tell you
three policy positions that the Supreme
Court rules on anyway one will probably
Rover we roe v wade he knows that one
another one would be like something
about property rights cuz that affects
whether he can mow down your house and
build a casino right right and then on
the third one he'll be like the Supreme
Court is very complicated nobody knew it
was this complement what he understood
but I have picked strong justice the
strongest justices okay I have one other
point to make because I just I found
this little bit of trivia fascinating so
one of the other potential contenders is
Thomas Hardiman and
cardamon if he gets chosen as Trump's
pick would be a little different from
anyone else that's ever been chosen for
the Supreme Court and what I mean by
that is Hardiman does not have an Ivy
League education mm-hmm and Trump is
notorious for loving people who have an
Ivy League education loves elite he does
love the elites right and remember in
recent weeks he started referring to
himself as the elite even though during
the campaign there was a lot of
negativity toward the elites
okay so Hardiman look I don't agree with
his politics that's for sure he is very
conservative but with that said he he
did work really hard he put himself
through college he didn't go to an Ivy
League but he went to Notre Dame and he
apparently was driving taxis in order to
pay for his college education he came
from a poor family he's scrappy and and
I loved learning that about him but with
that said you know the most interesting
thing I learned about Hardiman was that
the fact that he did not get an Ivy
League education might actually work
against him when it comes to Trump
yeah it's insanity Notre Dame's a
perfectly great school the school that
that Trump would have no prayer of
getting into without his daddy right he
was going to Fordham and getting
probably miserable grades nobody can't
find his transcript right and his daddy
got him into Penn anyway which is a
great great embarrassment to Wharton and
a University of Pennsylvania anyway back
to Hartman so the fact that that
background should help him I mean that's
the American dream etc but Trump really
hates the average guy that's remember
what he said why would I put poor middle
class people into my administration I
only want the rich right and now he's
bragging about being the elite he's
always looked up to the elite and he
never quite made it into their club
that's why he was going around the other
day going because that poor Schmucks
always wanted to be in that crowd so
that last thing I guess Hardiman is that
he once worked to help poor immigrants
in in one group that he worked on a long
time ago and now a lot of conservatives
do that and that's a decent wonderful
thing to do but now the Ann Coulter's of
the world say that's it he should be
banned because of that
and and George Soros once gave a couple
of dollars to a group that gave a couple
of dollars to that group and this guy
worked at it
so he's funded by Soares funded by
source the guy probably had no idea was
funding that group and source a tiny
percentage of that money he was just
trying to actually be a decent person in
that context again we you have to
understand we don't agree with Hardiman
we don't agree with him politically or
judicially right fair's fair and that's
right but that was a decent thing that
he did and of course the right-wing then
says well that's a real mark against you
you try to help people who are powerless
or poor who who are not part of the
elite
this Hardiman guy you got to watch out
for him and so that's a big strike
against them right now in in being
selected too easy wasteful Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
