Trump's mar-a-lago has asked to hire 61
additional foreign workers using a visa
program you may remember H to be so
documents posted by the Department of
Labor on Thursday show to the club ask
permission from the government to hire
40 new servers and 21 new cooks under
the h-2b visa program which allows
companies to employ foreign workers or
legal immigrants on a temporary basis if
the business can't fill the spots with
qualified Americans last year at the
Department of Homeland Security and soon
after Trump properties re increase the
cap on h-2b visa quest requests approval
to hire dozens of workers now I know
what you're thinking this seems to
directly contradict Trump's America
first
what is it policy or just slogan big
slogan and it does it certainly does
since Trump declared his candidacy in
2015 Trump owned or branded businesses
have sought to employ more than 400
foreign guest workers under the HTTP
visa with the marlowe go club alone
accounting for at least 264 of those
workers so I think we can agree that
this does go against the American first
mentality so why is he doing this does
he not care he said that he tried very
very hard to hire Americans and they
just didn't work out and that's the
summer surge what's going on here it
goes back to that quote you just said he
said it could be quote very very hard
during Florida's busy fall in winter
months and he went on to say you know
why they're doing that they can't get
people George they can't get people who
are willing to sacrifice their holidays
you do this so they have to find people
who are very determined to provide for
themselves maybe their family maybe
escape a terrible situation if it's you
know who else is going to sacrifice
their holiday people who have to right
yeah absolutely and you know what make
America great again bring back slavery
indentured servitude you know taking
advantage of I saw the wages you know
Margaret Marlo go is hot because their
meat is bad I mean we went we did that
story here that because of the
temperature you know high temperatures
that it was they didn't pass health code
yeah but they went and got immigrants
but
just it's just another just another line
in the book of hypocrisy of Donald Trump
and the fact that people believe him at
his word is what like I keep saying over
and over again are they hitting the
tithe
is there a serum that's in the wall
there's something and including pouring
in the water how is it that you yourself
can visibly you can you can spot the
lies
any a child can say this guy keeps
contradicting himself here he said this
about abortion and he said this about
abortion she said this he said this it's
like ongoing and it's we're normalizing
it it's because it's this it's like a
trick I mean somehow the 1% or whatever
Donald Trump could his constituents are
his you know direct cronies
it's like convincing the working poor
that another group of working poor is
the reason why they're poor that's not
the reason why they're poor it's because
the people who set the wages and the
people who own the companies aren't
helping you they're not trickling down
like they said they would they're
reinvesting in themselves they're buying
back their own stock
use your brain it is obviously not them
it is the people who have made you think
this well I think also furthermore you
talk about like are they being
hypnotized like what's going on here I
think to a degree they are because
they're not this isn't being covered on
Fox News this isn't being talked about
they're not really holding they're not
holding his feet to the fire at all and
so it's it's a blind spot that perhaps
I'm and maybe this is willful maybe
being far too kind it's a blind spot
they don't even recognize they have you
know so they're they're watching the
rallies that Fox News is playing on all
on repeat and they're watching Fox and
Friends and they're watching other
conservative media outlets and so
they're missing the other side of what's
going on here and the other policies
that are in place I think that they just
they they do not know right if they do
know then they don't care because they
don't care that it doesn't get any more
clear than what you just said grace they
don't care and like we talked about
earlier these these Trump supporters are
so on the bandwagon they're so they're
so entrenched they're so gung-ho for
this do that did anything that is
dissent from that is a direct threat to
their apparently overall being and like
in that's a great point to grace that
it's not being covered so
that's why not my own but not my
backyard right if I don't see it if I
don't know what's happening then it's
not happening mm-hmm it just hits two
very ancient parts of the brain one of
which is tribalism people want to be in
a group people want to feel like there's
someone out there who has their backs
who thinks like them that justifies
their opinion on things and then there's
also the need to want easy answers it is
a much more complicated answer and it is
being obfuscated like you said it's it's
not something that can just be easily
picked up and shoveled to you so you're
just here we're seeing like a
willingness to accept whatever answer
you're given instead of looking deeper
for truth seems like mass hysteria but
the other thing is that they're they're
getting their news from Fox News and
most of the people who support Donald
Trump are not gonna be at NAR Lago
they're not gonna go there they're not
gonna be a member of that Country Club
because they're too busy trying to work
and feed their families but because they
are getting their information from the
source that is feeding them what they
need to feed them to keep them where
they are this is gonna continue to
happen and those of us who call
ourselves activists we have to openly go
out and speak to those people because
those are the people that we need to
talk to no I think I think that's an
excellent point I think sometimes I you
you catch or something am i preaching to
the choir here because that will not
affect change and you think about how we
can affect change I think it is in
making sure that we that this
proliferation of information is as broad
as it possibly can be two easy ways for
the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
