you know who told me that about your zip
code determines where you're gonna end
up in life more than anything else it
wasn't a poor person it was a super rich
guy who grew up in a super rich zip code
and and I remember when he told me that
was just an open mic er here I was open
miking here in Los Angeles and I met
this guy I didn't know I didn't know he
was rich and he told me goes yeah I'm
Michael where do you live he goes I
bel-air I grew up in Belize and he said
if you look at this if you look at the
stats that's where your zip code
determines and like 95 percent of the
time it did you can break out of it a
lot of people do you know I come from I
would say a lower middle class
neighborhood everybody blue-collar work
with their hands anybody who went to
work with the tie on there's like oh
there's a guy with a tie I'm going to
work right the kind of how do they say
we take showers at the end of the day
they take showers at the beginning of
the day so that was the kind of guy I
was I took a shower at the end of the
day and and so you know it turns out
that guy who was wealthy from you know
was raised in a wealthy atmosphere and
yeah told you that he wasn't that funny
he was a comedian yeah yeah and I think
I don't know if that hurt his grit on
stage but yeah you know he didn't have I
don't know what he was gonna talk about
you know it's so great being rich you
know who's gonna be on board for that
right but you know he I don't read he's
I thought he was funny enough anyway but
the attack on Acacio Cortez for having
grew up in was a York York town high
yeah never it was such a odd attack like
so freaking or what
well yeah don't believe Yorktown Heights
you're don't believe any any single
pears bad cuz she didn't grow up in a
enough house what yeah I mean it's a two
toy separate things yeah what does it
matter if she grew up in the Bronx or
Yorktown Heights I mean I I guess I
guess the message is she's a fraud of
some sort yes she's not as poor as she's
portraying herself to be so you can't
believe in her radical ideas it's a
weird attack I agree it's not gonna work
let's go especially because she's so
articulate and she's on the right side
of history
yeah and she has the facts on our side
she's up everything on her
all right so let's go to this story I
was just in Portland and there was some
violence up there this weekend yeah
what a nice town it's that's a great
town and it's you know surrounded by
white supremacists and it really is or
in Oregon is a lot of anyway so Portland
a very white town also yeah which makes
me feel comfortable because I'm white I
like to I'm with my people
it's your white privilege it's my way
but it actually is though I know yeah I
know
I believe me I know that I have white
privilege that's why I like to wear a
suit coat what I'm going around places
and you know y'all get cop goes hey did
you just kick me no I'm wearing a suit
coat boy I didn't kick you it's true
it's a significant advantage and a
privilege and I forget that because
being Asian in LA is a non-issue but
when I go to other parts of the country
it comes up it always blows my mind
because I think of myself I see myself
as 100% American you know like I this is
my culture this is my country but when I
when I find out that others see me as
the other or iner yeah it blows my mind
it's so strange to me and it comes in
multiple forms I mean like that outright
bigotry and racism like I get that like
that's that's obviously bad but even for
those who are trying to make a
connection like I was for from a prior
job I was once in in Arkansas and I had
to get a prescription I picked up a
prescription and the pharmacist says to
me hey do you know the Chang family on
on you know on Market Street what what
are you talking about and I and I was
like my name is Simon Chang nobody
talked about and she's got yeah and the
pharmacist is like oh you know cuz you
guys are both Asian it's like I don't
know every Asian person in our cuz I
didn't live here you know I don't live
here
I used to showed my driver's license I'm
from California
why would I know the random Chang family
on Market Street but you know she just
saw me
as an Asian person and just lump me in
with the only other Asian person she
knew she did mean any harm by she's just
tryna make a connection
right but it just was a reminder to me
that they saw me as an outsider
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
