last week there was actually a hearing
in New York City for Donald Trump's
Trump foundation the massive civil suit
that they are facing
after defrauding their own charity and
skirting the laws and basically using
the charity as a personal piggy bank
now this suit involves Donald Trump
himself Donald Trump jr. Ivanka Trump
and Eric Trump but anyway during last
Tuesday's hearing lawyers for the Trump
family actually tried to argue that the
case the trial should be moved back
which is currently set for October but
they didn't want it to start in October
because they felt it might influence
people in this year's midterm election
so they tried to have it moved till
after the midterms take place do you
know what the judges response to that
was she laughed she laughed out loud in
the court room not only did she then say
like I'm not going to move it at all
this things happening in October but
then she added and guess what I'm
probably going to call Donald Trump in
to testify see the Trump family is
facing a lot of legal problems not just
from Muller not just from the IRS
investigations and the FBI
investigations but also from this case
here in New York City now luckily for
the Trump family at the moment this is
just a civil suit there are no criminal
charges filed for basically using their
charity to defraud everyone that is
illegal and the case has been referred
for possible criminal prosecution but as
of right now the New York Attorney
General is only seeking the money back
that the charity basically stole and
used for their own personal well-being
and again this involves every member of
the Trump family that's worth anything
at the moment Trump himself jr. Ivanka
Eric they're all in this together
because they all work together to make
sure that this charity was their own
personal piggy bank but back to the big
issue here the fact that
judge laughed when this guy the Trump
lawyer tried to get the case pushback so
as not to interfere with the midterms
this presents a very real problem for
not just the Trump family but for the
entire Republican Party in fact the
judge actually told the Trump children
you guys need to go ahead and take a
deal that's being offered where you
admit to wrongdoing and you don't serve
on the board of a charity in New York
for the next year she's telling them you
need to do that because as this goes
forward as more of this comes out it's
not gonna work out well for you and the
judge said I'm probably gonna go ahead
and make a ruling that you can't serve
on a charity for a year anyway so why
not just take this wonderful offer pay
back the money which is basically an
admission of wrongdoing and don't be on
another charity board but they're not
doing it because they're stubborn and
let's be honest they're pretty stupid
this judge is handing them everything to
make it easier for them so as not to
influence the midterms but the Trump
family's arrogance and stupidity is
preventing them from taking this very
generous offer so they're gonna let it
go to trial they're gonna be involved in
this civil suit and everyone in this
country is going to see just how
disgusting deceitful and dare I say
deplorable every member of that Trump
family truly is
