last week there were five journalists
who their lives were taken today we have
another I think it's fair to say Titanic
figure inside of media who has passed
away that is Ed Schultz passed away it's
64 years old unknown reasons but you
might know him from his time as the host
of the edge show on MSNBC back on MSNBC
more recently he hosted the news with Ed
Schultz on Rt America and if you watched
him at any point on either of those
shows or back in his days on the radio
you know that he gave a gigantic
percentage of his time as a as a figure
in the media to issues of the
working-class there was no one that he
wouldn't take on he was fearless and
incredibly hard-working and obviously
it's it's a terrible loss for media to
have lost him in addition just in terms
of TYT as a part of our history he was
one of the first figures in the
mainstream media to give Janke an
opportunity back in his MSNBC days
allowing him to guest host for him that
obviously led to Jake doing more and
more hosting and MSNBC back in the day
and jake has actually recorded a video
earlier today that's now available on
the channel on the young turks youtube
channel talking about his experience
with that Schultz and his thoughts about
his back yeah and as a bit of indicator
what type of broadcasts at least I think
points to view that he that Ed Schultz
made was in the 90s he was a
conservative firebrand as they call it
you know and talk radio and as you see
things shift and see what happens around
your world you may change it based off
of what that is and then so maybe people
who didn't know of that history would
see him as just this MSNBC character who
who would speak only on liberal issues
and go this way just because that's who
he was working for but you know that's
the way things work sometimes when you
see the way things are and you have a
little level of a character to the
things you want to talk about yeah and
he focused on issues that that were not
talked about very commonly at that time
not even all that commonly now I mean
there are there are some figures that
that do more of it than I think people
who don't actually watch the channels
give him credit for but he did it for a
year after year after year back when it
was incredibly unpopular he received
pushback any number of times because of
his focus but that's also why people
look back on him up now I guess in such
a positive light because of his work
especially on behalf of the working
class two easy ways for Young Turks one
is hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
