a federal judge has ruled that Americans
specifically students in Detroit do not
have a right to literacy in fact they
don't have they have no right to access
to literacy as long as there are public
schools that are being run that's all
that matters the law is being followed
now this all stems from a federal
lawsuit that was filed by students in
Detroit and it was because of the
conditions that they were learning in in
fact they weren't learning anything at
all because the schools were severely
underfunded and didn't even have the
resources necessary to learn so a
handful of Detroit students charged in
federal court that educational officials
in Michigan including Governor Rick
Snyder's denied them access to an
education of any quality so if you don't
believe me here are some of the issues
with these Detroit schools overcrowded
classrooms lack of textbooks and basic
materials unqualified staff leaking
roofs broken windows black mold which by
the way causes cancer contaminated
drinking water rodents no pens no paper
no toilet paper and unsafe temperatures
that had classes cancelled due to
90-degree heat or classrooms so cold
students could see their breath now a
lot of that has to do with you know
these terrible buildings and unsafe
conditions that the students were trying
to learn in but when it comes to the
quality of education itself there were
instances where there were no teachers
in the class and the students were left
to teach themselves the lawsuit even
mentions one eighth grade student who
taught a seventh and eighth grade math
class for a month because no teacher
could be found so I want to pause there
because that that story is powerful and
it really got to me the oftentimes
right-wingers will yell at African
American communities honestly and say
why don't you pull yourselves up by the
bootstraps but there are no bootstraps
so not only do they have not toilet no
toilet paper
blackball I mean they said it's a
disaster area right but they have no
pens and they have no paper so how are
they supposed to do homework how are
they suppose
do any work a lot of these classrooms
have either ridiculously old books or no
books at all but to me the over the the
lack of a teacher was so over the top I
can't fathom it can you imagine for any
of you when you were going to school or
if you're a parent with your kids going
to school they're like oh by the way
they're just not going to have a teacher
for a whole month and that young kid an
eighth grader in that community steps up
and starts teaching his fellow students
students peers yeah and then they yell
at that community for not doing enough
no this is this ruling actually sets a
devastating precedent that not only
impacts these schools in Detroit but
impacts every public school in every
country and I'll explain why in just a
minute but the the plaintiffs
essentially later look to the
Constitution and they cited the equal
protection clauses of the 14th amendment
the I'm sorry due process and equal
protection clauses of the 14th Amendment
right and so they're arguing hey look at
what schools in Detroit are like
compared to other schools in the state
of Michigan you know there is no
equality here we are being severely
underfunded we're not being taken care
of we're being completely you know
ignored and and we're learning we're
supposed to be learning in these
incredibly unsafe unhealthy conditions
with no resources no materials no pens
no papers and the judge said yeah you
know I mean you really have no right to
literacy and so if that's the that the
ruling by the judge when it comes to
these Detroit schools that's that's the
president for all these other schools
right yeah because if you're in a state
let's say you are a liberal municipality
in an incredibly conservative state red
state and the governor decides yeah I'm
okay with this school district being
underfunded or ignored I'm not gonna
look out for them I'm not gonna protect
them I don't care about them he has the
right to do so as long as that school is
still running
let me just read one quote from the
judge
and then jump in jang-hee says access to
literacy is not a fundamental right
accordingly the states alleged failure
to provide literacy access to plaintiffs
fails to state an equal protection claim
on the basis of burdening a fundamental
right the court is left to conclude that
the Supreme Court has neither confirmed
nor denied that access to literacy is a
fundamental right the court must
therefore cautiously take up the task
yes so well that means you don't have a
right to an education be all that means
that we could just turn the schools in
areas we don't like or care about at all
into warehouses you must go to school
we're not going to educate you at that
school because you don't have a right to
literacy we're just gonna house you
there and maybe we'll arrest some of you
from time to time but we're just it's
like a holding cell if you will we are
now back at pre civil rights era
separate but equal you go to some of the
private schools in the good cities okay
and they are spectacular you wouldn't
believe the facilities that they have
and then there are schools sometimes in
the same exact city where they have no
paper no pen there's rats running around
in the hallways there's no teachers and
then the courts go yeah yeah no they're
separate but they look equal to me I
mean in this case though there's
absolutely no concern about whether or
not these schools are equal there's an
acknowledgement that they're not equal
yeah in a sense it's worse than the
separate but equal phase it in American
history where we pretended that the
schools were equal when the black kids
were being sent the terrible schools and
the white kids were sent to good schools
now we're saying no I know they're not
equal and I don't care so your kids will
rot and my kids will be in great shape
and you'll just have to deal with that
it's gross it is gross and and keep in
mind that historically governments have
wanted to keep the masses uneducated
historically they've wanted people to be
illiterate in US history the slaves were
forced to be illiterate they were not
allowed to learn to read yeah I went to
a plantation in South Carolina when I
was there and they explained that one of
the strictest rules they had was that no
slave was ever allowed to learn how to
read and
so there was severe punishment if you
were allowed to learn because if you
learned and you got an education
well you might realize that you should
rebel you should rebel against the
system and and and then they would turn
around and go well they can't be
educated well if they can't be educated
then why do you have a sign that says or
and a rule that says don't educate them
you know they can be educated they knew
it all along and that's exactly what
they were afraid of knowledge is power
and when you are knowledgeable you can
fight back and governments don't want
that too easy wasteful young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
