representative Steve King of Iowa has
gotten some backlash in the past because
of the fact that he would retweet white
nationalists and neo-nazis but he hasn't
really learned any lessons because
recently he decided to retweet
completely inaccurate statistics about
rape in Denmark
now these statistics specifically target
migrants or immigrants in Denmark and if
you look at the real numbers and the
bigger picture you'll see why they're
misleading and and done in a way to
smear a certain group of people but
before I get into the details and debunk
what's been tweeted just understand that
Steve King spread the false rape
statistics about European migrants on
Twitter which is his go-to move and what
he did is he retweeted Charlie Kirk who
is essentially a paid propagandist for
the Trump administration and
conservatives in general so here's what
Charlie Kirk had tweeted and then later
representative Steve King retweeted he
said shocking 83 percent 10 out of 12 of
all rapes in Denmark are committed by
migrants or their descendants wrong that
is not the case so again this is this is
complete propaganda complete fabrication
so what he did was he I guess cited a
study that was done by a tabloid in
Denmark but we're gonna for the sake of
giving him the benefit of the doubt
we're giving this tabloid the benefit of
the doubt let's just assume that with
the tabloid studied was true right the
report found that from January of 2016
in May of 2017
there were 12 rape or attempted rape
convictions in Denmark in which the
victim did not know the perpetrator so
let's hold for a second that is not all
rapes that just indicates that in this
time period twelve of the rapes were
perpetrated by someone that the victim
did not know but that is not the total
number of rapes in Denmark in that time
period in fact the total number of rapes
in Denmark in that time period was 902
based on what was reported by the Danish
government yeah I was gonna say man I
didn't know socialism
this good they've almost wiped out all
crime they're like there's only 12 rapes
in in about an 18 month period in in any
country let alone Denmark which is a
significant size country that seems
shocking right turns out well of course
is not true there's over 900 rapes I
wish that they had you know gotten that
number all the way down to that but it's
not so like anyone with any sense would
go really there was only 12 rapes in in
that whole period in Denmark no they're
like okay great let's whatever the
number is who cares who cares
it's the immigrants they're rapists
those immigrants so I remember you know
listening to Candice Owens interview on
Joe Rogan's podcast and she kept
repeating over and over again because
she's she's paid by charlie kirk by the
way she works with him
she kept saying over and over again
charlie kirk is so intelligent he's
gonna be a president one day he's so
smart he didn't even go to college
now let me just say I don't think that
you need to go to college to be
brilliant I think there are a lot of
incredibly intelligent people who
decided to skip college they became
entrepreneurs fabulously successful
charlie Kirk does not fall under that
category he is not smart a smart person
would look at that number look would
look at those statistics and think wow
in that time very there were only 12
rapes in a country that seems kind of
off let me investigate that further but
he didn't investigate it because it fit
a narrative that he wants to push that
immigrants are dangerous they're gonna
rape our women we need to look out for
them no that's not what's going on again
let me just clarify for the for the
second time what's important 902 total
rapes in Denmark during this time period
902 and so if you are to believe what
this tabloid studied there were 12 rapes
that were done by or attempted rapes or
rapes that were done by people who the
victim didn't know and of those 12 rapes
10 of them were either immigrants or
descendants of immigrants yeah this is
it's obviously totally absurd it look
let's just look at it from let's say we
were doing this right and to Anna's
point about whether an intelligent
person would do this or not if somebody
sent me a stat online that said do you
know that there
let's do it 10x because America is a
larger country there there's a hundred
and twenty rapes in the country and a
hundred of them were done by trump
administration officials a big weight or
just even right-wingers they like wait
how did you prove that they were
right-wingers and there was only 120
rapes in all of America that if for over
18 must it's crazy talk right there's no
way that I'm putting that out in the
world because I'm gonna be embarrassed
later when it's obviously not true but
Charlie Congressman Steve King who
really didn't who is literally a white
supremacist complaining about how
there's you know the white culture is
under attack etc so but you know what
they're all in a sense that I mean white
supremacist sounds like such a strong
word and and I don't want to put it on
all the right-wing but all the guys who
are fighting against multiculturalism so
what do you want you want just what
quote-unquote your culture and what is
your culture mean American culture is
multicultural so are you against
American culture and if you're against
the culture that we have here with Jews
and and and Christians and atheists and
Muslims and bikes and whites and Latinos
are you for just a Christian culture re
which is on American it says we shall
not establish a religion our custard
shining I know you never read it
because you're not that bright but I
don't know what you're in favor of if
you fight against multiculturalism other
than literal white supremacy so it's if
this is madness that these guys are
considered not just legitimate but like
Charlie carazzo
he leads young people in this country
progress you know these right-wingers
are signing up in droves for this look I
don't know where you got the money to
start that organization but I know that
if a left-winger raise their hand and
was like hey I'd like to do left-wing
propaganda on college campuses can you
pay me a lot of money and I will set up
hundreds of chapters etc always talking
about George Soros George Soros did it
because in there
world everything is funded by a
billionaire so they assumed the left
does the same so if you're left on
college campus they're like yeah who
paid you to do that
nobody they're just decent people right
so the fact that they're going around
putting this out to come all the way
back around to this the actual stat I
know the Trump's it calls them criminals
and rapists about immigrants too
this goes all the way back to Birth of a
Nation the first feature film in America
full-length film and and there they have
a guy in a in blackface going around
kidnapping white women and raping them
because the stereotype that they wanted
to put out there and they did for a long
time was people who are not white are
animals they're savages and they will
rape our white women that's right so
this is as deeply racist as it gets
so when Charlie Kirk sends that tweet
he's either deeply ignorant and can't do
math and is incredibly stupid doesn't
realize that that's a fake number or
he's doing it on purpose which is even
worse right I think it's a combination
of both to be honest with you and and I
I do also want to share Steve King's
retweet of what Charlie Kirk had put out
there the propaganda and misleading
information he put out there so Steve
King said the following in his retweet
Europe is waking up will America in time
in time for what in time for what like
so that hey don't let the Latinos in
don't let the brown people in we've got
to protect our white culture Steve King
is 100% racist we have a full-blown
old-school Klan member in the United
States Congress constantly talking about
protecting white culture from the
dangerous brown people it'll be too late
don't rape all our white women you are a
piece of filth Steve King two easy ways
to follow young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
