the progressive revolution doesn't stop
when the live show ends join the home of
progressives and become a TYT member
today click the link below the Trump
administration is proposing a new law
that would essentially force the major
drug companies to include prices for the
drugs that they're advertising in their
advertisements now I'm sure all of you
have come across a television spot or
two featuring a pharmaceutical company
pushing whatever drug they're trying to
get you to buy and they're telling you
to go ask your doctor about it
well the Trump administration is
essentially saying okay those ads are
fine but you need to let consumers know
exactly how much these drugs cost now
under this proposed rule a company would
have to put in writing the price for a
typical course of treatment for drugs
such as antibiotics or the 30-day cost
of drugs taken for chronic conditions
such as high blood pressure or diabetes
now I want to give the Trump
administration credit for that because I
think anytime there's more transparency
it's a good thing especially when it
comes to a powerful lobbying group like
the pharmaceutical industry and I also
love that the pharmaceutical industry
has had a negative reaction to this
which means it's a good thing but I also
want to be clear in stating that it is a
half measure this is not gonna do
anything to lower the price of
pharmaceutical drugs they're not
negotiating with these pharmaceutical
companies to lower the prices and that's
really the root of the problem here and
who knows maybe the Trump administration
will eventually get to that but we'll
see now Health and Human Services
Secretary Alex azar announced the new
proposal just hours after the lobby
group that represents big drug companies
said its members would start indirectly
mentioning prices in their television
ads so essentially what the
pharmaceutical companies want to do and
again this is immediately after they met
with a czar is not post or or mention
the price of the drugs and the
advertisements but rather direct
consumers to a website which would then
list the prices but a czar is saying no
I know you're trying to be cute here but
that's not good enough in fact here's
this exact
quote he says we appreciate their effort
but placing information on a website is
not the same as putting it right in an
ad he also said we will not wait for an
industry with so many conflicting and
perverse incentives to reform itself it
appears that that's an admission that
corporations are unwilling to you know
regulate themselves so let's just make
sure we have that in our back pockets in
the future when Republicans tell us no
no we don't need to regulate because
corporations regulate themselves okay so
first of all there are three different
layers to what could be done one is what
the drug companies want to do well first
of all drug company want to do nothing
but since they're under pressure they're
saying okay well we'll just run the ad
and say you can go to the website to
find out the price nobody's gonna go to
the website they know that that's why
that's the thing that they push for then
there's what the activists push for
which is to actually get you lower drug
prices and so there are a lot of
different ways to do that but one way
that Donald Trump promised and to be
fair Barack Obama also promised was to
negotiate drug prices on behalf of the
American people for Medicare and
Medicaid both of them lied about it
now you can say oh well no Obama meant
well and he cut a deal and then did seem
because we got the Obama care and there
but that did a lot okay fine
but he he ran an ad he ran a commercial
saying he was gonna make sure that we
negotiated on behalf of the American
people and he refused to do it
Trump same exact thing oh my god why why
can't we negotiate with the drug
companies because they own you you're
dumbass they own you okay
and so Trump came in it was like yeah
never mind I'm not doing that it turns
out they own us I'm not gonna negotiate
drug prices either that is the actual
solution and that is one of many things
you could do to actually fix the problem
instead they're gonna go with a
Republican approach well for now at
least so this is the same thing they did
with money in politics which is the
disclose act in that / - in the case of
campaign finance reform
well no no we're gonna continue the
bribes but we're just gonna let you know
who's doing the bribing and then you
know what happened next
they change their mind Mitch McConnell
was like why were we doing that I don't
want him to know who's bribing me and
McConnell killed it and then he flipped
entire Republican Party even though even
in Citizens United Justice Anthony
Kennedy wrote well obviously they'll
tell you who was giving him money that
Mitch McConnell turned around it was
like just kidding we're not gonna tell
you who's giving us the money we're
gonna take the dark money so for the
moment being the Republicans say that
they will tell us they will force the
drug companies to tell us in their ads
what the prices are we'll see but if
they follow through on it it is nowhere
near good enough but credit where credit
is due
it's at least something as opposed to
nothing which is what we're used to with
the Trump administration and TYT
investigates is that a number of stories
on Alec's ASRs corruption which you
should check out at TYT dot-com and we
are home a progresses but we're also
fair so this is definitely unexpected
and it is at least a small step but a
positive step forward exactly one other
thing I wanted to just quickly mention
is the most effective way to negotiate
drug prices and the most effective way
to do that is to have a universal
healthcare system and I'm not kidding
about that I'm not just doing I'm not
just saying it there's actual evidence
to prove it so why is it that in the
United States we pay more for
pharmaceutical drugs compared to
countries like Canada for instance well
what are the main reasons why is because
we don't have the government negotiating
the prices on our behalf because the
government is the entity that ensures
all of its citizens you see what I'm
saying so the way that it works is and
you'll see this in your health insurance
bills you'll look at it and you'll see
okay here's the price that the doctor
charged so here's the price of the drug
for instance but then my private insurer
negotiated with the doctor to get the
price down they came to an agreement and
the price is lower insurance covers some
portion of it and then the consumer or
the patient pays the rest when you have
a universal health care system the
pharmaceutical companies don't have a
choice right they have to negotiate
because you have a huge group of people
that the government is representing and
essentially the government is saying
alright well do you want these patients
or not do you want you know their
business or not or
you want the money that's a you know
tied to these patients or not and so
doctors health care providers all that
they have to negotiate and that's what
keeps the prices lower now without that
you know what the prices are so for the
top ten drugs that are advertised on
television they range their monthly
prices which is what they would have
stayed in their ads if the Trump a
proposal actually goes into effect
ranges from five hundred thirty five
dollars to eleven thousand dollars per
month and about half Americans forty
seven percent of Americans have health
insurance plans that have high
deductibles so you you have to pay until
your deductible is done and then a lot
of you then have to pay a certain
portion of that eleven thousand dollars
on top anyway yep so they're gonna
bankrupt you then they then then they
they sure starts paying some of it okay
so this system is literally sick and and
so now they're saying well at least
we're gonna show you how badly you're
screwed maybe if this gets put into
effect the TYT Plus app is now available
on iOS and Android download to get more
TYT content at TYT com slash app
