Connie Ella Inge is a wonderful
progressive out of Hawaii I've told you
guys about him before when he was 23
years old he started to run for office
he was a trainer at a gym and he'd work
all morning at the gym and then he'd go
and knock on doors
he lived in a district the only district
in Hawaii that was actually heavily
Republican represented at the state
level by a tea party Republican and he
that incumbent would win comfortably and
nobody thought he had any chance at all
of course nobody was paying any mind to
cannulating and he went and knocked on
every door three times I mean the work
ethic of this guy is unreal he shocked
Hawaii by winning that district and
winning it by a large margin well here
we are again now he is running for the
United States House of Representatives
from Hawaii in the first District and he
finds himself in a significant deficit
and not a lot of time to make it up he
is now polling fourth in that race so
there are three largely establishment
Democrats in front of him one Democrat
who was a Republican a year ago why
don't we elect Democrats for Democratic
positions so now of course people are
beginning to write him off again well he
can't win the elections on August 11th
so that's only five weeks from now and
he's in fourth place and look I'll give
you more stats that are not positive for
him he's 18 points behind so I'm gonna
do something crazy here I am predicting
a victory for Kanye Lange even though
he's in fourth place right now I predict
he will finish in first place five weeks
from now now why am i predicting this
because I believe Kanye Lange is an
excellent candidate and I think
excellent candidates show their true
mettle in times like this I believe that
he has the right attitude in terms of
working hard and making sure that you
actually reach the voters not through
having more money he is adjusted
Democrat he does not take any corporate
PAC money but by actually going knocking
on doors making
phone calls believing in your volunteers
believing in your staff number two I
think that progressive issues do
exceedingly well if you do reach those
voters I know through other campaigns of
Justice Democrats across the country
when you actually get someone on the
phone and you tell them just Democratic
positions which are deeply progressive
medicare-for-all getting all money out
of politics higher minimum wage hey
college education for your kids American
Dream and they could live it too it's
not just for the rich the amount that
that moves people just giving them one
position is stunning sometimes it moves
voters to 1/6 of one margin in favor of
the progressive candidate so then that
leads us to point number three yes he's
got the winning issues he's got the
winning attitude but can he reach enough
voters without having the money
advantage well that's where I think I am
encouraged by what just Democrats have
done in Alexandria Koster cortezes race
and what we have learned in all of these
races through the the wins and the
losses and I believe that they now have
a winning strategy that can reach those
voters so we're gonna find out if I'm
right but when you put those three
things together even though he is
significantly down now in fourth place I
believe he will close that gap and he
will win this race the great thing about
this is we get to find out together so
we will continue to cover that race and
we will have it for you on the night of
August 11th when we cover elections live
we will cover his and you get to find
out if I'm right or if I'm wrong does he
close that 18 point lead can he pull it
off I think politics is an amazing thing
and and I know how far down Alexandria
Cascio Cortez was she at one point was
down 35 points and she came back in one
I believe and as you saw with your own
eyes I think there is very good reason
to believe now if you want to support
Khan yellow egg here are his links Khan
yellow ENCOM is his website and if
you're watching this on YouTube or
Facebook just go to the description box
click on the link
down below to volunteer because that is
what wins elections we have seen it with
our own eyes we've done it and you guys
have participated in that and then small
dollar donations carry these progressive
candidates because they are the
uncorrupted takes no corporate PAC money
so it's on us together to make this
happen
luckily we've done it before two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
