I've now began to focus on a couple of
candidates that you could call
earthquake candidates that would make
that would create an earthquake if they
want one is Alexandria Acacio Cortes
Alexandria is fighting good fight there
I want to help her just Democrats that
cop slash LoCascio again with the link
in the description books she's up
against Joe Crowley was the number four
Democrat in the house in the party
leadership he is one of the top people
that funnels with Wall Street money into
the Democratic Party in Washington they
think that's wonderful what are you
crazy going after Joe Crowley he brings
us all to Wall Street cash back at rebel
headquarters now we've got a great guest
for you guys Alexandria Acacio Cortes
she's running against Joseph Crowley in
New York and this is a pivotal race
there's no question that race is heating
up and as we've seen all across the
country once you've got progressives and
primaries all of a sudden those
incumbents wind up becoming a little bit
more progressive that's right you know a
lot of people know that our challenge
and the media has even credited us with
the fact that our challenge forced
Joseph Crowley to co-sponsor Medicare
after all
for like these people powered campaigns
she's gonna go try to get 10,000
petitions signed so but if she gets
10,000 signatures that means she's
probably gonna win so we're here in the
Bronx outside of Alex's apartment and we
were coming up to go say hi I kind of
got
that we were in the right place when I
saw this we already said hi but let's
walk in individual donors and we just
crapped crossed a major threshold you're
kind of getting a scoop here because we
were waiting for the FEC deadline this
was Friday or so but we officially
crossed a hundred thousand dollars in
campaign contributions and our average
contribution is around eight or nine
dollars a piece near 14 is the source of
a lot of the workers in New York City's
service economy so you know we've our
drivers there all over the city but
where do they live they live here they
live in areas like Parkchester they live
in places more upstate more up up north
in the city up on the outer boroughs
this is where they live this is where
waitresses live this is where cleaners
live this is a working-class community
and we need to have representation that
advocates us fiercely for working-class
people as possible from this seat so Joe
Crowley is congressman from New York is
very powerful arguably one of the top
Democrats in the House why he raised a
lot of money I'm sure that money in a
second but there's someone finally
challenging him Alexandria Acacio
portents she is doing phenomenally well
Crowley's never had a challenge like
this before hence a meet dubbing her
Alexandria the great this is a
particularly important race in New York
is Crowley such a power play in the
Democratic Party Bernie Sanders versus
Hillary Clinton all over again
now some of you might say I I don't want
to re see that movie some of you might
think I'd like to go back to that movie
but give it a different engine oh and
here's your opportunity let me show you
Alexandria she's
running this campaign and I want to be
clear here we're honest in our reporting
I had another new this reported the
intercept they're a different group but
I do support Alexandria she's adjusted
emma-crats a group that I helped to
start I think she's a wonderful
candidate from that district and I do
not believe that Crowley is a wonderful
candidate and why did I pull it out of
the thin air is it personal not remotely
it's because of this is a huge part of
the system of corruption she is looking
to overthrow that system of corruption
if Alexandria Ocasio Cortez wins and now
she has gotten enough media coverage to
be very very competitive and apparently
Crowley's internal polling shows that he
is in trouble
so if she wins it's an earthquake the
establishment will be shocked by it this
young woman had almost no resources no
institutional help just it started with
the Justice Democrats backing her and
now some other progressive groups that
have come in and been greatly helpful
versus this person that they Revere in
Washington because he's so good at
raising corporate donor money if she
wins David beats Goliath by multiple
results but let's start with the 14th I
do have bad news though for Joe Crowley
because with 51% of the vote she has
expanded her lead to 58 point one
percent to 41 point she's up by 2200
votes
oh god well unless there's something
really wrong here she now stands an
excellent chance of winning we're up to
85 percent she's the exact same Lea that
yes so show it to me what's the numbers
fifty seven point six percent to forty
two point four percent
I'm calling it Alexandra Nasir Cortez
the winner defeating Joe Crowley the
number four Democrat in the house
thank you
oh I'm using gentlemen we got him we got
us
Down Goes Crowley Crowley Down Goes
Crowley
