police in the state of Pennsylvania are
using a hate crime law in order to trump
up charges against minorities who say
things that offend the cops now this has
happened on several occasions and it was
done through an investigation by an
organization known as appeal they found
that in 2016 alone there are at least
four cases where individuals had their
charges increased because of this hate
crime law and it was simply because they
had offended the cops so I'll give you
one of the examples lease in
Pennsylvania are using the state's hate
crimes statute called ethnic
intimidation defined as malicious
intention toward the race color religion
or national origin of another individual
or group of individuals against people
who direct vitriol at them right so
Robbie Sanderson a black man is one of
those people he's 52 years old he's from
North Carolina but was in Pennsylvania
at the time he was arrested for retail
theft in Crafton a small town near
Pittsburgh now while he was getting
arrested he started calling the cops all
sorts of names he referred to them as
Nazis skinheads and Gestapo he also told
one of the officers according to the
officer by the way Brian Tully that he
was going to find his wife and have sex
with her that's funny there's no way
that's not funny did he phrase it like
that I am going to find her wife and
have sex with her okay the cops got very
upset about it okay and so they decided
to use this you know Pennsylvania hate
crime law to allege that he was
committing a hate crime although the
shoplifting had nothing to do with any
type of racial bias or or you know
bigotry or anything like that so ethnic
intimidation increases the penalty for a
crime by making the grading one step
higher than the underlying alleged
bias-motivated offense right so let's
say in this case your charge is
shoplifting
if
it's a misdemeanor they'll up the charge
to something more serious if they accuse
you of a hate crime they are using laws
that were meant to protect minorities to
further you know criminalize minorities
of course and by the way this is one of
the reasons why I was against these hate
crimes and so look I we've had that
debate a million times on the show and I
get the reasons why to do it but once
you start criminalizing some forms of
speech first of all the powerful are
gonna use it against you and and that
was one of my concerns and here we are
now it's a hate crime to say things
against cops this is not a thing like
the cops are a profession they're not a
protected class they're not a type of
person apparently a job unless
apparently in Pennsylvania being a giant
snowflake is a protected class so what
you saw being the worst thing used word
Nazi skinhead and Gestapo they weren't
saying anything about like this is your
race you know I'm tired of this I this
is not the spirit of the law yeah it
probably hurt their feelings they felt
like they were being jerks but that's no
reason to escalate a criminal offense
the toughest guys out there you're
putting your life at risk every day
going out there protecting people you're
gonna get your feelings hurt by some
dude that you're arresting who's saying
that he's got sex with your wife like I
get it it's offensive but like let's
move on he's not actually gonna have sex
with your wife shut the F up Robbie
that's what you say and then you say
really gonna have sex with my wife from
prison I doubt it because that's where
you're spending the night and then you
leave them in the car for three minutes
or just put them in prison no I'm saying
like there's all kinds of wait I get it
you get to interact with him no one who
says you have to be super nice to
everybody you just say you can't tase
him
you can't hit him and you can't charge
him with a hate crime that's designed
for something completely else just show
I'm you know I'm with Jack I don't like
hate crime legislation I don't think we
when somebody beats up a Jewish kid
because he's Jewish you charge him with
with the full force of the law for that
assault that's enough I think it is a
dangerous slope to get into what people
are thinking at the time they commit
this offense to make it more of a crime
Oh
so how far will will this go right so if
everyone looks the other way and and
kind of allows the cops to increase
charges or or give people additional
charges with hate crime laws so if
you're protesting the behavior of your
local police department can they charge
you with a hate crime so let's say that
some agitator shows up and causes
trouble and a bunch of people get
arrested are you gonna be charged with a
hate crime in the state of Pennsylvania
if they decide that they're going to
refer to this sounds like if that people
what was the name of the town Grafton
Grafton yeah if you did the the tender
easily hurt feelings of the police
officers in Grafton yeah it sounds like
you could be if you if they find one
thing to charge you with but like
something like it was an you didn't have
the permit for the protest so they
charge you with that and then they raise
it a level because you used to used the
phrase Gestapo to protest the police I
mean obviously the ACLU says it's
obviously an infringement on for you
yeah the ACLU said is essentially
pushing people to punishing people for
disrespecting police officers which I've
told you is not a crime anywhere in the
country but is in reality the biggest
crime in America because of your
disrespect the police officers they're
gonna find a way to charge you and not
only that now they're gonna use hate
crimes to double charge you and the
absurdity of this applying it to
professions is insanity so if you're at
Occupy Wall Street and or you're part of
the Tea Party you're protesting the wall
street crimes and the bailouts and you
say those are robber barons oh that was
hateful you use the word robber okay
that's a hate crime against Wall Street
off you go to prison I mean this is
crazy and I can get it for the people
who are in favor of hate crimes they say
intent is part of other crimes as well
and that's why they think that it makes
sense we were worried that the powerful
would use it and they ad against the
powerless they are now and and look it's
so and there's absurd ones and there's
ones that makes sense but even those are
now perverted so let me explain two more
examples real quick one guy called a cop
a Gandhi mother-effer I don't know if
the cop was Indian or if the cop was
overly peaceful I don't know what the
intent of that curse was maybe maybe the
cop is is is actually quite violent and
it was offensive to call him peaceful
don't know I don't know if he had some
other relationship Mohandas which could
have been Endora and and and one woman
presumably a mine already said death to
all you white bitches by the way that
was a woman who had called to report a
crime and got increasingly frustrated
that the you know the cops weren't like
hearing her out or something and so they
weren't even investigating her for
committing a crime she's the one who
called the cops now with that said yeah
don't don't say disrespectful things I
guess but even so even if you do it's
not a crime it's not a crime
inappropriate to a police officer it's
not a crime yes unless you're like
flashing inappropriate words yeah police
officers right look that's the one that
comes closest if you actually believe in
hate speech etc but the point was to
protect minorities who are powerless
it's that it wasn't like and if there
was a jurisdiction where black people
are incredibly powerful and they're
beating up on white people then it would
protect white people right but not cops
who are already were really really well
protected and their feelings so I
thought the right wing didn't was all
interested in facts and not feelings but
come to find out apparently not two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
