in immigration news things have
absolutely not gotten better
Trump has moved on from targeting
undocumented immigrants and their
children to targeting asylum seekers
people with green cards and even
naturalized legal US citizens I'll go
through these quickly there's a new
series of proposed rule changes about
asylum seekers you might remember when
Jeff sessions said that only people who
had been persecuted by their government
could seek asylum and so people who had
been persecuted by gang violence or
domestic violence were no longer
eligible now there's a proposed set of
rules that include rejecting Asylum C
rejecting Asylum for anyone who has
illegally entered the country which for
a lot of people is the only way to get
in when you're fleeing violence and also
rejecting asylum for people who have
things like traffic violations just
minor infractions misdemeanors stuff
like that there's a bunch of other
proposed rules but essentially the idea
is to stop people from seeking asylum in
the United States there's also I would
say an even worse trend right now to get
green green card holders out of this
country so our recently ice has started
rounding up green card holders who have
committed minor offenses 62 year-old
Jose Luis Garcia was a lawful permanent
resident and has been since 1988 he was
rented up by ice agents for a
misdemeanor case of domestic violence
from 2001 that was almost 20 years ago
for which he served a 25 day sentence
during a three-day sting ice agents
picked up 162 people 15 of them lawful
permanent residents and currently Garcia
is in custody and as a bond hearing
actually today to decide whether or not
he will remain in custody until his
cases is looked at by the executive
office of immigration review not just
that but naturalized citizens like so
I'm a naturalized citizen I came here in
1992 if my family was born in Ukraine
right now the Trump administration is
looking at naturalized citizen
applications for any inconsistencies in
order to strip them of citizenship so
potentially under this new investigation
this new task force I who's been here
since 1992 could be stripped of my
citizenship by the Trump administration
if they you know say like oh well your
parents
fill out this form the right way this is
said we know that multiple members of
the Trump family have you blocked on
Twitter so you're probably not on their
good list right yeah I may be in the
crosshairs I mean the fact is
everybody's been saying this that the
Trump administration's attack on
immigrants does not stop with
undocumented immigrants it is all
immigrants I mean the fact that he is
targeting naturalized citizens who are
already do you know how hard it is to
strip someone of their citizenship it is
almost illegal by the by international
law the UN there's a there's a UN
document that essentially says that you
can't reduce someone to being stateless
and yet the Trump administration is
trying extremely hard to do that so I
mixed feelings about this so why it
sounds terrible outrageous etc so part
of it is because they said they were
gonna do a lot of this and and people
voted for him and so then you should
have made sure to defeat him and part of
the reason why I said during the general
election even if you think you live in a
safe blue state vote for Hillary Clinton
because this guy is a monster an
unmitigated monster for the people who
said oh lesser of two evils I say yeah
but oh they're both evil what is
significantly more evil than the other
and that makes a difference
this is that more evil that we warned
you about so I'm not surprised they're
doing this now there's a lot of logical
absurdity to it on in for the asylum
seekers they say okay if you're not
coming through a port of entry we're
gonna say well that was one illegal act
you did by crossing in the wrong place
so you then you by definition you can't
get asylum okay do they know where if
they're running for their lives do they
know where the ports of entry are did
they study that up do they have a
smartphone on them to look it up I mean
I don't these are some of the poorest
people on earth right okay but hey I'm
sure the people who voted for him love
that then they knew absurdities like
well if you go through two countries
that means you can't get asylum so okay
that means if hey
if you're a little further down Central
America you're all banned you're all
banned if you took two weeks to get here
from wherever you started because you're
going on foot because you have no money
whatsoever
you're banned okay now these are all
preposterous and and of course as usual
filled with hypocrisy as well blue
states like California are saying for
some of the people that are already here
that are seeking asylum if they have
things like traffic tickets that could
cost them I've caused them problems in
their Asylum we're gonna wipe it out
we're gonna expunge their record
including misdemeanors and the right
wing goes I don't care about your
state's rice that was just the thing I
used to oppress black people I don't
actually care about states rights no
California you have no states rights to
do that
even though you have explains their
record we're gonna go back in time find
their record and use it against them
anyway but this is what they said they
said they were gonna be vicious and
cruel and here they are it's all
politics I mean the results for the
people was not political the results for
the people was very real but again this
is a this is an effort this is just
didn't his attack on immigrants
obviously started before the election
but it began in earnest here in 2018 as
we near a midterm election and all these
things just work for them in their mind
and my fear of course is that it will
continue to work that's what they want
to do is that pit America against
American certainly when possible
American against Mexican that always
works and they think that'll pay off and
get people motivated and excited an
electorate the theory goes that what
we're presuming we've seen it in
certainly in the special elections is
that Republicans aren't motivated and
won't turnout in November of 2018 and
this is an effort to make sure that
they're motivated by apply a sort of
appealing to their lowest most basic and
base instinct and and what what
motivates Republicans hope no fear and
hatred yeah I totally agree that the
scary hypothetical is what if this
doesn't work and what comes after
demonizing immigrants to scare the
American via there are other things they
could try and and you know
Republicans who would have major major
political issues with and-and-and-and
conduct issues with of how to handle
politics and rhetoric issues with but
you know I got no I I do have a number
of Republican friends and I believe that
most of them are clinging to an idea of
republicanism of that party that is that
just does not exist anymore there yeah
they are stuck in an idea of George HW
Bush and the Brent Scowcroft and you
know going back a little further it up
to you know Howard Baker Alan Simpson
that group and those guys aren't around
anymore I didn't agree with those guys
on anything but they wouldn't have done
this if I did I was a Republican back
then and man and you're right Bend there
are a ton of Republicans left in the
country they were on Team Republican and
they never got off of it and they don't
pay much attention and they have no idea
how horrific and despicable the
Republican politicians of today have
become and they hate and they hate
Democrats and I don't hate the people
but they they you know don't they're
instinctively they don't not trust the
Democratic Party at all and I understand
that but but this is a these these are
these are dangerous different
exceptional times and like I can't like
George will said it's incumbent on those
people to bite the bullet and vote
against their party in November all
right one last thing for again those
old-school Republicans who are still
clinging to her image of a party that is
actually open and accepting but just
likes lower taxes let it go it's no the
Trump administration and all the
Republicans in Congress now are against
all immigrants they're not against
illegal immigrants they also in their
proposals specifically say we are
against the Visa Lottery and we are
against family based immigration which
is the heart of immigration in this
country the majority of the immigrants
come through family based now to Joe's
point they're stripping the people that
have green cards there's trying to go
after naturalized citizens people who
are 100% citizens now why are they doing
that
you think they they're doing it because
they care so much about justice this guy
Jose Luis Garcia that Jose mentioned he
served 25 days in jail
for something that was so minor his wife
literally doesn't even remember it right
and it back in 2001 and they come and
get him even though he's already he has
a green card that hasn't been an issue
forever he's got a family he's got
grandchildren no they just want to this
what do people talking about abolishing
ice at first I was a little reluctant
and but they are they're asking is the
Gestapo and they're doing it based on
race they don't want brown people in the
country and I'll grant you that they
think well brown people vote Democratic
it's not that I embrace this by my
nature it's that I am doing racist
policies to help me politically that's
right there's two there's two there's a
two-fold approach to that is that one
it's to win right now in 2018 and second
its to prevented a horribly slow down
the wave of brown votes that they
presume will be Democratic votes in the
years to come and be favored they're
very explicit about that you know looked
at you know and the wonderful piece I
think Jason Jones did the piece for The
Daily Show maybe I'm wrong about that
but when he went to North Carolina for
their you know now which is sort of
commonplace when they were expunging
voters from the rolls and he got that
party official in North Carolina to say
well I what I'm trying to get I don't
want that they love black people they're
gonna vote Democrats and I'm a
Republican and I'm trying to like
Republican so I need to make sure those
people can't vote and he was like is
that helpful to your story that's
helpful to know that and for at least
some people to admit that and now
several people have accidentally
admitted that and so if it helps you to
sleep at night that your party is racist
for their own political advantage
instead of being racist because they
hate certain minorities congratulations
man that is damning with faint praise
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
