updates on the tragic shooting from
yesterday that killed five people at the
capital Gazette in Maryland
new details that the assailant Jared
Ramos used to be a federal employee with
the Bureau of Labor Statistics but was
let go in 2014 for quote security
sustainability concerns and records show
that he wasn't allowed to return to his
building for security reasons his motive
is not been yet been confirmed and here
we have some sketches of him in the
courtroom he was in court today and his
bond was denied so he'll be detained
until his court date his motive is also
not yet been confirmed but it appears he
had filed a defamation lawsuit against
the paper for reporting on his
harassment of a woman and subsequent
criminal harassment charge in 2011 for
which he played for which he was placed
on 18 months of supervised probation and
in spite of the charge police say that
the weapon he used a pump-action shotgun
was purchased legally so I mean that's
again we have to change the gun laws in
this country some more small details on
the shooting including that Ramos barred
the exit doors and according to the
county police chief he quote was there
to kill as many people as he could kill
additionally it was reported yesterday
that it was reported yesterday that he
damaged his fingertips and did not carry
ID to avoid identification but police
were able to identify him in a few hours
based on facial recognition software
which I mean I hope it really hurt for
him to burn his fingers and you know try
to do that because it didn't work
authorities are still investigating his
background and the crime scene and will
update as more details come up as soon
as I hear the facial recognition thing I
think oh that's good and then I think
yeah I guess I guess they should have
something like that you know the one
other thing I want to say really quick
is that he he had been harassing this
female journalist she reported him said
that she thought he would become a mass
shooter at some point and then he
legally buys a shotgun so I just want
you to bear that in mind in the future
when you hear people say oh well they
were there were legally obtained guns so
we don't need any gun control yes they
are legally obtained after there is
significant fears that you are going to
murder a bunch of people so he literally
colonists I had a criminal charge yeah
for I mean it seems like someone who's
stalking
woman should not be able to buy a gun
that seems like a terrible idea but yeah
well unfortunately a country littered
with terrible ideas mainly from the
right wing so yesterday I was obviously
furious about the shooting and I guess
people want people to be calm about
shootings and no I'm not going to be
calm about it and I partly blamed Donald
Trump we were very clear in the video
that at the time we didn't know the
motives of the shooter but that there
were a couple of issues that that that
Trump I think was responsible for one is
he has done nothing about the nonstop
massacres in this country constantly
talks about it he alone can protect you
he was supposed to be the big tough guy
that brought you security where is it
where is the security know where the
massacres have not abated at all under
Trump now some people online are like
yeah but I mean look because but we're
used to massacres in America other
presidents had massacres - that's right
and that's why we should stop it with
the frickin guns in every single
person's hand but you don't want to do
that and Trump doesn't want to do that
so Trump said he's gonna be a tough guy
he was gonna hold the NRA accountable
did he know nothing he did nothing so
you've got two choices one he is a
coward and corrupt and serves NRA
because they pay him - or he's totally
incompetent and is never ever going to
be able to keep you safe does it look
like I'm apologizing no I am NOT I won't
back down 1% yeah Trump said he would
keep people safe no he did not
and he does it because he gets paid by
the NRA so let me give you facts and are
a spending the 2016 election cycle was
fifty four million dollars fifty four
million dollars almost all that going to
Republicans the amount they spent
directly on Trump was thirty point three
million dollars well for that thirty
million dollar bribe they get gun laws
that say you can commit any Massacre you
like
nobody's ever gonna do anything about it
we're not gonna ban the bump stocks
we're not gonna ban assault weapons
we're not gonna do federal background
checks because Donald Trump is corrupt
and has already been bribed so he's not
going to do anything you know and
finally one more thing Ben one more stat
NRA spending in the past 15 years on
bribing politicians these are legal
bribes but they are bribes bill moyers
makes a great point if you go up to
plate right before you're gonna swing
you go to Empire
oh here's a couple of thousand dollars
no he's an honorable gentleman he won't
that's not a bribe I'm just talking to I
just think he should be continued to be
an umpire yes
so that's why I gave him money right no
that's a bribe and when you give a
politician a campaign donation or do
independent expenditures those are
bribes that's what they are everybody
knows it so how much did they do in the
last 15 years a hundred and thirty two
million dollars worth of legalized
bribes from the NRA to scummy
politicians like Donald Trump and that's
why the massacres continue including
this one so you know you we you and I
occasionally have arguments is strong
but we disagree about the nature of
calling all of those donations bribes
although it would love to get money out
of politics says you would because I
sometimes have a tough time believing
that a politician would risk his
political future because he got ninety
five hundred dollars from the
telecommunications industry in a
campaign where he raised two million
dollars right no I mean you could argue
that he would but I hate but I think
it's too low a number that you could
sure it's certainly not provable it
wouldn't hold up in court
I don't think right thirty point three
million dollars is a tough it's a tough
sell that that doesn't influence your
policy yeah it definitely influences
also I mean just going by those numbers
okay so you can take a look at that
hundred and thirty two million dollars
and say oh my god this is a lobby that
spends a lot of money although of course
other industries spend far more but
focusing on the NRA one hundred and
thirty two million dollars over fifteen
years was it it's a good number of
presidential elections fifty million of
it more than one-third of everything
they've spent in fifteen years was on
this cycle predominantly on Donald Trump
they really thought they could get
something good out of him they did they
got non-stop massacres with nothing to
check them and remember
those are helpful to the NRA and the gun
manufacturers not just because hey
people bought a gun and they use that
good for sales but because it sends a
panic across the country which leads to
further gun sales well every massacre
leads to a spike in gun sales and you
have to understand something
this is like the people on TV sometimes
drive me crazy they're like oh one
sounds like had a bit of a conspiracy
theory that they'd want to make a profit
yeah unfortunately their line of
business makes a profit from creating
something that kills things and those
things include human beings and the more
human beings that are killed the higher
their profits so we created an incentive
for massacres and we've dead told our
politician go ahead and take all their
bribes and don't do anything about it
so don't get surprised and is it the
right wing's fault
yes absolutely completely and then let
me be further clear about this today so
oh I criticize Donald Trump yesterday
for attacking the media and then the
newspaper gets attacked and and five
people die so this guy seems to have a
previous beef with this particular
newspaper and Jules pointed out did he
snap because now he died been going on
for seven years seven years did he then
hear of Trump saying that the press is
the enemy of the people and that's what
put him over the top I don't know I'll
grant you that speculation well but am i
saying that's an that has nothing new
with it well you have no evidence that
that has nothing to do with it and it
doesn't help when the president of the
United States keeps telling people they
are the enemy of the people what do you
do with the enemy especially of a gun
what do you do with the enemy okay so
yes this is Trump's fault and no I will
not back down not even 1% from that same
you know and the only the only
hesitation that I have in waiting into
this argument is that it gives
ammunition poor choice awards to the
people on the other side who are gonna
argue that we can ever prove this point
right we can never prove the the cause
in effect i I don't need to prove
cause in effect because the President of
the United States should never under any
circumstances call the press the enemy
of the people it was horrendous and a
gargantuan failure and abdication
responsibility before anything happened
and of course I'm sure there will be
more and will not be able to prove those
either but the idea that the president
United States thinks it's okay not just
okay
is emboldened to do it likes doing it
knows that it fires up his people when
you call the press people who are
interested in seeking out the truth some
do it better than others but that's the
goal that you call them the enemy of the
people that is what that's what
dictators do that's what fascists right
wing administration's do and right wing
governments have done and communist
left-wing governments have done for
generations in addition to inciting this
violence and saying that the press were
the enemy of the people
Trump also spoke today about the
shooting during a speech about his tax
bill we have a clip of that journalists
like all Americans should be free from
the fear of being violently attacked
while doing their job my government will
not rest until we have done everything
in our power to reduce violent crime and
to protect innocent life no you have
what they do there was how many
massacres have they've been parkland
Vegas and the list goes on and on and on
and on and on a southern Springs okay
and so you seem like you're resting a
lot you played a lot of golf since those
massacres and you've done nothing
nothing to address it nothing so spare
me your thoughts and prayers and we're
gonna work around the clock no you're
gonna work around the clock getting more
money from the NRA you corrupt
swamp creature you thug you know you're
going around calling people anyway the
people now now you pretend to you care
about journalists you don't care about
journalists it's this guy when a Maxine
Waters said hey if you see people in
restaurants etc you know call him out
right and so they pretended that she
said hit them which she never said
attacked them would she never said she
called for violence or anything
approaching but and Trump threatened her
over it that's right so
Trump tweets watch out what you wish for
Mex okay could you imagine if Obama had
said to a Republican politician female
Republican politician watch out what you
wish for you just might get it right in
reference to violence do you think that
Fox News might have called him a thug do
you think they might have called him a
thug and so this guy aids and abets of
violence non-stop he did it during the
campaign in all of his rallies throw him
out punch him in the face assault them
I'll pay your legal bills so spare me
your thoughts and prayers your your
monster you aid and abet all of this too
easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
