a quick update for everyone in regard to
the shooting that happened in Maryland
at the newsroom Sarah Sanders has
apparently chimed in on what occurred
and I just I just find that her tweet is
incredibly ironic considering that she's
the press secretary for a man who
consistently on a regular basis attacks
the media and refers to them as an enemy
of the state
Sarah sander says that an attack on
journalists doing their job is an attack
on every American hmm that is her tweet
I wonder if she's leaving the White
House so there was a story recently that
the Trump is now deciding whether he's
going to grade her performances and he's
dissatisfied with her part of it was
because she did not walk out of the
White House Correspondents Dinner when
Michelle wolf was making fun of her what
an arbitrary and preposterous thing to
get upset about
which would make Sarah Huckabee sense
Sanders and the administration look
worse by the way yeah they would look
childish if she walked right right and
so but but Donald Trump his child twenty
thought she should have done it so he's
now worried that she's weak he's the
worst so I don't know if that is a
subconscious shot at Trump probably not
I there so brazen and all of their lies
and their hypocrisy they should probably
just says that with a straight face as
an appointed out Trump just said in a
rally the press is the enemy of the
people now he said it over and over
again of course he's called the press
fake news over and over again
now 92% of Republicans believe that the
press does nothing but fake news
fabricate stories fabricate stories just
gets in a newsroom like the one that was
shot up today in Maryland and decides
what are we gonna make up to attack
Donald Trump and that drives tremendous
anger towards those individuals and the
from the right wing and and now five are
dead and and then say enemy of the
people makes it completely clear that's
not hey they're biased
that's not here's how they got a story
wrong or shaded a story no enemy of the
people and you know what you do to enemy
are the people
and for Sarah Huckabee Sanders to come
out today and to say that
anyone who attacks the press is what
against America an attack against the
press or an attack against journalists
doing their job is an attack on every
American on every American so your boss
attacks every American on a daily basis
based on your own quote and it's in
arguable is she really gonna go out
there in the next press conference and
say no Donald Trump does not attack the
press who can possibly say that so thank
you for your clarity at least on this
one issue sonography sanders two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
