Fox News has a new CEO her name is
suzanne scott and apparently she is very
much concerned about some of the
inflammatory statements that have been
made by Fox News hosts on its air so she
called a meeting according to some Fox
insiders who spoke to the press to
essentially warn producers that they are
responsible for the behavior of their
hosts and they need to do everything
possible to ensure that they don't say
things that will get them in trouble and
just destroy the Fox News brand so here
is the information that we have via
Politico so Scott summoned top show
producers for a meeting last week and
delivered a clear message they need to
be in control of their hosts and
panelists Scott told the producers that
they would be held accountable for
anything said on-air and that it was
their job to head off any inappropriate
remarks now if you're wondering if
there's been some stuff on the air
recently that's gotten Fox in trouble
yes there has been let's take a quick
look at a fashion purse that
ten-year-old a girl with Down syndrome
who was taken from her mother and put in
a cage I read about kids are being
separated from their parents and
temporarily housed and what are
essentially summer camp camps or is the
San Diego union-tribune described them
today as looking like basically boarding
schools and you this is these are not
like it or not these aren't our kids
show them compassion but it sound like
he's doing this to the people of Idaho
or or or Texas these are people from
another country and then they got to be
schooled and a lot of them uh sadly when
in my neighborhood turn into ms-13 my
neighborhood turned into ms-13 yes he's
living in a neighborhood that is riddled
with gang violence that's never not
funny the idea of Brian Kilmeade who's a
millionaire living in a neighborhood
riddled with thirteen-year-old kids who
turned into ms-13 is hilarious he paused
and stumbled right before he said it and
I think that in his mind he was thinking
like there were two voices in his mind
one voice was like don't say that you
idiot please don't say that the other
was like go for it yeah do it
they say no okay but to be fair I heard
that ms-13 did change their theme music
to move it on up to the Upper East Side
anyway so look let me tell you guys to
be fair MSNBC also does the same thing I
know that from experience because I was
there and and so in part of this
political piece they say that the
producers then get in the ear of their
hosts sometimes in the middle of the
show and that's literal they have an IFB
and we do too when we have guests on for
example to hear them and and when I was
on MSNBC the producers would get in my
ear and say don't say that when they
wanted to make sure that I wasn't
hitting the establishment Democrats and
including up to President Obama and so
the reason that Fox News does this is
similar to the reason MSNBC does it
because it's all about the money
Lebowski so they they want to
advertisers the advertisers are getting
skittish and so they did not laura
ingraham got boycotted Sean Hannity did
for some time they're losing a lot of
advertisers so they're like producers
rein in your hosts we want him to be
maniacal but not so maniacal that they
cost us money
and so that's they're doing standard
cable news by the way they did get in
Laura Ingram's you're in that summer
camp story later in that same show she
came out in summer camps oh I see you
still like to make money to easy ways
for young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
