Justice Anthony Kennedy is retiring
future is gonna be awful for your
children as long as the existing power
structure stays the same but at least
Republicans will be able to take away
women's autonomy over their own bodies
and maybe we'll cancel all the gay
marriages so yeah now this is monumental
since it will push the Supreme Court of
the United States which has skewed right
for 50 years even further to the right
but there are important lessons here for
liberals first there's no large voting
bloc for the hashtag never Trump
moderate conservatives that is a fallacy
the Republican Party is the party of
Donald Trump that's why they love him
every moderate conservative who speaks
out against Trump still votes with Trump
90% of the time as I've said a million
times during his campaign Trump mostly
pushes for Republican policies loudly
but while Republicans used to be more
subtle Trump kind of gives the game away
with his Trump isms like saying Mexicans
are rapists instead of saying we need
stronger borders or saying that women
should be punished for having abortions
instead of saying doctors should be
punished for performing them which is
either good communication or bad
depending on your level of education and
how politely you want your politicians
to say I don't care about women or
people of color Justice Kennedy is
retiring before the midterm elections
only so that Trump can appoint a younger
and more conservative justice in his
place and nothing else and while we're
on that subject let's look at Kennedy's
voting record Kennedy's judicial
philosophy is incomprehensible but given
that the difference between an
originalist in a living
constitutionalist is simply a
justification for a judge's personal
opinions kennedy presents an interesting
case because of his swing vote status
now kennedy voted progressively for
things like gay marriage and to uphold
legal abortion and against solitary
confinement and capital punishment but
was conservative on almost everything
else on issues like purging registered
voters from voter rolls the Muslim ban
upholding gerrymandering denying the
Florida recount which wound up handing
george w bush the presidency blocking
gun control measures and most
importantly opening the citizens united
floodgates that unleashed virtually
unlimited corporate campaign spending on
our already broken political system his
resignation means that Trump will
absolutely nominated pro-life candidate
he has mentioned this a million times
and he will do it roe v-- wade will
likely get overturned because the idea
that Republicans care about choice is an
outright lie
Republicans do not give a about choice
they also don't care about the truth or
Transparency as they demonstrated with
the decision to allow fake crisis
pregnancy centers to continue lying to
women about abortion Thank You Justice
Kennedy for that one now speaking of
things Republicans don't care about
here's your third lesson in your final
one Republicans also don't give a about
hypocrisy Mitch McConnell's stole a
Supreme Court seat from Obama by
claiming that a presidential election
what allowed a citizen to vote for who
they wanted as the next SCOTUS when the
people had already voted for Obama to
make this decision and Obama still tried
to appoint a centrist judge Merrick
garland thinking that Republicans would
respond in good faith by agreeing to
this reasonable compromise pick a
terrible idea all around because Mitch
did not even let Merrick touch the
Senate floor as we have seen over and
over again relying on good faith only
leads to crippling defeat the other side
is stop playing fair Democrats stop
trying to play fair you idiots the
Republicans are winning because you're
trying to play fair you must be
disobedient you must take it to the
streets you must do everything in your
legal constitutionally protected power
to ensure that this SCOTUS vote is
delayed until the midterms end and in
the meantime if you care about changing
the direction this country is headed and
pulling us back from the precipice of a
dictatorial oligarchy you must vote
during the midterms
