back in February there were a number of
high-profile ice raids done in the Bay
Area in Oakland California for instance
and at one point the Oakland mayor had
Ward the community that there was
another raid coming and this became a
huge story because the Trump
administration and Jeff Sessions in
particular had claimed that the actions
of the mayor had allowed criminals to
get away but it turns out that the
spokesperson for ice at the time had
decided to resign because he believed
that that narrative was a flat-out lie
now there was also the issue of who
leaked that upcoming raid to the mayor
of Oakland and it looks like the
Department of Homeland Security is
trying to place that blame on the very
spokesperson who decided to quit his job
back in March
now that former I spokesperson is James
Schwab and CBS was interviewing him
about this whole story why did he quit
why did he leave what went on he said
that he felt compelled to resign after
the current administration told him to
lie about an incident that pitted the
government against the Oakland Mayor he
said we ended up arresting 232 people
which is 16% higher than our highest
estimates so internally that was
considered a success but what they
publicly said meaning the Trump
administration was that she let people
go so to give you an example Attorney
General Jeff Sessions said ice failed to
make 800 arrests because of the mayor's
statement but James Schwab says that is
completely untrue
he says completely false that made me
extremely uncomfortable after they
failed to correct it it's a flat-out lie
they know it's a lie it was just
shocking to me that no one wanted to fix
that so he decided to quit as a result
of those lies
so he's explaining all of this to the
CBS reporter in his own home about what
had really occurred and in the middle of
that happening he gets a surprise visit
take a look we were interrupted by a
surprise
a very persistent community he had
unexpected visitors at the front door of
his home the men identified themselves
as agents from the department of
homeland security inspector general's
office is about the incident he were in
his home so I'm talking to him this is
confidential okay they just said that
they wanted to talk to me about the leak
with the Oakland mayor were you
surprised to see them completely shocked
unexpected did you ever contact the
Oakland mayor's office no I've never met
her before I never contacted
I never emailed never I would never tell
her I would never tell anyone so that's
strange those were agents from the
Department of Homeland Security they
show up to his home in the middle of
this interview with CBS where he's
explaining the reason behind why he quit
his job look I don't know that they did
it on purpose but Schwab's things that
might be the case he said why three
months later are we doing this this is
intimidation and this is why people
won't come out and speak against the
government and look this is what
governments who want to do intimidation
do oh you're gonna speak out against us
you're gonna be a whistleblower or
you're gonna be a conscientious objector
I mean he didn't do whistleblowing he
didn't reveal any secrets he's quit his
job he just he is actually should be the
role model for people like Sarah
Huckabee Sanders she voluntarily goes
out and lies for the administration
every single day and this guy when they
asked him to lie he was a spokesperson
price and he's like I can't I don't
that's not true and I'm not going to lie
so I'm not gonna do anything where I you
know reveal some cover meeseeks or
anything I'm just not gonna do that job
I'm gonna go get another job because I
don't want to lie for a living I call
that an American Hero and the government
thinks that's right so we got to make
sure that we put an end to it send some
goons
I mean agents to
his house put them in brown shirts I
mean white shirts and make sure that
they knock on his door and let him know
okay you don't get to embarrass us
publicly well why'd you want me to do
like his only other choice was stain the
job and purple see tell people things
that he knows is not true that's right
that's what you do okay our freedoms and
our democracy is deteriorating in our in
front of our very eyes it's happening
right now you know all of these
arguments about the necessity of guns to
prevent tyranny I mean but where we're
headed in that direction right now and
those guns aren't protecting us in fact
those guns are doing nothing more than
hurting us and killing us right so how
does anyone look at a video like that
and just see with their plain eyes what
the Department of Homeland Security is
doing in the middle of this man having
an interview with CBS it was a surprise
visit he was not expecting them he did
not have a meeting with them there was
no appointment they just happened to
show up in the middle of this interview
and know what he's talking about yeah
that is a startling coincidence but even
if it's a coincidence
oh is it a coincidence though how would
they know how would they know what might
have been that they don't know that
there's an any of you going on they just
happen to want to talk to him about the
leaks at that exact time but even in
that startling coincidence a
hypothetical possibility think about it
you you just all you say is I don't want
to lie for you and they go oh now
there's an investigation of you what's
the investigation about leak it's about
a leak I mean if you're the government
you can do an investigation with no
evidence about anything about anything
at all do you have any evidence that he
sent an email to the Oakland mayor no
you do you have any evidence on anything
no but I'd like to go bang on his door
as show him who's in charge and what
what's our investigation about what do
we make sure it's about a leak and next
time you point out the truth it's gonna
be consequences so that's what that
knock on the door was whether they knew
CBS was in there or not and if they knew
CBS was in there which I grant you Anna
is far far more likely that's them
putting a knock on all of our doors
saying oh now you guys want to celebrate
someone who won't
live for the government well remember
there are consequences so anybody else
in government who won't do our bidding
will come for you hey look at that we
sent that message on TV what a nice
break for us goons
I thought the Republicans were worried
about jackbooted thugs from big
government now they celebrate that yeah
because they don't actually have any
principles at all the only thing they
believe in is an authoritarian
government where some dictator oppresses
us all and why do they ever say about
liberals oh they just want to control
your lives projection liberals just want
to be left alone they just want equality
of opportunity but then what are the
Republicans say oh no no they want to
control control your lives go go do
whatever you're gonna do all the guy
want to do was go get another job
because he didn't want to live for a
living no no we're gonna send big
government in there with our agents and
tell them how dare you and right-wing
applauds because they never had any
principles at all too easy wasteful
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
