so joining me now the new Democratic
nominee for the governor of Maryland and
what of course progressives hope is the
soon-to-be governor of Maryland Ben
Jealous been great to have you here and
congrats on your victory last night
Thank You judges
you know we're pretty happy man yeah
yeah so Ben your victory breaks down
into two parts and I think they are
equally important and that's why we
featured your race prominently on The
Young Turks overall for the whole
network one was the primary where it was
a classic matchup of the progressive
versus the more establishment candidate
and you come from the Bernie Sanders
wing and you were a surrogate for
Sanders come from the progressive can-do
wing of the party your opponent
unfortunately came from the well let's
not try things too much wing now that
race is settled I want to talk about
that for a second and then I want to
talk about the really important race you
having the general election because that
also is really important for a different
reason but let's just talk about the
race that you just won so a lot of the
Maryland politicians were on your
opponent's side and they said well
you're trying for too much change and
they imply that you didn't have enough
executive experience which I thought was
a little offensive given that you let
the n-double-a-cp for five years and all
the other organizations that you've led
but how did how did that get settled you
know tell me about the dynamics of that
race and why you think you won that race
well there's two questions there right
how did they get settled and how do we
win I mean you know how it ended was
actually pretty good a lot of those
long-standing leaders of our party had
frankly called me before they endorsed
my opponent told me that they had cut
that deal two years ago that they had no
choice and a few of them even said that
they would that actually hoped I would
win and so we you know frankly there's
we're a family here and we know each
other we respect each other and it was
it's very easy to come together at the
end of this how we want is the way that
we will win again
we traveled to every corner of the state
and we listened to people early on and
then from that point on we talked to
people about what it would actually take
to solve the real problems facing their
families in real time and we just did it
again and again talking about how we
finally fully fund our public schools
talking about how we end mass
incarceration and take the money that we
save and use that to bring down the cost
of college to young people in the cost
of graduate school and we talked about
how we finally get our healthcare costs
under control by simply doing what every
other the Western nation has already
done and by doing that again and again
it worked
you know people doesn't matter and if
you're in West Baltimore or Western
Maryland chances are the issues facing
your family or the same I mean there can
you know cut things around the edges and
there can be a big local issue but 80
percent of the issues will be the cents
what I love to dive into is the
mechanics of how people want especially
if their progresses so that the movement
can learn lessons and can apply it to
other races so your race was
neck-and-neck for a long time and and
people were not sure who was going to
win and as it turned out you won by
about 10 points which is a very
comfortable margin in in that context so
what do you think were the different
things that you guys did in your
campaign whether it was volunteers or
how you raised money I don't know you
tell me
sure Lou think made a difference in
getting that victory you know the the
decisive decision for us was to spend
time very early on pulling a union after
union environmentalist group after
environmentalist group big progressive
organization and after neighborhood
progressive organization because we knew
frankly how to win my campaign manager
and I met when I was leading the effort
to abolish the death penalty in the
state and he was managing the effort to
pass the DREAM Act and I became co-chair
of that campaign too and we won those
big victories we helped pass marriage
equality
and we learned that year that the way
the wind in our state quite frankly is
to get as many groups as possible to
declare the motto of the three
musketeers and just say all for one and
one for all and we knew from the very
beginning if we just built a bigger more
robust coalition than anybody else we
would win now the risk that we took
early on as I was just told straight up
look man you're gonna raise money for a
campaign you're basically building a
bicycle a bicycle is gonna have two
wheels one of those are contributions
that come from individuals and frankly
they're gonna tend to be rich folks and
they're gonna be pretty high average
donation and the other is corporate
contributions and I said well look I'm
this willing to ride a unicycle and if
that means if we lose out to the
bicycles I will lose this race on that
alone as it turned out we ended up
having more individual donations than
any other candidate and frankly more
individual donations and all the other
candidates put together 99.9% of our
contributions came from people the other
point one percent owned one-tenth of one
percent actually slightly less than that
came from trade unions and small
businesses many of those small
businesses we're giving things in kind
like food to the campaign from Busboys
and poets and we shocked people because
we raise money faster than anybody else
and we did it with the lowest average
donation in the race almost half of the
guy running on the public option and so
we showed so you can win a Democratic
primary in Maryland bidding 99.9% of
their money from real people and and
Ben's campaign range is three million
dollars which is an amazing total when
it comes from individual donations it
wouldn't be an amazing total if it was
corporate PAC money then you could raise
that fairly quickly but it was a bold
and important and correct and
progressive decision to not do that and
and by the way one of the reasons that
Ben Jealous got the endorsement of the
Justice Democrats and it was a huge
night for that organization last night
as Alexander Acacio Cortez who was a
just Democrat from day one the first
candidate ever and Ben Jealous won so
huge night for progressives over also
let's talk about your upcoming race now
Larry Hogan as things stand are is a
popular governor of Maryland and so the
second reason why you race is so
important is because there is an idea
out there that if you want to beat
someone like Larry Hogan you have to go
towards the right wing and you have to
be just you know in the centrist camp
now you're also defying that you're
saying no I'm gonna run as a progressive
in the general election as well I'm not
gonna do any pivots etc so if you win
doing that strategy it will be a really
important test for the progressive
movement that's why I think it's really
important for all progressives watching
this to make sure that you continue to
support Ben because that campaign is a
testing ground it's important for all of
us so talk to me about your strategy
about how to win the general election
you know look I've said from the very
beginning I can't zigzag because I have
size 14 feet and I'll trip you know
we're just gonna keep running in one
direction and quite honestly it's not
towards the left it's not towards the
right it's towards the people I come
into this as the former national
president the n-double-a-cp and I know
that when I worked in States frankly
states far more conservative than our
state to shrink their prison system more
rapidly we did it with bipartisan
support because we listened to people
and we pulled folks together you know we
got fiscal conservatives who were just
concerned the prison says it was growing
too rapidly we got libertarians who
frankly agree with us on a bunch of
criminal justice issues now and we got
Christian conservatives to join with
progressives to join with the civil
rights community because frankly they're
in the prisons doing prison ministry and
they understand what few folks do which
is that we don't just have the most
incarcerated black and brown people on
the planet we also have the most
encourage rated white people on the
planet and it's destroying their
families too and quite frankly what they
tend to have in common is that those
families were too poor to afford their
own lawyer and so that taught me a real
lesson when I was running the n-double
a-c-p is that when you run towards the
people you can create a new center a
center founded on courage and common set
and that's what we're doing in this race
because the cup quite frankly you know
having loved ones who are addicted to
heroin or two or two pills that's not a
part as an issue it's a people issue
struggling to pay student debt not a
partisan issue it's a people issue
worried that your kids are not getting a
great education at public schools not a
partisan issue but a people issue where
there are tax system isn't fair that it
you know let's hedge fund managers pay a
a lower tax rate of their secretary
while we have senior citizens on fixed
incomes or having their houses
foreclosed on in Baltimore because they
can't afford their property taxes that's
a people issue too and so we're just
gonna run straight towards the people um
and we're gonna have courage to speak
frankly common sense put real solutions
on the table you know just one of the
gifts I had in my life is that a hundred
and one year old Maryland social worker
who helped train Barbara Mikulski also
helped train me she's my grandmother and
she told me again and again
baby don't try to half solve a problem
because you still got a problem so my
ideal with the people of Maryland is
simple when I bring you a solution it'll
be for the whole problem we will talk
honestly about what it will take and
then we'll fight hard and we'll get it
done what I'm known for in the state the
reason I was named Marylander of the
year in 2013 by the Baltimore Sun that
endorsed by them again quite frankly
it's because I've succeeded again again
and getting big things done in our state
and that's what I'll do as governor I
wish your grandmother had talked to
Brock Obama but anyway okay Ben Jealous
calm is the website really easy to
remember obviously Ben Jealous calm and
and you've got the donation and the
volunteer links there as well if you're
watching later on YouTube or Facebook
you will have those really easy to click
links down below in the description box
if you're watching live Ben Jealous calm
as well he's sticking with all those
positions Medicare for all criminal
justice reform and actually funding the
schools of Maryland and get them back up
to where they belong Ben Jealous thank
you so much for the great work you've
done for the progressive movement and
for winning that important election and
for joining us on The Young Turks
Network
well Thank You Jenkin let me just say
one quick thing you know I was joined
here in my office by my dad who taught
in Chi Sri Turkey when he was young he's
a huge fan of yours and he says hi well
I say hi right back at him a great honor
Thank You Ben and thank you to the
senior jealous as well all right thank
you sir
