Americans are now realizing that the tax
cuts under the Trump administration have
not actually benefited them but rather
benefited the top 1% the very people who
didn't actually deserve the tax cuts to
begin with and we know this through
recent polling which indicates that the
already low approval rating for that
legislation has gone even lower now that
it's been in law for the last six months
so Politico morning consult they did a
poll and they found that just 37% of
registered voters said they supported
the tax cut law down from 44% in April
so there was another poll in April done
by the same organization and the numbers
have gone down since voters who were
undecided or offered no opinion left
from 24% to 17% so here's the more
amazing part if you ask me even among
Republican voters the numbers are
dropping so among Republicans support
for the law dropped to 70 percent from
80 percent in April the number who moved
into the undecided column jumped to 19
percent from 10 percent so look this is
good news because because of the fact
that Republicans thought yeah this is
this is how we're gonna get reelected
Americans are gonna love this no they're
not Americans aren't idiots we all see
what our paycheck stubs look like
everyone's gonna see that their pay
hasn't really increased and they're not
gonna be happy with you
so yeah so there's a lot that you can
trick people about any of those things
for some of the people some of the time
etc so so they're not going to see the
$61,000 as the top one percent get on
average every single year they're not
gonna see it okay I hear you on that but
they see their own paychecks and you
can't fool all the people all the time
at some point they go but wait
when does it help me and and it's
ironically what they accuse Obama of
they said oh he's just doing giveaways
for his voters and what did Trump do
he's like he gave a dude did giveaways
mainly for his donors but then
afterwards said oh we're gonna sprinkle
a little bit of leftovers to you guys
too but they're like but where's the
leftovers I don't see them and so
you understand context 37% approval for
anything is a really bad number so when
they and this happen already in
Pennsylvania they went to go run as for
one of their candidates saying we gave
you lower taxes and the ads causes
popularity to go down not up because
they didn't see the money in their
paycheck so oops it backfired and
hopefully it'll backfire even larger
during the midterm elections so it's
about time one of their policies caught
up with them two easy ways to follow
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
