just when I was talking about how I'm no
longer doing anymore tortellini
Lamborghini coverage on my twitch last
night what are you guys talking about
Oh Tommy Tom Thomas you must not be
named Tommy had to go and say this about
border patrol first and foremost there
humanitarian what and of course their
job and their duty is to protect our
border to protect the American people
no the CPP's main duty at this point is
to harass asylum seekers at the border
and terrify brown people who live all
around the u.s. they literally are
setting up checkpoints in New Hampshire
asking people to declare their
citizenship but beyond that they're even
protecting those that are coming to this
country illegally hell yeah Tommy
protecting them right into open air
prisons protecting their children in the
cages and protecting them by putting
them right back to the treacherous
conditions they escaped with their
families after a long dehumanizing
detainment process protected it is
remarkable how well you can whitewash
the truly cruel and inhumane things this
administration is doing it's also wild
how simple it is just change the phrase
horrific human rights violations to
protection and poop propaganda achieved
are you upset that these mean left this
keep making you feel bad that this
administration is doing racism oh boy oh
boy I got the solution for you think
happy thoughts instead of bad ones you
guys do you feel like ice or a group of
badge happy stormtroopers too fat to
somehow even join the police force think
instead that they're humanitarians who
do important humanitarian work like
beating up and sexually assaulting
immigrants denying children medical care
and running down people with their cars
yeah just look at this Customs and
Border Patrol officer running over a US
citizen on protected tribal land and
then just drive away into the sunset
probably because he had to go help
others in a similar fashion calling the
fascist Lite ethnic cleansing operations
at the CBP and ice engagement on the
daily humanitarian is like calling the
Nazi shithead who drove into a crowd and
murdered Heather hire a very fine person
and honestly who would do that very fine
people on both sides
but go on Tommy Drive his home each and
every single one that I met cared about
people first above anything else that
was their priority I love that Fox's
idea of caring for people is his
juxtaposing Tommy's shooting an ar-15
like there was not a single image that
they could find of CBP actually helping
a brown person till they had to use that
but I guess it makes sense if the only
way you think you can help immigrants is
by shooting them so here's the thing
I've mentioned time and time again that
immigration isn't really a problem and
it's economic benefits far outweigh the
feelings of Magha chud's losing power
but we've gotten to a point where one
side is literally lying to themselves
and the entire nation to avoid saying
what they really mean you don't mind the
pain caused on brown families that much
is clear so just come out and say it but
you like jeff Sessions the crack jokes
about it be even too happy to have you
arrested and separated from your
children Gulag for all of them
