turns out that Justice Anthony Kennedy
has decided to retire which is
disastrous considering the fact that
even though he identifies as a
conservative Supreme Court justice he
was the swing vote in a number of
incredibly important cases over the last
several decades now this will open a
seat in the Supreme Court and allow
Donald Trump to nominate whoever he
chooses and that could be a complete and
utter disaster we'll get to the
possibilities in just a minute but let
me give you the details on this
retirement announcement the 81 year-old
Anthony Kennedy said in a statement he
was stepping down after more than 30
years a Republican appointee he has held
the key vote on such high-profile issues
as abortion affirmative action gay
rights guns campaign finance and voting
rights so even though he is a
conservative justice he was not so tied
to his political identity that he would
essentially allow that to seep into the
decisions that he would make and that's
why it was incredibly important well
maybe in some cases but when it comes to
incredibly important cases like gay
marriage for instance and abortion for
instance he made the right decisions
okay so let me just say one quick thing
before you give the rest of summary in
the Kennedy is a very complicated guy
and it's not easy to pinhole him I think
he was refreshing refreshingly moderate
when Sandra Day O'Connor was in the
court but he still had plenty of
moderate decisions afterwards to be fair
and in Sandra Day O'Connor was a
moderating influence on him she was also
a Republican also conservative but they
would often vote in tandem and they
would vote to moderate the rest of the
extremeness of people like Clarence
Thomas and Scalia famously and and and
then it must be noted though that he has
done a couple of disastrous things and
that by and large he was the reason we
know him as the swing vote is he would
sometimes vote with progressives but
that was the exception not the rule you
have to remember that the rule was he
voted with conservatives overwhelmingly
now a couple of super
in cases where he didn't vote with them
and made a big difference but do not
forget that Kennedy was the deciding
vote and the wrote the majority opinion
for the worst well you can't say the
worse because there's Plessy out there
but certainly among the worst Supreme
Court decisions in United States history
which is citizens united so this isn't
as terrible as it would be if Ruth Bader
Ginsburg for instance announced her
retirement today if that were the case
then we're in a lot of trouble but I
believe that we're still in a lot of
trouble because he wasn't an extremist
and and I feel as though someone like
Donald Trump is going to go out of his
way to nominate someone who will vote
along with you know the the conservative
members of the Supreme Court and the
conservative every time every single
time exactly there will be no exceptions
that is the fear and I believe that is a
legitimate fear it's a fear that I have
and some of the names that have come out
as possible replacements are very much
against abortion rights and and that
concerns me
especially when you have someone like
Neal Gorsuch also in the Supreme Court
at the moment now let's talk about
specific you know potential Supreme
Court justices now reporters are saying
all sorts of things on Twitter mainly
that Donald Trump is planning to go back
to a list that he had developed in
consultation with conservative legal
scholars so that also gives you a sense
of what he's looking at
yeah I mean you've worked with
conservative legal scholars in order to
craft this list it's been reported that
president says he will select someone as
outstanding as Justice Kennedy for the
Supreme Court and confirms he will stick
to his pre-selected list of judges his
quote was it will be somebody from that
list and that list mainly includes
people who do have experiences working
in the courts with the exception of Mike
Lee who is is not a judge at all he is
in Congress I don't think Mike Lee is
gonna be selected but who knows no you
never know so Mike Lee is this a very
hard right winger and he says oh I would
definitely take it if it was given to me
so at least he's honest
and you don't have to be a judge to be
on the Supreme Court and so it could be
him but it doesn't matter that it's a
murderers row of despicable
right-wingers that you're not gonna get
any moderation from any of them and like
Gorsuch their main defining trait is
going to be how pro-corporate they are
so Gorsuch is you remember was the one
justice in the whole country or the
judge at the time who said yeah you if
you if a corporation orders you to
freeze to death and you and you don't
listen to that order you should be fired
okay every other judge that looked at
that case said no that's insanity and
gorse which was like no no you don't get
it I'll do anything a corporation tells
me to do and trumpet their homes were
like that's our guy so then the next
person who's gonna raise their hand and
say corporate power over actual citizens
yes but Kennedy said not only do
corporations giving millions upon
millions of dollars and in aggregate
billions of dollars to politicians not
corruption but it doesn't even give the
appearance of corruption like who would
think that oh if you give for somebody
millions of dollars they might do
something that you ask them to do it's
like that's preposterous of course
they're not gonna do that
what and Bill Moyers is a great line
about this he's like can you imagine if
a banner before he steps up to the plate
hands the umpire a couple thousand
dollars yes but no no you call him as
you see him okay what do you think that
that was anything but a bribe so I mean
look and now give Kennedy is do three
really important decisions ninety-two
they upheld Roe vs. Wade and Planned
Parenthood versus Casey and he was the
deciding vote among the deciding votes
there in 2008 deciding vote on giving
Guantanamo prison there's habeas corpus
rights now it's not about the Guantanamo
guys it's about do we have rule of law
in this country and habeas corpus is one
of the oldest Western values there is
that you must present a person to a
court that there must be rule of law I
can't believe that decision was 5-4 but
there are monsters on the other side yes
and they say who cares they're not
really people corporations are people
but detain
these are not people and they don't have
rights we're back to Plessy and so now
when you take Kennedy off the court and
you get another Gorsuch and another
conservative no no corporations are our
gods but people are not people and then
finally of course is an appointed out in
2015 Oberkfell versus hodges by the way
the oberfeld the the civil rights hero
there has a wine company and served wine
at our last White House Correspondents
dinner party at the young for the Young
Turks oh my god so so Kennedy definitely
complicated definitely some of the worst
decisions ever made and the person who
will replace him will almost definitely
be worse than him but at least he won't
be complicated exactly what kind of
person that's right and so I look the
other thing that's going around online
that's not true is people say oh it's
gonna be six three it's not six three
Kennedy is a conservative it's still
gonna be five four but it's gonna be a
hard immovable five yes and also there
is a lot of concern about Ruth Bader
Ginsberg you know is is there a
possibility that she could announce her
retirement nothing's been mentioned by
Justice Ginsburg yet but we'll see how
this all plays out it is definitely
concerning in the very least now let me
give you some of the top contenders
because it is important to kind of look
into their backgrounds and and what
could potentially happen if they do get
selected so prominent on the list of
potential successors are Judge Thomas
Hardiman of Pennsylvania and Waterman is
in his name we just said hard right and
he's he's like hard I'm an Trump's like
I like that that makes sense that okay
let's go with that guy and William Pryor
of Alabama who was seriously considered
for the seat eventually filled by
Gorsuch and then there's drew a judge
Brett Kavanaugh who serves on the
federal appeals court in Washington so
I'm not entirely sure why it is that
everyone thinks that Kavanagh is the
most likely to be appointed by Donald
Trump but he is terrible when it comes
to reproductive rights he has been very
clear about how he does not believe in
the roe v-- wade ruling and should he be
nominated and confirmed by our Senate
and he likely will be confirmed by the
Senate because all they need is a simple
majority to confirm Donald Trump's
nomination a simple majority rember
Republicans change the rules yeah so a
couple of things here number one there
are so many lies that the right-wing
says that the media doesn't correct it
drives me crazy they say oh conservative
justices are for precedent they don't
like to change the previous decisions
not true not at all true
in fact Kennedy was a swing vote because
he said I actually do agree with
precedent that's why he upheld roe v
wade in 92 and other conservatives were
like who cares about precedent let's
just destroy it and over and over again
again a union case just today that they
announced destroy precedent decades and
decades of precedent where they said we
the Supreme Court says this is the law
of the land and the Conservatives are
like I don't care all I care about is
politics
I don't like unions so I'm gonna like
that precedent on fire so when this guy
comes in you think you'll be like oh
wait it is theoretically a conservative
principle that we care about precedent
no all they care about is power so once
they seize that power yes roe v wade
will be in significant danger and and
Kennedy that is the last part of his
legacy that he decided to leave during
Trump knowing that that they would get a
super extreme right wing or under Trump
and I guess Kennedy doesn't mind
so all that legacy of occasional
moderation only occasional moderation
that's also up in flames knowing that
he's just gonna hand it off to someone
who's going to overturn any moderate
decisions he might have ever made two
easy ways to follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
