so today Justice Anthony Kennedy
announces that he's going to retire
which means Trump is gonna get to pick
another Supreme Court nominee Mitch
McConnell's beside himself with
happiness over it and and instead of
calling what Mitch McConnell did
obstruction the press is literally
applauding him in article after article
there like his bold gambit to block the
Merrick garland from the court for over
a year when Obama was president paid off
and now it's paying off in spades
now if Democrats did it I tell they so
uncivil this obstruction what I can't
believe it right you're so right you're
so right they're referring to it they're
framing it as a bold risk that McConnell
took but a bold risk that ultimately
paid off now it's true that it
ultimately paid off but it was
obstruction and it's it look that type
of framing matters and instead of
calling it what it really was the press
has decided to applaud and celebrate
with what McConnell did I'll give you
more context and I'll give you something
ahead of time like we like to do okay so
now on the other hand and in it when the
Republicans got in charge they're like
who cares about the rules I don't care
about the rules at all before we pretend
to care about the Senate rules because
we wanted to block your nominee you
idiots so now we're gonna just lift a
rule so we can just confirm Gorsuch and
the next guy that comes in so haha you
stupid Democrats for ever thinking that
we ever cared about the rules right and
the press too and I write down how great
I am and bold I am right now on the
other hand when Obama was trying to pass
the Affordable Care Act they're like oh
should we use reconciliation well then
you know we could pass it with a simple
majority but now we have to be really
careful about all the Senate rules and
procedures and the filibusters oh my god
don't be careful about the filibusters
etc and then so they made the Affordable
Care Act much weaker than it had to be
because of those because they were so
obsessed with the rules and the press
yelled at them non-stop gheorghe Senate
has traditions and then read of course
in his infinite stupidity if you ask me
right before the Democrats were about to
lose control was like oh let's get rid
of some of the filibuster rules so that
when the Republicans get in here it'll
be easier for them why didn't you do it
earlier right and then read
nobama everybody let's them block
garland and they'll again it's okay
Hillary's gonna win anyway yes the
Democrats are incompetent that is
definitely true and there's a track
record of it but the press ain't and
abets the Republicans by saying yelling
at the Democrats every time that I even
consider violating any kind of tradition
or anything along those lines and when
the Republicans do it think alike light
fireworks and they're like wow amazing
what courage right so here's my
prediction ahead of time Republicans
should do everything in their power use
every rule there is and to make sure
that they block this appointment before
the midterms at a minimum the midterms
are right around the corner they block
Merrick garland for well over a year if
I was if I was a Democrat at black this
nominee all the way till the Republicans
are out of office right but if they go
to move in that direction here's my
prediction one the press will be vicious
to them they will out the Democrats
they're blocking things it's obstruction
it's obstruction I can't believe they're
doing tit for tat and it's just not
right when they go low you should
surrender okay and and they will they'll
say it and they'll be serious in their
range and they will equate everything
that whatever maneuver Democrats do they
would equate it to the worst things that
Donald Trump has ever done right and the
second part of the prediction is as
usual the Democrats will go okay oh no
oh no New York Times criticized me
otherwise it both said something okay I
give up I give up okay go ahead
that's what's gonna happen you mark my
words yeah I was gonna try to debate you
on that but I think you're right the
only thing that I will disagree with you
on is that Democrats acted the way that
they did during the debates over the
Affordable Care Act because they were
afraid of the Republicans because they
were you know because they wanted to
uphold the rules that they cared about
the rules no look we all know that the
Democrats didn't want a public option
the Democrats didn't want real health
care reform and that's the reason why
Democrats are now paying the price for
their behavior in the past so so I don't
think they were yes I do think they are
afraid of the press I do think that
they're incredibly weak but I also think
that they are influenced by
same corporate interest that we accused
the Republicans of being influenced by
and that that was certainly the case
with the affordable care no totally
agree that's a great counterpoint Anna
and but I'll just end on this which is
that the even though that's fair what
I'm concerned about in that context is
the press reaction and so because they
frame the issues and in that case they
framed it as the Democrats would be
doing something terrible and
unprecedented if they put too many
things through reconciliation later the
Republicans when they gain office under
Trump did the giant tax cuts through
reconciliation and the press didn't say
a peep there was no giant debate they're
like there was during the Affordable
Care Act about reconciliation all of a
sudden it was entirely irrelevant so
it's all the press every time it looks
like they were born yesterday
they're like a reconciliation what's
that oh I guess this is a maneuver no
big deal you were the same guys who
wrote the articles back in o8 no 99
mainly talking about oh my god who the
Democrats better not mess with
reconciliation make sure you do the
right ones but not the other kinds of
bills to reconciliation but we're
watching you why the Republicans were
bells we're bells we hate these will
tell you how terrible the Democrats are
all these Republicans you're so good
you're so good and so that's generally
the mainstream press they do it less
with Trump I know that I can see that
right but when it comes to establishment
Republicans especially people like Mitch
McConnell they cannot wait to bow down
to them two easy ways for Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
