we have a big call alright in Maryland
and Benjamin Joe good that for Benjamin
yes the other candidates are a little
bit jealous right now
yeah all right Benjamin jealous the
winner Maryland governor's race and it
is an excellent night for progressives
this may be the best night yes
going into tonight I told you guys this
was one of the most important primary
nights of the whole season you had been
jealous in a classic Bernie camp
progressive camp versus establishment
camp I did a story about it earlier
today on The Young Turks where I
explained Baker his prime his primary
opponent said well look if he wants to
do all these things like Colonel Justice
reformed a single-payer but it's
impossible you can well that's a
terrible attitude and so Ben Jealous
said not only can we do those things and
we've got to try those things but we
believe that we are in a better position
to beat Republicans if we actually
energize our base and we say we're going
to deliver on our promises and that
we're not gonna run a campaign where we
say there's nothing we can do he was
proven right in the primary now we get
to find out if he is proven right in the
general election and that is huge so
difficult and and look we've we've seen
in covering all these election nights
and we cover them all live for you right
here on t y-t-dot-com slash live we've
had some terrible losses and we've had
some amazing exhilarating victories Ben
Jealous is a wonderful victory and so on
on the general election night in
November we're gonna get the fine out of
progressives were right does he take
down a very popular Republican mayor and
governor in Maryland Hogan but which
would show it turns out if you run
progressive and you energized your base
it works if he doesn't and you never
know until you actually do the election
then the centrist would have a point oh
if we just picked the centrist guy who
said he wasn't gonna do anything we
could have beaten Hogan okay now I hope
you see as you can tell I don't believe
that so I love
we're gonna get to find out Vangelis is
a great candidate a great progressive
and can't wait for the general election
another huge victory for progressives
tonight
