a journalist with the observer reached
out to my LOI innopolis to get some
commentary on a Manhattan restaurant
that he apparently goes too often and
the response that he got from Milo is
pretty terrifying he says the following
and this is based on what the journalist
tweeted his name is David Richardson he
says I asked my lien Oppel is to comment
for a story his response quote I can't
wait for the vigilante squads to start
gunning journalists down on sight okay
so who was uncivil again I'm trying to
remember was it the left or the right
you remember when figures on the Left
asked for journalists to be gunned down
in the streets by vigilante thugs oh no
right I don't it has consistently been
the right wing that has pushed for
violence and that has committed violence
in places like Charlottesville and
unsurprising that Milo and yet another
desperate attempt at an attempt to seek
attention gives us quote the Davis
Richardson and okay congratulations
mission accomplished
now we know exactly where you stand and
where your fellow alt right guys stand
on issues like this right and so spare
me your crocodile tears about Maxine
Waters
I know exactly I mean it's a way of
intimidating anyone who opposes the
Trump administration from speaking out
because we're supposed to sit back and
take it so Milo you Napoles has a
history of saying ridiculous outrageous
things right and people give him a
platform people want to hear from him
they want his opinions that's the reason
why this Observer reporter reached out
to him for comment on a Manhattan
restaurant look I don't know the context
of the story so I don't want to be too
critical but don't give this guy a
platform as a legitimate individual who
should provide commentary for a story he
is not a good person and by the way this
is not the first time he called for
vigilantes to gun down journalists the
same message was sent to the Daily
Beast's will summer who had been
covering the UK Independence Party so
look it's a I get it
journalists are in a no-win situation
here Milo has been driven
from restaurants so the guy in Lodge
Davis Richardson logically thinks and so
does you know others that reach out hey
in the midst of right-wingers being
driven out of restaurants maybe I start
to Milo but you're playing a different
game than he is you're playing a
legitimate game him a reporter I'm
trying to figure out people's reactions
etc he's they're playing a game of I
don't care about the rules I don't care
you're member of the press I don't care
about the Constitution I don't care
about the First Amendment if we get in
charge we're gonna put on some brown
shirts and we're gonna go commit
violence at least Milo is unsaved e or
desperate enough to make it plain to
make it clear and obvious where he comes
from right what he intends to do and
remember one of the one of the issues
that kind of put him out in the public
as III don't I wouldn't I wouldn't say
household name but as a public figure I
guess was his disdain for Muslims and
his messaging regarding how Muslims are
are terrorists and we should fear them
and they're horrible I mean you're
advocating for vigilantes to gun down
journalists like I'm definitely more
concerned about you here in the United
States that I am about Muslims who might
want to come in for travel or for
immigration whatever reason that they'd
want to come in like you are the person
who keeps pushing the boundaries and
keeps advocating for violence you incite
violence and then you have the audacity
to point to other people and claim that
they're violent so part of the reason
why he had become as big as he was was
because the media just kept having him
on right they kept giving him a platform
and so I want to address one other thing
because I think it's important media
journalism all of that right is
important and I'm not saying that
because of what we do I think that it's
incredibly important to fact-check the
people that you have on your show and
that's not because I'm a fan of arguing
or debating with your guests it's just
important that if you have a platform
and you're allowing someone to say
whatever it is that they want to say you
don't want half-truths misinformation
lies to get out there in the public but
there's this whole
now that it's a very intellectual thing
to just allow people to come on your
show and say whatever they want without
challenging them that's what real
journalists is I mean that's a real
intellectual no it's lazy it's because
you don't know anything it's because
you're nothing more than an intellectual
lightweight okay and a perfect example
of that is Dave Rubin so I've been quiet
about Dave Rubin for years but I know
Dave Rubin probably better than anyone
else in this company because we were
very close friends okay
went to dinner at his house every
weekend until all of a sudden he's not
liberal anymore all of a sudden after
getting some funding from the Koch
brothers he's now the libertarian we'll
get to that in just a second but the
reason why I have such a huge problem
with Dave Rubin is because he's had my
Louie innopolis on his show twice
hour-long interviews and my love was
able to say whatever he wanted to say
without any pushback from Dave Rubin
including anti-semitic remarks here's an
example well let me take the the
ultimate example what remains the big
taboo in society which is anti-semitism
right
most of the generation Trump the
alt-right people the people who like me
they're not anti-semites they don't care
about Jews they may they may have some
assumptions about Jews they may have
some prejudice about Jews like the Jews
run everything what we do the Jews run
all the banks what we do the Jews run
the media what we do you know I mean
they're right about all that stuff now
what you do with that is that is the
issue but the reason they go on a pair
even know where to start with that so
just go this is not in debates the
statistical facts no chooser on most of
the bank's choose to completely dominate
the media vastly disproportionately
represented in all of these professions
that's just a fact doesn't entice them
an anti-semitic to point out statistics
but you know you seem to have you know
you've missed what you agree with me on
and feminism like is not a sexist 2.0 so
statistics I'm suggesting to you is not
you know small and he's Semitic to point
out that these things are true now the
anti-semitism or Internet okay that's
not remotely true there's a lot of stat
that's not a fact and if you want to see
how someone challenges that deeply
anti-semitic trope watch my interview
with David Duke where I shred him and
and every time he mentions a Jewish
banker I mentioned a non-jewish man
why cuz I actually bother to do my
homework and I know that David Duke is a
monster and that if you're going to have
a discussion with him you have to
actually rebut what he says and you have
to come with actual facts and what does
de rubin do i don't know what to say
about that just go know know what it's
actually worse than that dave rubin
sells it as I'm far more intellectual
and as a result I refuse to engage in a
debate or an argument I allow people to
make their case on my show no you're
lazy he was lazy when he worked here
he's lazy now with his ridiculous show
where he proves time and time again that
he doesn't know anything and why do I
know he's lazy why did he really leave
the Young Turks can I please finally
tell the truth about why he left the
Young Turks he wanted to make a
six-figure salary to host a 30-minute a
week show when everyone here you know
because we work for an independent news
company was getting paid far less while
working 12 hour days
that's why Dave Rubin left the company
and now all of a sudden he's getting
funded by the Koch brothers and all of a
sudden his opinions are very different
he has no political identity he is not
an honest actor he is not an
intellectual he is a fraud plain and
simple and he's giving platforms to
people like Milo II innopolis on his
crappy show that's who Dave Rubin is and
now the second part of the innopolis
story from today just in case if you
were wondering if he's gone full nazi he
was attacking tyler levine who worked at
the new yorker and then after she left
that organization gianopolous sent $14
and 88 cents via paypal to former New
Yorker fact checker Tyler Levine okay
why $14 an 88 cents that seems like a
curious figure and why is he even
sending her money and by the way she
she's Jewish
the 1488 known to be a combination of
digits popular used by white
supremacists and neo-nazis 14 to
represent the infamous 14 words a mantra
about securing a future for white
children and 80 to represent Heil Hitler
classy super classy hey I don't know
what to say about that just go one other
thing I will say is you know there was a
huge panel debate on this show years ago
where we talked about there was another
flare-up in violence between Israelis
and Palestinians and there was a huge
death toll involving some Palestinian
civilians and when we were debating it
the issue of bombing Palestinian schools
and hospitals came up right now everyone
on the panel with the exception of Dave
Rubin disagreed with that and and Dave
Rubin was angry that no one defended him
and his point of view we didn't defend
him because he was wrong
you don't bomb schools and hospitals
period you just don't especially if you
know you're on the Israeli side and you
have defense capabilities that the
Palestinians clearly do not have you
know and and so he was angry with us
because we were against bombing those
schools and hospitals but now all of a
sudden you know his mind has changed to
the point where he's okay with someone
coming on to his program and spreading
you know ridiculous anti-semitic
stereotypes so let's show the clip
because here's a guy who says his main
claim to fame is he doesn't challenge
anything but when you talk about Israeli
aggression he does get quite worked up
now if you're an anti-semite go but hey
Israel does something wrong it
apparently animated them there aren't
really rules to war we can all
intellectualize the rules tor but there
aren't really rules to war Hamas it has
Hamas everything they do is against all
the rules of war by shooting from
civilian areas at civilian areas so
they're doing a double war crime but I
don't believe in
there's no rules to war who you know
that's just mad that's not real again
it's an intellectual exercise that was
his response to the Israeli side
attacking schools and hospitals with
civilians in them that was his response
to it and he was outraged that no one
defended him so that's who Dave Rubin is
you know the right-wing loves him now
because he's a puppet for the right-wing
again you know he's funded by the Koch
brothers I'm not just making that up I
don't believe in conspiracy theories
September 21st 2016 Rubin and learn
liberty announced a partnership together
what is learn liberty it's a part of the
Institute for human studies which is
largely funded by Charles Koch so
Charles Koch has donated twelve point
four million dollars to the organization
between 2008 and 2012 look he's he's
living the life he always wanted to make
money he's finally living his dream of
making money but if you want to get a
sense of how little he really knows just
check out his latest episode with Joe
Rogan it was fantastic and also check
out his Reddick reddit ask me anything
where people simply asked him questions
about his own political identity and he
couldn't answer he bombed so badly that
he just ditched that ask me anything
it was lovely yeah so when he was here
we let him say anything he wanted and he
got to represent any position to his
heart's content in that case he was
taking the right wing position I guess
that was his real ideology all along but
but for everything else he pretended to
be a liberal and now he still pretends
to be a liberal while taking Koch
brothers money and giving platforms to
well-known anti-semites BuzzFeed did a
gigantic article about Milo and how he
worked with both white supremacist and
neo-nazis - right - all right Bible for
Breitbart Richard Spencer and other
neo-nazis did Heil Hitler salutes when
Milo was singing and he did not react
poorly that at all and the list goes on
and on of the things that Milo has done
and for a guy who claims that he cares
about Israel when they're doing
something monstrous he's happy to defend
them but when you actually have a real
anti-semite right in front of you saying
these out
gracious things about Jewish people in
America not a word not a peep well I
guess it depends on who's paying you
right - easy wasteful young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
