so you've got grimm who's a felon crate
was a felony right yeah he went to jail
so he's a felon so it's Trumpets he's a
trump-like he loves Trump then you have
Donovan who Trump is supporting even
though scaramouche E and Steve Boehner
supporting Grimm Trump went for Donovan
but you might be confused if you're a
Republican voter in that area I don't
know come to my one shot I don't know if
you're able to see this but Grimm put
out these support President Trump and
the America first agenda vote Grimm dude
he didn't endorse you he and towards the
opponent but if you were just a voter
there you think it could be both why
does this one of the these small pockets
of New York City that supported Trump in
2016 it's Staten Island it's it's it's
Trump country as much as there is in New
York City yeah so but that's why the
role of money in politics even at this
juncture even as important as people are
beginning to realize it is and certainly
the voters do the American people do is
still underrated why because it's it's
still this conversation on TV as if and
then an imprint by good reporters which
is frustrating to me as if it's a battle
of ideas no no those two Republicans and
so that I got no dog in that fight
they're both terrible and I don't like
either one of them whoever's got more
money is going to put out more ads
saying he's with Trump right or wrong it
doesn't matter right so it doesn't
matter what the truth is it just matters
who has more money because they're going
to reach more people and if you see that
flier that says Oh Trump is with Grandma
Grimm is with Trump then you vote with
Grandma if you're a trump supporter it
doesn't matter that it's not true
whoever has more money reaches more
people with their message yeah that's
why it's another one of the reasons why
private financing of elections is insane
they not only because they work for
private interests but because it's like
the Yankees on steroids right one side
has all the money and the other side
supposed to compete with almost no money
if you had public financing of Elections
you can actually have a battle of ideas
yeah you could actually say okay all
right they both have relatively similar
money and and now we get to find out who
people like more
it's a I agree I also don't have a dog
in the fight but of the two my fur Dan
Donovan yeah he's a felon he's somebody
who's pushed people around who tried to
man hint manhandle a reporter who said
he would break him like a boy yeah
people are still trying to figure out
what he's a really ugly ugly guy and
yeah and so you have a dog in the fight
yeah I was making a joke I just was kind
of enough so oh I'm sorry I interrupted
I was like but also I can there's
another way that this race is
particularly interesting I mean
obviously as you're aware there is a
justice Democrat running on the
Democratic side Michael DeVito it is
it's a very Trump district so it'll be a
difficult fight yeah but if Donovan does
win interestingly and I don't even I
guess this is you can do this Michael
Grimm is not only running against Dan
Donovan he's also campaigning it as a
write-in candidate in the New York
Conservative Party primary and so if he
loses this race and wins that race you
could have a three-way race in the the
general election with two conservative
programs from candidates potentially
splitting the vote me now I got a dog in
the fight okay go go New York
conservative party so but just to
clarify on the no dog in the fight yes
grim is worse they're both bad okay vote
for DeVito he wins this primary for
God's sake
right but but grim threatened to throw a
reporter off the balcony and and said
I'm gonna break you like a boy and to
John's point no one has figured out how
Grimm has previously broken voice
