so Donald Trump has been making a lot of
outrageous statements and and has pushed
hateful rhetoric about immigrants well
unfortunately that has rubbed off on his
supporters who either feel this way
because he's been saying it over and
over again or now at least feel
emboldened to say what they thought all
along
and we have another case of that of a
white woman confronting a Mexican man in
California I mentioned the races here
because she is going to make them
relevant let's take a look
he was in the middle of working man and
and she comes up to him she picks this
fight and he says is it because we're
Mexicans she says yeah and he said we're
honest people and in case you didn't
hear it she laughed and said haha yeah
rapists and animals drug dealers that's
what she said
she I wonder where she might have gotten
that from let's take a look when Mexico
sends its people they're not sending
their best they're bringing drugs
they're bringing crime they're rapists I
used the word rape and yesterday it came
out where this journey coming up women
are raped at levels that nobody has ever
seen before but we're taking people out
of the country you wouldn't believe how
bad these people he's having people
these are animals I called them animals
the other day and I was met with rebuke
they said they're people you know people
these are animals gee I wonder where she
got that idea from this how demagoguery
works you put out propaganda
dehumanizing other class of people and
you say it over and over again until all
of your support start believing it and
then saying it to people and then trying
to intimidate them and today we're
having a conversation about which side
is uncivil they call immigrants animals
and rapists and drug dealers and they do
it in front of their face now Maxine
Waters made a slight comment about Trump
administration officials everybody went
ballistic but that guy right there his
name is Esteban Guzman
he has no power so there's no Cable News
host coming to defend him
there's no politicians coming to defend
him how many esteban Guzman's are there
in this country that didn't wind up
recording the incident that get this
kind of hateful vile racism directed at
them every day because the stuff the
president says you know what she said at
the end she said come here little boy
come here little boy they're driving
people in a very bad direction two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
