Benjamin jealous is running for governor
of Maryland his primaries today and he
is obviously an excellent candidate he
ran to n-double-a-cp
he has been involved in politics and in
policy for a long long time he has a lot
of support Bernie Sanders and even Cory
Booker and comma Harris to a
well-regarded senators are on his side
he has raised a good amount of money
because a lot of people believe in him
so the Democratic field according to
Democratic Party logic should be cleared
for remember what they said about
Hillary Clinton clear the field we have
our candidate but of course they have
not and instead most of the
establishment politicians in Maryland
are supporting his opponent so why well
let's go to former Governor Martin
O'Malley he says we need someone with
executive experience what do you mean he
was the president of the n-double a-c-p
for five years what about that is not
executive experience it's not like his
opponent was governor before so O'Malley
can't be talking about specifically
executive experience in a governor's
office so are you discounting all the
work that he did at the NWA CP and by
all accounts he did wonderful work there
was highly praised for it and led the
successful management of that
organization now that's not why they're
opposed to Benjamin jealous they are
opposed to him because he supported
Bernie Sanders and he's an actual
progressive more quotes his opponent
says it's easy to say stuff if you've
never actually had to run our government
okay I understand that you were a
legislator but you never ran a
government either you were never
governor of any state but why does he
say that because for establishment
Democrats the idea of a progressive
running something they find it
ridiculous they're like you guys you
don't know how to run anything the way
you run things is you just bow your head
and say that everything is impossible so
we shouldn't bother now if you think
that's hyperbole hold because let's give
you a description of what his opponent
actually thinks so this is from Kevin
Robillard at HuffPost he explains Baker
and that's
Benjamin gentle saponin told HuffPost he
and jealous don't have different
philosophies well that sounds good
that's positive but he also said many of
Josas most progressive goals were
impossible or poorly planned asked if he
supported a single play payer health
care plan Baker responded with a simple
no so wait a minute that means you do
have different policies you do or you
say oh I have the same policies as
Benjamin jealous
I just don't plan to do them well thank
you for the admission we really
appreciate it it's that amazing it's
impossible I have the same priorities
but I'm never going to do them I'm gonna
tell you ahead of time I'm going to do
nothing because it's impossible and
almost every politician in Maryland
outside of the progressives are like oh
yeah the guy who wants to do nothing
that guy knows how to govern there you
go just get in there you sit on your ass
and you make sure the Democratic voters
then are completely enervated and they
have no energy to go fight Republicans
and that'll be a winning strategy gee I
wonder how we got to have a Republican
governor of Maryland in the first place
and what should be a very blue state
Baker continues direct quote he says Ben
just shows you he has no experience in
actually running a government how do you
pay for that referring to single-payer
he's just throwing out a lot of stuff
because he doesn't doesn't understand
the budget now on rebel headquarters
which is the show that follows the young
turks on t y-t-dot-com slash live
I have extort us everal people who
explain how a single pair would work on
a state level recently on a conversation
with a legislator in New York and he
explained how actually it saves money
but didn't Baker and the establishment
politicians in Maryland or elsewhere
bothered to do that analysis no it's
impossible it's impossible we're just
not gonna do it now you don't understand
the budget and you don't understand that
we actually want someone to try to bring
change I know it's very complicated for
the establishment Adrian Jones a
Maryland delegate when asked why do you
support Baker / jealous when Joe says
this sterling record well
had a quote that is perfectly emblematic
quote he's one of us yeah that's right
his opponent is one of the standard
politicians standard establishment
Democrats so I actually loved one
response that Ben Jealous had here and I
wanted to share that with you
he said defeating Hogan that's the
Republican governor of Maryland is about
turning out Democrats if this was about
persuading moderate Republicans to vote
for a Democrat I'd be the wrong choice
now see that's bold he says if you're
looking for someone to be a centrist
that is really close to the Republicans
to try to get suburban Republican voters
which is the Democratic Party 101 tactic
he's like I'm not your guy because I'm
not gonna do that what am I gonna do I'm
gonna energize our voters I'm gonna tell
them that I actually am going to go for
a change and I'm gonna give it my all
we're actually going to do these
policies you want criminal justice
reform I'm gonna do it you want a
single-payer I'm gonna do it you want
somebody to sit on their ass and do
nothing then you vote for the other guy
you want someone to try to appease
Republicans that you vote for the other
guy
now that's clear second reason why I
like that is because if Benjamin jealous
wins tonight and you you've got to go
out and vote the polls have not closed
yet if you're watching this show live
the polls close at eight o'clock okay so
understand that we've got a case to make
we believe that a progressive candidate
that actually fights back against
Republicans has a better chance of
winning I know every knucklehead in
Washington goes no no no you have to
kiss the Republican ass to try to win as
a Democrat I think that is monumentally
wrong
so let's actually get a progressive was
excellent credentials to run for the
governorship of Maryland and let's test
that theory or you could run a standard
Democrat and then and then as usual lose
in a state you have no business losing
it we have tried their way a thousand
times let's
try our way this time two easy ways
follow the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
