White House press secretary Sarah sander
says she was out for dinner last night
in Virginia when she was refused service
at a restaurant because she works for
the Trump administration this past week
showed us what mega chubbs really care
about not the children being forcibly
removed from their parents and locked up
but actually protesting those in this
administration doing the cruel and
inhumane things it's not the fascist
ethno state trial balloon administration
that's bad it's those who are being rude
to them because while they were telling
everybody they're overreacting about
stolen children all week long all hell
broke loose when Sarah Huckabee was
refused service as an establishment our
very own dementia patient diaper boy got
so mad he tweeted out a salty ass yelp
review because we live in Hell world
this is especially funny because maybe
you also shouldn't throw dirt stones
from your shit house of mar-a-lago which
turns out has numerous health code
violation and it didn't end there when
Maxine Waters called to continue
protesting this administration which is
a proportionate reaction Trump quickly
issued a thinly veiled death threat
which is a disproportionate reaction to
say the least
Trump wasn't the only white knight to
ride in and defend pork Sarah's honored
papa Huckabee also had a choice tweet
Sandra's father former Arkansas governor
and presidential candidate Mike Huckabee
criticized the redhead on Twitter
accusing them accept three hours later
in what can only be described as a
blatant act of bigotry Mike Huckabee
proceeded by tweeting out a stock
picture of ms-13 gang members with the
caption Nancy Pelosi introduces her
campaign committee for the take back of
the house
ya know Trump was calling just ms-13
gang members animals you guys we were
being crazy when we thought it was about
all Brown immigrants but also you know
we just happen to treat all immigrants
like they're animals wake up everyone
maybe we're the baddies okay but this
entire incident perfectly encapsulates
the hypocrisy surrounding the rights
ever-growing victim complex it's white
victimhood it's white identity politics
Huckabee has long supported the right of
businesses the refused service the same
size
scuffles a discriminatory act against
marginalised groups that is similar to
the reason why the Civil Rights Act was
written to begin with for Papa Huck's
third Oh back in 2015 the bigoted Oregon
bakery owners were heroes for refusing
to make a cake for a gay wedding it's
her own daughter not being coddled as
political figures have been used to for
far too long though
and then things are a little different
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is an
administration official she is partially
responsible for all of the cruelty that
the Trump administration has brought
about this idea that people who are in
positions of power are discriminated
against is the most insane thing I've
ever heard how else are we supposed to
fight back against tyranny this is a
message for all the liberal bootlickers
- you can suck my ass as well the bottom
line is this you can't choose not to be
gay you can't choose not to be black you
can't choose not to be trans but you can
choose not to work for a proto-fascist
administration and if you choose to
continue to do so you shouldn't be able
to have a meal comfortably because I
have no sympathy for you I'm a psalm
pygar if you like this video and hate
this hypocrisy please share it with your
friends and leave your thoughts in the
comment section below don't forget to
download the TYT app it is free and this
has been the breakdown
