Nicole Ortega wants to have a baby she
has gotten pregnant several times but
unfortunately has miscarried and
recently when she got pregnant again her
doctor informed her that the fetus had
severe developmental problems in fact at
nine weeks of pregnancy the fetus had
stopped developing so the doctor had to
prescribe her a and a miscarriage
inducing medication so she could
miscarry in the comfort of her own home
rather than having an abortion procedure
in the doctor's office so she opted for
that pill goes to her local Walgreens
again this is an Arizona and
unfortunately she was met with an
individual a pharmacist who refused to
fill her prescription now Arizona is one
of the states in the u.s. that allows
pharmacists with sincerely held
religious beliefs to not do their jobs
to refuse to fill rescript prescriptions
as long as they refer that individual to
another pharmacist who can't fill that
prescription now Nicole Ortega shared
her story with the world and this story
is getting a lot of attention she said
last night I went to pick up my
medication at my local Walgreens only to
be denied the prescription I needed I
stood at the mercy of this pharmacist
explaining my situation in front of my
seven-year-old and five customers
standing behind only to be denied
because of his ethical beliefs I get it
we all have our beliefs but what he
failed to understand is that this isn't
the situation I had hoped for this isn't
something I wanted this is something I
have zero control over the lecturing
situation where it's just explaining to
you why this thing that is obviously
difficult for an individual to go
through well probably the most arguably
probably the most harrowing experience
of her life having to deal with this
thing she I mean she has a kid yep with
her who now has to listen to the lecture
from this person in a man's from this
man who has no idea who she is
aid she doesn't need to listen to a
lecture okay why is this pharmacist
getting in between her and her doctor B
why is he interrogating this woman on
something that
deeply personal in front of everyone
that's in that pharmacy it is
unacceptable unacceptable if you have
sincerely religious beliefs that prevent
you from doing a certain job don't do
that job just don't do that job okay
especially when it comes to the medical
industry if you're a pharmacist do your
job and fill the prescription don't ask
any questions now if you believe that
someone is abusing a drug or you have
real reason to be concerned about the
health and safety of an individual
that's one thing but for all the crap we
heard about the Affordable Care Act
getting in between you and your doctor I
don't hear conservatives getting upset
about this issue this is a fetus that
stopped developing after nine weeks of
inception and our conception sorry
conception and we have this pharmacist
telling this woman what she can and
can't do it's it's terrible to say the
least if you don't want to do your job
then don't find employment doing that
job you know go ahead and practice
you're sincerely held religious beliefs
doing something else look we're supposed
to live in a secular country right
freedom of religion yes I believe in
that but I also believe in freedom from
religion I don't have religious beliefs
I don't want someone else's religious
beliefs to dictate my life and the
actions I take period yeah don't get
into that job if it's gonna put you in
that situation right just for your sake
I feel terribly for this woman yeah it's
terrible to be at Walgreens period you
know well I'm sorry it's let alone have
to go through this in front of people
it's just like if you're that pharmacist
to think of everything that that woman
has been through that leads her to the
point where she needs to go give the
prescription then walk around Walgreens
for like 20 minutes while you fill it to
then go and then later have to go take
this pill yeah yeah luckily she was able
to fill the prescription later but no
woman no person should have to go
through what she went through I feel
terrible for her and it's something we
should all consider when we go to the
polls to vote to easy ways for the Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
