TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the jimmy
dore show so now nobody does comedy like
jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often the irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio Alex Jones seems to have turned on
his good friend Joe Rogan they've known
each other since the late 90s and Rogan
has had Alex Jones on his program on
several occasions well recently Rogen
slightly criticized Alex Jones for his
statements in regard to the Newtown
shooting you know Alex Jones has been
sued for saying that there were it was a
false flag operation that there were
child actors that it was a government
conspiracy
well Rogan criticized him for that and I
heard his criticism it was pretty tame
but it was enough to set Alex Jones off
on Rogan take a look I'm not stupid
I get to hear my son listen to his
podcast almost every day I hear it to
the point of I don't want to watch it
cuz I don't want to start saying stuff
cuz I care about Joe Joe's a good guy
he's done a lot of good work he's really
a libertarian patriot but he's out there
in Los Angeles with his family and every
time I see this stuff
he's misrepresenting what I've said what
I've done he says oh I like Alex but
then he Snipes me oh I like you Alex
oh I like you I was the good guy he's
wrong he's wrong he's wrong he's like
well listen I'm not stupid but I watch
all that I'm not dumb I don't sit here
and play Machiavellian games I'm a
straight shooter I'm from Texas so I'd
rather just be a tack straight up Joe
give it all to me come on then the man I
really like house just look at guy he's
little bit funny guys you think I'm
stupid
now go ahead and play the clip of him
saying Saurus when we come back I'll
play Soros and he help round people up
Nazis whose reality Joe here it is okay
so the Soros part Oh so Joe Rogan had
also mentioned that you know the whole
George Soros conspiracies ridiculous I'm
paraphrasing but you know he's not
buying it he's debunked that whole Soros
thing on his show and Alex chose lost it
because Alex Jones pushes that
conspiracy theory about Soros all the
time
so anyway yeah so just before we go to
the next clip which of these are always
fun if you have to scream that you're
not stupid about seven times in a row
perhaps some people are left on
convinced and and Rogan was having a
conversation with Dave Rubin in this
case and I sense a shift in the force
but for the positive with Rogen first
time he had Rubin on in Rubin just one
lie after another after another totally
unchecked right which is his trademark
that's what he does and this time he's
like well I'm not sure what you're
saying about the post office makes any
sense Rubin being who he is immediately
contradict himself because he doesn't
know what the hell he's talking about
and then Rogan says hey look that
Roseanne Barr tweet about George's and
oh he mentions that shows thing about
Sandy Hook he's like that I didn't know
that that's really bad that's not true
at all that they were crisis actors etc
and then Soros is this constant
anti-semitic attack against him saying
he collaborated with the Nazis he
survived the Holocaust he was a Jew who
survived the Holocaust so very long
story as to as to that but the fact that
that Rogen is fighting back against that
is great wonderful because that's true
he's right about that so of course
that's gonna set off Alex just one more
from him is that your decision Joe cuz
if it's your decision to defend George
Soros then there's gonna be a whole new
chapter to our relationship make your
decision it's not a threat it's the way
it is you make your decision you decide
which side you're on for example you
should be defending Internet free speech
you should be champions you could change
history you're a major leader you do
have the biggest podcast in the world
your audience rivals mine
great I hope it's ten times bigger but
not if it's in the hands of the
globalist if you turn over to Palpatine
and become Darth Vader
I'm obi-wan Kenobi and I'm coming for
you buddy the best part the best part
about that clip is Alex Jones is wrap
around Oakley's ten you know like he's a
red face from here and then red-faced
above here and then white here yeah he's
better sunscreen yeah the only thing
I'll say is that all of my friends who
are friends with Joe Rogan say that deep
down inside he's a really good person I
think he is I really do yeah Steve I do
is sometimes it's frustrating because
service he has up but that's that's his
podcast yeah everybody's different two
easy ways for Young Turks one is hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
