we were taking a look at Jacob Soboroff
reporting from McAllen Texas where the
largest detention facility is for
undocumented immigrants and we told you
he got some video on the inside so for
he's got a little bit more he says there
were only four contracted social workers
to deal with separated kids and others
who needed it in a processing center
there are 525 family members in here
today for social workers 197
unaccompanied minors for social workers
John Lopez the acting deputy patrol
agent in charge says they're stretched
thin is that like some kind of MINDEF
they're doing to everybody they're
having Hispanics F over other Hispanic
so every person here he's quoted who's
in control down there and charges by the
Hispanic well I mean in terms of the
border the predominant background is you
know people of Latin origin so yeah but
ice isn't mostly Latin people but that's
all over the country we're talking with
a border these are border you know yeah
I mean I'm not excusing it but it's but
I'm saying that the people who work for
ice they don't just work for ice because
of where they happen to live right if
you need Border Patrol you don't go just
go hire people who live across but lace
is in you know in making reading people
in Oakland California they're you know
they're all over the country these I
don't know the hiring practices and but
right I'm guessing that when you apply
if you have a Latin last name then it
helps you it may be yeah yeah definitely
so the facility is so slammed some
migrants are being processed the point
that they get separated
virtually meaning they sit in front of a
computer and they talk with agents in El
Paso El Centro or Corpus Christi to hear
their fate the ten permanent processing
agents aren't enough Wow on the single
adult side it was noisy detainees
hollered at us as we walked through
flashing thumbs up one shouted he was
cold
some joked about food on the family side
much quieter eerily moms with kids and
one-cell dads and kids in another and
one just kids alone
The Washington Post gave Senator Jeff
Merkley three Pinocchio's for saying
that there are kids and cages at Border
Patrol's facility in McAllen Jacob
Soboroff says not sure why I saw myself
there are
kids families and adults in cages sells
kennels whatever you call them there's
no question and there's the article
right below from Washington Post
analysis does the us keep immigrant
children in cages and they gave them
three Pinocchio's for saying that why
because the Washington Post is often
horrible and often parents the is a
stenographer to power they certainly are
when it comes to killing foreigners why
would they change now these are
foreigners right so again the Washington
Post just whenever you read anything of
the Washington Post you have to be
skeptical they they often do good work
they often do horrible horrible work
like that
by the way Jimmy I read the article yeah
and they have they they said that they
when they gave him the three Pinocchio's
initially they didn't have enough
information they didn't have enough they
didn't have enough information why are
they throwing around Pinocchio's but now
that they have additional information
they've downgraded to Pinocchio's it's
like wait so it turns out he was telling
the truth
so we took one Pinocchio away but we're
still gonna mean so does two Pinocchio's
mean true I don't know I mean what the
problem with these fact-checking
organizations like factcheck.org or
PolitiFact or watched and post when they
were gonna give you a Pinocchio they're
often wrong they often need a fact
checker themselves that that's not
infrequent that this is a perfect
example of them what would you call that
I don't know I just so you read that
article yeah would you it's the
Washington Post do you think they are
making a mistake or you think they're
just blatantly lying I think they have
their thumb on the scale for the
administration whoever's in power the
powerful haha general so they give them
the benefit of the doubt and when Jeff
Merkley is gonna question the official
line then that's gonna be treated with
more skepticism than they would treat
something else it's my guess uh what are
they what did they say he was lying
about mean you read the article that's
why I'm asking
yeah it's it's unclear like they so the
fun it's he made a series of statements
one was about the kids being kept in
cages and there were other statements he
was talking about in general and I
remember the specifics I think they were
criticizing him for another something
else he said but the article as is the
headline
focuses on him saying they were kept in
cages it's like that it was about like
whether the the so they didn't have
cameras in there and he said well there
are cages they're chain-link fence with
nets along the top so nobody can climb
out and they said well we don't we
haven't seen inside
we don't know maybe there are nets on
top maybe there aren't so we're gonna
give you three Pinocchio's and then they
they said oh it turns out yeah there are
nets on top
we're downgrading it to two Pinocchio's
so what people see of course normally is
the headline will say says jeff merkley
us keep immigrant children in cages and
then you'll see two Pinocchio's and they
won't know all those two Pinocchio's are
about something else so they're not
gonna know that right so that's watched
impose even the two Pinocchio I remember
the details what it was but even those
were so the Washington Post again
misinforming their readers not in force
and could there be anything more
egregious they're not a fact check out
of fact check they get the fact check
ruff they mislead the people on a fact
check
that's the washington post and now you
know why we have a show that's why we're
here okay so back to Jacob Soboroff he
says we were told we're going to get to
hand out images of our visit inside
since we couldn't bring cameras in but
we are still waiting on that hoping to
get them in time for the NBC Nightly
News
he says got him the first photo sent
zero tolerance was announced inside the
largest border patrol processing station
in the United States but Callens Ursula
this is where we toured today they say
it's where more kids are separated from
their parents than anywhere else in the
US and you can see that picture you see
the cages you see it's a cage like a
prison or like a big kennel you see them
land laying on the floor there aren't
cots they're on the floor and they have
those mylar things over them which makes
it look like like a futuristic Orwellian
dystopian future like existence right
just in they so he has video from inside
our tour of the Border Patrol's
processing so this is video that's been
made available by the Border Patrol
this isn't his video because they
weren't a lot
to take videos or pictures that doesn't
seem very this is the best there's like
we're gonna put a new roommate we're
gonna show America yeah how great we
treat these people by providing them
with this footage yeah I mean this is
the goods this is this is their pro
propaganda yeah this is as good as it
gets for the government this is like if
you you know if you wanted to show off
how your airport looks instead of people
waiting in long lines right you show
them the the club though they have in
club room this is the the nicest they
could come up with to show us how kindly
they're treating these people so yes so
keep this in mind this is what you're
saying Malcolm is this is the nicest
face that the government can put on how
they're holding these people this is
this is the nicest face what do you call
a cage inside of a building you call it
a cage I mean that that's what a batting
cage looks like that's the the machine
to pitch balls so there's already walls
to a building you don't need to put a
cage inside unless you want to cage
people like a prison or like a kennel
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
