TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the jimmy
dore show so now nobody does comedy like
jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often the irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio so online we have a lot of lies
and misinformation fake news and trolls
so I've got an idea how about we fight
back
so how are we gonna do that well we got
a TYT army and we talked about it on the
show from time to time and you guys have
gotten us so many great things including
al hablo words that we want etcetera I
thought well why not
make it a little bit more formal so we
are going to start an army on the
internet and instead of spreading lies
like the other side does we're gonna do
something radical we're gonna spread the
truth so I'll give you an example so you
know what I'm talking about but we will
do this dozens if not hundreds of times
and I think he could make a giant
difference and you're gonna be a part of
it so today for example in the news
there's the story about immigration and
the Republicans have two proposals both
the more conservative one and the
so-called moderate one have proposals to
eliminate the Visa Lottery and very
importantly family based immigration now
those are both legal forms of
immigration and the Republicans who want
to do away with them including the Trump
administration and Republicans in
Congress so oftentimes you'll hear in
the mainstream media well I mean
Republicans are against illegal
immigration it's not based on race it's
not based on fear or hatred no they just
want you to follow the law but wait a
minute family based immigration is the
most common way of doing legal
immigration that is following the law
don't care we're against it well then we
have to tell the media stop lying
or covering up for Republicans as saying
that they are for legal immigration when
they are not they just proposed bills
saying they are against legal
immigration they're against Americans
period it's not my bill it's their bill
so for example when the TOI tea army is
ready and that'll be very very soon we
could then say to any reporter or any
media organization or any politician
that spreads that misinformation here is
the bill that we are referring to you
must retract what you're doing or at
least admit that you're not a real
reporter that you're spreading
misinformation on purpose why well I
want to be neutral I want to report the
things that are true so from time to
time and I'd like to also report the
things that Republicans tell me to
report even if it isn't true
so trolls versus turks they've got a lot
of trolls well we got a lot of people
who believe in not just the show but
progressive ideas now whenever we do
anything we're always going to keep it
completely non-physical nonviolent we
are the good guys so and we spread
things that are true and and we do it
for the moment being on the Internet if
we're going to do anything outside of
that it is going to be political
protests so if you want to be involved
army at TYT Network comm so I want you
guys as involved in this show as humanly
possible and I've said this a million
times on the air
we're not the Young Turks you're the
Young Turks so let's go get them so you
guys email and if you're interested in
being part of that movement and we will
tell you from time to time what the
missions are and then we will go execute
those missions and then I will give you
the results so I think that I've seen
this work before and I've seen at work
spectacularly on campaigns and the media
keeps saying well
I don't know what progressive stars are
I don't know what the progressive
position is and all they ever get is
whining from the Republicans whining to
the refs over and over again and what do
they do they skew the news in their
favor
well now we're gonna fight back we're
gonna do it the right way we're gonna do
it in a civil way but we are going to
fight and we are and we're gonna do it
with information and facts and knowledge
be part of the team I guarantee you
it'll be fun look we did this a long
time ago and and we did it to get our
message out and it helped to get on
MSNBC that's how I got the job in the
first place if you don't remember that
story it's from now a long time ago
about eight years ago but the TYT army
back then demanded that I get the show
and that's what got me meetings at MSNBC
that's what got me on air on at MSNBC
but let's go do that on progressive
Policy Priorities and issues and things
that matter and yes our voice is
important we're the home of progressives
who else is fighting for progressives
what MSNBC with Morning Joe doing
Republican talking points for about 18
hours then you got the middle of the day
where they do nothing on MSNBC and you
have a couple of primetime hosts that
are do Democratic talking points they
are not fighting for progressives how
many of our hosts are Pro Bernie Sanders
they have people that are know used to
run our intelligence agencies that are
deep parts of the establishment so we've
got Nina Turner doing a podcast here
we've got Turay doing a podcast we've
got Jimmy Dore doing podcasts we got him
doing video we got the Young Turks so we
got a Nana doing a show called nofilter
John doing damage report we've got Cod
kolinsky we got Sam cedar we've got we
got almost every one of import on the
progressive side right here at the Young
Turks but most importantly we have you
guys so we're all gonna work together
and we are going to counter their
propaganda and we're gonna fight back by
the way one more thing if you want if
you've got tips for us we've got an
investigative reporting team we want to
break stories and we want your guys
helped on that as well so send us your
tips at the young turks at protonmail
calm the young turks of protonmail calm
and when we break the stories if you
would like credit for we will give you
credit as well because we're gonna do
this together wait till we unleash this
thing it's gonna be awesome two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
