TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the jimmy
dore show so now nobody does comedy like
jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often the irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio so another day in America and
unfortunately another young
african-american male who was unarmed
shot and killed this time it's a 17 year
old boy his name is Antoine Rose I this
was an East Pittsburgh and he was shot
three times in the back so I'm gonna
show you video of it it is of course as
usual disturbing
it's a bystander that is recording it
now let me give you context before I
show you the video there was the cops
were called in connection to an earlier
shooting that happened on North Braddock
Pennsylvania they are responding to it
they believe that the car matches the
description that was given they stopped
the car and they take the driver and
they are detaining him I'm gonna tell
you what happened the driver later the
two kids in the car bolt and they
decided to run now that's a bad idea
because as we've seen unfortunately in
this country they will shoot you in the
back and I don't know why the
seventeen-year-old panicked and ran but
given what we've seen happen African
Americans across the country I'm not
that surprised that they did panic when
they saw cops but here's what happened
next
why are they zooming at home no I'm a
quarry name why aren't I shoot in thanks
all I did was run and are shooting at
them he died don't shoot him in the back
don't shoot him in the back and I
guarantee you there will be a ton of
people and eventually police and
eventually probably prosecutors and if
not prosecutors the judicial system over
all that it will say yeah you should
have shot him in the back that's what
happens in almost every case rose
according to Allegheny County Police
Superintendent Coleman McDonough was not
armed he said that at a press conference
on Wednesday afternoon that's the police
superintendent he was not armed so
police say they think that the car is
still probably the car that was involved
in the incident they say it they thought
it had bullet holes when they pulled it
over and they say that they recovered
two guns from the car so I don't know
what happened but that's why you do
investigations not shootings he didn't
have the gun and they didn't ask they
didn't say stop they didn't chase him it
what it's not like it was dark and they
couldn't tell what was happening and
they were afraid for their life no they
saw what was happening they saw him
running away you just thought it for the
video I had to keep telling you what you
just saw with your own eyes because I
guarantee you that the system will deny
what you just saw with your own eyes
they'll say well I mean come on there
was a shooting somewhere there was gone
somewhere but he couldn't do stop and
actually try to catch the kid no I was
generally afraid maybe he does something
later why not just execute because
that's what they did the 20 year old
driver of the vehicle is Huff Post
reports that rose allegedly fled was
taken into custody he was later released
officers did not feel they had caused
the charge him in North Braddock
shooting so if you're in the camper well
I mean hey listen they thought that that
was the car and you know and there's
clear evidence that that these were
they're guilty kids really they didn't
charge the driver they let they let him
go they said there was an evidence on
him
oops so how about Antoine Rose now
because after literal assassinations
police often or authorities often turn
to character assassinations in this case
Antoine Rose was quote an excellent
student that's according to the school
superintendent
that's not his parents that's not his
friends that's al Johnson the school
superintendent he took AP classes
advanced placement classes great student
god that's heartbreaking
Antoine Rose is dead they shot him in
the back I have no idea it will ever
receive justice
Young Turks two easy ways for Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
