polls indicate that around 28% of
Americans make up Donald Trump's base
and they're immovable they will support
him no matter what so what do they have
to say about his policy of taking
children away from their parents at the
border now many of these people consider
themselves pro-life they want to force
people to bring pregnancy to term they
believe in Family Values so do they
support this policy take a look these
people that we have coming across the
border illegally
breaking the rules I have no feelings
for them at all now when you have a bad
guy coming across kidnapping a kid and
trying to come across I don't buy that
how many
I don't really know but there's a lot of
people being hurt by bad guys coming in
this country quit trying to make us feel
teary-eyed the children yes I love
children a great deal but to me it's up
to the parents to do things okay quit
making us teary at about the kids
because we're not are we are we
inconveniencing you yeah I'm sorry are
we inconveniencing you with with images
and videos that you don't want to see
are we making you feel maybe a little
bit guilty I mean I don't know I would
be shocked if there was even an ounce of
guilt in any any of these supporters
right but like so you're gonna justify
this anyway but she cares deeply for
children she really does um but she's
like but stop trying to get me to care
about them because I don't so the guy
said that these people that we have
coming across the border illegally are
breaking the rules I have no feelings
for them at all so I'm not making it up
but it's not hyperbole you heard it and
that's the direct quote I have no
feelings for them at all so look you can
separate out two different things this
is really important guys so you can say
hey should I be coming here and what
what do we do when they're here so for
example you can say hey look I they
shouldn't be breaking the law to come
here and if we allow everybody to come
here then the country is gonna be
swamped and and and it's gonna be a
free-for-all you should apply for
immigration in the legal wait that's a
totally perfectly legitimate thing to
say in fact the great majority of the
country agrees with that and and you can
say hey when they can't come here
illegally we can have a debate about how
long they should be able to seek asylum
what facilities we should put them in
etc but we shouldn't have a debate as to
whether we should treat them decently as
fellow human beings you could want to
send them back and you can say hey they
don't get to stay here that's fair
but if you then say I'm not only gonna
send them back but in the moment that
they're in America I'm gonna treat them
as cruelly as possible that's what makes
you a bad guy you see what I'm saying
like so I could agree to say hey you
know what they should stay in a facility
for X period of time until we adjudicate
whether they're legitimately seeing
asylum or not and if they're not they
got to go back and that's fine but I
will not agree to treat them monstrously
while they're here that's not what we do
as Americans or at least that's not what
we used to do I don't know where America
look what I do bear seing those those
people in that video embarrass me they
make me feel loved shame that I've never
felt before and I've told this story
before if you're a member you probably
heard it in a postgame or an old school
episode TYT comm slash joined to become
a member get all those great progressive
shows but my dad when he came here in
the 1960s was treated wonderfully
wonderfully America was so open and
inviting they took he managed to go the
White House and meet JFK within a couple
months of being here this family that
was wealthy took him and my mom to
vacation with them in Miami for a week
they're a young Muslim couple that came
here that America was so wonderful to
then that's why part of the reason why
we love this country so it is different
unfortunately we've gotten worse not
better we have a bunch of people sitting
in what looks to be a lovely diner would
normally want to join them in going like
hey what do you want me to care about
kids I don't care about him right
that guy talked about how hey when I was
16 years old I got fined for swimming in
a lake I shouldn't have been swimming in
yeah that's not the same thing yeah it's
just really not the same thing and and
then MSNBC seven-year-old was
interviewing a pastor Bill Sutton of
Trinity Baptists of McAllen Texas and he
said when asked hey well you agree with
this stuff is to be fair some of the
evangelical leaders do not agree with it
even Franklin Graham who let's think and
Stan said it's disgraceful what we're
doing to the kids and the families right
but this pastor no no what Trump says
it's got to be right so they asked them
one way he said quote blind faith is how
you have to trust the Lord
I can't with this wait a minute the Lord
no for him for him what is the Lord but
yeah it is so then they rule press them
on and he said she said it's different
elected officials and the Lord are two
different things he said but they are
ministers of God for the righteous I
don't believe any person is in any
office that God has not allowed to be
there is that how we felt when Obama was
in office I could be wrong maybe he
really did feel that way when Obama was
in office but I would I would venture to
say that is not the case and how can you
prance around as a priest while your
dear leader is doing something
incredibly cruel to innocent children
I mean come on so that's a great
question as to whether these pastors
were saying hey look God put Obama into
office so we shouldn't say anything
against them that's not how I remember
it but extend that logic a little
further anyone who's in office God put
him there
Anthony Weiner God put him in office
what are you gonna do why why are you
getting on him for sending pictures of
his genitalia to two young girls online
remember God put in their blind faith
blind faith in the ladies and the
government agencies are the righteous
wait I thought you were against big
government
let's get politics out for one second
and just focus on the words blind faith
that is that is one of the dumbest
concepts I've ever heard in my entire
life yeah that's putting that out there
blind faith but the reason the right
wing in almost every country goes and
gets the votes of the ultra-religious
whether it's Muslims in in in Turkey for
example that vote for the right wing
leader out of blind faith it's whether
it's the evangelicals in this country
that vote for right-wing leaders in
blind faith and it goes on and on it
applies to almost every religion Hindu
nationalist and and fundamentalist I
vote for right-wing leaders in in India
it's the same all across the world why
for people who don't use logic it's
super easy to trick them you just say
hey I'm your leader you must have blind
faith in me and they go okay I operated
on blind faith so okay if you
say so then I'll give you everything I
mean look at the irrationality of this
North Carolina evangelical pastor Mike
Purdue's said quote on the same issue
it's the parents the parents who bring
their children to the border to violate
the law so it's the parents fault not
the government for taking the kids away
from the parents so I guess by that
logic I mean Jesus Christ violated the
laws of the land at the time and he got
crucified for it it must have been the
Virgin Mary's fault I'm using your logic
okay because he broke the government's
laws that's why he was crucified and so
who's responsible for having a law
breaker like that it must be the Virgin
Mary
no it's her fault so hey don't blame
anybody but the Virgin Mary for Jesus
getting crucified were these individuals
is passionate about the rule of law when
their president defrauded students with
a fake unaccredited University and then
had to pay a settlement of twenty five
million dollars did they feel
passionately about the law that did they
feel passionately about the law when it
was discovered that their president used
his own charitable foundation to pay for
his own legal settlements did they feel
passionately about the law then they
don't feel passionately about the law
they hate people who aren't white plain
and simple they don't like the
immigrants they don't want them in the
country they don't care how cruel they
need to be in order to get rid of them
that's that's who they are
that's who this pastor is that's who you
know the people in that video are that's
who they are it's just plain and simple
they don't care about the other
law-breaking but on top of that they
proved that it was about race when now
they are saying take away legal
immigration whether it's naturalized
citizens whether it's people with a visa
lottery or even family immigration that
is the most common way to do legal
immigration and these right-wingers say
no we do not want them in the country
even if they come in legally it is
unfortunately about the race and about
hate and I'm pretty sure that wasn't
Jesus's message these pastors might want
to read the Bible a little bit
more carefully two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
