I consider to be a very important
executive order it's about keeping
families together well Trump is busy
being the gas-like King and taking
credit for a problem he himself created
by signing an executive order today and
changing it back let's talk about
priorities conversation people usually
have her on being offended is dumb as
heck because everyone gets offended
about everything and everyone is
hypocritical about it instead let's talk
about what doesn't offend you because
now that toddlers are having toys ripped
from them at the US border and this
administration is propping up baby
detention facilities and calling them
tender care detention centers
hey those facilities are important you
know to make today's babies tomorrow's
ms-13 leader you know how much cocaine
you can send a baby last touch kilos
it's time to see what turns the right
into emotional snowflakes clutching
their pearls running at the nearest safe
space aside for my Instagram where I can
obviously demonstrate that I can dunk
and have physical superiority over half
the people that call me soy boys for
example if the site of black athletes
kneeling during the national anthem
offends you because you think it's on
American and why won't the football may
stand so have you watched any football
since these events take place I tried to
watch it I just couldn't because I just
kept crying but ripping babies away from
legal asylum-seekers seems like a
totally fine 100% American thing to do
and you should probably reconsider your
priorities these kids are being I'm so
sorry we have to go given scripts to
read my liberals if you thought
professional lives there Huckabee
Sanders being mocked for her looks was
deeply offensive but I think that
Trump's former campaign official mocking
a 10 year old girl with Down syndrome
being ripped away from her family is
perfectly acceptable then I don't know
what to say about you a ten-year-old
girl with Down syndrome who was taken
from her mother and put in a cage I read
about a a they just they won't want to a
10 year old with Down syndrome sometimes
the mentally handicapped end up in the
fray when you're trying to own some
lives that's what happens no one is safe
if children marching for comprehensive
gun control legislation bothers you but
neo-nazis protesting on the street and
killing people does not indefinitely
think about the side you're on if you
thought a ban on all Muslims entering
the United States was not in the least
bit fear-mongering proto-fascist garbage
but thought Michelle Obama
wanting to change school lunches to
healthier alternatives the combat
childhood obesity was tyranny then get
off the internet and reconfigure where
you're at in life seriously log off why
would you want to raise your own kids
you're right when Michelle Obama will do
it right in fact she'll do it at
gunpoint you know log off darker Carlson
now look you can have your opinions you
can even try to back them from an
ideological stance in order to come
across as not a racist person but
instead just someone who is a simple
conservative but if you have these set
of opinions you're just absolutely
hypocritical and sometimes even morally
reprehensible but fear not unlike the
mythical blue haired social justice
Medusa I still believe you can change
come watch my other videos share them
with your friends and hopefully get a
new perspective I'm a sound biker if you
like this video please share this with
your friends especially the conservative
ones don't forget to leave your thoughts
in the comment section below and also
don't forget to download the TYT app for
the latest and greatest
