did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio so
fantastic news out of Wolfpack
in Maryland there's a lot of good parts
to this as you'll see first of all we
went to the Maryland House of Delegates
the Wolfpack did and if you're not
familiar with the organization wolf dash
pack.com they're looking to get money
out of politics and they're not playing
around as you'll see in the story I'm
about to explain and and they've already
gotten five states to say yeah yeah
let's go to a convention let's propose
an amendment let's go around Washington
we don't need them we can get money out
of politics and I'm out of the United
States Constitution five states
including the largest one of the country
California so they go to Maryland they
go to the House of Delegates and they
never passed there before we've been
trying for quite some time and guess
what I was this here crushing victory 94
242 all right now that's fantastic but
you got a pass in both sides of
legislature so they go over the Senate
and they've had good results in the
Senate in the past so this ought to be
fairly straightforward and they actually
have 24 co-sponsors on the Senate side
and as usual let me give it a little bit
of credit here on the house side speaker
Mike Bush was critical
wonderful job by him and getting this
through and on the Senate side our
sponsor was Senator Paul Penske and he's
got 24 co-sponsors lined up I guess how
many senators there are in Maryland
there's only 47 state senators that
means I can do the math on that one
we're gonna win and we're gonna put
Maryland on the board right well now
here comes unfortunate part of the story
so you got to go through a committee
before you give the whole Senate and the
whole Senate we're nearly guaranteed a
victory we have more co-sponsors not
only people willing to vote for us but
it sponsors of the bill
then you need for a majority so great
right but going through the committee we
have the boats lined up and it turns out
they get calls from lobbyists but not
Republican lobbyist Democratic lobbyists
saying the National Democratic Party and
some so-called progressive groups in
Washington are not happy with this
legislation they're not in favor of this
change and all of a sudden a couple
people that were supposed to vote for it
back out we don't make it out of
committee and it dies so this is how
politics has played guys it's hardball
but here's the interesting part two can
play at that game so I introduce to you
now the concept of hardball from us wolf
dash pack.com slash stick so there are
carrots and sticks in politics it is now
time for the sticks so the person who
decided to not vote for our bill is up
for election for a state Senate
we will not be supporting her we will be
supporting her opponent and
significantly so now here's a twist
oftentimes progressives are outgunned
there's a lot more money on the other
side because of corporations etc etc
well when it comes to local races we are
not outgunned Wolfpack actually has a
financial advantage sometimes when we do
this people cry about it
they go oh well you're supposed to get
money out of politics but you're putting
money into politics here god damn right
we are
there's an easy way to fix that you can
get money out of politics you could vote
for our bill and then you won't have any
of these problems so I want you to go to
that because I want you to donate I want
us to raise a ton of money we already
have a good war chest
we'd like a bigger one so that there are
consequences for not voting in the right
direction
now great news here the person that this
senator is against is a wonderful
politician by the name of Antonio Hayes
he already voted for our
legislation was a co-sponsor of it in
the house he's now running for that same
Senate seat and in fact he was just
endorsed to by the Baltimore Sun Anna
Reed you of that endorsement in the
second but Antonio Hayes is wonderful he
wants to get money out of politics by
the way he also wants to do criminal
justice reform he's a terrific
progressive candidate so that money will
go towards supporting him and making
sure that you have an actual progressive
senator who wants to get money out of
politics in the Maryland state seat the
Baltimore Sun said Mr Hayes grew up in
Penn North neighborhood has an excellent
understanding of his community's needs
including expanded drug treatment and
mental health services and economic
development so we will support
candidates who are on our side and we
will defeat candidates who are not so if
you want to get involved definitely go
and contribute at wolf dash pack.com
slash stake but also if you're in
Maryland it's time to ride this election
is on Tuesday
so there's canvassing going on there's
phone calls being made from all across
the country
so I need you to go to Maryland at wolf
dash pack.com to join the team that is
doing this fight if you've got money you
want to put it in great if you don't
have money and you want to volunteer
excellent that's okay we're gonna do it
either way right and we're gonna do it
with your help and when we canvass we
canvass in numbers and when we make
phone calls we make a lot of them that's
called a wolf attack team here's what
you don't want the wolf attack team
showing up I remember the story in New
Hampshire guy voted against us in that
case he was a Republican his name was
Steve vallencourt he had been in office
since the 1990s he was such a
well-established incumbent that they
thought that he could not be beat I have
in my office a framed copy of the local
newspaper that says vallencourt loses in
stunning defeat the night before his
defeat he ran into one of our
organizers who is now the National
Director of Wolfpack and he asked them
are you the ones coming for me correct
answer yes I told you when we start a
Wolfpack they're not coming for us
anymore we're coming for them so let's
go get this seat let's put a senator in
there who actually votes with the people
and who votes against corruption and
next year I guess my bet would be that
that vote comes out a little differently
so let's go make that happen
whether you volunteer or you want to
give to a wolf dash pack.com sighs stick
let's finally bring consequences upon
the heads of the people who have made
the wrong decisions let's end corruption
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
