name is Mikkel Wes work in fashion and I
do fashion styling for celebrities I
grew up at 10 years old there was no
more play time I learned very young that
life can change in a split second and
they changed my mom's inmate numbers 1 7
8 0 9 - 0 3 9
my mom drove me to school one day and
she never picked me up she never walked
the streets after that I wasn't sure
what was going on I was just trying to
figure it out I remember knowing like
this is too much for the adults they
can't handle what's going on
you don't see a lot of pictures of me
giggling because I was always kind of
woke to life but I really had to wake up
at 10:00 two life sentences in 50 years
that's not giving my mother a second
chance that's just basically saying oh
we were involved in something and it's
over
it's really hard to do that kind of time
if you had to do a year or two I could
understand but when you're doing year
after year after year after year my name
is Amy Ralston povo and I'm the
president and founder of the candy
Foundation candy stands for clemency for
all nonviolent drug offenders and I was
at the same facility where Michelle West
is right now it's FCI Dublin Federal
Correctional Institution in Dublin
California it's close to San Francisco
and the only good thing about that place
is they can't take the weather away from
you if they could they would have
she went to measures to protect Mikkel
from any kind of fallout after the
arrest because let's face it somebody
got murdered in this case so she had
room to be concerned I just feel like
she was put in the situation where she
had no choice I mean she could have
cooperated something could have happened
to McHale she would never been able to
live with herself if that had happened
the conspiracy law is why she's there
they say that you're innocent until
proven guilty that's not true you're
guilty until you're proven innocent I'm
living that life every day with my mom I
met a lot of women in there who were
serving more time than anybody else in
the case even though those people were
much more involved
my mom has never seen the iPhone in
person like when she left we didn't even
really have cell phones
hello hey mommy how are you things are
going well and it's exciting to you know
to be still moving forward and working
on things and showing my strength these
conversations are not so easy sometimes
and the crusade that I'm on is that so
often you hear prosecutors say that we
need these laws because we need to force
the the small guy low man on the totem
pole
the Mules to work with us so we can put
the bad guys away my experience and
based on a lot of women that I met in
prison it's actually quite the opposite
I mean they'll cut a deal with whoever
they will cut a deal with them and so
often it's a lot of time the people at
the top because they have more
information the more information you
have the better your deal
and they say first-in first-out first
first one to cut a deal is the first one
out of prison when I think about my mom
what comes to mind would be loyalty
honor and respect my mom is very strong
so I also think of straight and there
was a very strong powerful image of my
mother and I didn't even recognize my
mother because she just kind of looked
tired and over it but it's really a
powerful image it just shows her
strength I personally feel like
everything has been taken away from my
mom with the exception of me
when things are taken from you and
you're deprived of things that that
changes that changes a lot this is
hasn't been you know the easiest thing
he's actually been a lot sometimes I
wonder why I was chosen for this
everyone praises him for being such a
wonderful president but I personally
feel like I was used just to be the face
of something because he freed some
people maybe about a thousand but a lot
of them were not women and it wasn't my
mom and I had become at that point the
poster child for this whole clemency
thing so it was a huge letdown and I was
embarrassed
is there anything else did you think you
want to say regarding the free Michelle
West campaign like boost your clan brash
I have a question like when you think
about coming Hollywood what's the first
thing you want to do she did surprise me
with the Disneyland comment that was
funny
it's it you got a fine laughter and joy
a nice in this this time but yeah we'll
go to Disney World
God didn't put my mom on earth to serve
her rest of her life in prison
that's not why she was created
you
