did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio often
times Donald Trump focuses on what he
perceives to be criminal activity south
of the border
well out now he is raising awareness
about the real criminal activity that's
happening at the northern border hmm
take a look the tariffs to get common
items back into Canada are so high that
they have to smuggle them in they buy
shoes than they wear them they scuff
them up they make them sound old or look
old now what she did horribly Dairy
Dairy Dairy Dairy okay no Anna I don't
know if you've heard about these roving
gang no Canadian shoe smugglers but it
is a real problem in America you know
what I think we just got to stop
Canadian immigration into the country
until we figure out what the hell is
going on why are they wearing the shoes
here and then wearing a man to Canada
and they're selling them again it's come
up a scuffle of them wouldn't they get a
lower price if they scuffed them up so
he claimed in that speech that a major
newspaper had written about these
Canadian shoe smugglers recently so
reporters bothered to try to look it up
to see if anyone had actually written a
story about Canadian shoe smugglers and
they couldn't find it so apparently a
New York Post reporter Isabel Vincent
who is a native of Canada had written a
story okay
expressing her skepticism that Canadians
would boycott American goods and then
she used anecdotal evidence to make her
point she cited that her uh family uh
and
her friends had bought lower-cost shoes
clothing and other items sneaking them
back across the border to avoid tariffs
so let's get that right they were not
going to go and resell them in Canada no
okay it actually did not relate to the
story that he was talking about yeah and
it is a newspaper run by Rupert Murdoch
he was an enormous Donald Trump
supporter that's right that's right
and and let me also note one other thing
you know what Americans do to avoid very
expensive drug prices they go to Canada
they go to Mexico I mean like no but to
be to be fair when we do get our drugs
from Canada first we scuff them up we do
want to make the drugs look old you know
right but he really like he presented
that that was a major problem in America
we got the Canadians company to get our
shoes good shoes my favorite thing is
like this was this was a meeting of
small business owners right uh-huh
and he just he went on so many different
random rants so shoes being stolen or
smuggled from the United States the
Canada blame Canada at least it's
somewhat related to business I don't
know then he went on the the rant
against judges right
it's like judges what do we need judges
for we just need a border or maybe we
need a border and judges I don't know
and then Dairy Dairy Dairy Dairy what's
happening with the dairy okay so even
the South Park guys couldn't come up
with something as ridiculous as the
Canadians smuggling shoes out of America
by scuffing them up so no one would
notice he's the president he's the
president talking like a lunatic in
front of businessmen and they're like oh
yeah now that's a big problem
two easy ways follow young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our video
