did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio a number
of Republicans have weighed in on Donald
Trump's immigration policy and that is
the policy of taking children away from
their parents as they get prosecuted
under this zero-tolerance policy now
Trump is digging his heels he remains
defiant he refuses to change you know
his tone but he also is contradicting
himself because he wants to process
these immigrants as quickly as possible
and get them out of the country that
requires judges now as many as a
thousand new cases are being referred to
immigration judges and so this backlog
is proving to be a huge problem and
Trump doesn't see the need to hire more
judges he explains during his speech at
the National Federation of Independent
businesses take a look ultimately we
have to have a real border not judges
thousands and thousands of judges they
want to hire who are these people when
we vet a single federal judge it goes
through a big process everybody that's
ever met
now we're hiring thousands and thousands
what country does this judges now what
seriously what country does it they said
sir would like to hire about five or six
thousand more judges five or six
thousand it's horrible
we don't want judges we want security on
the border we don't want people coming
in what kind of country has judges a
country that believes in checks and
balances a country that's supposed to
have a functioning democratic system
that's the kind of country a country
that you don't really believe in so
where all the constitutionalists right
all of those right-wingers who claim
they're constitutionalist by the way
real quick fact check no no one is
asking him to hire 5,000 judges he made
that number up also in reality there are
the Justice Department's immigration
courts division division they have 335
judges nationwide nationwide with more
than 100 more judges budgeted for and
that's according to a Department of
Justice spokesperson someone that Trump
might want to have a conversation with
before going on an anti judge rant
during a speech in front of small
business owners okay so let's break this
down
judges I couldn't imagine it I if I
tried to pick a rant that Trump would go
on that is against our democracy I
wouldn't have picked this one I wouldn't
have thought to pick this one judges
who's in favor of judges I don't know
every democracy in the world that's
who's in favor of judges people are in
favor of rule of law that's who's in
favor of judges you're going on the rant
against judges what do you he's like the
allen iverson of judges judges we're
talking about judges stupid you have a
zero-tolerance policy right you want to
prosecute you want to prosecute you want
to prosecute how do you prosecute people
you do it with judges judges judges
judges you want judges homeboy you want
judges he's but he doesn't believe in
our system that's what we keep telling
you every day because he's chosen every
day
so if you were so look there's two
things that you need to judge us for for
the asylum seekers now they've sped up
that process but you can't just say hey
you're seeking asylum okay we don't care
we're just gonna kick you out but Trump
absolutely wants that that's why of
course it's illegal but he doesn't care
that's why he said in the beginning
ultimately we have to have a real border
not judges so forget okay now if you're
a vicious right winger and there's a lot
of you out there you're gonna agree with
them and go through the laws screwed who
cares just build a giant wall kick their
asses out I don't care if they're
running from a murderous regime
I mean you hate Venezuela right if
you're a right we're here what if
they're running from the tyrant in
Venezuela too bad okay
as they're Latino just kick them out all
right whatever so I'm leaving that aside
okay you're not a decent human being I
got it okay but to Anna's point he wants
to prosecute the people who came over
the border and that was a misdemeanor we
didn't used to prosecute that we would
just kick them out of the country now
he's saying don't kick them out of the
country hold them in our prisons and
prosecute them well how are you gonna do
that without judges but for Trump he
thinks who cares just put him in prison
no you're absolutely right because he in
judges in judges in Trump's mind he is
the judge
he's the jury he's the executioner
period he does everything unilaterally
when are people gonna get it through
their heads he does not believe in
checks and balances doesn't want to work
with Congress doesn't want to work with
his advisers doesn't want to work with
anyone he wants to make decisions
unilaterally we're all the conservatives
who are crying about Obama signing
executive orders so look Jeff session is
a super right wing or almost everybody
in the country that was right we used to
love Jeff Sessions although Trump
started tagging him for the Russia
investigation in center but Sections
loves this policy it since policy two
he's like no we're gonna prosecute them
so what his sessions do and if you're a
conservative you would like this he
dispatched 35 additional US state
attorneys and 18 immigrant dredges to
the southern border if you're concerned
you should be high-fiving yeah let's go
let's go put those immigrants into
prison yes right but at least sessions
understands that in our country we in
trials we have things called judges we
Trump is a madman I feel like every day
I come on the program and it's grin out
day and I have to convince you all over
again that trumps a lunatic who doesn't
believe in democracy and then he goes on
this wild unhinge rant against trenches
I can't fathom it but I'm not done or
he's not done at the end of that he said
this which was really telling about who
Donald Trump is he says now five or six
thousand referring the judges now can
you imagine the graft that must take
place you're all small business owners
so I know you can't imagine a thing like
that would happen
why would
there be graft and bribery when it comes
to judges I don't yeah no no I know
fascinating because he thinks well what
do I do when I run a business
I do graft and if you bring me judges
I'll do graft so he assumes that if
there are judges there are going to be
people like him bribing them that's an
unbelievable assumption especially for
the President of the United States
saying well if there are us judges we'll
obviously they'll commit bribery and
because I mean what else would you do
with a judge Wow you gotta get him out
of office immediately he's a threat to
the country man he's a threat to our
Constitution he's a threat to our former
government now you keep but but we
believe in the rule of law so you can't
just say I don't like you and you're a
weirdo who doesn't understand anything
about America so you got to go so for
God's sake if Muller's got evidence on
him let's go already
let's go we got to get this guy out and
we got to do it the right way because we
actually care about rule of law and the
the very last person that I want Trump
to see I want him to see him don't get
me wrong at the end of that process I'd
like him to see a judge and maybe that's
why he doesn't like judges two easy ways
for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
