did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio the
Supreme Court has decided to not crack
down on partisan gerrymandering in the
state of Wisconsin now they are offering
an opportunity for the plaintiffs in
this case to come back to them with
something known as standing which genk
we'll get to in just a second but first
let me give you more context the
justices unanimously agreed that the
plaintiffs in Gil V Whitford 12
Wisconsin Democratic voters who suit to
strike down the state legislature map
arguing it was gerrymandered against the
party failed to establish standing to
bring their lawsuit so the justices
concluded that plaintiffs focused on
proving the entire state map was
gerrymandered against Democrats instead
they should have focused on Pro proving
whether their particular districts were
gerrymandered okay so let me give you
context here that's really important
first of all well if you don't know
about gerrymandering that's where
politicians pick their voters instead of
the voters picking their politicians
they just draw ridiculous maps and
they're like this will be my district
because that district favors me and so a
lot of people are suing over that it's
going all the way up to the Supreme
Court there's a reason why the Supreme
Court doesn't want to make that decision
today I'll explain that in a second so
they use this excuse called standing now
standing is a real legal concept and and
it makes sense if you and I are in a
dispute and Bob comes in and wants to
sue one of us the court goes Bob what do
you ever anything to do with it get out
of here yeah right so in this case do
they have standing to sue on behalf of
all the voters of Wisconsin the court
says no you have to actually just worry
about your own district because that's
the district you live in I actually
think that makes no sense even though it
was a unanimous decision and I'll tell
you why I think it was unanimous also in
a second why does it make
well if you're a Democrat in a district
that's got 80% Democrats the courts
gonna say to you okay you could only
talk about your own district your
districts overwhelmingly Democrat what
are you complaining about well you have
to know the context the context is
because this district is 80% Democrat
three districts around it are 55%
Republican and that's how they
manipulate this state by drawing the map
in a way that you are gonna get one
guaranteed Democratic seats and three
likely Republican seats to use an
example right so that's why saying you
don't have standing to talk about the
whole state makes no sense in my opinion
in this context so why did the all the
Justice agree to it well the Republicans
have their plan which is I want to wait
till after the 2018 elections now some
will say hey Jake this is this is too
conspiratorial the Supreme Court
justices are not partisan they're just
calling balls and strikes as John
Roberts said they're just neutral
umpires have you seen any of their
decisions no the Republicans want to
wait and if the Democrats win over the
house and have a landslide election in
2018 then in 2019 they'll come back and
go
yeah gerrymander it's a bad idea that
because yeah you know what I don't
politicians picking their own voters
that's crazy talk why because they do
the redistricting every 10 years after
the sentence after the census which then
becomes our sentence anyway if the
Democrats win big in 2018 they might win
huge in 2020 and then they would get to
draw the maps so the Republicans on the
court will go gerrymandering it's a bad
idea I don't know why anybody thought it
was a good idea right if the Republicans
win in 2018 then they get to do a
do-over and go yeah you know what your
districts fine I think you've got
nothing to complain about in your
district
Jeremy Aries fine we're going forward ya
know so why do the Democrats go along
with it because at least this
conservative Supreme Court again this is
my speculation okay this Supreme Court
conservative Supreme Court doesn't say
the gerrymandering is okay so the
Democrats go okay fine let's punt and
then four of them the liberal justices
write an opinion saying well when they
do come back we should be able to look
at the whole state and make that
decision that way and the question is
will they get any of the Republicans
with them and that depends on the
outcome of the elections so I do also
want to mention the actions taken by
Clarence Thomas and Neil Gorsuch they
dissented from this part of the ruling
because they just want to throw this out
completely like they they're like Oh
partisan gerrymandering that that favors
Republicans awesome so yeah you know
they don't even want this case to come
back even withstanding that they just
want to throw it out so Clarence Thomas
has always been this way he almost never
asked a question is barely awake during
the proceedings he's just at Danny's
like okay what do Republicans want right
now we're winning gerrymander yeah
chairman who's awesome totally
constitutional okay now Neil Gorsuch is
so conservative he's gone to the right
of Samuel Alito who used to be the other
massive right winger at Gorsuch psych
hold my beer okay by the way Clarence
Thomas is like be glad to right wing
they're like politicians being corrupt
and drawing districts in a way that they
can't possibly lose and on behalf of
Republicans like I jump in it I love it
what's our important being on this court
it's to make rulings like this you know
you could argue that John Roberts and
Alito are more savvy in waiting to see
what happens after the 2018 election so
damned if you do damned if you don't
but at the end of the day Jeremy nuri is
wrong even if it is to the advantage of
Democrats they're wrong when they do it
in Maryland it wrong when they tried in
Colorado now Republicans do it far more
often we're not doing false equivalency
here but whether it's the Republican
Party or the Democratic Party no matter
who wins in 2018 they should not be
allowed to gerrymander these districts
we should actually have a democracy two
easy ways for young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
