the Republican Party continues
victimizing families who attempt to come
into the United States and seek asylum
and then after getting criticized for
their treatment toward these people they
further victimize the victims and they
do it in the form of conspiracy theories
defaming them perfect example would be
an Coulter who just recently compared
these kids to child actors on Fox News
Bing and crying on all the other
networks 24/7 right now do not fall for
it mr. president
I get very nervous about the president's
news from TV because I also have an idea
is not a concern okay publication they
just skirts I told you when you get away
I'm so sorry we have to go given scripts
to read by liberals according to The New
Yorker don't all for the actor children
with okay actor children so that photo
that we showed you earlier of that
two-year-old Honduran child crying took
really great acting classes
I mean liberals really paid a lot of
money to make sure that she got some
top-notch acting classes and Coulter is
one of the most disgusting human beings
in existence like and people think oh no
she says things for shock value she
doesn't really know she believes it she
really does she can't stand stand anyone
in part of any minority group thinks
they're peasants thinks that they're
subhuman I look at her and I see a true
subhuman yeah look he's those not
putting words in her mouth she's warned
about the Browning of America
she says that the America's coming in
come from a peasant culture so look it
doesn't matter if she means it or not
she goats people on dude those policies
that do rip dick kids away from their
parents and so either way she encourages
as she does it either because she's a
terrible person
or she doesn't for money I don't not
sure which one's worse well we know
there's a lot of people you know spewing
nonsense conservative talking points for
money yeah yeah so but this whole false
equivalency yeah well a progressives and
turret of tomato tomahto I can't tell I
can tell that's a terrible human being
an Coulter who makes up things that
aren't remotely true by the way The New
Yorker said no such thing our best guess
is that she was referring to a New York
Times article that had nothing to do
with these immigrants that are coming in
right now
it had to do with another issue
altogether our parents telling their
kids what to say to seek asylum okay not
child actors who are being brought in
with fake stories of asylum that
liberals taught them no no you know who
believes that lunatics so there there is
no equivalency between the right wing
and the left wing the right wing is
filled with lunatics like Alex Jones and
Ann Ann Coulter and and it goes on and
on and we're gonna get to Drudge next
but I mean is anyone really in the
mainstream media or is there anyone on
the left that's like Ann Coulter that's
as racist as Ann Coulter is that's as
maniacal and and filled with false
narratives and lies and propaganda like
Ann Coulter name it name it name one
person on the left and that is have any
near anywhere near the popularity of an
Coulter that lies like that that makes
up outrageous lies like that none what's
crazy is that this is now what what
Coulter did in that clip is now part of
the Republican playbook in Trump's era
and what I mean by that is you never
apologize you never admit when you're
wrong in fact when you face backlash
over a policy that has either failed or
is controversial you double down and you
defamed the victims of that policy and
that's what she did they're calling
these kids child actors that's exactly
what happened after the Stoneman Douglas
shooting okay look these these shooting
survivors let's go ahead and defame them
because they want gun control I mean
again Republican playbook now The Drudge
Report just as terrible as Ann Coulter
is so they decided to miss report and
miss identify some of these immigrant
children by using the following photo
these children who appear to be holding
weapon
and who appeared to be dangerous are not
actually children who tried to enter the
United States south of the border
they're actually children in Syria and
those are toy guns not real guns and we
are among the people who have ripped
Syria apart and and brought that
violence to Syria but anyway it's toy
guns
so the drudge takes a picture that has
nothing to do with this story puts it
out of this story as if the kids are
coming across with the real guns and
that they're gonna do commit crimes
against us you know why you do that
because you're not a news person you're
a person who does propaganda and you lie
for a living like Matt Drudge does you
know that look you might not know this
at all because you're not in the news
business if you're you know average guy
you got a different job etc almost the
entirety of the news media for about a
decade would follow Drudge religiously
now they still look at Drudge but they
look at a lot of different websites but
for about a decade they all relied on
Matt Drudge not anybody why part of the
reason was oh if you got Drudge to link
to you then your traffic would go up and
you'd be a little bit more famous so
they'd all be like Oh what does drug say
what does drug say George says nothing
but lies and they all went along
sheepish Lee and then they called it the
liberal media what a hilarious joke that
is Matt Drudge as usual yet another lie
by the way Donald Trump jr. the
president's son retweets and culture
Breitbart writes an article about what
Ann Coulter said so it's not just one
offs no it's the whole machine the
Republican conservative machine is built
on lies they can't win on reality they
can't wait on facts so all they ever do
is make up conspiracies and and lie and
partly because they know mainstream
media is gonna call it even at the end
of the day what difference does it make
we can lie till the cows come home and a
mainstream Widow's media will say
Republicans say this Democrats say this
I can't tell the difference yeah and I'm
look honestly I'm seeing that everywhere
and it's driving me crazy where you'll
have a panel
in that panel on on cable news you'll
have the so-called liberal then you'll
have the conservative and then the
conservative will spout the lies and the
segments are so short that there isn't
even an opportunity to debunk the lies
or to call out the lies the conservative
is spewing on air so it's just it's this
superficial shallow coverage of such an
important and complex issue that's led
us to where we are today because we're
allowing one side to lie as much as they
want and they confuse people look not
every American is is a bad person people
who might support this policy aren't
necessarily bad people not everyone has
the resources to sit down and really
understand the nuances of this issue if
you just watch cable news and you get
your information from cable news you're
not gonna know what the reality is
because you don't have anchors who
actually decipher truth from from
fiction I'd say number one company and
and network that's responsible for this
is CNN CNN is guilty so there's some
anchors on there that are wonderful ok I
there's a couple but overall for the
network they say this they say that hey
you guys say together and lies get just
as much coverage as truth does from time
to time their reporter in the White
House will tweak Donald Trump and Donald
Trump will cry over it or Sarah Huckabee
Sanders will cry over but largely he
said she said
what are we reporters we're not gonna
tell you what the reality is and so it's
endless then they bring out guys like
Alan Dershowitz and they go here's a
liberal who totally agrees with Donald
Trump what dear shirts is not a liberal
dura shorts is massively right-wing on
foreign policy and he's looking for a
job with Donald Trump as a lawyer and
he's a shill he's a sad pathetic man
looking for a spotlight look so that
makes it seem even more skewed like the
Republicans are totally right
you have liberals like Dershowitz to
agree with them according to the framing
of cable news cable news is a disease in
a lot of ways and they're the ones that
have equated lies with the truth and
that they should have never been equated
and it's killing the country in a lot of
ways CNN reminds me of Obama in his
first term like trying to appeal to
those on the right even though the right
hates you they
hate you they hate you they think you're
fake news they've bought into that whole
narrative by the Trump administration
just do your jobs and tell the audience
what the facts are two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
