alright guys there's a guy named Erik
Barbara and he's in the City Council for
Parkersburg West Virginia and he made a
big deal about leaving Democratic Party
and turning into a Republican recently
why he said because the Democrats are
anti-christian now so first of all let
me just say that this whole walkaway
movement I think is total utter nonsense
I think it's guys who are massively
right-wing already and like the idea
that there's like a whole legion of
people who are now realizing Democratic
Party is what cares too much about the
average guy or is too corrupt
I mean too corrupt you could go to the
Republican Party are you kidding me
anyway I don't think it's a real
phenomenon this guy as you're about to
see was never progressive so after the
Cavanaugh confirmation he got all
animated and decided to do a public
message where he said hey time to get
your coat hangers ready liberals how's
that for classy and this guy claims the
Democratic Party is anti-christian so
the Christian thing to do okay
apparently according to him is to tell
women and liberals to get their coat
hangers ready that's disgusting man and
thinking about it even if you think the
Christian position is anti abortion
which I've said a thousand times you
should actually read the Bible read
numbers and in numbers you will see that
the Bible's actually has no problem with
abortion or miscarriage in fact it
encourages it if you think that your
wife is cheated on you read your actual
Bible but even if you think the Bible is
anti abortion well using the coat
hangers would be abortion but far far
more dangerous what kind of a monster
celebrates that well the kind of monster
that I apparently feels welcome in the
Republican Party these days
unfortunately that's the situation we
have and yet another example of a
horrific person excitedly joining the
Republican Party and then trying to rub
it in to progressives and women all
across the country after Kavanagh
conformation unfortunately that's the
state of the Republican Party today
