a veteran cartoonist for the Pittsburgh
post-gazette has been fired after
working for the paper for 25 years and
the reason he got fired was because his
cartoons were too anti-trump apparently
there were a number of meetings that he
had with the editorial director Keith
Burris who is very supportive of Donald
Trump and through those meetings it was
abundantly clear that the cartoonist was
attacking Trump too much now the
cartoonist name is Rob Rogers and he
said that he was fired after he in the
newspapers management clashed over some
sketches critical of President Donald
Trump and we're gonna show you some of
those sketches in just a moment he
shared this information via Twitter
saying that he was sad to report this
update today after 25 years as the
editorial cartoonist for the Pittsburgh
post-gazette
I was fired so he knew that there were
problems as early as March of this year
that was when Rob Rogers said the paper
first started rejecting his cartoon
drafts and ideas without explanation he
said quote that we were headed for some
kind of a compromise or showdown I
didn't know what it was going to be but
it turns out it was a showdown so since
March the Post Gazette had axed 19 of
his cartoon drafts and proposals without
explanation
that's according to Rogers statement I
feel like this is a very he's being very
diplomatic when he could be saying like
where are we North Korea like this is
what they do in dictatorships they have
state-run media where you are not
allowed to criticize the government so
they love the attacked cartoonists Jim
Carrey Rogers they rejected six of his
cartoons in a row he said over 90% of
the cartoons that were rejected were
about Trump and the rest were making fun
of things like Roseanne Barr which is
kind of related to Trump etcetera Keith
versus written glowing editorials about
Donald Trump
and and John block is the conservative
publisher of the paper but at least if
you live in Pittsburgh and I love
Pittsburgh now you know Pittsburgh
post-gazette
is totally biased in favor of
conservatives and by the way I that's
okay or so they have a conservative
paper just own it and and
so and you block a free speech from the
opposite side and you're not the
government you're allowed to we're
principled on that issue
I hear that Ben Shapiro is going nuts
over it because his attack on freedom of
speech oh no he's not
oh that's weird no the intellectual dark
web is very upset about this they don't
want to live in a society where
political correctness dominates the
conversation you know so I'm sure that
those individuals are very concerned and
they're gonna fight for this this
cartoonist yeah right anyway I love how
they pretend to be these martyrs or
something but look my concern is this
isn't an isolated incident right so we
have media consolidation like never
before right with the merger of eighty
and Time Warner
we have Sinclair broadcasting group
which of course owned a giant number of
local news stations throughout the
country they don't just lean
conservative they are conservative they
have must air segments that support all
sorts of pro-trump propaganda news
program in their news programs in local
news programs which is just devastating
and now you have people getting fired
for their political views in you know
various papers throughout the country
this is scary it's scary when you put it
in the context of who Trump is the type
of affinity he has for dictators and you
know authoritarianism I just worry about
how quickly weird evolving into a
society that doesn't actually value our
rights our Constitution as much as we
used to it shouldn't even be about
politics I mean it's like the number one
rule and satire is you punch up you
don't punch down you punch up who's up
right now guess what the president and
the Republicans are up right now so if
you're punching up that's what you're
punching to move across all fronts
toward an oligarchical system where
plurality is not celebrated and in every
respect it's the rule by a few in one
person's opinion rather than bringing in
the masses and being a democracy
and this is the definition of political
correctness you did not do cartoons that
were politically correct so you have
been fired ok next time funny man
don't be so funny and by the way didn't
get fired during the Obama
administration you punch up during
Democrats totally fine you punch up
during the Republicans well that's not
politically correct so you're fired by
the way the cartoons were excellent they
were so funny and we're going to show
you the cartoons but isn't the job of a
cartoonist she do cartoons
so these wacky power these are the
cartoons that were rejected so there you
have Donald Trump laying a wreath and
truth honor and rule of law which is
accurate by the way that's him snatching
kid these look that's the whole point
it's political cartoons this one is my
favorite one a KKK guy goes could it be
the ambien and clues for racial
sensitivity training is Starbucks and
closed or racial ignorance training as
the NFL and so look whether you agree or
disagree with a car - I've seen a
million political cartoons that were not
of my political leaning I didn't go that
guy should be fired for making fun of
people that's his job two easy ways for
the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
