here's a daily reminder that Isis
Gestapo should be abolished and this
past week ice literally ripped away a
baby from a breastfeeding mother they're
lying to parents about taking their
children to showers and then separating
them instead they also deport a grandpa
in Los Angeles it was a legal permanent
resident there indefinitely detaining
green card holders so spare me if you
think that Isis doing all this is
protect us or to stop ms-13 a criminal
organization whose prevalence has been
dramatically overinflated by the Trump
administration in order to justify all
manner of human rights violations
occurring at the border especially as
Trump calls ms-13 animals but then
denies asylum to their victims maybe
were the animals and the inhumane
punishments that resemble Nazi Germany
don't end at the border immigrant
detainees are forced to work inside of
private prison facilities for $1 a day
these private prisons are profiting off
of state-sponsored slave labor where
human beings are purposely neglected and
deprived of basic human necessities such
as food and toilet paper and then
they're forced to purchase these items
by working you know the old German
saying I bite my thigh or set you free
does this is that to make matters worse
when a lawsuit was filed against the
private prison corporations that these
immigrants are usually detained in GOP
congressmen including Iowa's very own
crypto-fascist Steve King literally said
jeff Sessions a nice director home in a
letter begging to pay these aliens no
more than a dollar a day because they
should know their unwelcome and that the
program is good because slave labor is
actually good for the detainees well not
exactly crossing the border is a
misdemeanor and it's tried in a civil
immigration court not a criminal court
so locking them up is already
questionable is a potential violation of
the Constitution also other misdemeanors
like shoplifting trespassing and public
intoxication are never addressed with
such cruel and unusual punishment also
locking of innocent immigrants
indefinitely all while forcing them into
slave labor is straight-up Nazi shit
just like traumatizing children is Nazi
shit I mean what screams American
Gestapo more than a gutted out Walmart
fashion into a giant prison for children
forcibly ripped from their parents of
the border we'll probably find out next
week actually I have been inside a
federal prison before I've been inside
several county jails this place is
called a shelter but effectively these
kids are incarcerated move along now
nothing to see here just a giant prison
for children where they only have
two hours of free time outside everyday
totally normal stuff guys good job this
expansion of power and unjustifiable
cruelty is identical to how the Gestapo
and the SS leveraged their fear
mongering to gain impunity and increase
their power and unless more people start
speaking out against this now Isis will
take its place next to those owner√≠s
outfits in textbooks that caution
against tyrannical government
organizations actually even if we don't
speak out it probably will and if you're
wondering what you can personally do to
stop this from happening you can share
this video with your friends and help
them try to understand help them gain
more empathy you can also call your reps
at 202 2 2 4 3 1 2 1 and tell them to
end the separation of families at the
border for your Senators you just asked
to pass the keep families together act
and for your house representatives you
ass in the past the help separated
children Act history is essentially
meaningless if we can't learn from the
lessons of our past don't let what
happened in Nazi Germany happened here
because it can and it already is
