okay guys my third seat on this trip I'm
headed back to LA until I'm at an
airport so I'm in New Jersey right now
and I wanted to tell you about this the
interview that I read about with Donald
Trump on Fox News with Bret Baier
talking about kim jeong-hoon dara parts
I understand that our funny and their
part said I don't even understand so
first of all bear to his credit says I
mean you've seen you're praising kim
jongwan a lot the brutal dictator of
north korea he did even call him a
brutal dictator but he did call my
killer and and i've trump did the
classic line which he's done with
vladimir putin before he's like well
there are a lot of killers there's a lot
of bad countries out there that do a lot
of bad things now look and let me first
of all say understandable part which is
that look trump's trying to do a deal
with them so he can't go around
criticizing kim struggling too much but
you could actually explain that you
could just say it that way right you
don't have to keep praising him he
called kim jonghwan a very talented
person based on what and then he says
you know he took over for his father at
the age of 27 run in the country not a
lot of people can do that only one in
10,000 can do that okay that makes no
sense at all one in one can do that it
was handed to him by his dad he now is
the dictator of the country literally
anyone can do that I mean he doesn't
even have a choice he has to do that I
mean that makes no sense at all if he if
he had taken the country from his dad
and liberated it or made it prosperous
or had done something really positive
with it okay then maybe one in 10,000
can do that but take it from your dad
and run it like a dictator just like
your dad was anyone can do that it
doesn't take any talent at all and he's
not just a killer
look there's concentration camps in
North Korea are you believe the worst
country on Earth now I don't want Trump
saying that in the middle of peace
negotiations I get that but he has no
balance and he has no sense of what he's
saying so he says these
over-the-top laudatory things of Kim
jong-un that make no sense so then he
the part I didn't understand at all is
he's like well North Korea is a very
tough country and they have very tough
people I don't know what that means like
if you say it in the context of hey
that's a tough country to live in
and it's a terrible place to live well I
get that right if you say it in terms of
that's okay they have a very tough
people what like they'll take it I don't
know what that means
all I know is Trump has no sense of
proportion
either my button is bigger than yours
and I'm gonna destroy you and you're
nothing rugged man or he's a very
talented guy you know what one in 10,000
and he says that they relate to each
other well that part is very true so
somebody else was handed to everything
they have by their dad and as a wannabe
dictator who doesn't believe in the rule
of law they do have a lot in common I'll
give him that
now America is nowhere near North Korea
and this government is not yet and we're
near the North Korean government of
course right but can someone advise
Trump first of all I don't know if
anyone can advise Trump on anything
because someone advised Trump bring it
down a little bit you don't want to keep
applauding this dictator what if the
peace negotiations don't work out then
you're gonna go back to he's a terrible
guy a button is very small on this guy
you look like a clown when you vacillate
like that and by the way I know you're
making propaganda films and you want to
brag about it what a great negotiator
you are and how you brought peace of the
world but what do we get out of that
deal I mean look I'm glad that he's
trying and it's not a disaster they you
know we promised them not to do war
games which a lot of the war hawks go oh
my God we're to do worms and I get this
South Korea's concern about their safety
and they want to do it as well
so I don't think he traded away anything
that bad either but in return we got a
big promise from North Korea I've seen a
lot of big promises from North Korea and
I get maybe that's what trump means by
Kim Jong is a tough negotiator the tough
negotiator didn't give me anything I
gave him everything okay yeah that part
might be somewhat true okay Trump I know
that you like the guy and um be people
who can just do whatever they want in
their country without anyone to check
them but bring it down bring it down on
the man loafer kim jeong-hoon it's
getting a little unbelievable
I had to put it in at the end I had to
okay
