young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio this is a video that has gone
viral it's just fun let's just end the
show on a fun note this raccoon was
scaling a very tall building skyscraper
I believe and people were very concerned
for its safety and let's just go ahead
and toss the video keep our mics open so
we can discuss it there's nothing better
than an animal story to distract us from
all the terrible things that are
happening in the world so there's the
raccoon that's running from somebody's
trying to scoop that down and it
persists it persists climbing up that
UBS building I'm frightened for it right
now so people were very concerned I
reckon I mean it became this huge story
when oh my god but believe it or not the
raccoon find its way to safety
eventually made it to the top of that
building thank you Anna
I cannot take any animal horror oh
that's a good point I forget but I get
it sent to me all day I'm part of these
web sites the agriculture process
everything involving animals it's so
awful we mistreat them in every way
thank you for a story where the raccoon
actually makes it oh the raccoon I would
not show you guys the video where the
record doesn't make it that would not be
a happy story to end on no that's right
that that is wild that is wild I didn't
even know that raccoons can climb that
high I know that they can climb I've
seen them do it
raccoons also have nearly threatened my
dog like Oh cuz raccoons are not that
mean they're cute and cuddly looking but
they're don't approach raccoons if you
see them sure they have to protect
themselves course ant territory and one
time I was walking my dog raccoon that
was nearby in a tree decided to jump
down the tree and then was eyeing my dog
you know and that was when like the
momma bear in me came out two easy ways
folly
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below then you're a TYT subscriber
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on youtube you are notified of
our videos
you
