young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio following the Trump era tax cuts
the only thing that's trickling down on
us is more corruption from trumps
administration Scott Pruitt would be a
perfect example of that because there's
been the slow and steady flow of insane
news about him using his position of
power to benefit himself and now to
benefit his own wife okay so the
Washington Post broke this incredible
story about how he worked his political
network and utilized his own aides his
political aides in order to find a job
for his wife who hadn't worked for a
while because she was raising their two
children he allegedly told some of his
aides that they have two homes one of
them is in Tulsa and I believe the other
is in Washington and that it's become
increasingly difficult to afford those
homes so he needs to find another source
of income with his wife working now he
enlisted Samantha Travis then serving as
associate administrator for the EPA's
office of policy to line up work for his
wife now Samantha is no longer legal
which is illegal let's be absolutely
clear about that that is absolutely
illegal
Samantha's no longer working for scott
scott pruett or the epa but apparently
they she did reach out to some of his
donors one donor doug dicen said he
could not hire Marilyn Pruitt because of
a conflict of interest now what could
that conflict of interest beef well eh
of course this man is a donor to Pruitt
himself into the Trump administration
but more importantly he has a high
stakes in the oil and gas companies and
Scott Pruett works for the EPA which is
supposed to look out for the environment
and kind of hone in or or rein in I
should say some of these companies Scott
Pruitt continue to solicit his help in
trying to find other possibilities
so he didn't take no for an answer in
the end Eason couldn't do much for
Pruitt but through working his political
network he was able to find his wife a
job so let's get to the details on that
the judicial christ crisis network
confirmed that it employed the one-time
school nurse which is his wife
temporarily as an independent contractor
but it did not disclose via email how
long she worked there or what she was
paid the position came about after the
group received her resume from a man
named Leonard Leo he's the executive
vice president of the Federalist Society
the two organizations do have financial
ties so let's get into the nitty-gritty
on that what are those financial ties
Leo is a prominent Prewitt backer and
longtime friend who has been involved in
arrangements for the administrators
visit to Italy last year now this story
by itself screams a waste of taxpayer
money misuse of taxpayer money taxpayers
spent more than $100,000 on the trip
which included private tours of the
Vatican and meals at some of Rome's
finest restaurants so there has been a
lot of turnover in the Trump
administration we all know that but
Pruitt has remained you know I guess
untainted in Trump's eyes even with all
of these corruption stories all of these
you know misuse of taxpayer funds
stories coming about and and it's always
been strange to me now Trump addressed
Pruitt on multiple occasions and we
found one example that was particularly
egregious let's take a look at that
administrator Scott Pruett thank you
Scott very much EPA is doing really
really well and you know somebody has to
say that about you a little bit you know
that's good but you have done I'd say
the EPA is doing so well he has no idea
what the EPA is doing I think that's
what I get out of that well you're doing
really so so well great you're I love
you okay but here's what's interesting
so Trump has alienated himself from
pretty much everyone
in the White House with the exception of
Scott Pruett Scott Pruett is the only
one in his administration that he talks
to on a regular basis and has friendly
conversations with actually values his
input and advice Trump doesn't value
anyone else's advice within his
administration this was reported earlier
this week in fact when he seeks advice
he usually does it through Anthony scare
Moochie or another personal longtime
friend of his but Scott Pruett has you
know remained favorable in Trump's eyes
and I'm not entirely sure why it's kind
of interesting it seems like is there
one of the easiest departments to
actually implement your corruption and
you know the Department of Environmental
you can always just go right in yeah I
mean it's obvious you have your
connection to all the industries that
want things to be lifted it's you know
even in the simple world of Trump he
knows lifts regulations on these
industries that make tons of money and
pollute and destroy the environment and
as long as I'm angering
environmentalists and people who
actually care about preserving things in
our world then he must be doing
something right I don't need to know the
details all I know is he's in charge of
destroying something that these huge
companies want destroyed money paid
access given yes that's a great point
and he he doesn't really challenge Trump
on something that he and Trump agree on
which is environmental regulations suck
let's get rid of them right Trump's been
wanting to dismantle all of these Obama
era regulations pertaining to the
environment and Pruett has no problem
doing that he loves it he's been in the
pocket of these big oil companies for a
very long time that's that's been his
career if it does come down to you know
relying on him to be at least a sounding
board for his ideas or possibly for
advice it could be that he has the
perception that Scott Pruett might be
one of the few people in the White House
who isn't leaking things that's possible
I imagine he's probably been burned many
times with talking with some of the
other heads of departments or aides and
things like that and then finding out
that inevitably most of them are passing
things on of course don't forget that
Donald Trump is himself the biggest
leaker in the White House but outside of
that he probably wants somebody can
confide in it's possible Scott Pruett is
that person yeah yeah I think that's a
pretty
analysis and look it's again this has
been a very long and steady story with
Pruit and nothing seems to change
regardless of how crazy the you know the
reports are so remember he stayed at
this condo that was tied to a lobbyist
for $50 a night the the lobbyist didn't
even charge him for the nights he didn't
stay there and it was a condo in DC in a
prime location yeah also I'll give you a
few other examples let's go to graphic
32 Press last week about his wife's
pursuit of work since he joined the
Trump administration Pruett told the
paper quote look my wife is an
entrepreneur herself whatever okay so no
she's not she was a stay-at-home mom
which by the way wanted to own a
chick-fil-a she did so that was another
thing he got his aides to go shop around
for a chick-fil-a franchise that his
wife could own that's actually makes me
feel a little bit bad for Judicial Watch
Network because she got the job there
but her whole the whole time her heart
was with chick-fil-a like she wasn't
really doing her best work there so
there's more he faces Pruett does a
dozen federal inquiries into his
spending and management decisions at the
agency including his first-class travels
a $50 a night condo rental from a
lobbyist and the installation of a 30
I'm sorry $43,000 soundproof phone booth
in his office earlier this month as I
mentioned Pruitt did look for a
chick-fil-a franchise for his wife with
the help of his aides the aides are not
supposed to be doing that for him yeah
that is yeah and and this the experience
with Scott Pruett is the best evidence
that we have that whatever we thought
about checks and balances so long as you
have Republican control of every branch
of government the the natural rivalry
between the the executive and
legislative branch doesn't matter its
non-existent the GOP is a cult of
personality for Donald Trump they will
do nothing to rein him in we're not just
talking about sort of lapses of ethics
or something like that he has repeatedly
broken the law that it's not hyperbole
the law is incredibly specific about
what you can and cannot do in relation
to employment of friends and family
things like that we have all of the
evidence we need to know he broke the
law and so long as Republicans maintain
control of Congress
there will be no oversight whatsoever
there will be no consequences regardless
of the crime so get out of your head
that there's gonna be any oversight over
Donald Trump until we have a change in
government that's a great point which is
why the midterm elections are incredibly
important the primaries are very
important which is why t Whitey's been
doing coverage of those primaries thank
you to John for working late yesterday
and making that happen and also to
Brooke Thomas yeah she join us it was
great yeah she's fantastic so just be
aware you know political activism
doesn't necessarily mean you have to go
out there and protest and and hold signs
I love what people do but political
activism is going out there and really
exercising your right to vote and
helping to register people to vote or
running or running yourself exactly two
easy ways for young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
