young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio there is a new development in the
ongoing AT&T Time Warner merger story
and it has been okayed by the courts so
this 85 million dollar merger that folks
billion sorry eight as I say million
they used to sound like a big number
right now that's a rounding error 85
million sorry 85 billion dollar error it
is an 85 billion dollar acquisition
judge Richard Lyon okayed it without
conditions he said according to reports
on CNN which Time Warner owns Leon said
it would be manifestly unjust for the
government to ask him to put his own
ruling on hold because if it were if he
were to do so it would have the effect
of killing the deal which has a deadline
for completion of June 21st now the
Justice Department Trump's Justice
Department was against this and we'll
get into why he may or may not have been
for this later but Mackin del Rahim said
we continue to believe that the pay TV
market will be less competitive and less
innovative as a result of the proposed
merger between AT&T and Time Warner what
do you guys think of this going through
this is a complete and utter disaster
it's a complete and utter disaster for
innovation it's a complete and utter
disaster for consumers it's a complete
and utter disaster for the prices that
we will pay and the lack of options that
we will have and you know we've already
experienced what it's like to have
little to no options when it comes to
you know cable providers for instance
and this will exacerbate that problem
further absolutely I mean if they look
competition is leaving the American
marketplace so without competition they
can charge you whatever the hell they
want right where you're going to
you can't go anywhere I mean the other
thing and this is a big thing is that as
we lose a plurality of voices and
information we lose yet another chance
at a plurality of any kind if
everything's reduced to one company or
two companies or three and that's
literally what we're getting down to in
some of these big media mergers then
you're not gonna get up orality of
opinions what you're seeing on TYT may
sort of be a cry in the dark because
mainstream media is going to become so
consolidated that you're just not going
to see anything which is truly an
independent voice so you're going to see
political agendas played out this way
we've seen it with Sinclair and you're
going to see it with these other huge
institutions as they merge it's awful
for consumers because you're going to
end up paying more and there's no way to
hold them in check
these are monopolies that you know we
used to see huge legislation and we used
to see the government pointed against
these huge monopolies you saw sort of
the demonization for a time you saw an
AT&T break up they broke up AT&T once
because it got to be too big in a
monopoly there's a reason for that
it goes against the competitive
marketplace which is supposedly what
capitalism and America is all about
and all the reasons that you just
mentioned happened to be the reasons
listed by the Justice Department in an
effort to prevent this merger from
happening in the first place
I mean very rarely do we see something
coming from the Justice Department in
this day and age that's accurate and
actually fights for the American people
now whatever influence them behind the
scenes that's another question but I
don't care they were actually right on
this issue right Trump I can see you
sighing so if Donald Trump was against
this merger but here's the reason that
he gave he said as an example of the
power structure I'm fighting AT&T is
buying Time Warner and thus CNN and
since he hates CNN so much he says this
is a deal we will not approve in my
administration because it's too much
concentration in the power of hands are
too few meanwhile everything he's done
pretty much as a president has
consolidated power into the hands of too
few so that's the only genuine thing he
voiced in that statement was that he
hates
I never think about now to put this in a
larger context of what's happening in
the telecommunications industry this
last week has been like the penultimate
episode of a Game of Thrones series
things have been moving slowly in these
two worlds on the one hand you have this
AT&T time I would say tamped Time Warner
AT&T merger as mad at year I had a
program point out they should form a new
company called TWA T T as a great joke
deserves a huge hat to have time at
actually a good job good job
and and and so they are going to merge
and they're forming its giant company
and there was a deadline looming to take
back King's Landing and that was June
21st then yesterday you may not have
noticed but net neutrality just got
abolished that's right the same damn
week so all the protections that were
put in place to keep you from getting
fast lanes put on the Internet
due to these weird restrictions put on
by a very few very small number of
telecom companies now there's one less
telecom company that's right it's all
gone and it all happened this week so
you we are now living in a world where
corporations control content and
messaging increasingly control the
content and messaging it's happening
with the internet it's happening with
you know programming for television for
cable news for instance this is going to
be much more damaging than I think most
people realize and we're supposed to
have antitrust laws that protect us the
consumers from this type of behavior so
not only will messaging be controlled by
corporate interests keep in mind that we
will be paying a lot more for services
including the internet including
television it's it's not gonna be easy
to deal with and it all happened also it
went unjust the democracy side of things
on in the same week that voters rights
are being challenged in Ohio and when
voters are being removed from the
Registry's because they haven't been
active in the last six years I mean this
is I think it's undemocratic its
unamerican and and I believe that this
merger is undemocratic on American I'm
not just overstating it and being
dramatic I mean it really is it's going
to reduce the plurality of opinions that
you're going to see as I said and then
you're so right it's just a
consolidation that goes against what
we've been what we've this this this
this country's represented a kind of
fight against this sort of thing for
many many years you know the competition
is sort of I think been at the core of
this country's values and I can't now
just you see one more as we get further
from shore you see more one more thing
that that gets away from us and just one
final thing I want to add what happened
to the free market right this is not
free market economics anytime there's
any mention about watered down
regulation getting implemented for
corporations you hear people on the
right lose their minds about how this
destroys the free market you know
monopolies destroy the free market and
that's exactly what's happening with
these telecommunications companies two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
