if you watch the NBA Finals last week
you saw a pretty sorry display now from
the Cavs who got swept in four games but
from three companies Wells Fargo
Facebook and uber now most of us know
they've had their fair share of scandal
over the last year so new trouble for
Facebook this morning a political
consulting firm with ties to the Trump
campaign Cambridge analytic accessing
personal information for up to 50
million Facebook users here in the
United States two million fake accounts
that secretly created fifty three
hundred employees fired
Wells Fargo find a hundred eighty five
million dollars in February the company
coming under fire after a former
employee and female software engineer
posted a blog accusing the
Transportation giant of turning a blind
eye to sexual harassment okay so we had
Facebook with its data misuse and fake
news uber with its toxic work
environment and Wells Fargo with its
oh yeah straight-up fraud and in the
wake of these scandals uber fired its
CEO Wells Fargo faced huge fines and
Facebook said Mark Zuckerberg on a
cringe-worthy apology tour to Congress
which quite honestly it was more
punishment for us than for him but
apparently that was not enough because
each of these companies paid a ton of
cash to run apology ads during the
wondering where the biggest sporting
events in the country
all right so we'll start with my
personal favorite Wells Fargo we know
the value of trust we were built on it
back when the country went west for gold
we were the ones who carried it back
east we always found the way
until we lost it but that isn't where
the story ends it's where it starts
again with a complete recommitment to
you all right there's a lot to unpack
there first I love the part where they
say when the country went west for gold
we brought it back east guys if you want
to earn back trust
don't mention how you used to take gold
from people also stop without the
Cowboys it's 2018 your company execs
aren't rustling cattle they're a bunch
of Wall Street d-bags who order bottle
service so girls will talk to them Wells
Fargo is not alone
Facebook's apology ad does the same
exact thing they remind you of the good
old days
then vaguely acknowledge that hey yes
there were some rough spots and bring it
home by promising a new future we came
here for the friends we got to know the
Friends of her friends and just like
that it felt a little less alone but
then something happened we need to deal
with spam clickbait fake news and data
misuse that's going to change it's the
same damn commercial they didn't just
steal from MySpace and the winklevosses
they stole their ad from Wells Fargo I
mean yes there are some differences
Facebook ditches The Black Keys and
Cowboys for wistful piano music in a
voice that's a dead ringer for a lead
guy from Silicon Valley as if to say
forgive me for jeopardizing democracy
I'm just so delightfully awkward
Uber's got pretty much the same music
but they turn the focus to their new CEO
in his super power listening I'm Derrick
Oscar Shahi goobers new CEO since
joining nine months ago my priority has
been to listen to you into cities and
communities and to my own employees
moving forward
it's time to move in a new direction
moving forward it's time to move in a
new direction what does that even mean
nothing it's these kind of vague non
apologies that make these apology ads so
frustrating
did you catch Facebook's careful wording
if not here it is again but then
something happened we had to deal with
spam clickbait fake news and data misuse
something happened yeah you gave our
information to random corporations
without our knowledge and did terrible
things with it the ad says we had to
deal with fake news and data misuse
who's we me I had to deal with those
things because you allowed it to happen
how about just being honest and saying
we prioritize monetizing your
information over your own personal
interest maybe that's what the sad
emojis are trying to say Wells Fargo
kind of mentions kind of mentions what
the company did wrong
fixing what went wrong making things
right and ending product sales goals for
branch bankers ending product sales
goals for branch bankers what kind of
weird insider Bank jargon is that I'd
love to have been at these meetings what
do we call it we can't say fraud because
that doesn't test well let's go with
product sales goals and add another
horse and the most pathetic part about
these apology ads is how they promise
it'll be different than next time using
the exact same words you've heard from
guys who've cheated on you from now on
you've got my word that's going to
change
we're holding ourselves accountable and
if there are times when we fall short we
commit to being open taking
responsibility for the problem and
fixing it I just I can't handle it yeah
we cheated are we gonna cheat again yeah
probably but isn't the fact that I'm
acknowledging that I've cheated actually
better than me not having cheated in the
first place but just like a cheating
partner they give you the same BS reason
to come back
your trust is our greatest priority no
it's not our money is your priority and
you need our trust so you can get our
money and you're not going to change
last month Wells Fargo was hit with a
one hundred million dollar fine for
screwing its employees five days ago a
judge had to tell Ober it can't force
ambiguous private arbitration policies
on a lady in a wheelchair and four days
ago TechCrunch reported that Facebook
accidentally accidentally just made 14
million people's facebook statuses
automatically public I just wish they'd
be honest when they spend a million
dollars per minute to run ads during the
NBA Finals you know like this hey it's
us Facebook Wells Fargo and uber
remember how you liked us before we
screwed you over I mean before you found
out we screwed you over yeah ever since
then it's been really hard for us and
even though we were penalized millions
nay billions of dollars we aren't done
with our apology tour
not because we're sorry but because we
still like your money as much as we did
before and we want it back and we're
spending millions of dollars on
commercials during the NBA Finals
because we thought if it went US LeBron
on us Kevin Durant us a pregnant lady
your uncle our CEO close-ups beautiful
diverse actors than beer that maybe just
maybe you'd end up liking us as much as
you like those other things like some
weird corporate Ludovico technique no
you don't know what a Ludovico technique
is never mind it's nothing but please
don't close your eyes during this Wells
Fargo and Facebook like us even a
fraction of how much we like your money
we apologize for the extreme close-ups
of Mark Zuckerberg face
