this is Marco Antonio Munez a Honduran
man who traveled thousands of miles to
the US to legally seek asylum and was
quickly arrested by Isis soon after
Munez and his family were taken into
custody they arrived at a processing
station where Border Patrol agents
separated the family and put Marco in
solitary confinement Marco ended up
taking his own life if that's not enough
to horrify you this past week in McAllen
public defender also mentioned that some
border agents are taking away children
by lying to their parents that they're
taking them away briefly to bathe them
does that seem familiar to you
he's at this point the parallels between
Isis and the Gestapo extend beyond mere
symbolism and you literally have to be
Helen Keller to not see all the
similarities I'm also beginning to
understand how the Nazis could
functionally justify the existence of a
transparently Reyes's organization like
the Gestapo not just from an ideological
perspective but from a utility centric
one first off
despite this administration's claims of
utility terrifying people of color is
exactly what Isis for after all
illegally crossing the border is a
misdemeanor and yet no other misdemeanor
is ever met with such cruel and unusual
punishment you don't rip awake children
from their parents who shoplift or
trespass just like no other criminal
group experiences this unique level of
dehumanization they're rapists
these are animals and the Trump
administration has quadrupled down on
this fear-mongering using myths and
unsubstantiated claims to depict ice as
a vital tool for protecting the United
States claims such as they're taking
your jobs and you better be careful even
though we're 3.8 percent unemployment
just announced and another all-time
record low which doesn't make sense with
increasing immigration does it or just
another straight-up lie surrounding
immigration and welfare like why would
you want to bring people who are
immediately dependent on welfare when
they get here even though undocumented
immigrants can't use social programs
outside of emergency rooms and they
actually pay back billions in taxes and
contribute to social security despite
never being able to collect it while
doing jobs others wouldn't also
deportations getting crueler hasn't
exactly made your life any better has it
so this is why ice is purely a
weaponization of reactionary nativist
sentiment through a government agency
that hires mallcop rejects to break up
families harass immigrants exclusively
to provide comfort for white people who
feel wronged by a brown person speaking
out of turn or because your grandpa is
worried everyone around him at his local
Ralph's is now speaking Spanish and
is happy to oblige by literally trying
to arrest people for speaking Spanish
ma'am the reason I asked you for your
ideas because I came in here and I saw
that you guys are speaking Spanish which
is very unfair or by detaining activists
or by detaining journalists or people
making pizza deliveries children with
cerebral palsy and even lying about the
gang affiliations of legal dreamers
while trying to deport them there were
16 other federal intelligence agencies
tasked with stopping crime way before
ice when it was founded 15 years ago
this is just another government
expansion program that fiscal austerity
Republicans hypocritically choose to
overlook because it gives them a sense
of security that they still maintain
some form of supremacy in this country
the functionality of ice is purely a
racist one and even if we were to detain
every undocumented person in this
country the overwhelming problems that
stem from inequity in wage exploitation
would only marginally reduce and we'd
need a new boogeyman perhaps legal
immigrants this time ones that are
speaking out of turn as well ones that
just can't seem to assimilate and this
is how I Stearns into Gestapo not
overnight but over decades I'm a sound
biker if you are aware of the truth
share this video with your friends and
leave your thoughts in the comments
section below please don't forget to
join TYT membership for more videos like
this don't forget to follow my instagram
Adesanya piker and my twitter tucson the
hunt and this has been the breakdown
