young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with the in a Turner talking about
equality and justice and seeing that
through the eyes of regular Americans
who are affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio following the g7 summit in Canada
Trump decided that he was no longer
willing to sign on to agreements or
negotiations or deals with our allies
which is a little disastrous the u.s.
earlier pulled out of a previously
agreed G Summit negotiation after
Trudeau vow to quote move forward with
retaliatory measures in response to u.s.
steel and aluminum tariffs now he said
this during a press conference and any
leader would have this response to the
United States increasing tariffs are
slapping on new tariffs on products that
are being exported to the United States
now I want you to watch a Trudeau's
press conference and then I'll give you
the childish juvenile reaction from our
president I highlight it directly to the
president that Canadians did not take it
lightly that the United States has moved
forward with significant tariffs on our
steel and aluminum industry particularly
did not take lightly the fact that it's
based on a national security reason that
for Canadians who either themselves or
whose parents or community members have
stood shoulder to shoulder with American
soldiers and far-off lands and conflicts
from the first world war onwards that
it's kind of insulting so all he said
there was this is not okay it's kind of
insulting and that set Trump off he went
on a Twitter storm I don't even want to
get into every tweet that he put out
there because it was full of lies he
made it seem as though Canada does
nothing but take advantage of us which
is not the case again Canada is our
largest trading partner we do a lot of
business with them and and starting a
trade war with them is going to hurt
manufacturers here in the United States
and farmers here in the United States
but just to give you an example of one
of trumps tweets he said the United
States will not allow other countries to
impose massive tariffs and trade
barriers on its farmers workers and
companies but that's what you're doing
there you started it you started this
and Trudeau is doing what anyone else
would do he's responding with
retaliatory measures which everyone had
warned Trump about now Trump has
surrounded himself with yes men and
among those yes men is Peter Navarro and
Peter Navarro did not enjoy that press
conference and hit back at Trudeau so
did Larry Kudlow
Larry Kudlow is one of trumps advisors
and I want to actually go to his video
first
he believes that Trudeau has stabbed
United States in the back but what did
he say that was so offensive President
Trump accused him of lying but he holds
a press conference and he said the u.s.
is insulting he said that the Canada has
to stand up for itself
he says that we are the problem with
tariffs would the the in fact rule the
non-factual part of this was they have
enormous tariffs I mean they have
tariffs on certain dairy and food
products of a two hundred ninety two
hundred ninety five percent he was
polarizing you know here's the thing I
mean he really kind of stabbed this in
the back
he really actually you know what he did
a great disservice to the whole g7 he'd
betray her dough did yes he did because
Trudeau's the one who started this whole
trade war he's the one who started with
random tariffs out of nowhere well look
Larry Kudlow wasn't the only one
Peter Navarro who is a trade advisor in
the trouble administration also hit back
at Trudeau and very aggressively take a
look there's a special place in hell for
any foreign leader that
gages in bad faith diplomacy with
President Donald J Trump and then tries
to stab him in the back on the way out
the door and that's what bad faith
Justin Trudeau did with that stunt press
conference
that's what weak dishonest Justin
Trudeau did and that comes right from
Air Force One there's a special place in
hell I'm all Trudeau said was that it
was insulting triage insulting when you
out of nowhere decide you're gonna
punish your allies and and destroy your
relationship with those comments were so
Canadian they were so polite
they were so there were so there was no
aggressive aspect hood remember I'll
remind you he's got a country that he's
leading also what are you supposed to do
stand there would ask the question what
are you gonna do now that America
there's Americans are going to be
charging more for Canadian products and
they're gonna be tariffs imposed what is
supposed to take a well you know Donald
J Trump is a great man and you know I'm
sure let's hope it all works out no he's
gonna say we're very disappointed we've
stood with the United States of America
this is a this can't standing if they
are gonna and we didn't hear this clip
but he went on to say if they're going
to do this we regret he used the word
regret that we are going to have to
impose tariffs on American products I
thought well you can't really get much
more polite than that in the face of
what is clearly an aggressive economic
tactic
I mean retaliatory has a very clear
definition there's that and then also I
mean he said he can't hurt my feelings a
little bit basically essentially and
they've kicked that man's teacher soul
out of heaven it's like this is bizarre
that is a weakness in the Trump
administration this is Game of Thrones
right if you are polite if you are
professional if you show any I don't
know humanity in your response they will
attack and that's exactly what happened
here right all the place in hell for him
exactly Trump referred to him as weak
and meek and and so the professionalism
and the leadership that you saw from
Trudeau there is something that again
the Trump administration sees as a
weakness to capitalize on and by the way
Trudeau has not respond
to Navarro but he went even further in
his interview with Fox News I want to
show you the second video take a look to
my friends in Canada that was one of the
worst political miscalculations of a
Canadian leader in modern Canadian
history all Justin Trudeau had to do was
take the win President Trump did the
courtesy to Justin Trudeau to travel up
to Quebec for that summit he had other
things bigger things on his plate in
Singapore where you are now Chris he did
him a favor and he was even willing to
sign that socialist communique and what
did Trudeau didn't do as soon as soon as
the plane took off from Canadian
airspace Trudeau stuck our president in
the back that will not stand let's be
absolutely clear about that also you
want to talk about political
miscalculations I would say a political
miscalculation is slapping tariffs on
aluminum and steel that will negatively
impact manufacturers here in the United
States like that is a political
miscalculation unfortunately people
don't and when I say people I
specifically mean his base they don't
realize it yet some of the farmers do
interestingly enough because already
these these tariffs that other countries
have slapped on US products are directly
impacting the farmers but I mean come on
it's just lie after lie
then look it's terrifying for me it's
terrifying to see these Trump cronies
just support anything and everything he
does and act as if he's some sort of
King that they could never criticize and
they can never look at the situation
objectively III think they they do want
that image of him as a king certainly he
wants it and I and I'm chuckle because
it's so absurd I mean you know when
Navarro says you know Trudeau should
have just it was so easy for him he
should have just taken the win taking
the win it was already you are who's
already not gonna be a thing and how do
you sit there and say the president had
better things to do than this little g7
summit like essentially like what he
mentioned the summit
with kim jeong-hoon in singapore but
Trump himself said repeatedly after
being asked by reporters that he's not
preparing for this meeting with kim
jeong-hoon because it's all about
attitude and that you know he could just
sense you know it's what he does it's
it's his thing he could just sense
whether or not someone's being serious
about making a deal you're not preparing
for anything you're not doing anything
important you spend all your time on
Twitter and you spend all your time
watching Fox News like it's so
aggressive something to say the least to
the allies that have worked with us for
a very long time and have stood by us in
in tragic times including 9/11 yeah this
this also is a situation where I think
Donald Trump doesn't want to share the
stage and they limelight with six other
leaders all of whom don't don't like him
right now or are certainly not crazy
about his policies they might even go to
personal animus but they definitely
don't like what's going on in the US
visa Vee what this president's doing so
he won't he arrived late
he even arrived late he arrived late for
the whole thing then he arrived late for
the first session it was already
underway so everybody's talking to men
Donald Trump shows up and then he left
earlier yeah way early so I think he's
the whole situation again he had to
share the spotlight and he was with a
bunch of people who are not crazy about
him it's so sad that we're in this space
with the president where we eat these
are even feasible arguments when he is
against something that he's not giving
the attention that that we can say that
about the leader of our country and it
sounds plausible do you know what I mean
do you just know that's not what you
expected a leader you expect a look I'm
probably all these leaders have healthy
egos but we have a guy who is just
completely self-absorbed he's one
dimensionally obsessed with himself and
he's full of vanity and all those other
things that are superficial and that
only relate to his vision of everything
yeah I mean you're gonna be full of it
just I don't think you should drive you
too easy wasteful Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our video
