good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis in commentary
President Trump is the first US
president in history to hold direct
face-to-face talks with a North Korean
leader at stake a nuclear arsenal
capable of reaching vital US allies and
potentially the United States itself and
Arsenal in the hands of a national
leader who wields total control uses
violent rhetoric to threaten his enemies
carries out cyberattacks and commits
human rights abuses his arsenal is
believed to consist of 60 bombs with
North Korea capable of producing six
more every year
Kim's government also claims to produce
a hydrogen bomb the country has
intercontinental ballistic missiles
capable of reaching North America
whether Kim can build nuclear weapons
small enough to launch atop his missiles
remains a subject of debate
those who think he cannot are debating
Winnie will the United States has
anti-missile systems to intercept and
take out such missiles midair Japan and
South Korea have similar systems how
well any of them work is also up for
debate kim jeong-hoon
represents the third generation of his
family to run North Korea the Kim
dynasty has spent billions of dollars to
achieve membership in the club of
nuclear nations a club that has so far
enjoyed immunity from the fates that
befell non-members such as Muammar
Qaddafi and Saddam Hussein three u.s.
presidents of both parties have tried
for two decades to push or persuade the
Kim's off the path to nuclear weaponry
all of them failed China
Kim's closest ally failed South Korea
also failed and while the United States
sees North Korea as the threat to the
almost 30,000 American troops still
stationed in South Korea Kim curious
those troops as the threat to him this
was always stubborn not that is defied
global efforts at resolution for decades
boiled down to two men in a room
face-to-face deciding second-by-second
what the other one wants what he means
whether he's honest all of which makes
precise words and precise meanings of
utmost importance because reducing terms
and definitions to their simplest form
makes it hard to determine what you're
really talking about and therefore
whether you're serious if you ask for
instance will you denuclearize and Kim
says yes what does that mean
destroy existing nuclear weapons only
those people who have launched in
construction of new ones in civilian
nuclear enrichment when for how long
without mastering the details you cannot
know what the other is even talking
about let alone whether he means it
despite this complexity despite these
stakes despite the privilege and
responsibility of representing the
United States in these talks
president Trump headed for Singapore
saying quote I don't think I have to
affair very much it's about attitude
unquote where other world leaders have
failed mr. Trump said he could tell
Kim's intentions in seconds good
question how long thank I think within
the first minute I'll know I just my
touch my feel that's what that's what I
do how long will it take to figure out
whether or not they're serious I said
maybe in the first minute you know the
way they say that you know if you're
gonna like somebody in the first five
seconds you ever hear that one well I
think that very quickly I'll know
whether or not something good is going
to happen I also think I'll know whether
or not
it will happen fast may not but I think
I'll know pretty quickly whether or not
in my opinion something positive will
happen and if I think it won't happen
I'm not gonna waste my time I don't want
to waste this time of course the point
of talks like this has not just engaged
the other's intentions
the point is mostly to change their
intentions by discerning what they want
and don't want and then creating
trade-offs that maximize what each side
gets no one should be surprised if
President Trump redefined success to
cover whatever comes out of his summit
but consciously or not President Trump
has set this up to be a failure
observing himself in advance by
rejecting the notion that he had work to
do working not only failed to do but
seems incapable of doing if that moves
the world closer to war that failure
will be on him President Trump arrived
in Singapore for the North Korea talks
after leaving early from the summit in
Canada of the g7 industrialized nations
on Sunday top White House economic
adviser Larry Kudlow said that President
Trump was refusing to sign the joint
statement from the g7 because of North
Korea Canadian Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau it turned out had pushed back on
u.s. tariffs and that would make the
u.s. look weak coming to the table with
North Korea POTUS is not gonna let a
Canadian Prime Minister push him around
push him told us around president trunk
that's on the eve of this he is not
gonna permit any show of weakness on the
on the trip to negotiate with North
Korea nor should he this was about North
Korea of course it was in large part now
let's think about it for just a moment
considering that the president had said
he did not need to prepare for the North
Korea talks because he could tell Kim
Jong Young's intentions in five seconds
it's not clear why a show of us weakness
would matter and mister Kudlow did not
expect he didn't explain how it
strengthened mr. Trump's bargaining
position to alienate the United States
from his closest allies mister Kudlow
also did not explain how it strengthened
mr. Trump's bargaining position to blow
up the bargain he had just agreed to at
the talks he had just arrived from but
while many observers noted in a widely
seen photograph from the g7 the distance
between the US and his allies another
less same picture told a more important
story because the g7 summit was about
something important matters that concern
us all not just tariffs and trade but
oceans and air energy and equality
gender equality in particular was one
area where the world's leading nations
reached consensus or thought they had
the photo was seeing on this issue shows
President Trump and a meeting on gender
equality along with Angela Merkel of
Germany hidden there behind IMF Director
Christine Lagarde along with NATO
comandante Christine Whitecross and one
of a young Emma of oak film
International the women are sitting
because the session was already underway
President Trump is standing because he's
just arriving late an effective way of
expressing your intentions in less than
five seconds so how does Russia
Faber and factor into the divisions of
the GN well at g7 meetings online and
I'll talk about it with you next
I see what we all say the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries
why be a Democrat at all and we're in
the time where it's cannot in good
conscience sit on the sidelines of
history president Trump's decision to
break with America's allies on trade and
other issues came one day after his
Director of National Intelligence warned
that Russia wants to divide the West
Vladimir Putin has said he wants Europe
united and prosperous because Russia
sells so much oil and other products to
Europe but no nation wants it top
customers to United especially not a
nation with both regional ambitions and
the military muscle to achieve them if
the opposition stands in disarray the
director of US National Intelligence dan
coates referred to Russia's aggression
alleged assassination attempts and
efforts to influence voters in other
nations he said quote these Russian
actions are personal and premeditated
and they represent an all-out assault by
vadoma Putin on the rule of law Western
ideals and democratic norms unquote the
following day President Trump called for
letting Russia rejoin the g7 top
industrial nations but mr. Coates had
another warning on Friday he warned that
Russia is trying to meddle again with
America's elections this time the 2018
midterm elections now five months away
states must protect the integrity of the
vote returning to paper ballots if
that's what's called for but we as
Americans must preserve the integrity of
our vote as well because the greatest
danger is not that Russia might alter
our votes once cast is that Russia
anyone without our best interests at
heart
might alter how we think about our vote
they want to influence our thinking
here are seven things we can do to
inoculate ourselves against attempts to
influence our vote undermine democracy
or divide our country number one be
skeptical remember someone out there is
writing things they want and they know
that you want to be true that's one of
the keys they write things that they
know you want to be true so be skeptical
number two do the work if you believe
something enough to tell others to read
it first make sure it's true if you
don't know how to check it out
keep it to yourself number three ignore
the shiny object it's fun to debate what
President Trump really thinks who people
really are what will happen or why but
some people don't have that luxury and
they need your help now
so step up number four
focus on what matters legislation is
being written in Congress or dictated
right now
judges are taking the bench real lives
are at stake if you care about the
symbolism of disinviting sports teams to
the White House care even more about the
real effects of what it symbolizes
number five reject division assume good
faith into a proven otherwise number six
reach out yes reject evil argue with bad
ideas but reach out to those in their
sway the news is full of stories of
people who saw the light and stepped
away from eight the walls we build to
keep out hatred must leave a path for
people to escape it and finally know
your history we have been in bad times
before we have in the past survived
these convulsions of division and fear
we've done it by rejecting division and
fear will do so again
if you want to know what issues we
really should be focused on issues that
your favorite news outlet might not have
mentioned consider this the Justice
Department the United States has told
Congress now that it is joining 20
states that oppose Obamacare the
Affordable Care Act specifically
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said that
the Justice Department will not only
stop defending Obamacare in court the
administration will now ask the courts
to live insurance companies deny
coverage to sick people charge other six
people higher premiums based on their
health and charge more to old people and
women whose health needs are more
expensive and as of January 1st 2019 the
administration will longer require
everyone to have insurance that means a
lot of people will drop it which means
insurance companies who try to make up
the difference elsewhere with higher
premiums for everyone sick or healthy
insurance companies are right now
calculating rates for 2019 and this news
is a blast of rocket fuel on the
dumpster fire we call health insurance
in this country how many people are we
talking about writing for the LA Times
Michael Hiltzik reports that the number
of people with conditions that could
have led them to be denied coverage or
pay exorbitant amounts for it before
Obamacare was 133 million people this is
what a real crisis looks like folks
arguing over stupid tweets belongs
light-years back in the rearview mirror
as America's sick and old and needy
rocket towards a black hole that will
mean literal life or death for far too
many and the return of medical
bankruptcy for millions of people
this fight is not over yet three lawyers
inside the Justice Department reportedly
withdrew from the case apparently to
protest this decision by sessions and
the president that will do predictable
avoidable harm to so many of America's
most vulnerable now however the fate of
those 133 million lies in the hands of
16 states and the District of Columbia
who are battling in court to defend the
law it lies in their hands and in ours
it's now June the new policies are set
to take place in January smack in the
middle comes November and with it
Election Day remember we're talking
about 133 million people that's 4
million more than the number of people
who voted for Donald Trump and Hillary
Clinton combined next I want to tell you
how American officials are separating
asylum seekers from their children at
the border I'll do it after first please
these messages
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be Kepler always something
happening takes to crown the best sales
force out there is Merrill Lynch and now
it goes to being a it's pretty amazing
we're going to see a stabilization and
just a tremendous snapback the Occupy
Wall Street movement is not it's not a
spontaneous protest against economic
inequality this is what we mean by the
establishment press it is well thought
out a well thought out campaign to bring
down the infrastructure structure of
this country the embarrassment is that
I'm giving credibility in this world
because of the disappointment that the
public has and what the news media does
I perform a chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them is to do everything that we
can without going to war so here's to
say to your critics don't talk about
democratic critics who say you know what
your is really just the socialist
passivity
I very rarely read in any coverage of
Bernie that he's a socialist Bernie
Sanders is a socialist for God's sake
most analysts are saying that Hillary
Clinton's gonna win in a landslide I
continue to believe mr. Trump will not
be President got Trump at 279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight that
imagine leaving your home because
criminal gangs want to recruit your
children traveling hundreds of miles to
seek asylum in the land of the free
an American meet you at the border and
takes you to a makeshift shelter feed
you takes your kids to go clean up take
a bath you fill out some paperwork tell
your story hours later you realize your
kids haven't come back then another
American tells you they're not coming
back they're gone and there be sent to
live with another family or housed at
another facility that scenario emerged
from multiple reports this weekend from
public defenders observers academics
talking to asylum seekers America is not
just splitting up families but lying to
the parents to do so exploiting their
trust between their trusts denying her
parents a chance to appeal to explain to
say goodbye all in the name of fighting
crime preventing terrorism
beware teacher said lest he who fights
monsters in so doing becomes a monster
we have tortured in the name fighting
terrorism we've invaded countries in the
name of preventing terrorism and now
betray those who come to us seeking aid
and succor just today Attorney General
Jeff Sessions decided that domestic
violence victims and victims of gang
violence will no longer qualify for
asylum 9/11 gave a prize to will pounded
fears fears which as it turned out
panicked us and yes in some ways
terrorized us into horrific mistakes
history's judgment of our reaction grows
less kind every year and when history
turns its gaze to this present day it
will see us too moving toward
monstrosity the difference this time
is that there is no threat no crime wave
no terror plot we know of this time the
monster rearing his head is us but
America is not just American immigration
officials and their private contractors
America too is American public defenders
academics observers and journalists
telling these stories America's
politicians and protesters taking a
stand it is everyday citizens donating
money volunteering doing what they can
they are not letting fear drive them
because the land of the free can choose
to be a monster but the home of the
brave never will my thoughts on Donald
Trump and kim jeong-hoon coming up next
I know what you're thinking I love how
you like you like lip you do something
with your lips when you play the sound
close and I'm like is he is he like lip
synching it I don't know I never noticed
it until you said it's a funny habit
it's not human intelligence human look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that a person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're the time where it's cannot in good
conscience sit on the sidelines of
history in 2017 finally tonight as
President Trump goes through his meeting
or meetings with the North Korean leader
two thoughts come to mind one is that
our president has at his side advising
him not the best most experienced
American experts on Asia instead he has
a recently appointed Secretary of State
who is by all appearances woefully
unknowledgeable and inexperienced about
Asia and a coterie of others who are not
America's best the other thought is the
importance that Kim Jong hyung of saving
face roughly the importance of optics
and how he is made to appear in the
opinion of others on this score
Kim is already a big winner at Lee says
he sees it and as much of the world sees
it
Kim has forced the most powerful man in
the world to sit down and negotiate with
him now it is up to mr. Trump to emerge
with at least the appearance of also
being a quote winner for both leaders
for the moment the details of whatever
long-range agreement is or is not
reached are less important than the
optics and saving face
it's a strange time we're living through
in this country an unprecedent one
there's never been anything like it in
our history our president praises and
court arrivals and in some cases our
sworn enemies at the same time he
criticizes sometimes outright insults
our longtime friends and allies at least
on the surface the appearance is that of
an effort to weaken the Western alliance
if not downright dismantle it while
strengthening opposing powers such as
Russia and China with Western led
institutions such as NATO and the g7 mr.
Trump has been a kind of one-man
wrecking crew
he gives the back of his hand at worst
to friends neighbors and allies such as
Canada Canada and Mexico while making
nice and promoting the interest of
Russia China and North Korea he prides
himself in not reading not preparing but
instead always quote winging it that is
sort of making it up as he goes along
raising the question of whether this is
any way to conduct foreign policy or for
that matter any policy it's a one-man
show with him out there on a smile a
shoeshine and a loud time representing
this our land of the pilgrims pride land
where our fathers died now the greatest
combined economic and military power the
world has ever known all of which may
lead millions of Americans to mutter
some version of god help us but it is
what it is and we have to deal with it
who knows maybe maybe we'll turn it all
right let us hope and if you're so
inclined pray for us
within I'll leave you for this news
cycle the young turks is next and we'll
be back with the news at this same place
in time 5:30 Eastern every Monday until
then dan Rather reporting stay steady
alright one of the Young Turks special
election day coverage dropping an
amazing power this battle will talk
about power like a smart Destiny's Child
we're all too strong we start a
revolution yes another one aren't you
excited
Wow some of the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
roll quickly discount Harry Potter
fanfiction we have elected the top
Twitter troll in the country what land
me away from Christianity was judgment
and condemnation assaulting peaceful
protesters in North Dakota crazier than
bomb in Yemen
crazier than bombing Syria so much they
ran out of bombs reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these amateur
experts HBO if we don't kill our
journalists and they do
hey what's up and I want to do a YouTube
live clip but not live go
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back him during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's you cannot
in good conscience sit on the sidelines
of history
you
