young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcast of some of your favorite
shows and new shows including one with
Nina Turner former Ohio State Senator
she's gonna do we the people with Nina
Turner talking about equality and
justice and seeing that through the eyes
of regular Americans who are affected by
politics and policy everybody check it
out at TYT dot-com / audio there's some
indication that Donald Trump would
support efforts to legalize marijuana on
a federal level now Trump said according
to the Los Angeles Times he likely will
support a congressional effort to end
the federal ban on marijuana Trump's
remarks put him sharply at odds with
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the
issue which is why I think he is
actually considering supporting these
efforts he is not happy with Jeff
Sessions he thinks that it's Jeff
Sessions fault that he's facing an
investigation for obstruction of justice
even though Trump himself is the person
who has made it clear that he's
attempting to obstruct justice both in
his tweets and in an interview with
Lester Holt but nonetheless he wants to
support a senator who's been fighting to
legalize marijuana on a federal level
senator Cory Gardner who's a Republican
from Colorado he got that sweet tax
money from legalized marijuana and he
wants to protect it get your greens
somehow yeah and so Trump says I support
senator Gardner I know exactly what he's
doing we're looking at it but I probably
will end up supporting that yes look we
never know what he's gonna do he changes
his mind on any given day depending on
which fox news segment he's watched or
the last person he spoke to but just
quickly we're running out of time but I
wanted to hear what you guys think yeah
I know you go I smell a rat yeah yeah of
course it's trumpet which I smell around
the idea being that you know he's going
to he's he's basically legalizing it
invites inviting big corporations to get
involved which will then lower the price
of marijuana and put a bunch of people
out of business so that's the bigger
picture here and I think it's going to
is going to be devastating yeah but
mom-and-pop type marijuana distribution
since it's a point yes I don't believe
anything he says I just remember we
remember his stand on abortion back
forth
Kamio or his stand on protecting people
from getting dropped from insurance
companies for pre-existing conditions
looks like we're not gonna have those
protections anymore if Republicans have
their way so yeah I mean I I also do not
know what's gonna happen with this it
seems pretty clear that he knows that
Jeff Sessions is the biggest anti
marijuana person of them all and I do
see the the corporatist approach will be
that one that wins out if something can
win out and it's sad that you have to
kind of convince be like by the way a
bunch of your crony friends can make
money with sweeter inside damn some weed
now yeah that's crazy great waste of all
the Young Turks one is ringing the bell
on YouTube the other is to get our new
app TYT plus at the app store
let's go do it now
