young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio Donald Trump's conspiracy theories
are now determining US policy in a
number of different areas ranging from
climate change to asbestos in his 1997
book the art of the comeback Trump
argued that the association of the
chemical with health risks was part of a
mob created conspiracy he said I believe
that the movement against asbestos was
led by the mob because it was often mob
related companies that would do the
asbestos removal great pressure was put
on politicians and as usual the
politicians relented he by the way has
also said that it is a 100% safe
asbestos you shouldn't worry about it
and so that was just his belief though
what do we care about that well now we
know that the EPA is not going to
consider the health risks and impact of
asbestos already in the environment when
evaluating the dangers associated with
the chemical compound according to scott
pruett that was announced last week just
revealed a day or two ago that means
asbestos used in tiles piping and
adhesives throughout homes and
businesses in the United States will
remain largely unchecked and unaccounted
for which again you don't have to worry
about because it is 100% safe as Trump
said which will be news to the nearly
15,000 Americans who die each year from
asbestos related diseases and because
he's a chemist
he's the chemist as well any amateur
chemist that's right yeah so well is it
safe I would like to use a bestest you
know written materials in any dwelling
that Trump ever exists in why don't we
you know change the piping and the tile
it's just some renovation you should
know how he likes the taste this is so
we knew at least at the young turks we
knew that the Trump administration would
be terrible but it's kind of amazing how
many things come up that we didn't even
see coming like
haribol you know just terrible actions
by the EPA that we didn't even consider
like asbestos is it's just it's been
widely known for a while now to cause
serious health issues respiratory issues
which is why you know you you see those
commercials on every television show you
know featuring lawyers who wanna do
business or help people who have
suffered from this and to know that
we're gonna go back in time on this
issue something this ridiculous is is
devastating and it's gonna continue
happening things that you least expect
are gonna now you know lack oversight by
the EPA the very government organization
that's supposed to protect us right and
also the fact that these people these
15,000 Americans that the die each year
from asbestos related poisoning are
probably Republicans and Democrats they
this this is not the this is this is not
something that just applies to one group
of the voter base I mean this is
something that applies to to whoever has
been contaminated and he isn't a chemist
and Scott Pruett who is still trying to
well spent a hundred twenty thousand
dollars of our money to go to Italy and
like camp out at the Vatican right you
know shouldn't be the person first of
all running the EPA but also not
protecting us forget not protecting the
EPA which he doesn't do very well but
but not protecting all kinds of
Americans well this is the same EPA that
says the clean air and water act right
now the Clean Air Act and the Clean
Water Act are fine
have you seen Flint Michigan I don't
know they still don't have clean water
there have you seen what's happening in
Chicago where they found lead in the
water and let is just the beginning of
what's wrong with our water and our air
I mean the respiratory problems from
asbestos aren't the only respite I can't
say the word can you help me that's the
effect of asbestos on your body yeah
yeah respiratory yeah and and it is
going to get worse thanks to this to put
it in perspective by the way 15,000
Americans that die every year that is a
roughly five 911s every single year hell
it's even three hurricane Maria's in
Puerto Rico every single year so we're
just gonna allow that to continue we're
not gonna do anything about
because we don't want the mob to benefit
too much I hope that this isn't just his
his conspiratorial thinking that he gets
an idea in his head and he doesn't
actually look for data in regard to it I
hope that it is simply that he built
shoddy real estate and he didn't want to
do what is necessary to clean up don't
trust a real estate guy something that's
all up in there real estate but look
Linda Weinstein who lost her husband to
this this chemical is head of the
president the asbestos disease awareness
organization and responded to this news
saying if you don't evaluate the
dangerous legacy of asbestos you don't
know how much contamination still exists
in the United States we know it's in our
homes schools workplace and environment
but the average American can't identify
and evaluate the risk we've taken risk
evaluation off the table and I will say
this we have been covering constantly
the environmental regulations that have
been being reversed under Donald Trump
and that might sound bad but there is a
silver lining
because I had not actually known how
many good moves Obama made on the
environment they've all been reversed
now but he apparently actually did quite
a bit throughout the course as
presidency he did he was terrible at
taking credit for those things or at
least again it goes back to the failure
of democratic messaging right where when
they're actually right on something or
when they actually accomplish something
they somehow allow Republicans to take
control of the narrative and dictate
whether or not it's a good thing or bad
you of course when Democrats accomplish
something Republicans will market it as
something that's terrible and Democrats
so fight back so you're right there
there were so many environmental
policies under the Obama administration
that I was completely unaware of and he
never talked about those things it was
by design because he was afraid to be
called anti industry and anti-capitalist
so he did everything that he did that
was really good was usually behind the
scenes because it's the Democratic Party
operates out of fear oftentimes and
that's what's unfortunate about what he
did because if he was more public about
it and controlled the messaging like Ana
just said a majority of the American
people don't want asbestos in their air
and they want the environment to be
clean they want to
be able to turn on their tap and know
that the water that's coming out is
healthy for them so if he was able to
control that then then Trump wouldn't be
able to so easily do what he's doing now
and wouldn't put such an awful
individual the worst cabinet number like
Scott probably in the EPA
I wonder if exposure to asbestos counts
as a pre-existing condition that I love
that you mentioned that because
everything you know comes together you
know they're gutting the Affordable Care
Act they're you know you have twenty
republican-led states that are fighting
tooth and nail to do away with
protections that would prevent insurance
companies from dropping you from their
programs or their coverage so I have an
example though of those protections that
are being taken away and actually
another one of the moves that Obama made
that I had not actually known about this
is the process of being immersed under a
law passed by Congress during the final
year of the Obama administration the EPA
was required for the first time to
evaluate hundreds of potentially toxic
chemicals and determine if they should
face new restrictions or even be removed
from the market
that was the plan as it moves forward
reviewing the first batch of ten
chemicals the EPA has in most cases
decided to exclude from its calculations
any potential exposure caused by the
substances presence in the air the
ground or the water I mean how would a
chemical get into any of those the
agency will focus on possible harm
caused by direct contact with a chemical
in the workplace or elsewhere so let's
give you an example of one of those
under the approach the EPA will examine
what harm can be caused to anyone
directly exposed to perchloroethylene a
dry cleaning solvent and metal degreaser
designated by the EPA as a likely
carcinogen during manufacturing or when
using in dry cleaning carpet cleaning or
handling certain ink removal products
but the agency will not focus on
exposures that occur from traces of the
chemical found in drinking water in 44
states as a result of improper disposal
over decades which is certainly nice if
you produce that chemical or if you
might have to foot the bill for removal
of it or filtering of it from our water
supply so look it's not to say that
they're not going to protect you from
the harmful effects of chemicals so long
as like in the beginning of a Batman
movie you fall over a railing into a big
vat of it they will protect you from
that sort of contact that you're not the
Joker would be covered but if there are
chemicals in our water which we know
there are any number of them BPA is not
concerned about that and that just again
pushes the problem of bad health of bad
environmental practices into the future
this is it it won't change the impact of
asbestos it's not going to change the
impact of people with pre-existing
conditions who might have been exposed
to asbestos or whatever the combinations
are of coming into the system it
increases the cost in the future that
that cost could could happen under Trump
it could happen under another Republican
administration it could happen under
Democratic administration so though
perhaps things weren't touted sort of
under Obama that might have actually
been helpful like the Paris Accord more
so you know there is opportunity right
now to talk about this because again it
is a bipartisan issue in terms of the
voter and and just to show how far we've
come or how much we've regressed the
Republican Party the the asbestos was
proposed to be banned under a Republican
president in 1989 and now they're saying
go ahead you don't care about those
health effects the Republican president
the EPA was a Richard Nixon creation and
now we have someone that's the head of
the EPA who's working to dismantle it
every single day and the president who
calls it a hundred percent safe yeah
applied right yes yes the mobs not safe
but asbestos is and yeah just that again
it like I hate to you want to beat a
dead horse or a dead Trump voter but
like you thought that this was the guy
that's gonna get in there and look out
for you that the the politicians that
had been there before weren't and in
many ways they weren't but neither is he
like did you vote for him so he could go
to Washington and stop chemicals from
being taken out of our water or keep the
asbestos in your home is that what you
sent him there to do did he drain the
swamp just to found that that all that's
left now is this best as' and metal
degreaser but that's what you get so
just the reminder for the next time
around
two easy ways following Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
