this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm the EU has just
announced new tariffs in response to the
United States tariffs toward steel and
aluminium now these tariffs were
announced by the Trump administration
indicating that there would be some
pretty heavy taxes on imports of steel
and aluminum from the European Union
Mexico and also from Canada now the EU
was not happy about this neither was
Mexico or Canada and so as a result they
have retaliated the e use tariffs will
be worth about 3.3 billion dollars the
European Union's plan to impose tariffs
on roughly 3.3 billion worth of American
goods will go into effect in early July
so we might be feeling the negative
impacts of this trade war relatively
soon also keep in mind that they are
planning to heavily tax products
American products including denim orange
juice bourbon motorcycles peanut butter
motor boats and cigarettes the United
States and the European Union do a great
deal of trade trade just over 1.3
trillion dollars in goods and services
each year also if the trade dispute
continues or is not resolved by the
World Trade Organization a second batch
of American export exports worth around
4.3 billion a year could eventually be
targeted those exports would include US
sunbeds paper towels corduroy pants and
porcelain tableware it's kind of
incredible what we trade right it's kind
of incredible that it's corduroy pants
and that's the one thing on that list
that jumped out at me and the quarter
right now you're the most American thing
out there corduroy pants also also paper
towels because we're used to just
throwing things away
yeah so look this is this will have a
negative impact on it workers here in
the United States as well as consumers
and I'm gonna get into those numbers in
just a minute but I want to open this up
to you guys and you know tell me what
you think about this are there
situations in which tariffs make sense I
mean in this case it seems as though
Trump went at it in a very
unsophisticated undo on snot
well-thought-out way well that's not
like him right yeah this is sort of
ham-fisted it was it's it's weird you
you you can see tariffs and usually you
don't find it between allies and nations
that generally have decent trade history
in the past of course we'll all end up
paying more for a lot of these items and
as Anna sort of has hinted this could
escalate and you could find tariffs on
European cars and and other sort of
bigger ticket items and this is in a
sense a new and when I say new I mean
it's been decades old now but I mean in
the modern age it's another kind of war
and they call it a trade war for a
reason you know increasingly many wars
and and many tensions are worked out on
the planet with economics at their base
right these are now we're really about
trade and we're about a world economy
and a balance in that world economy and
so I'm concerned I think if you
and again as Anna says if you impose
policies that aren't well thought-out
that don't have a real good long-term
strategy behind them you can end up in
this sort of trade war tension with
countries that you didn't have tensions
with and you don't have a tense history
with and all of a sudden you can find
America in a much different place so
some of you might be wondering why is
Vladimir Putin on the master graphic
behind you this story has nothing to do
with Putin except it does so Putin has
really capitalized and taken advantage
of this situation because he had started
saying back in 2007 that the United
States is too restrictive their idea of
exceptionalism is damaging and
destructive to other countries and their
overuse of sanctions is dangerous that
was
argument he made during the Obama
administration back in 2007 now fast
forward to today right after Trump
issues these tariffs and this trade war
you know ghost starts off Putin has this
basically a teleconference with the
people of Russia and he starts arguing
that I told you I told the international
world watch out for those Americans
might not want to work with them because
they will turn on you and so I'm
paraphrasing what he said I want to give
you his exact statements let's go to
graphic 23 Putin likened the tariffs
that Washington imposed last week on
steel and aluminum imports to economic
sanctions now mind you these tariffs
affect our allies so the way he is
framing it in my opinion is actually
pretty accurate no and it said it
essentially messages to the world hey if
you're a US ally you might get
sanctioned in the future right that is
exactly what is happening now nobody
wanted to listen and nobody did anything
to stop this from developing well there
you go
you've been hit dinner is served please
sit down and eat so Putin said that
Putin also accused the United States of
upsetting the strategic nuclear balance
and said nobody should take any hasty
steps the understanding that a third
world war could be the end of
civilization should restrain us now in
that portion of the conversation he was
specifically referring to Ukraine and
how Ukraine could potentially go after
Russian support in the country and if
they do that Russia would retaliate so
that was an interesting you know
culmination to that little
teleconference that he was doing and it
kind of worried me but with that said
these tariffs are not good when it comes
to our relationships with our allies
they're not good when it comes to how
much consumers are gonna spend for
products here they're not good for
manufacturers here in the United States
who rely on that material in order to
produce their products so just quickly I
want to go to some of those numbers some
400,000 jobs will be lost with 16 losses
for every job
created by the tariffs now the idea is
let's bring steel and aluminum back to
the United States it'll create more jobs
but for again every job we create for
steel and aluminum we're gonna lose 16
jobs and those jobs will come from
factories that rely on that material
400,000 people in the United States work
in metal producing jobs but 4.6 million
working jobs that depend on metal and
remember if it's manufactured in the
United States naturally it will cost
more and those costs will either be
transferred on to the consumers or what
employers will do is cut workers to save
some some money right I wrote a lot
going on I'll just start with some of
the the Putin stuff because you know
he's talking about setting the table and
your table is served he's also very
self-serving because clearly inserting
Ukraine into this conversation between
us and the rest of the world and what
tariffs would mean and look like to the
balance of the world economy we know why
you put Ukraine in there right and then
it comes a week before the World Cup
which is the convening of all these
nations in Russia and so it's a little
bit of promotion for him and also number
three
Putin is backing this guy very heavily
so he's trying to play both sides and
going back to this guy this imbecile it
does sound like he's middle-school
student body president and heard about
what was happening with steel and then
said guess what let's just impose
tariffs so that we can build up our
industry and not think anything beyond
that and his lemmings will believe it
and again this is 1950s not just
exceptionalism US or American
exceptionalism
but it's this isolationist politics that
feels like it can be disconnected from
the rest of the world and that we have
enough industries product innovation to
build within and we have enough
consumption within and that's actually
not the case and not lastly but another
point is that okay I want to see what
how much tariffs Mexico is gonna put on
the Trump suits that they make over
there
in the u.s. are gonna buy them but
really I do actually want to see we have
this discussion about agribusiness in
the US and how highly subsidized that is
because those are the other products
that are gonna come next which is
agriculture and our subsidized corn
industry is what has devastated Mexico's
economy and it's indigenous farmers its
farmers that grow corn rely on corn and
can't make corn to compete in their own
market with US corn that's so heavily
subsidized it undercuts their own
products they're the ones that are
trying to migrate into the u.s. so you
know yeah maybe that saves them to some
degree but lastly we were also having
this really amazing discussion about how
there isn't any free market in America
and we all just buy into this illusion
that companies and corporations just
interact on the world stage in a fair
playing field but that's not the case
these governments are helping each other
and helping the corporations out and the
the only real debates between
Republicans and Democrats are which sort
of folks are they willing to help out
are they willing to help out
corporations are different types of
corporations or really really really
left-wing Democrats who say no I want to
subsidize people in this country right
right very few of those left-wing
politicians want to subsidize people
right yeah yeah and by the way just to
clarify in case there was any mistake
you know when when the argument is made
on this show that there's really no free
market it's not the argument that
right-wingers make which is there's too
much regulation no there is actually a
lack of regulation which leads to
monopolies in the country which leads to
the government propping up certain
industries like energy industries for
instance or telecommunications companies
allowing you know antitrust regulations
to fall by the wayside
while these huge corporate buyouts
happen so those are the issues that
really destroy our true free market and
it's it's pretty devastating I look this
is well we'll see how this all plays out
there are small farmers real small
farmers I'm not talking about massive
corporations who present themselves as
farmers who will be hurt
what the Trump administration is doing
and those people have you know I'm
generally speaking supported Trump and
so we'll see how this all plays out I
don't want anyone to suffer economically
more than we've already suffered
economically but the way he's gone about
these tariffs has not been well thought
out and that's not to say that their
tariffs are always bad it's just that
you have to really think about the
cost-benefit analysis and it doesn't
seem as though he did that in this case
last thing because sanctions were
mentioned here remember the Vladimir
Putin is a heavily sanctioned leader of
the heavily sanctioned country those
sanctions under Obama that came to our
Russia were largely because of human
rights violations
you know Putin is not a nice guy and he
has journalists killed he has a
political opponents jailed and killed
and and so there are a lot of sanctions
that have more to do with that then then
the economics of things but he's folded
sanctions into everything because it
takes the stink off the sanctions that
are associated with Russia so that's
just the last sort of coda on in all of
this that's why yeah that's a great
point and and again this is all
self-serving for Putin you're absolutely
right about that and it gives a look
this is my speculation but he has been
supportive he has preferred Trump over
Hillary Clinton for instance as the
president and I think part of the reason
why is because Trump is not well fit to
be a president no it's not sophisticated
there's no way there's no sophisticated
understanding of things that's right and
so it's he Trump's policies are playing
exactly into the narrative that Putin
wants to lay out for the fore
internationally right and and that's
what concerns me like he wants power
over the United States that's very clear
tactic and I think that he's succeeding
in particular I love that you said that
because because formerly Putin of course
is the biggest bully on the block but
now America is least as cast by Putin
now in this new world order if you will
they're the biggest bullies Trump's the
biggest bullies his trade war his
militarism Putin is playing Trump as the
biggest bully in the world and that is a
that's a
thrown that Putin was all too happy to
vacate to Donald Trump so I love that
you mentioned that because Putin is
trying to recast our impression of this
country two easy ways follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
