this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm Donald Trump was asked
about the summit with North Korean
officials Kim Jong Un's specifically in
Singapore it's coming up very quickly
and he was asked whether or not he is
preparing for it and his answer should
alarm you take a look summit for a long
time as the other side preparing for a
long time also so this isn't a question
of preparation it's a question of
whether or not people wanted to happen
and will know that very quickly okay so
he does not believe he needs to prepare
I mean he said he's been preparing he's
been preparing for a very long time
college life for this he's been
preparing for a long time and as have
the North Koreans well about a week ago
on June 1st Donald Trump had a meeting
with kim gyeong-cheol he is a senior
North Korean official and after that
meeting he had a press conference and he
kind of described in very sophisticated
terms how that meeting went and and how
he plans on proceeding with the North
Koreans in the future take a look one
thing I did do and it was very important
we had hundreds of new sanctions ready
to go on
and he did not the director did not ask
but I said I'm not gonna put them on
until such time as the talks break down
we have very significant sanctions on
that but we had hundreds we have
hundreds that are ready to go but I said
I'm not gonna but why would I do that
when we're talking so nicely so they had
hundreds of sanctions why but why would
he implement those sanctions when he's
talking so nicely let's take a look at
one more video from the same press
conference I don't even want to use the
term maximum pressure anymore because I
don't want to use that term because
we're getting along you see the
relationship we're getting loss it's not
a question of maximum pressures okay so
as recently as May 20th aides spoke to
The New York Times about Trump's
preparedness in regard to this meeting
the summit with kim jeong-hoon let's go
to graphic 10 aides are concerned again
this is from May 20th this is recent
aides are concerned about what kind of
grass mr. trump has on the details of
the North Korea program and what he must
insist upon as the key components of
denuclearization aides who have recently
left the administration say mr. Trump
has resisted the kind of detailed
briefings about enrichment capabilities
plutonium reprocessing nuclear weapons
production and missiles programs so he
has no instinct to learn any details we
know this they try to brief him with
three-page briefings imagine it's
usually an entire big file folder but
they boil it down to three pages in the
early days of this administration but
then they were told the president
doesn't like to read try to boil it down
to like one page so they boiled it down
to one page and then they were told the
president responds better to pictures
this is not this is not some rumor this
is this is from insiders at the White
House so we know he doesn't have an
instinct to learn the details of this
highly complicated and very important
sensitive negotiation but Trump is not
wrong and here's what I mean by that
if your Trump you don't need to learn
anything because you're only a photo-op
declaration type president he's not
actually gonna do any negotiating he's
going to show up he's gonna shake hands
they're gonna be pictures taken they
might even sign something they'll be
declarations of some sort an intent to
reach an agreement that'll all be traded
he'll grab the headlines and he'll feel
good for that he doesn't need to prep
and and really that's as deep as Donald
Trump yes well I I feel like you're
describing a best-case scenario because
while Trump might not do anything at
that particular meeting or summit
remember a lot of his policy is carried
out through social media through Twitter
look I I love the fact that he's now
taking a much more diplomatic approach
to what's going on with North Korea I
think that that is the way to go it's
much better than what we were
experiencing with Trump early on
saber-rattling right where he was
constantly insulting kim jeong-hoon on
social media I mean that was not only
embarrassing but incredibly dangerous
sure and so I'm glad that he's moved
away from that but at the same time I we
never know how what his mood is gonna be
or how he's gonna approach the situation
on any given day we don't know what he's
been watching that day we don't know who
the last person he talked to is so
that's the part that really concerns me
and and what you described again is the
best-case scenario right that he
approaches it from a diplomatic place as
he has been lately and doesn't do
anything to screw things up during the
summit and we somehow get the North
Koreans to concede well this is a this
summit is just a first step to anything
and it would be under probably any
president but what I'm just saying is
that he's just he's going through the
choreographed motions to have all the
pictures they're gonna go look I'm I'm
meeting with the world leaders on this
stuff a meantime he's of course conceded
and given the world stage to a brutal
dictator you can say oh but but maybe
it's time for that brutal dictator to
evolve to a different place let's leave
that aside for now for the point that's
front and center his preparation
probably for this first summit because
it is all ceremonial he can get away
with the
and you're right though the Devils in
the details and the details will all be
worked out by his henchmen hey you guys
it's all about attitude right yeah he
has a great attitude he knows how to
make a deal you know all those things I
wonder if somebody could just quit like
a visual graphic cuz he only reads
visuals of how many times he says the
same exact phrases as like a percentage
bubble chart because then he maybe would
understand how repetitive and yeah how
just boring he's anxious and it's a nice
talk it's gonna be a nice talk and this
is kind of typical of what he's this is
this is code he's speaking code to his
base and his coat to his bases I carry a
big stick and so that's what they're
hearing they're not hearing that we need
we need a leader who knows about
plutonium reserves we need a leader who
knows with the nuclear discussions and
disarmament are being had on a global
stage and they don't they also would
definitely not want to point the finger
at ourselves and ask ourselves the
question how we can go I know this he's
a brutal isolationist dictator and maybe
some folks would even dispute that I
don't know but how we go into a summit
in a scenario where we're saying we're
gonna put hundreds of sanctions on
stopping you to do something we do very
actively and do the best in the world
which is building up nuclear reserves
that's right yeah I mean that that is
like a hypocritical way of approaching
the situation and the u.s. is well known
for that but you know there's also talks
of you know if this diplomatic route
continues to develop inviting kim
jeong-hoon to the united states which i
thought was also pretty fascinating i
don't know how trump space feels about
that I don't know how Americans in
general feel about that well he can sell
anything to his base okay if he says
nothing else don't be bored with it but
you're right it's completely uncharted
territory that mean also he has to give
Iran a diplomatic route as well or a
conversation surrounded by hawks on Iran
in the White House and that's why Iran
will never
you know the Iran nuclear deal and then
Trump pulling out of that nuclear deal
actually created a conundrum for him
because remember I mean even though he
has made it seem as though Iran has not
did not do enough and they didn't
concede enough in that nuclear deal they
did and they conceded much more than in
my opinion North Korea ever will right
that is my prediction but considering
that you know if he makes a deal with
the North Koreans and that deal is not
as aggressive as the Iran nuclear deal
was trumps gonna hear it he's gonna get
the criticism for it he'll hear it
around re-election time I don't know
that his base will focus on it in that
granular way that will really reveal the
details the same way they didn't focus
on the granular aspects of the Iran
nuclear deal though most of his base
couldn't tell you anything about it when
as you say it was actually a pretty good
deal mm-hmm yeah I mean you have you
have people going into Iran constantly
monitoring them they give up 97 percent
of their nuclear materials I mean the
type of verification that was going to
go on as Anna says is the sort of thing
that you can't you can't do a
bait-and-switch with the plutonium it's
just you just can't move these fish
noble materials around Iran too quickly
so the deal that was in place has really
made it hard for them to cheat yet
Trump's just about talking points so he
can tell you how bad the deal was too
easy wasteful Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
