so Wolfpack is getting money out of
politics already passed a resolution in
five different states calling for a
convention do that well I got great news
for you guys for the first year ever in
the state of Massachusetts we have
passed in two different committees and
Joint Committee on Veterans and federal
affairs you have to pass these
committees before you get to an actual
vote in the Senate in the house and we
just passed in the Senate Rules
Committee so that's very important and I
want to tell you all about it in and
tell you why it's such good news but
most importantly I want you guys to get
involved so far you've done an amazing
job and so the volunteers so let me show
you some of the good folks that were the
heroes here senator mark
Mantegna was the head of this committee
the Senate Rules Committee and he was a
total American Hero
in in fighting for this and I'm gonna
give you one of his quotes in a second
but I want you to know something you you
guys that volunteer for Wolfpack were a
giant part of it there were 300 letters
sent to the chair there was over a
hundred constituent calls so that's all
in the district ok these are real voters
in these districts you have any idea
what kind of an army we have to have to
have those amount of calls and letters
in every single district so unreal job
by Wolfpack here but Montague knees the
hero for passing it through his
committee and he had this great quote he
even did a press release about it about
signing this particular legislation and
passing it through his committee he said
the corrupting influence of the
overwhelming amount of money in American
politics has endangered our democracy
and rendered the average voter almost
insignificant in comparison to large
corporations and those willing to sell
out to the highest bidder those are
strong words and I love those words
alright now let me show you some of the
other great folks involved here in
Massachusetts Senate Senator Jamie
Eldridge a big big role here and pivotal
in passing it he's our sponsor for that
we the people act and then you have a
Senator Mike rush senator and gobe and
Senator John lon and
those are your heroes and obviously the
Senate votes coming up I also want to
tell you about one other group we the
people Massachusetts has been working
with Wolfpack on this and and they've
done some great heroic work as well
that's what progressive unity looks like
when we're actually fighting on what I
would argue and I think majority of
Americans would argue is the most
important issue the corrupting influence
of money in politics get the money out
let's have actually free and fair
elections let's get back to our
democracy so thank you to the We the
People of Massachusetts and all these
senators who voted the right way now the
most important thing is you actually
have to get it through the Senate so at
this point the Senate President Harriet
L Chandler becomes the most important
person because not only do you have to
have enough votes but you've got to
prioritize it and and actually have a
vote on it in the Senate we understand
we've got some great workers there that
we have enough votes for it to pass
already so I want you guys to get
involved and to make that happen okay so
it's important that we stay vigilant to
make sure that these things happen and
by the way if it passed the Senate then
senator Chandler becomes a total hero in
this movement and and in getting money
out of politics and ending the
corruption in our system and we're
looking forward to that happening so get
involved if you're in Massachusetts wolf
dash pack.com /ma
okay Wolf Pack is a lovely new sight now
you'll see that wolf dash pack.com but
if your Massachusetts make sure that you
go to your own state if you're not in
Massachusetts that's okay you can get
involved it and and become one of these
heroes in your own way in your own state
go to wolf dash pack.com slash states to
find out how you can get involved and
and I want to thank our Wolf Pack
volunteers in that state Matt Missoula
the organizing director Rick Canavan
Wagner the legislative director and Bo
Yi their community director so wonderful
work so far let's keep going guys let's
make sure we pass the Senate in the
house and make Massachusetts the sixth
state to call for this and to finally
end the corruption and get money out of
politics and give us back our democracy
so isn't it wonderful when legislators
do the right thing and they are
responsive to their community and their
constituents it's both heartbreaking
when they're not and we let you know
about that and also wonderful when they
are and make sure that we celebrate that
two easy ways follow the Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
