Piru luminescence I did a surprisingly
good job of pronouncing that says if I
might say so myself
he says been on board for about three
years
first-time donor your show helped me
pull me out of Wow and I'm reading this
live as we go along so some of these
surprised me to help me pull pull me out
of suicidal depression chronic illness
and being a pessimistic negative a
stress a search Asterix he wrote I
really appreciate what you do makes me
believe in people thank you oh that's
amazing guys we're all in this together
right
so we win some we lose some and you see
it happening and the Conservatives still
to this they love to tweak to me and
target is Saints in all the comments on
social media YouTube etc haha your
meltdown on election night is my
favorite thing to watch and they're bad
guys they revel in other people's pain
to be fair sometimes when real bad guy
Republicans go down I do enjoy that too
okay hey so also we didn't have a
meltdown I feel like that's sort of
passed over for some reason we could
have done anything and they would have
called it well done yes we feared for
the future of our country because we
have this irrational fear of fascism do
you guys didn't like I don't know is it
CLE like I wept tears no no it's because
we're the only progressive outlet that
covers these elections right so the
Republicans didn't have anyone else to
beat up on or the right-wingers right so
we're there a lot of Democrats that cry
that night in 2016 yes where we among
them no in fact if you go back and watch
that coverage I'm in a fighting mood
okay and I say get up we're gonna get
them back right so so we've been through
a lot but we stick together we get up
and we get them back okay so as I keep
telling you 11 just Democrats have moved
on already we've got three more that
might move on tonight that would bring
it
2:14 that's already amazing if that
happens ok we might actually have 4 more
tonight so we'll see how it plays out
and and we stay in the fight ok and 2018
is a warm-up act for 2020 when we
dominate and in terms of warm-up acts
for groups that are young by just
Democrats in our revolution it has been
in my opinion so far even with all the
devastating losses a shocking success is
it I've told you this a thousand times
and but a lot of you are new and a lot
of people watch this show but not that
show etc right so let me tell you when
we first started just Democrats and good
smart people who know politics said
you'll get one person into Congress one
if you're lucky they'll be a fluke and
you'll get one they're gonna run with no
money it's not gonna work it'll never
work and by the way as we've seen with
no money it's been incredibly difficult
and Allison for example raised four
hundred thousand dollars that's not no
money that's a lot of money but in
California where Feinstein has what
twelve million dollars right it is
exceedingly difficult but nonetheless it
looks like at the end of tonight and
we're only about halfway through the
primaries we're gonna have about
fourteen at least candidates that have
advanced that ain't no small thing and
that ain't one they slap general
elections to go through we already have
three incumbents they're very likely to
win a bunch of the other guys win all of
a sudden we got a caucus and then that
caucus with the their success and the
media that comes around their success
gets way larger when we have time and
opportunity to ramp up for 2020
