Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
has announced that the Senate will skip
much of its August recess he announced
by saying the following due to the
historic obstruction by Senate Democrats
of the president's nominees and the goal
of passing appropriations bills prior to
the end of the fiscal year the August
recess has been cancelled so as you can
see from his statement he's doing this
because of the obstruction by the
Democrats in in response to president
Trump's nominees but there are other
theories and my favorite theory and the
one that I personally believe is really
at play here has to do with how there
are way more Democrats incumbent
Democrats in the Senate who are seeking
re-election and a lot of the lawmakers
rely on that August recess to raise
money and focus on their campaign so
this could potentially hurt them and
their efforts to get reelected and keep
in mind there are way more Democrats who
are up for re-election as opposed to
Republicans so a couple points to this
story first of all is it because of
several different reasons yes are any of
them legitimate almost none and so let
me explain one by one so are they doing
it because there's ten Democrats that
are out for reelection in Trump states
and only one Republican up for
reelection that Hillary State absolutely
that's definitely why they're doing it
and in fact Trump is insisting on that
which leads to reason number two he's
like I don't get it why wouldn't you
play politics what are you guys dumb and
by the way that's kind of a fair point
I wish Obama played politics like that I
wish the Democrats played politics like
that but they don't
and so Trump threatened to criticize the
Republican senators if they went on a
break and didn't play this political
trick and so they're like they got so
scared of Trunk cuz they always do
they're afraid of their own shadow
they're not leaders they're followers so
it would have been a double whammy there
Democrats would have got the campaign
and again the reporters drive me crazy
they keep talking about how they want to
go back to their districts no they want
to go raise money that's right they have
to spend all day raising money and go to
fundraisers with corporate donors so
just call
it is it's not like they're good doing a
lot of town halls they're not doing the
town halls please for a second be a
reporter so anyway so because of that
they're like okay we hit the Democrats
we make sure Donald Trump doesn't hit us
and third of all yeah let's just pass
all just jam these nominees through the
the Trump ones and maybe we could pass a
bill or two but we already gave the tax
cut to the rich so we're kind of done
here on that front so on that note CNN
to be honest really pissed me off on
this one because and like all other
articles they mentioned how Mitch
McConnell said that the Senate Democrats
have done quote historic obstruction now
they're quoting McConnell I get why they
say that but if you wanted to be a
reporter you would give that context you
wouldn't say hey I don't like Mitch
McConnell or I don't agree with Mitch
McConnell's policies you would give it
proper factual context so which I'll do
for you so we're gonna go to graphic
fifty-eight and what that's gonna show
you is historic obstruction and you'll
see the word begin and maybe you won't
be able to tell can you tell where
there's strong historic obstruction
began the record number of filibusters
hmm okay so it was Olin is 0 to 2
throughout most of modern history under
Clinton the Republicans start and they
go to 9 the Democrats of course
retaliate but less at 7 for Bush that's
by the way over 8 years both of them
that Obama comes into office then 27 in
the first 445 in the second four
including a Supreme Court justice right
that's historic obstruction that's the
context you need you don't have to get
upset about it you don't have to have
the opinions I have but you should point
it out otherwise you've misled your
audience into thinking well the
Democrats are the ones that do
obstruction right but it got worse at
the end of the CNN article on this they
said that Mitch McConnell quote boldly
blocked Merrick garland President Barack
Obama's choice for the Supreme Court
yeah the the bottom half of this article
on CNN was just a laundry list of great
things that they they loved about Mitch
McConnell it wasn't
I actually stopped reading it because I
couldn't no it's so look from time to
time CNN has good articles and we quote
those and we use that and and we're
happy to give them credit on it I think
that they have an established from bias
overall now right now a lot of times
they'll have people speaking out against
Trump and then of course the right-wing
always cause them liberal but it's not
true
the me you put Trump aside they love
giving credit to Republicans and so this
article is totally biased in favor of
Republicans not Democrats so when
framing the Democratic action they go
historic obstruction Mitch McConnell
said it and I didn't say any better
whose historic obstruction I didn't look
into it right yep
blocking a Supreme Court nominee free a
whole year is unprecedented and
literally historic it's never been done
in American history it was historic
obstruction CNN frames it as he boldly
blocked that nominee so which one is it
his obstruction bad or good when it
comes to the Democrats as bad when it
comes to the Republicans is bold and
brilliant so that's the bias you get in
the establishment media too easy
wasteful young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
