following news that prosecutors federal
prosecutors have accused Paul Manafort
of tampering with witnesses in his
investigation or in their investigation
of his criminal behavior
Trump reacted but reacted by attacking
someone else someone specific jeff
Sessions so Trump's tweet said the
following the Russian witch-hunt the
Russian witch-hunt hoax continues all
because Jeff Sessions didn't tell me he
was going to recuse himself I would have
quickly picked someone else so much time
and money wasted so many lives ruined
and sessions knew better than most
there was no collusion okay he is
blaming sessions for everything
everything okay homeboy won't take any
responsibility for his own actions which
by the way incriminate himself but he's
gonna go ahead and blame jeff sessions
for recusing himself now mind you he was
able to appoint the Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein right who is a
lifelong Republican Trump got to choose
that person but still it's all Jeff's
fall Jeff Sessions fault this whole
investigation is his fault I'm gonna
give you examples of him incriminating
himself in just a minute but Jake okay
so my favorite part of the tweet was so
many lies Ron before he in an earlier
tweet he had talked about what about the
kids that were ruined by the Russian
investigation why did something happen
to the kids have to do with it because
people were saying that he was taking
the kids away from their parents so he
had just somehow throw them into the mix
anyway here the lines that were ruined
to be fair there were 19 people indicted
three companies indicted yes and and
five already admitting guilt and and
taking a plea deal saying yes I did do
it I broke the law did Jeff Sessions
make all of them break the law he ruin
their life lives ruined no they broke
the law and they confess the breaking
the law so that they made those
decisions for themselves and so did
Donald Trump but the most relevant part
of this tweet is that later he will have
to backpedal
from it so why remember he's again the
number one thing that people
underestimate is how stupid Donald Trump
is no no no to this day people saw you
know all these articles even today like
they're like what is the strategic of
Donald Trump saying this huh there is no
strategy there's no strategy he's a
knucklehead solo with Lester Holt he
came out and said James Comey I fired
him because of the Trump because of the
Russia investigation you just admitted
obstruction of justice on national TV so
what do they just do the whole time
they're like no no Donald Trump's of
genius he meant to say that right when
talk writing the letter tamal is like no
it wasn't it wasn't because of the
Russia investigation because that could
be obstruction of justice no we didn't
mean that too late you idiot you said it
on national TV man you're giving away
all my top my points sorry sorry okay
and on this one he's saying I wouldn't
have hired Jeff Sessions if I knew he
was going to enforce the law yeah I
wouldn't have hired Jeff Sessions if I
knew he wasn't going to protect me from
the laws I broke that's amazing that's
an amazing admission you idiot you're
supposed to say oh no I've got other
problems with Jeff Sessions it isn't
about the Russian investigation I'm not
trying to obstruct that I'm not blaming
him because he didn't obstruct it no
it's just that Jeff was tardy and he
took a pencil home and that's stealing
from the government and you're supposed
to make up bad excuses not actually
admit that you're fine that you want to
fire me you didn't want an iron because
of obstruction of justice
so there there is a dangerous cocktail
at play here for Trump specifically the
first part the first ingredient of this
dangerous cocktail is a man who doesn't
know how to stop talking or yes right
and then the other part is his legal
team which is comprised of incredibly
incompetent lawyers who have no idea
what they're doing so what I'm
specifically referencing is the letter
that they sent to the Special Counsel in
January which the New York Times wrote
about over the weekend they broke the
story about it right they claim that the
president cannot obstruct justice
like what and and that by the way we're
gonna get into that story later that is
a completely flawed theory and so when
you have you know his lawyers saying
things like that to him and making those
types of arguments well then he can't
help himself he goes on Twitter and he
says all sorts of things and
incriminates himself so you gave the
example of his interview with Lester
Holt where he famously said that he
fired Comey because of the Russia
investigation there are other examples
of him incriminating himself or saying
things that work against him in
investigations I'll give you another
example
so Michael Cohen is also being
investigated right and authorities
raided his of apartment took all of
these documents and the big argument was
well if any of those documents have
anything that could implicate Trump you
got to keep in mind that Trump has
attorney-client privilege those
documents cannot be used against him and
then Trump goes on Fox and Friends and
says this but isn't your business
business or attorney mr. president many
many just sayin I have many attorneys I
have attorneys you sadly I have so many
attorneys you wouldn't even believe how
much mr. president how much of your
legal work was handled by Michael Kohn
well as a percentage of my overall legal
work a tiny tiny little fraction even
kill reads like this doesn't sound right
normally he'd kill me is like super
enthusiastic like oh yeah Donald oh yeah
mr. president right he's like oh boy we
better get him off there that was the
one where he would not stop talking and
Fox and Friends eventually cut the
interview short with the president
because they like we gotta get him off
to air otherwise she's gonna get
arrested in the interview I know but
look to be fair Trump that was sessions
fault anyway all right and then keep in
mind he keeps pardoning one criminal
after the next which signals to anyone
who's facing you know prison time that
he will pardon them just make sure you
don't give up any type of information
about me
it's the way that it reads of course we
don't have any hardcore evidence on that
but Trump's actions tend to be the
actions that get him in trouble right so
it's not Jeff Sessions he loves to play
the blame game because he is unable to
ever take ownership or responsibility of
his own flaws his own actions
he is just I don't know he's just unable
to ever take responsibility one last
quick thing about that tweet he said
sessions knew better than most that
there was no collusion well how would he
know that if he didn't conduct an
investigation so you're asking your
Attorney General to make a conclusive
observation and remark and end any
investigation of you before starting
that is not what an attorney general was
supposed to do when the FBI comes to the
Attorney General the chief law
enforcement officer in the country and
says there's a potential criminal
investigation here if the Attorney
General says I don't he didn't do it I
know he didn't do it
don't bother investigating that would be
deeply problematic that's not how the
law is supposed to work but Trump says
why don't you just do that and just
cover up the the potential law breaking
right from the get-go that's why I'm
upset at you you're not supposed to
admit that in public like this
Trump guy I mean Muller must be going
what am I supposed to do like like Trump
keeps coming out it's the equivalent of
coming and going I robbed a bank
I robbed a bank it was a big bank with
big money in it okay big green money I
went inside I stole it and well there's
got to be looking around like do we go
arrest him I don't know he just admitted
it I don't do we go to rest him now you
want to get to handcuffs and then the
republic's come on here no robbing banks
is a great now they're all and then he's
like why didn't the the security guard
there help me rob the bank
I can find you the security guard wasn't
gonna help me rob the bank then I would
have fired the security guard no I would
have chosen a different bank that had a
security guard that would have worked
with me yeah and then mother's gonna be
saying wait do we go now when we press
the guy
keeps admitting these crimes on TV or
Twitter amazing times man amazing two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
