the White House has officially called
off this year's Super Bowl celebration
which of course would celebrate the
Eagles Super Bowl win and there has been
a lot of spin going on a lot of drama a
lot of propaganda and we're gonna go
through all of it first let me just say
that the White House officials said that
only about 10 people 10 members of the
team were planning to attend a
celebration on the South Lawn
despite weeks of planning for the event
now that is the heart of the story that
is the reason why Trump has decided to
call off the celebration but he made it
seem as though he's calling it off or
it's being cancelled because the players
don't want to stand or stand for the
national anthem he said the following
the Philadelphia Eagles are unable to
come to the White House with their full
team to be celebrated tomorrow they
disagree with their president because he
insists that they proudly stand for the
national anthem hand on heart in honor
of the great men and women of our
military and the people of our country
so again fewer than 10 people said that
they would show up and because of that
he decided to can't it's canceled but
keep in mind there are fans of the
Philadelphia Eagles who plan on showing
- showing up to the celebration even
though it's only about 10 players who
said that they would show up 10 players
still wanted to show up but he wanted to
cancel it anyway now Sarah one quick
piece of context there originally
about 80 were slated to come and then
they started peeling off and saying
we're not going to attend players
coaches etc and and it's not because
anthem is a and I explained and we have
great great details on that but because
they were concerned about Donald Trump
being divisive and he proved him right
by being more divisive and then blaming
them for so before we continue on with
the rest of the story I want to make
clear that during the season not a
single one of the Philadelphia players
kneeled during the national anthem all
of them stood for the national anthem
and so this isn't really about the
national anthem as Jake mentioned this
is about Trump being
divisive as he is now the NFL did make a
decision about kneeling during the
national anthem and they said that any
player who refuses to stand on the field
will be penalized in some way but again
it's it's more about frustration over
this issue becoming so incredibly
politicized now with that said let's
hear from Sarah Huckabee Sanders who of
course was asked about this issue during
her press briefing take a look he's
suggesting this is about the national
anthem is the president aware and not a
single player on the Eagles through the
entire season knelt for the national
anthem the president's position on not
just the anthem has been clear but let's
not forget this isn't there were 80
members of the Eagles organization that
RSVP'd and committed to attend this
event the Eagles are the ones that tried
to change their commitment at the 11th
hour and the president frankly thinks
that the fans deserve better than that
so the fans deserve to be able to go to
the White House and celebrate and since
he has kind of canceled this event the
10 players who agreed to come won't be
showing up so you're actually penalizing
the the fans here there will be some
sort of event at the White House Trump
said more than 1,000 fans who had been
invited to the celebration would still
be welcome at the White House for what
the president called a different type of
ceremony one that will honor our great
country pay tribute to the heroes who
fight to protect it and loudly and
proudly play the national anthem
ok so let's dive into a number of
different issues here
what is the politics of this and this
secondly is the substance of it so in
terms of politics I think he's made a
terrible mistake here so Philadelphia is
in the state of Pennsylvania and
Pennsylvania narrowly narrowly voted for
Trump last time and if you think that
Philly fans are gonna be with you
instead of the Eagles who just won the
Superbowl and I think you are gravely
mistaken there is a limit to Trump
fervor even among Magga people and that
probably is right at the edge of their
sports teams and
since this is a more of a pop culture
kind of story it will get people to pay
attention well that don't normally pay
attention to politics and it's not just
about the City of Philly Philly was
gonna vote for Trump anyway
but it is about the suburbs and it's
about half the state of Pennsylvania
that routes for the Eagles
the other half routes for the Steelers
let's keep it real it's 2/3 Steelers
still it's a big part of the state that
routes for the Eagles and so for them
what does it look like it looks like
Trump was being a child and this they
can understand this is not complicated
policy this is they might not know that
the tax cut went largely top 1% and they
got 61 thousand dollar tax cut on
average for those millionaires but then
when Trump was oh yeah what it would
have coming anyway any sports fan knows
that's a kid that's a child that's a
baby right and it and it doesn't play
well Eagles are not up for election they
had an election it was called the Super
Bowl and they kicked ass oh remember the
Eagles fans are the rowdiest most
obnoxious fans in the country in a
wonderful way so are a lot of people in
Philly with the school affiliate I love
that I love that as part of the culture
they once booed Santa Claus you think
they're gonna draw the line in Trump
like oh no Trump no I can't touch Trump
okay why what's the beef with Santa
Claus is there a war on Christmas there
or something they probably would spin it
that way
no they were in a surly mood in the plan
the team was doing miserably santa came
out and a half time doing boo safety
Lonnie says throwing snow balls of Santa
you know what a mess with Philly fans I
mean this is a fight that you cannot win
I don't care if you're Donald Trump or
otherwise that is amazing yes sorry okay
so let me give my quick point of view
and I want to hear what you have to say
about it
look I find it fascinating that when it
comes to First Amendment issues
no one freaks out about what the
president says what the president does
look I know that you know they the
waters are a little murky in regard to
whether or not Trump's actions violate
the Constitution the First Amendment
specifically because he would have to
take some sort of action
against NFL players who kneel and right
now he is making it appear as though he
is taking action against these players
because of their stance on kneeling even
though that's not really the case when
it comes to the Second Amendment if
there is even a tiny suggestion of a
mediocre policy that would control guns
to a small extent people lose their
minds and say that it is a violation of
the Second Amendment but when it comes
to the First Amendment you have a
president who talks about getting those
sons-of-bitches off the field if they
refuse to stand that was a tweet that he
had so that was action number one and
then now he is presenting himself as
someone who's taking action against them
because of their stance on kneeling even
though that's not really the case
obviously it's actually much worse than
that
because Trump threatened their tax cuts
so in two different ways so now that is
not hey Berkeley decided not to allow
someone to speak or a private
institution or a company decided to fire
someone for saying the wrong thing they
have every right to do that right
whether you agree where I agree or not
right this is now the US government core
First Amendment issue saying if you let
those people speak in any way shape or
form in a way that I do not like I will
actually punish you financially punish
you
so the tuna by the way hundreds of
millions of dollars
he attacked the NFL owners and if you're
wondering why the NFL came you're like
well these guys are incredibly rich
powerful to get all these giant
contracts why would they cave the Trump
because he's yelling on Twitter because
it wasn't just the yelling
he said well you guys get a lot of tax
breaks in your cities to build these
stadiums maybe I take those away and
they do and maybe we should take those
away but not for this reason and so
though out of all those like wait wait a
minute somebody's on to us that we're
getting a totally unfair advantage from
the cities and states that we basically
hold hostage right so that's when they
started sweating and then later
apparently he called for and talked to
Republicans in Congress about excluding
that FL owners from the tax cuts that
the rich were gonna get okay so that is
that is a huge violation of the First
Amendment that is H
huge violation attempting to take
punitive action against NFL teams
because of their stance on the national
anthem because they have the audacity to
protest in a peaceful way to draw
attention to a very legitimate issue in
the country I mean this man does not
respect the Constitution I would be
shocked if he even knows what's in the
Constitution but again no one really
makes a big deal about that they make a
huge huge deal about the Second
Amendment but every other amendment in
the Constitution doesn't really matter
all right so now let's go to the some
some but that's obviously a part of the
substance which is a gross violation of
the Constitution that everybody is
largely ignoring these stories number
two is look I think the media is hugely
responsible here and I'll tell you why
every time that they talk about this
national anthem a story they present the
Republican and Trump point of view and
that's why Trump does it it's actually
very effective to be fair to him that
propaganda does work he goes there
disrespecting our military in our
country right so well then the media
it's your job to give it context
every time you should explain that
nirrti Nene has nothing to do with
protesting the military or the troops
that's right it has everything to do
with protesting cops and you know what
you can get angry about that that's fine
but at least be accurate that they are
worried about the disproportionate use
of force against African Americans
secondarily and these are the bare
minimums of the media should do they
should point out that it's true there is
this proportionate use of force
disproportionate arrests of African
Americans as opposed to whites in this
country we've gone over the numbers on a
hundred different cases the one that
sticks out the most white people black
people in this country smoke pot at the
same rate African Americans get arrested
at four times the rate so that's your
bare minimum once you get past that I
wish they would do this we do this but
you could also point out the hypocrisy
with Trump here is cadet bone spurs he
got five deferments for Vietnam you
won't talk about respecting the country
and a flag and our troops so that's an
action he took but then you know while
he's talking about actual veterans he
feels the need to insult them you know
insulting a Muslim family whose son died
as he was a member of our military that
that happened throughout his campaign
also the fact that he was talking about
John McCain as you know someone that he
he insulted him several times saying
that he prefers people who aren't
prisoners of war who weren't prisoners
of war I mean this man has openly and
transparently disrespected veterans over
and over again and somehow it seems as
though he is just immune to any type of
criticism from his supporters who claim
that they love our veterans and our
military he said that he demanded that
the Eagles quote pay tribute to the
heroes who fight to protect the flag and
loudly and proudly play the national
anthem that that's what they would do at
the White House right so first of all
trumpeting your patriotism loudly is a
telltale sign of being a fake patriot so
you know what could have shown
patriotism and paid tribute to the
heroes who fight to protect it is if you
were among those heroes Donald Trump and
you had every opportunity to do so
you got five deferments from Vietnam now
so I'm gonna go over one part of this
story because it's important he said he
had bone spurs in the fifth deferment
when they asked him during the campaign
which foot did you have the bone spurs
in he said I don't remember then later
he said maybe both okay so obviously
didn't have Bose verse his daddy got a
doctor paid off a doctor to write a note
so somebody else could go die for Donald
Trump so it been told the story on a
previous episode of old school on the
last episode and he by the way become a
member get all of our shows including
the whole school TYT Tom /join and it
was a great episode and in that episode
he explained Bruce Springsteen and what
happened with him in Vietnam Bruce his
dad was a like an old-school tough-guy
dad Bruce went to go join the the war
effort so yeah and he didn't make it he
got a he didn't pass the medical
so he goes to tell his dad and he's
really worried about his dad's reaction
and his dad says oh thank god why cuz he
didn't want his kid to die right but
Bruce Springsteen said that he told his
dad dad is nothing to celebrate
somebody else is gonna go in my spot
mm-hmm right see that's a degree of
understanding this
sacrifice and appreciating it that's
being a true patriot Donald Trump after
he got out of Vietnam bragged that he
had his own personal Vietnam avoiding
STDs at sex parties he literally said
that he said it was my own personal
Vietnam he has no shame and for him to
claim that he stands for the flag and
the Patriots who fought to keep our
freedom it's a disgrace now do you get
that in every news story I know you
don't know all you get is well I guess
the players are against the anthem and
the flag in the military which is the
exact opposite of what's true I'll tell
you these Eagles are amazing I wish they
had kneeled during the anthem because
they would have had every right to I
think that's the right thing to do
they didn't as it turns out but don't
underestimate their actions Malcolm
shanks is a amazing fighter for civil
rights
Kris long who by the way is a white
player donated not only a super active
and social media fighting for justice he
donated every paycheck to charity yeah
every paycheck to education yeah did you
have done that I wouldn't have done that
I don't know anyone else who would have
done that Chris Long is an American Hero
and you're gonna talk to the Eagles
about who are heroes and who are
patriots and and remember the the main
reason why this is all happening is not
because any of them did kneel during the
national anthem which as Jake mentioned
they had every right to do it's all
because many of them decided not to show
up to the White House for this
celebration and that would have hurt
poor Donald Trump's feelings that's
right and we do know that he does not
have a good time with Eagles that to be
fair
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
