good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather we just moved our news in guts
office so we're coming to you from the
young turks new york studio this week
with as always news analysis and
commentary President Trump today said he
has quote the absolute right to pardon
himself his assertion of presidential
power followed a report by The New York
Times about an extraordinary assertion
of power in a letter his lawyers wrote
in January but an important point seems
to have been missed in the letter which
president Trump's lawyers sent a special
counsel robert muller Dobis understand
what has been reported is important very
important the twenty page letter leaked
to The Times by sources unknown makes -
sweeping assertions number one that the
president's office immunizes him against
answering questions from law enforcement
even under subpoena and number two that
the crime of obstructing justice does
not exist for the president because as
mr. Trump sees it the president oversees
federal justice now you add these
arguments together and the some is a
president above the law as his own
lawyer effectively said about the letter
I agree about 80% of what he wrote
that's the part of it I agree with the
most can't be indicted can't a question
because it interferes with the
presidency the letter actually says
quote of course the President of the
United States is not above the law
unquote but it also claims exactly that
in language both legalistic and
religious quote ensuring that the office
remains sacred Trump's lawyer is right
and above the fray of shifting political
winds and gamesmanship is of critical
importance unquote shifting political
winds
is and let's see it for what it is a
cynical euphemism for law enforcement
but above the fray is a cheap disguise
for above the law and therefore the
office being a sacred mr. president we
do not hold officers are their occupants
sacred in this country they however are
obliged to hold sacred the
responsibilities of their office first
and foremost of these upholding the
Constitution having him testify the
president's lawyers right demeans the
office of the president before the world
unquote but the officers not domained it
is in fact beyond his poor power to add
or detract instead mr. Trump himself is
the main before the world by the
admission that he used his own child as
a shield dictating his son's false
statement last summer about meeting with
a Russian lawyer but we knew as much or
believed it to be true no the most
damaging admission the one that gives
greatest cause for hope is one the
president's lawyers may not have
understood they were making they were
claiming the president's immunity but if
he really believed it he would not need
to explain it to argue for him he could
simply asserted or not bother saying I
do you think about it but something
moved them to put pen to paper for 20
pages and just the fact that the
president felt compelled to make the
argument reflects his understanding
subconscious though it may be that he is
wrong by making the argument in other
words he concedes that he has to make
the argument conceding that he even he
is answerable to someone if not to
Muller then to the Justice Department if
not to justice then to Congress if not
to Congress then to the ultimate
tribunal We the People and if even
President Trump by his actions concedes
that the ultimate judgment lies with us
we have to rise to that responsibility
we had to prepare for the possibility
that the case once unveiled reveals no
smoking John exposes no hidden memo we
have to prepare for the chance that the
case is nothing more than a crime
committed right in front of our eyes
that the president's firings lies and
bullying violated not just norms but
laws American laws intended to constrain
power in which case we we called to drop
the masquerade that we were mere
bystanders at a show and accept the
burden of standing witness standing
witness now because the day may soon
come when we have to drop to the mantle
of witness and dawn the cloak of
judgment that's what it means when no
one is above the law
that we all must uphold it that's what
it means to be American there's some
good news in the Supreme Court's ruling
in favor of a bakery that refused to
make a wedding cake for a same-sex
couple but no is bad news too
that has been sorely overlooked so far
the good news first it's true the room
says Colorado officials were out of line
telling masterpiece cake shop that they
couldn't refuse to make a wedding cake
for a same-sex couple but the good news
is that the Supreme Court did not say
Colorado's decision itself was wrong
just that the way it was decided was
wrong the court even left open the
possibility that states couldn't legally
ban bakeries and other businesses from
rejecting same-sex customers the ruling
also more than once expressed concern
that gay couples and weddings not be
stigmatized that's all good news the bad
news is how the High Court said Colorado
officials going to straight in July of
2014 a member of the state's Civil
Rights Commission said about the case
quote
freedom of religion and religion has
been used to justify all kinds of
discriminations throughout history
whether it be slavery whether it be the
Holocaust whether it be I mean we we can
list hundreds of situations where
freedom of religion has been used to
justify discrimination and to me is one
of the most despicable pieces of
rhetoric that people can use to to use
their religion to hurt others in quote
the Supreme Court called that hostility
toward religion and said the Baker was
therefore denied a fair and neutral
consideration of his argument now this
is bad news because one can be both fair
and neutral toward religion and reject
evil done in its name many religious
people have American law has had no
trouble fairly and neutrally outlawing
bigamy human sacrifice slavery and other
practices wearing cloaks of religious
justification neutrality toward religion
does not require neutrality toward any
ideology calling itself religious
neutrality toward religion requires only
that we judge those ideologies without
animus or favor toward religion and we
can surely neutrally condemn religious
justifications for evil without animus
toward religion in truth it is the court
that is not neutral toward religion by
granting the special status to any
concept no matter how noxious that calls
itself religious and it's also bad news
because it represents a continuing
erosion of the Establishment Clause
that's the portion of the First
Amendment meant to prevent the u.s.
government from supporting or endorsing
any religion this Court has worked in
the favor of religion mostly
Christianity on both sides of that
Establishment Clause not merely
approving more and more taxpayers
for religious purposes such as schools
facilities and more but also carving out
religious exemptions permitting
behaviors in the public square once
subject to civil law permitting private
companies for instance to deny
contraceptive coverage for employees
based on religious reasons yes the right
of same-sex marriages have utmost
importance here but so too is the right
of all Americans not to face such
scrutiny when law enforcement can
interrogate undocumented immigrants for
their papers that means they can ask for
papers from anyone they suspect of
lacking documentation including you when
businesses can deny their products or
services to gay people or events they
don't endorse that means they can deny
it to anyone they suspect of being gay
including you
with or without religious underpinnings
we don't have to imagine how this logic
might infect our civic life it already
has now next I want to talk about a new
policy from Education Secretary Betsy
DeVos and it's offense against justice
I'll do that right after this
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that they person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's you cannot
sit on the sidelines of history three
civil rights organizations including the
n-double-a-cp are suing the Department
of Education over a policy from
secretary of Betsy DeVos a policy of
dismissing complaints by students and
their advocates divorce was facing a
backlog of complaints about colleges
mishandling sexual assault cases girls
and young women seeking equal resources
for athletics blind students who needed
textbooks they could read secretary
divorce dealt with these cases by
instituting a new policy a new policy of
dismissing these cases to miss
dismissing them unheard uninvestigated
unjustly the two other organizations
suing the Education Department or the
Council of parent attorneys and
advocates and the National Federation of
the blind secretary divorce reportedly
is a devout Christian who may or may not
be familiar with the Bible's command you
shall not put stumbling blocks before
the blind but faith aside as an American
and as America's top educator secretary
divorce appears to have skipped an
important day in the history class
specifically American history we say
that because this new policy includes
dismissing cases that put quote an
unreasonable burden unquote on Education
Department investigators and lawyers as
any teacher of American history could
tell us it was President John F Kennedy
who articulated a core American
principle when he said quote let every
nation know whether it wishes us well or
real that we shall pay any price bear
any burden meet any hardship support any
friend oppose any foe to assure the
survival and the success of Liberty
unquote JFK
secretary divorces response to the
burden of seeking justice was not to
meet the hardship of the backlog with
more investigators and lawyers but to
try to cut their ranks when you hate
government you see its size as a problem
to be solved you become yourself blind
to its purpose in this case the pursuit
of justice on behalf of those with
little or no recourse to do so otherwise
students have cover transgender students
blind students female students when the
system fails them the remedy is not a
smaller weaker system if you lack
resource the secretary divorce you take
your bully pulpit to the White House
into Congress and to the media and you
demand the resources you need to fight
for those millions of Americans who have
been put in your charge because the
founding principle of this country is
that we do not accept injustice we do
not surrender in the face of it for lack
of resources we do what we must in the
pursuit of justice and equality pay any
price bear any burden if you were to
teach America's children any things that
create a boss teaching this
well the Roseanne Barr controversy and
why you should not stick around for this
story that's next
I will do Church special election day
coverage dropping an amazing power power
like a smart Destiny's Child we're all
too strong we start a revolution yes
another one aren't you excited
Wow some of the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of Jenna I
roll quickly discount Harry Potter
fanfiction
we have elected the top Twitter troll in
the country
what ran me away from Christianity was
judgment and condemnation assaulting
peaceful protesters in North Dakota
crazier than bombing Yemen crazier than
bombing Syria so much they ran out of
bomb reductive interpretation of what
their motives are what Putin's are by
these amateur experts
it is no trivial thing when a
world-famous celebrity compares a black
woman to an ape it is an assault on not
just against her but against the very
notion of black humanity and when the
person who did this is Roseanne Barr and
a TV network cancels a hit show in
response we expected to get a lot of
attention but when a Harvard study
concludes in the same week that at least
790 three people died in Puerto Rico due
to Hurricane Maria we expect that to to
get attention the study after all found
the death toll to be vastly higher than
the official number given just 64 and
it's yet disturbing light on why so many
people died these were not drownings or
crushed cars one-third are believed to
have died due to lack of access to
proper health care with cell phone
coverage spotty clean water in short
supply and electricity out for months
health issues quickly became life or
death
these were sick people in hospitals
hospitals that lost electricity
hospitals that literally ran out of
oxygen these were people who could have
been saved this is why it matters that
President Trump waited more than a week
to send in troops and helicopters to
lift restrictions on foreign aid vessels
docking there why it matters that the
government handed out contracts for food
relief and restoring power to private
companies that bungled the job the new
study has pressured Puerto Rico
officials finally to release their own
numbers numbers that show the four
months after Maria so almost 1,400 more
deaths than usual but how many of those
are due to Maria we still do not exactly
know and one reason we do not know is
that there's no pressure on our
politicians to find out no pressure
because no one is asking them about it
on TV art
talking about it the new study got half
an hour's worth of coverage on MSNBC and
CNN combined Roseanne Barr got more than
eight hours she got almost two hours on
Fox where some intrepid producers
somehow managed to slip in through a
grand total of 48 seconds on Puerto Rico
that's according to a survey by Media
Matters it is more than fair to ask what
role racism plays in this dynamic but
there is another related issue here
people die every day in this country for
the lack of medical care without TV
cameras covering it if the government
does not act when economic inequality
deprives Americans of access to health
care why should it be news when the
government ignores a storm that has the
same effect a government that pulls our
collective resources and channels our
communal will for material good is one
reasonable responsible civic-minded news
media should pay attention to studies
like these another reason is that Puerto
Rico has still not recovered Hurricane
Maria and this year's hurricane season
started on Friday if you want to
understand why the puerto rican death
toll got so little attention from TV
news this week it's important to
consider who's doing their talking take
the big Network News Sunday morning
programs when they announced their
roster of American political guests it
looked like this this week on ABC
National Economic Council director Larry
Kudlow Face the Nation on CBS Ohio
Governor John Kasich and Texas
congressman will heard Meet the Press on
NBC
Rudy Giuliani personal lawyer to
President Trump
note no female politicians no members of
the Democratic Party literally the only
voices Sunday from American politics
came from the narrow sliver of humanity
then consists of straight male
Republicans
with the exception of congressman Hurd
who is 40 everyone else was a
millionaire who has reached retirement
age diversity matters not just for
diversity of opinion but for diversity
of subject matter when none of your
political guest is Hispanic
it's far easier to get away with
avoiding any mention of Puerto Rico when
none of your political yessir women is
far easier to get away with neglecting
to discuss that the Equal Rights
Amendment is now just one state short of
ratification the need for diversity
transcends the need for equal justice
and representation diversity helps
guarantee that news aimed at all of us
in fact serves all of us if the stories
covered are not money of those that are
interesting to TV news producers but a
real importance to real people's lives
and diversity on screen and often
actually makes it easier for journalists
to tell those stories in a way that
makes them interesting even to TV news
producers now I want to talk about shame
and America coming up next
hey Dave as you can probably see Skype
froze frozen crash you know I was
watching I'm launching that documentary
on the Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam doing live TV
as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese huts and it didn't crash and
that was 1965 and who's in Vietnam look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's you cannot
in
sit on the sidelines of history
finally tonight I look at our nation
today and feel great pride in so many
ways and in so many people and yet that
pride must compete with a powerful gut
level feeling of shame for make no
mistake we are in a moment of deep and
abiding shame and that shame must belong
to all of us when we learn our American
history there is so much of which to be
justly proud but the nobleness of our
great democratic experiment has also
been marred by stark failures where the
chasm between the idealism of our
founding documents and the reality of
our laws and policies are and should be
a cause of deep shame for all the talk
of all men are created equal we allowed
men women and children to be bought sold
beaten raped and lynched in the name of
white supremacy we worked out entire
tribes of native peoples from their land
and from our nation we discriminated
against immigrants due to their
nationality religion and race we
interned patriotic japanese-americans
and ruined lives with anti-communist and
anti-gay witch hunts we exported workers
and despoil the environment time and
again we have reacted with callousness
when we needed compassion these sins of
the past and many others remain with us
now
but I read the paper or hear the
president is apologist speak I see an
era where a shame is once again a proper
response who are we
we Americans that we separate parents
from children seeking asylum that we
claim a president is like a king or some
potentate above the law and that we turn
our backs on science and reason it is
shameful and history will surely see it
as much
but even in times of shame there's been
another American response leaders have
risen up and said we cannot allow this
to be we must feel this shame and
channel it into action for out of shame
has come an engine for the improvement
of our country I filled that energy once
more I see many who refuse to be blinded
by the moment they speak with the moral
justice of our history and I truly
believe are determined to deliver us a
better future let us hope with that I
leave you for this new cycle the Young
Turks is next and we'll be back with the
news at this same place in time 5:30
Eastern every Monday until then dan
Rather reporting stay steady
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be Kepler always seem to happen it
takes to crowd the best sales force out
there is Merrill Lynch and now it goes
to being at a it's pretty amazing
amazing we're going to see a
stabilization and just a tremendous
snapback the Occupy Wall Street movement
is not it's not a spontaneous protest
against economic inequality this is what
we mean by the establishment press it is
a well thought out a well thought out
campaign to bring down the
infrastructure rupture of this puncher
the embarrassment is that I'm giving
credibility in this world because of the
disappointment that the public has and
what the news media does
I perform a chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them is to do everything that we
can without going to war
so here you say to your critics don't
fight my Democratic critics who say you
know what your is really just a
socialist pacifist
I very rarely read in any coverage of
Bernie that he's a socialist Bernie
Sanders is a socialist for god sake most
analysts are saying that Hillary
Clinton's gonna win in a landslide I
continue to believe mr. Trump will not
be President got Trump at 279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight back
yeah 300 million is a pretty good and
I'm a pretty good number I were doing a
press release on and I got all worked up
and I said okay well that supplies the
size of the US population you know what
our next target is besides the entire
world under Road this six billion
although by the time we hit it'll
probably be seven maybe eight billion
not a big deal a couple of days ago on
the TYT Network we passed a billion you
know that's a big freakin deal two
billion you what now
sorry what do we do two billion two
billion they said it couldn't be done
but it was done we just crossed five
billion views on YouTube let me imagine
ten years ago thinking one day you like
are you nuts
fill your field they said you couldn't
do it you can't change the media don't
try well here we are we're changing the
media thank you thank you thank you
you
