so in California we have something
called a jungle primary that is where
you can have everybody running doesn't
matter they're all in the same primary
Republicans Democrats independents etc
and the top two advanced to the general
election so it could be two Democrats as
it was in the last Senate race it was
common law Harris versus Loretta Sanchez
both Democrats one a little bit more
progressive than the other and I gave
people a real choice that they preferred
rather than a Democrat versus Republican
because Republicans are not very popular
here in California on the other hand now
some are concerned that this is gonna
hurt the Democratic Party in California
so we're gonna get into why here so I'm
gonna go to our number of articles here
they're from the hill and Huffington
Post but understand that almost everyone
is right about it for writing about it
from the same perspective and one that I
think is at least a little skewed and a
little wrong and I'll explain why so
first go to the hill Doug was shown
writing the chances for Democrats in the
November midterms may be imperiled by a
lack of unity a shift in national
sentiment and the structure of
California's general primary so I think
the lack of unity argument is total
nonsense I'll get it on in a second but
a little bit more on the jungle primary
so in most races if you have about the
same amount of Republicans or Democrats
running in a state like California which
is blue that will definitely be to the
advantage of the Democrats because that
likely have two Democratic candidates
going into the general election which is
if you're not used to it it's kind of
amazing right now in some rare cases it
could be that a district that is
predominantly Democratic can have a
whole host of Democrats running 20
Democrats running and only two or three
Republicans running and even though the
Republicans are in the minority there
are two candidates get enough votes for
only those two to move on and all the
Democrats are shut out because they
split the vote in too many different
ways it is theoretically possible is
this something that we should go nuts
over as I think almost all the national
media is no and I think there's an
alternative and
for a motive an ulterior motive if you
will okay and I'll explain that as we go
on here I'm gonna go back to showing at
the hill he writes with so many new
candidates entering the field the party
likes a real uniting message and it will
likely lead to an unpredictable outcome
the Democrats are struggling to set
themselves apart with a unified message
to voters well okay that actually could
be really easily solved what is the
progressive message does anyone really
disagree with the progressive messages
have met Medicare for all because even
the corporate Democrats say well if we
could if we could I mean we can because
we have to agree with the Republicans
and we have to agree with our donors but
if we could we would do single-payer
okay so that's the unified message so
are you guys gonna run on that no no
we're not no way no way well who doesn't
agree the Democratic Party doesn't agree
the establishment Democrats don't agree
the corporate Democrats don't agree and
I can go down the whole list legalizing
marijuana you poll progressives
massively in favor are we gonna run on
that nope nope again the Democratic
Party doesn't agree we would have a much
stricter line on gun control if the
voters were in charge is that a
Democratic Party no they don't agree
remember the Democratic Party recently
put out a memo to their candidates
saying don't talk about gun control
after the massacres oh Jesus Christ in
every instance so far in this election
cycle the Democratic Party if they had
if they have weighed in on a primary
whether it's the DNC the d-triple-c or
any other part of the Democratic Party
have always in every case make picked
the more conservative Democrat they have
never picked the more progressive
Democrat never so how am I supposed to
unify with people that do the opposite
of what they claim is their stated
purpose they claim that they want to get
money out of politics for example party
so what are they support in every single
case they support the candidate taking
corporate PAC money and lobbyist money
and they oppose the ones that are
uncorrupted that won't take corporate
PAC money there now their rationale is
I need a lot of money - money money
money money that's the only thing they
could ever win a race so that's why I
have to go ask my corporate friend said
of course I gotta pay him back I mean
Lockheed Martin needs another contract
don't they and so do all the
pharmaceutical companies but why don't
you unify behind my pro corporate
message the answer is hell no to that so
part of this hysteria is about get a
line in California the Republic Rattray
party has backed some candidates in
primaries they're almost all uniformly
three things in this order they can
either sell finance or have a lot of
rich friends that's priority number one
through 19 okay all the ones they backed
are rich and know a lot of rich people
and again their excuses what we need oh
we do we need the body we can't do
without the money we can't do it those
small dollars no getting money out of
politics no no no no money money money
money money that's number one number two
is former Republican they love former
Republicans am i saying you should ban
old former Republicans no I'm a former
Republican hey but I loved a long time
ago some of the guys they're backing
left like three months ago left the
Republican Party when there was an
opportunity to run as a Democrat
probably with the same views number
three thing that they look for is
veteran nothing wrong with veterans
bless their hearts but they're obsessed
it's gotta be a veteran there's got to
be a veteran especially in Southern
California okay so they're backing a guy
into 50th district that's placing 5th
he's in fifth place but they're pouring
tons of money into him and fighting
against the guy who is a second-place it
will make the runoff who's very
progressive that's coppa a markup in a
jar they're like no no no amar doesn't
take corporate money well he out raised
your guy even with all your corrupt
money backing him nope nope nope nope
nope unity well where's your goddamn
unity so please spare me the crocodile
tears about unity because you guys are
not in favor of it and they showed by
the way it's not just a Mars race where
he's clearly the lead among the
Democrats Applegate nearly beat ice so
we're gonna talk more about that race
that's the 49th District why don't you
back Applegate he's got more money and
he nearly beat I son chased them out of
Congress nope nope no but he's not
corrupt won't do it yeah he won't use
our consultants and he won't
take corporate pac money so we're gonna
pour money into his opponents and then
you're gonna cry about unity you're
gonna cry about the jungle primary well
whose fault is that it's your fault but
by the way none of these articles point
that out there's no blame for the
Democratic Party other than why didn't
they try the progressives out why did
they drive them out okay so you see
where the mainstream media is coming
from okay so now let's go to the 49th
District there's two Republicans there
one and ice is gone so they're looking
to replace them but the that is likely
to be a democratic pickup if there's a
Democratic in that candidate in that
race the two Republicans are Harkey and
Chavez so harkey's apparently doing well
he's almost certainly according to the
polling going to move on to the general
election and that's fine
it's a Republican health seat there'll
be a Republican that's in that general
election right the question is will a
second Republican make it or one of the
Democrats so let's go to the explanation
from HuffPost here are key who's the
leading Republican is now considered a
lock to advance to the general but there
are four Democrats battling for the
second spot alongside Chavez the other
Republican businessman and veteran Paul
Kurt retired colonel Doug Applegate
environmental lawyer Mike Levin and
Sarah Jacobs a former Hillary Clinton
campaign aide and now Jacobs has a ton
of money behind her her family's got a
fortune so they decided to buy that seed
so the forty-ninth
is a perfect example where they should
have unified behind Applegate it was
literally the closest election in 2016
in the whole country not in California
the whole country he only lost two I
said by 1600 votes
afterwards isotonix and leaves congress
so why not Applegate because he's a
progressive cuz he's a progressive and
then they cry about unity please please
please
okay by the way there is no disputing
that there's no dispute of that he he
was the candidate that nearly knocked
off eisah and in the beginning before
all the corporate PACs came in he had a
huge money raising advantage too because
he had a lot of small donors already he
doesn't in corporate PAC money he
already had name recognition he'd
already run that race he already had
experience and by the way he's even a
veteran he's a colonel right
it's everything that every branding
party should love no no nope why does it
he get out of the race are you insane
why would he get out of the race
well he didn't bow his head to the
corporate overlords why doesn't he get
out and then the rest of the media is
like oh yeah mmhmm yeah they should
everybody else should get out other than
the ones the Democratic Party supports
are you kidding me
okay now it's go stay with HuffPost talk
about the money
a wave of spending at least eight
million dollars this is all going in
just in the California primary races
eight million dollars from the
Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee Priorities USA PATRIOT
majority in the House Majority PAC pack
pack pack pack pack and guess who the
PACs are supporting in every instance
the more conservative Democrat in the
race guess whose Democratic Party
through the d-triple-c is supporting
every conservative in every race and I
would happen Democrats I thought you
said unify and don't fight each other in
the primaries don't spend money you're
gonna waste the money you need it for
the general election to be Republicans
all of a sudden your corporate asses are
on the line eight million dollars pour
it in
make sure you defeat the progressives
and Republicans you lose to them is
still fund raised don't worry about it
but defeat the progressives what
happened I thought you were going to
take sides all of a sudden eight million
dollars of corruption okay so more from
now than from Jesse Hunt he's with the
Republicans he represents the NRCC grain
of salt
and he called he's got but I think it's
an interesting perspective also same
Washington mindset so listen to this he
says the d-triple-c
again that's the Democrats in the House
by the way that's their campaign
committee in the house and the
d-triple-c and Nancy Pelosi super PAC
are lighting money on fire right now in
the hopes they can avert a catastrophe
in their most focused on area of the
country now what Jesse Hunt doesn't tell
you is that the catastrophe would be for
progressives to win and that's why Nancy
Pelosi and the d-triple-c are lighting
quote lighting their money on fire what
happened I thought you wanted to save it
for the Republicans I wanted to I
thought you wanted to keep your powder
dry did this Democrats brag about all
the time no nope no light it on fire
make sure the progressives are knocked
out okay and
hunt continues Republicans are an even
stronger position today after Democratic
candidates aired each other's personal
dirty laundry and battled over who is
most progressive now it's in his best
interest to talk about the dissension
within Democratic Party etc but wait a
minute Jesse hunt the Republicans do
vicious primaries they do it all the
time and I don't think it's hurt them
you don't think it's hurt them the
Republicans hold a house they hold the
Senate they hold the White House in
there let me take a look at the
presidential run in 2016 one side the
Democrats said it's got to be Hillier
it's got to be Hillary why won't burn II
get out and they drove the other three
out immediately barely had a primary now
Bernie mated it into a giant primary
which angered them to no end he thought
no primaries are the right way to go
they barely had any debates on the
Republican side they had a million
debates with 17 candidates what happened
I thought divisive primaries were
supposed to hurt him
no just like in the house just like in
the Senate strong primaries yes where
they attacked each other a lot helped
the Republicans it didn't hurt them it
is conventional wisdom in Washington and
it is utter horse crap it's not remotely
true Republicans are primary primary
each other for decades now and they have
grown stronger and stronger
it's all a ruse to make sure
progressives don't get any power I don't
know if you realize this yet the
Democratic Party of the national level
is not remotely progressive oh let's
resist Trump with what I slightly less
you know Chuck Schumer put out a tweet
the other day he's ahead of Democrats in
the Senate saying that he looks forward
to doing what after what he says is
gonna be democratic victories in the
fall he says he looks forward to
bipartisan compromise on health care
Jesus Christ resistance my ass okay now
back to the hill Douglas showing another
you know Washington mindset individual
here says this level of vitriol and
contention among Democrats is seriously
hurting their chances at flipping seats
and ultimately retaking the house in
November oh good I can't wait for the
data
and the polling that indicates that oh
right there are none none it's just BS
Washington conventional wisdom Democrats
if you just bow your heads
then everything is gonna be great how's
that working out for us by the way that
I already told you about the national
level at the state level as you know
they lost over a thousand seats in ten
years over a thousand seats sixty-nine
out of the 99 state legislatures are
Republicans now and your idea of just
bowing our heads to the idiots who run
the Democratic Party is somehow supposed
to get us more victories based on what
evidence none last quote from shown to
capitalize on the 2018 midterms the
Democrats in California must move
forward with a moderate and inclusive
platform that will bring voters of all
backgrounds to unify rather than divide
the party in other words just do what
the corporation's tell you okay be
moderate and work with the Republicans
what are the Republicans want all they
want is to serve their corporate donors
if I go half way towards them that means
I'm going half way towards corruption
no thank you here's an idea instead run
super strong populist progressives who
say yeah goddamn right we're gonna take
it on the bankers and the
military-industrial complex and the
corrupt pharmaceutical companies and
we're actually gonna look out for you
the boater
and we're gonna not take any of that
corporate money so you know we're honest
and we serve you guys that is gonna work
much better and of course everybody in
Washington with their pocketbooks on the
line is going No don't do that then what
if they don't give us money and we are
out of a job from your mouth to God's
ears I hope to god you're all out of
jobs very very soon and voters in
California you could make that happen
whether it's supporting Allison Hartson
for the Senate race a true progressive
or applegate or Rosa Calderon Orca foreo
or so many others that are wonderful in
this race please check out just
Democrats calm to see who the
uncorrupted are and who
the true progressives are and not just
in California but in all the states that
are coming up tomorrow it's June 5th in
New Mexico New Jersey so many other
states are running and so many
candidates in those states as well or go
to your local progressive group that you
trust our revolution P Tripp will see a
Working Families Party
we actually unify all the time after
primaries we get behind one another's
candidates that's real unity not the
enforced unity where the corporations
rule us all don't believe the hype go
vote tomorrow two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
