all right well hey Casper's bag how you
doing good how are you guys rock and
roll rock and roll sister love that
answer how are you guys rock and roll
so Brenda orlick's my new bud on the on
the post games mm-hmm don't like 18 in a
row I think we're gonna do another one
today I don't know so he's my in my kids
school there's big buddies and little
buddies and George is super excited when
her big buddies coming in from fifth
grade oh okay so Brett's become my buddy
anyways okay we get hell of a show today
we got crazy Saturday rabies story we
got a crazy Israel story we have a crazy
Ted Cruz story broken by oh not a big
deal TYT okay so you're gonna love that
Melania feels maligned there's something
there
there's hashtag Melania look Melania in
my my view has been off-limits you know
as first lady she didn't want any of
this
she got dragged into it and I hate
watching people criticize her for
ridiculous things but today is the day
she's gonna get it she going yet now all
right we'll look justified criticism
yeah look who did she you think she was
she married Donald Trump okay anyways
leave it a little bit later okay
speaking of Trump if you think we're not
gonna talk about Kanye you're very wrong
okay so but here's the drama involved in
that I've changed my mind on Calle what
is hmm okay
so III don't know anybody who's more
critical of Kanye West than me I ranked
him as one of the most unintelligent
people on in America after an incredible
ridiculous performance in the Oval
Office I have actually totally changed
my mind
I'm the only one going the opposite
direction as everyone else
but I'll explain why and I think it's
really important so and we got a lot of
clips from Kanye and and it's I think
super relevant to the state of the
country that that oval office meeting
happened okay so we'll get to that a
little bit later in the program
obviously if you remember said you get
the old show you get a commercial free
uh-huh tea y-t-dot-com /join alright
let's go to the Saudis go all right
a Saudi journalist and also a Saudi
dissident his name is Jamal Khashoggi
has gone missing after he visited the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul now as I
mentioned he had decided to leave Saudi
Arabia after he criticized the Saudi
royals and apparently when he went to
this consulate in Istanbul he went
specifically to get a document in order
to marry his Turkish fiancee and been
missing since now investigators argue
that he is dead however the Saudi
government is arguing that no that is
not the case the Turkish investigators
have concluded that he's dead the Saudi
government maintains that he left the
consulate on October 2nd and is not in
their custody now the Saudis have not
provided any evidence of that and so far
surveillance from the consulate does not
show him leaving after he had gone there
to get the documents he needed to marry
his fiancee now khashoggi a Saudi
citizen has been living in self-imposed
exile in the United States since last
year he visited the Saudi consulate and
in Savile to collect a document that
would allow him to marry his Turkish
fiancee but was told that he would have
to return so he actually left went to a
conference in London and then returned
to the consulate at the time that was
specified now this is where things start
to get very strange and incredibly
devastating if you're to believe what
the Turkish investigation has found so a
senior Turkish official said that within
two hours of his arrival
mr. khashoggi was killed by a team of
Saudi agents who dismembered his body
with a bone saw
they brought for that very
purpose and there were chartered flights
that contained Saudi officials as many
as 15 Saudi officials that came from
Saudi Arabia to this Saudi consulate in
Istanbul 15 Saudi agents had arrived on
two charter flights last Tuesday the day
that mr. khashoggi disappeared and this
is according to the Turkish official who
did speak to the press on the condition
of anonymity all 15 left just a few
hours later and Turkey has now
identified the roles that most or all of
them held in the Saudi government or
security services one was an autopsy
expert presumably there to help
dismember the body now I want to be
clear about something there are
conflicts in the various accounts and
stories coming forward this is what
we're hearing from the Turkish side of
the story we have no proof or evidence
at the moment but with that said from
from what I gather in this story what
the investigators are telling us seems
to make the most sense all right well
look so here's some important context we
shared some of it with you yesterday but
first of all the the Turkish government
is having issues with the Saudi
government that should be noted and it
is very important context they're more
on the side of Qatar and Qatar and has
been beefing if you will with Saudi
Arabia and UAE so there's some
diplomatic bad feelings there if there
weren't I don't know the Turkish
government would be this vigilant in
following up with this crime is showing
you all the gory details if that is true
but secondly the American government
with the notable exception of Donald
Trump which we'll get to in a second has
been fairly outraged by this now the
American government is allied with Saudi
Arabia and so if they're outraged by it
there's some pretty good chance that
they think that the Saudis did it okay
and that would be very very relevant so
for me what what kind of swayed me on
the side of of believing what the
Turkish investigators have found is is
what we've seen through US intelligence
intercepts right so I want to give you
the information on that real quick
let's go to graphic 7 so according to
the Washington Post us intelligent
intercept
obtained by the post showed the
operation was ordered by the Saudi
Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
now the crown prince has had issues with
this journalist because this journalist
has been highly critical of him which is
why he was living in the United States
due to his own self-imposed exile and so
if these intercepts say what the
Washington Post claims they say it
appears that you know the Saudi
officials under the direction of the
Saudi Arabian Crown Prince did go after
this journalist the question is did they
really murder him or did they simply
abduct him so look some things are
indisputable to show you was part of the
inner circle of the Saudi government and
they felt that he betrayed them so it's
like in the case of the poisoning in the
UK with the Russians Russian agent that
flipped on Putin gets poison in the
middle of the UK gee I wonder who did it
I mean it wasn't the Norwegians okay so
in this guy it's a they so they felt
particularly betrayed by Khashoggi they
tried to lure him these are undisputed
facts they try to lure him back into
Saudi Arabia with fake promises of jobs
and forgiveness etc and he he didn't buy
it and thought that was a trap he was
right about that we apparently had
information that they were the Saudis
were trying to capture him we did not
warn khashoggi who was a Washington Post
columnist living in Virginia but we
didn't warn him so that was a terrible
mistake I think by the US government and
then we know he went at the consulate
and we know he did not come out so
that's not a good fact pattern for the
Saudis so where is he I mean right now
the crown prince might be in the middle
of writing a book if I did it this is
how he did it right and and I'm sure
he's looking for the real killer but if
if they didn't kill him we'd like to see
him right and so far nobody's seen him
since exactly so now the latest update
to the story has been the reaction from
the US government and so of course there
has been a lot of attention paid to what
Trump has had to say about this now if
you can recall or
in his term trump had signed a deal with
Saudi Arabia in order to sell weapons to
the Saudis in fact to give you details
in May Trump signed a multi-billion
dollar arms agreement with Saudi Arabia
worth 110 billion dollars immediately
and three hundred fifty billion dollars
over ten years which would supply Saudi
Arabia with tanks missile defense
systems and fighter jets and so the big
question was well it appears that the
Saudi Royals have done something
horrible here so doesn't it make sense
to halt the sale of weapons to Saudi
Arabia and here's what Trump had to say
in response to that I don't like
stopping massive amounts of money that's
being poured into our country and I know
they're talking about different kinds of
sanctions but they're spending a hundred
and ten billion dollars on military
equipment and on things that create jobs
like jobs and others for this country I
don't like the concept of stopping an
investment of a hundred and ten billion
dollars into the United States
because you know what they're going to
do they're gonna take that money and
spend it in Russia or China or someplace
else so I think there are other ways if
it turns out to be as bad as it might be
there are certainly other ways of
handling this situation but I will tell
you upfront right now and I'll say it in
front of senators they're spending a
hundred and ten billion dollars
purchasing military equipment and other
things if we don't sell it to them
they'll say well thank you very much
we'll buy it from Russia or thank you
very much we'll buy it from China that
doesn't help us but as to whether or not
we should stop a hundred and ten billion
dollars from being spent in this country
knowing they have four or five
alternatives two very good alternatives
that would not be acceptable today so I
just want to make a quick sidenote Jenk
before you jump in remember that one of
the biggest issues that Trump and
Republicans specifically have with Iran
is that hey you know what the Iran
nuclear deal isn't enough Iran is you
know sponsoring terrorism throughout the
world they're also taking place in proxy
wars including Syria for
instance Yemen another example and I
think that that's a legitimate criticism
but isn't the United States engaging in
very similar activity if we're supplying
Saudi Arabia with weaponry like this
knowing that they're there committing
these types of crimes against humanity I
don't know
well they would say oh my god how could
you dare you compare those two things
Hezbollah from time to time has killed
civilians and what has sounder arabia
done again in yemen killed thousands
upon thousands of civilians displaced
millions of people but at Trump's logic
is who cares we're making money off of
it now what he doesn't tell you is I
mean he disguises it as almost all
politicians do to be fair in terms of oh
we're creating jobs in America yeah
you're also creating a lot of money than
the defense contractors give you and
almost all the Republicans and by the
way a lot of the Democrats so they're
among the top campaign contributors and
they spread that political bribes all
throughout the political class so that's
why the political I'm we're gonna
release I mean those guys the write me
checks they write me checks really gonna
stop it over some other dude that they
kill they didn't kill me they killed
that guy
so now to be fair that some of the
politicians including Republican
politicians nonetheless have been tough
on Saudi Arabia and I want to applaud
him for that but not Trump Trump is all
about the money his own and and and he
just looks at it from that point of view
look one more thing under his logic what
we're making money that means we could
sell weapons to anybody including Iran
he said well I mean Iran could get a
from Russia there you get it from China
they might as well get over Maz let's
make some money right but we don't do
that we go never know why should offer
sell weapons to Iran or Hezbollah or
anyone else exactly under that logic we
can give the North Korea I mean Trump
might be but but no there are some
countries you should not sell weapons to
if they show complete disregard for
human life so civilians and the you know
rule of law on the other hand there is
another leader who shows total disregard
for rule of law exactly and and
disregard for human life is really the
more the more devastating point here
because remember Trump
is the President of the United States
and in this particular case he shows a
clear disregard for human life I mean he
seems to be completely uninformed about
a khashoggi who he is where he lived why
he lived there I'll give you an example
of that just take a look at the next
video where he seems to be unaware of
where to show you is living video -
first I want to find out what happened
and we're looking again just took place
in Turkey and to the best of our
knowledge Khashoggi is not a United
States citizen is that right it's
permanent resident okay so again he was
living in the United States he was a
permanent resident and it was a
self-imposed exile because of fear of
retaliation from the Saudis Hey look
you're about to go on national
television minute of homework you're
about to say hey I don't care that they
dismembered a Washington Post columnist
living in Virginia who was a permanent
resident can you find out where did he
live but what you see like what the
first question I would ask I would
assume that you would ask is hey wait is
a US citizen that's a fair question
right he's a US citizen we got more
interest in it I wish it weren't the
case and we should care about all human
beings but that makes sense he's the
president of America is here he didn't
bother asking visa citizen he's a good
good was he is he a citizen dude ask the
questions before you go in front of the
cameras do one minute of homework and so
we're talking about a hundred like
hundreds of billions of dollars on one
hand and a Washington Post reporter on
the other like why would he care I mean
that's that's that's the if that's not
what he believes or what he genuinely
thinks it's certainly coming across that
way and can I just say Anna sorry
interrupt I mean he calls the Washington
Post and other report out --let's media
outlets enemy of the people
yes so like we did a story on it
yesterday Geraldo Rivera said was
outraged by it
outraged by what I mean the guy says
that their press is the enemy of the
people Gerardo I don't know if you know
this you're part of the press kind of
right
and so is it that much of a stretch to
go from any of the enemy of the people
to killing them
they're the enemy of the people that's
exactly the category that the government
targets so now in this case it's our
press but the Saudi government
considered him an enemy of the people
so it appears they killed him and as
Trump look concerned well it if that
wasn't enough evidence for you we have
one more video
you know regarding his thoughts on the
Saudis specifically take a look it's a
state with us-saudi relations sir I
would say they're excellent I've told
them they've got to pay for that
military you know Saudi Arabia has a
it's a very rich country okay so you
know what the priorities are you know in
another part of that insane Fox and
Friends conversation they asked him did
you talk to the Saudis about Khashoggi
and he said well I can't I can't talk
about that but yes what you just did you
just talked about it okay
I I don't I don't know I don't feel
hopeless with this guy yeah so look of
course he's not gonna defend the press
seeds of course he's not gonna
difference and and if he's gonna do
anything you know I mean like if you're
the Saudi government and you just
dismember this guy if right and you just
saw Trump go well I care more about the
money the money there are a very rich
country right and what did you just hear
you just heard green light you thought
well they probably we probably had the
green light ahead of time he hates the
press he all he cares about his money
he's our big allied and and you know
we're buttering him up on his personal
fortune as well
and and and apparently US intelligence
knew that they were gonna take some
action against khashoggi and you're said
nothing green light green light green
light
afterwards still when it comes to Trump
green light do whatever you like kill
whoever you like as long as you keep
paying us and particularly me and my
party well there are some senators that
do deserve some credit for speaking out
against what's going on some of those
senators are actually Republican so
let's get to that angle of this story
following news of a Saudi journalist
disappearance this is Jamal Khashoggi
the Saudi journalists who self-exiled
here to the United States and was a
reporter at The Washington Post a number
of US senators spoke out many of which
believe that maybe we need to rethink
our relationship with the Saudis if
they're engaging in this type of
behavior one of those senators is
Republican Lindsey Graham let's take a
look at what he has to say I went into
the embassy never came out and gave his
fiance his phone most people would have
come out to get the phone back doctor
their fiance so this doesn't add up how
hard is this where is the guy and if
this man was murdered and the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul that would cross
every line of normality in their
international community if it did happen
there would be hell to pay okay so we're
the fairest show in America I can't
stand Lindsey Graham he's a huge war
monger let alone what he did in
Cavanaugh hearings but that is right and
but I'll give him further credit on this
issue he is a huge ally of Israel and
Saudi Arabia Lindsey Graham has
historically and so he's not speaking
out like if it was Iran easy layup he's
like yes let's go to war right but it's
not it's an ally of ours that he has
helped conduct other wars so he so he is
actually being genuine there and and
that's and principled so it's good to
know let's see how long it lasts right
well we give credit where credit is due
exactly but and I also want to mention
that there were qualifiers in his
statements if the Saudis did it there's
a lot of ifs right that's okay that
that's fine sure it's okay but remember
there's a lot of pressure on the US
government right now in response to this
story and so it's very easy to initially
say one thing and then not follow it
with actual you know with actions and so
that's the one thing I'm kind of
concerned with now 22 senators so far
have signed a letter to Donald Trump
asking him to really look into this and
rethink our relationship with Saudi
Arabia
so that's a good first step I'm just
saying it's important for us to hold
these senators feet to the fire and not
just feel appeased as soon as they say
one thing no no I hear they're gonna do
an order an FBI investigation of it but
only for a week and then even less than
a week and they're gonna talk to nine
people and then wrap it up so though by
the way it's actually worse than that
kidding aside they are asking the Saudis
the US government is asking the Saudis
to investigate themselves well I'm sure
that'll solve it so but here Graham
speaking at look I said look if Israel
and Saturday would continue to be strong
allies I would be surprised if these
senators didn't drop it within a week
but it I'd be super happy to be wrong
and I'll come out and tell you guys and
I'm not even wrong like surprised by
that right so I'm giving them credit for
now but of course we'll follow up
exactly now bob corker another
republican spoke out as well so I wanted
to show you his reaction to all this
take a look there's a tape of him going
on the Intel points
thinking about this in advance I mean I
think they did it and unfortunately I
think that he's deceased
so that's strong words from corker I
think they did it and and he might have
seen intelligence that we haven't seen
so that does not look good
I can look if you're wondering why I
keep mentioning Israel because obviously
the US government both in Republican and
Democratic times say Israel is our
strongest ally
I think Israel's an ally I think it's
important I don't think it's our
strongest ally Canada UK etc but and
often causes this trouble but I'm giving
you in the context of Washington there
is no more important ally and Israel and
Saudi Arabia I've been working together
for a long long time so if an Israel
when I mean look look at what happened
that in Yahoo and during the Obama years
the the he was against the policy of the
United States government Netanyahu was
and that Congress and bipartisan
standing ovation after standing ovations
if Netanyahu says back off and they
don't back off I'll give them all the
credit in the world so so far we don't
know where Israel stands on this
particular issue that's why we're saying
hold a week let's see if they keep
talking like this exactly and then I
want to be clear that it's not just
Republican senators that are speaking
out we have Democratic lawmakers as well
Chris Murphy is one of them so just one
quick video from Senator Murphy and
we'll talk about that as well take a
look if Saudi Arabia took a u.s.
resident worden into a consulate and
killed him it's time for the United
States to rethink our military political
and economic relationship with Saudi
Arabia so again strong words and it's
credit where credit is due
one last guy another guy I often
criticize Rand Paul he was the first to
jump out on this issue I agree with them
and say look Saturday who's been doing
this kind of nonsense for a long time
and there's no reason to back there the
wholesale slaughter in Yemen let alone
what happened at khashoggi so he's been
leading on that issue so give him credit
on that
and it's a rare time that he actually
lives up to his libertarian principles
and and look the reality is Saudi Arabia
has been working against our interest
for a long long time and a lot of times
it's covered up you know fifteen out of
the nineteen hijackers were Saudis bin
Laden was Saudi but we decided to attack
Afghanistan and Iraq instead so that
made no sense and everybody covered it
up that's why I'm surprised this story
is getting so much attention because
normally when Saudi Arabia does
wrongdoing which is almost all the time
the press doesn't care their politicians
don't care there's something weird going
on that's why I keep mentioning Israel I
wonder if there's a rift in their in
their alliance and that's why all of a
sudden when Saudi Arabia does something
wrong everybody's piling on I don't know
that at all I'm just telling you I'm
it's my analysis of the alliances in the
area that are usually relevant mean look
I'll give you one last example they the
Saudis excellent reporting in America
that they they funded the Sunni
insurgency against us in Iraq killed
that kills thousands of our troops
forget one Saudi citizen who's a
Washington Post columnist kills
thousands of our troops and the
politicians are like no no Saturday
everybody's great I don't know what
you're talking about right so yeah
there's something weird about this story
so this is just my guess like now we're
just kind of sharing our theories and
speculation but I think that this has a
lot to do with the current climate
toward journalists in general right and
also this was a Washington Post reporter
living in the United States I mean I
think that the press does have a lot
more power than then a lot of us
realized right and so if they decide
that this is a big story and they want
to draw attention to it then they're
gonna do it and I feel like the press
has done a decent job covering this
story whereas when it comes to other
issues involving Saudi Arabia and its
wrongdoings the press might cover it in
one or two stories and then they drop it
yeah you know excellent point Anna and
that just might be the simple
explanation
and so the Washington Post is all over
they killed one of their columnist right
and
so number one its it affects them but
number two they think well wait if we
let that stand exactly any one of us
could walk into any consulate and get
murdered and then is the u.s. gonna have
our back or or not we got columnist
reporters etc all across the world New
York Times obviously feels the same way
and a lot of the press too so yes they
it this might be driven by the press
more than the politicians like are you
going to literally let them kill us and
and so that's probably why it's getting
all the attention that it's getting but
don't get me wrong rightfully so we
cannot have our reporters walking in
their foreign embassies and getting
dismembered I know the world is
unraveling and we've got a lot of
dictators doing insane things but for
God's sake we've got to draw the line
somewhere and if they were finally
drawing the line on Saturday Arabia on
this fantastic yeah we got to take a
quick break we have some more
international news when we come back
including the story of an American
graduate student who has been detained
in Israel
all right back I know Turks first of all
Nord VPN you guys know about them you
know you're gonna save 66 percent over
to your membership if you go to no VPN
icon slash tyt they protect the things
that you look at on your computer that
is a thing you need protected and you
can connect up to six devices I've
connected three or four I keep losing
track
they've got military military-grade
encryption so make sense protect your
computer Nord VPN complex qaq or promo
code tyt okay now your comments smoother
writes in from the members section these
are all member section oh good a check
another thermometer see I was going T
y-t-dot-com sighs Joel okay smoother
writes in it's not a stretch to believe
Saturday Arabia would dismember someone
they stone people for no reason right I
forgot yeah it's like I literally forgot
about that and that's a great point it's
not like like whoa whoa dismembering
someone with a bone saw I mean they also
behead people so that's dismembering so
it's not for them for our context it's
insanity for their context it might be
relatively normal punishment okay Jamie
remember when Trump continuously went
after Clinton for being pro Saudi Arabia
pepperidge farm remembers Kate Jamie I
love that ending
that's an old commercial oh okay I was
like wait what whoops
okay stovetop I'm staying pepperidge
farm remembers time to make the donuts
okay I see you Jamie okay nice job these
random old tag lines brought to you by
the Young Turks okay doctor yeah chaos I
thought of that this morning maybe we'll
talk about in a post here but I got up
and I thought I can't get up so early
and I got to go to work right or into my
time to make the doughnuts anyway dr. KS
MD I'm sure Trump cares about the
weapons deal with the Saudis to some
degree however I'm sure the main reason
Trump isn't going to punish Saudi
leadership is because of the eight
businesses he registered there during
his campaign yep
excellent point and he doesn't want to
lose out on the money that goes straight
into his pocket when the Saudis stay at
his hotel and intentionally overpay for
their states that is an
another great point they do do that so
the salaries are very strong and how
they pay for my hotels right and
eclectic miscellanea last one says so
what was Saudi Arabia have to do for
Trump to decide that we had to cancel
those armed deals I know maybe someone
should tell him to Saudi Arabia donated
millions of dollars to the Clinton
Foundation soon Trump will be saying we
got to stop selling arms to the crooked
Saudis and investigate what they did to
that reporter by the way the reason he's
making that point is because the Saudis
gave millions to the Clinton Foundation
Saudis ain't nobody's fool in that
regard they're like will bribe the
Clintons and the Trump's why wouldn't we
buy both of them it's for them it's
pennies they found on a couch here a
couple of millions of the Clintons a
couple of million to Trump make it a
hundred million what difference does it
make for the billions that they get in
return all right let's do the next door
all right
the Israeli government has detained a
u.s. graduate student at its airport
this is a graduate student who has
grandparents from Palestine and the
Israeli government is justifying their
decision to detain her and also take
away her passport because they believe
that she is part of the Israeli boycott
movement so let me give you the details
on who this student is and how the
Israeli government is justifying this
her name is Laura al-qasim and she is a
22 year old American citizen with
Palestinian grandparents she landed at
the ben-gurion airport last week with a
valid student visa and was registered to
study human rights at Israel's Hebrew
University in Jerusalem
she was barred from entering the country
and ordered deported and this is all
based on suspicions that she supported a
palestinian LED boycott movement so this
is crazy she is going to remain in
detention as she awaits an appeal so the
appeal is supposed to take place at some
point this week possibly today but the
statement coming from the Israeli
government indicates that they think
this is completely justified they think
that she is a threat to their country
let me give you the statement this is
from Israel's
tgd affairs minister he says we are
doing whatever we believe that is right
for the security of the state of israel
and that is more important than whatever
the New York Times or other newspapers
around the world will say about our
policy again I just want to reiterate
that she is a 22 year old student who
wishes to study human rights at a
university in Israel at Hebrew
University yes okay so lots the note
here first off credit to so many people
in Israel fighting for her and in an
Jewish Americans here as well by the way
and this is shocking not just left-wing
that's totally surprising but right-wing
Israelis and Jewish Americans also
fighting for her here in America I'll
get to that in a second Hebrew professor
at University of Florida that she took
drawer robbing David said she had an
open positive attitude towards Judaism
Jews in the State of Israel and he's
stepping up to fight for her Hebrew
University itself with a vigorous
defense of her and then I was most
surprised by Brett Stevenson Barry Weiss
in New York Times with a vigorous
defense of her as well now the reason I
was very surprised by that is first of
all they themselves in that article
described themselves as unhinged
Zionists Wow
okay so well nice
honestly there and I appreciate that and
they prove it they later say that the
boycott divestment program is a thinly
veiled form of bigotry nonsense not
remotely true and that it is that a
boycotts of Jewish businesses have a
particularly foul pedigree and Nazi
Germany I understand the historical
reference they're making it in this
context of preposterous analogy so on
these are the guys I'm giving credit to
by the way okay so and and they said the
group that she was part of was connected
to America's for Muslims from Palestine
they say that that group is once the end
Israel's occupation and colonization of
Arab lands and hence it
is code words for dismantling the Jewish
state no it's not it's to end occupation
of the Palestinians so but even those
guys right even the right-wing Jewish
Americans that are deeply Zionists like
what are you guys doing don't don't put
her in prison that's not good that that
that doesn't show strength that shows
weakness and and this is totally running
amuck now and that's the problem with
the right wing government of Israel they
are going I mean when you know what
happens when you get further and further
the right wing and that's where they are
they've pretty much lost their minds so
this woman is ethnically Palestinians an
American okay so is there bigotry in by
the right wing government of israel
towards palestinians of course of course
there's anyone who debates that it's
just totally disingenuous but it's not
just palestinians by descent and birth
that they that they're holding up they
held up a kathryn frank a professor at
columbia and then deported her from
israel because she was a leader for a
Jewish Voice for Peace how dare you be
for peace I don't care if you're Jewish
or not they expelled from the country
Simone Zimmerman an American Jewish
activists who lives in Israel and
founder of if not now another person who
wants to end occupation these are
wonderful human beings they quizzed on
our quizzed her on our political views
including her views of Netanyahu what so
now what that means if you go to Israel
even if you're a Jewish it doesn't
nothing matters anymore if you're not in
favor of Netanyahu an extreme right-wing
or in charge of Israel today I guess
you're not welcome so no thank you
Israel not interested I'm not going to
Israel I think that if you are a left
winger it doesn't matter what your
background is at this point because of
the actions of this particular
government you'd be nuts to go to Israel
they're apparently gonna put you in
prison they're gonna deport you look I'm
one last one because it's amazing
there's a ton of them Peter Brian aren't
they did it - that's insanity
again another he's a left-wing Zionist
but a very clear scientist anyway Meyer
Coppola he is the chairman of Brandeis
University the university's board and a
pro-israel philanthropist but they found
a brush
or after he'd been in Israel in his bags
apparently gonna rifle through your bags
I'm gonna look at all your stuff to try
to see if you don't despise Palestinians
and then they're gonna say all right
we're gonna interrogate you because you
don't hate people all right so you know
what they did to him because he went and
had something that called this week in
Palestine because he is a the chairman
of Brandeis University's board he's
intellectually curious
he's a pro-israel philanthropist he
anyway they're like no how dare you try
to look into the Palestinians and they
interrogate him for hours at the airport
no they've lost their minds man whenever
there's a flare-up and violence between
the Israelis and the Palestinians the
argument that you hear from the pro
Netanyahu group is well look Israel yet
they might be using disproportionate
force against the Palestinians but
remember Israel's a true democracy no
it's not
alarum you can't argue that Israel
currently with this right-wing
government is exercising true democracy
if it goes after anyone who's
intellectually curious anyone who might
have mild criticism for the behavior of
the Israeli government a democracy is
supposed to welcome that type of
criticism it's supposed to allow for
information so people can make educated
informed decisions if Netanyahu and the
Israeli government is actively going
after people as innocent as a 22 year
old American student who wants to study
human rights in Israel then that's not a
democracy he's been held in detention
for over a week now they said no no we a
little let her out as soon as she says
that it is that she's totally disavowed
any of our previous policy positions by
the way her lawyer says she look she was
part of that group and she was a
president of the group to be fair but
but she never even held those particular
positions it was a group that held the
positions but if I was her I would never
back down from that and I look and if
you don't know Brandeis University is a
well-known Jewish University in America
you got Brandeis University in Hebrew
University on the right side okay
meaning the correct side okay and the
Israeli government's like no we don't
trust them oh come on look they've
totally lost their minds so you know
what they say and by the way the BDS
movement they're like no no
how dare you boycott us because that
might work wait that terrorism is
unacceptable I agree a hundred percent
with that it's immoral it's
counterproductive and it kills innocent
civilians but wait a minute if you don't
okay so the violence is not acceptable
that makes sense but non-violence is
also not acceptable
so what's acceptable acceptable apparent
position apparently is you have to go to
Israel and say yes you should occupy the
policy is forever they're not really
people you should do whatever you want
to crunch them and Netanyahu is right
about everything
no thank you that is not a democracy
that's not remotely a democracy by the
way as long as you continue the
occupation not remotely a democracy what
kind of democracy says Oh democracy for
me if you're the right religion right oh
we let some of the policies vote they
don't have quite the same rights in
Israel but how about the other bells
millions that you're occupying where is
their democracy no no nope
and if you disagree with us we'll put
you in prison okay so lastly why this
particular group why are they so
animated about this the one of the again
Gilad I heard on that Ana quoted earlier
he said that this group was one of the
most extreme and hate-filled anti
Israeli BDS groups in the u.s. whoa I
said okay now I'm curious like what did
they do did they say outrageous things
they apparently were in favor of a
boycott against Sabra hummus what did
you understand Sabra the hummus not
Hamas hummus they wanted a bike huh
boycott a dip and so they're like how
dare you i hate filled being against
home aside
no no no no this is them saying this
could work we we're gonna go nuclear on
on the boycott movement because that
because economic actions work they
worked against south africa they worked
in egypt during their the egyptian
revolution when everybody went on strike
that is if you hit people in their
pocketbook no matter who they are and
where they live that is the most
effective thing that is why they're so
deathly afraid of the BDS movement that
they think boycotting hummus is extreme
and hateful
no no and by the way last thing guys if
you care at all about Israel and you
shut down any of efforts to go to the
United Nations and to do things in a
non-violent fashion
what does that leave that only leaves
violence is an option it's a terrible
idea it's a terrible idea that's gonna
lead to perpetual war but that's exactly
what the right wing feeds off no matter
which country they're in they think we
think perpetual war is a problem they
think it's the solution that's what it
allows them to keep power it's gross and
look if I was her it's easy for me to
say she she wants to study at Hebrew
University and she got in and set her
and she wants to live her life based on
that but if I was I would never live in
a country that doesn't believe in
democracy like this right I mean if
they're willing to do this to people
like her I mean I would be what I
personally would be worried about my
safety if they have their sights set on
people who want to engage in nonviolent
protests they want to retaliate against
them like this no no I mean think about
how authoritarian Israel's become
because of this video alone I probably
now cannot go to Israel what kind of
country is that certainly would not want
I wouldn't I would you risk it I'm not
risking it going into those right wing
lunatics hands and they throw you in
prison for disagreeing with Netanyahu
and interrogate you no thank you it's
like if you came here you're like hey I
don't like Dick Cheney oh you're going
to president we're gonna interrogate you
etc I I i think the Trump is wrong on
the tariffs how dare are you extremists
etc and we're gonna kick you out it's
just no even Trump doesn't do that
that's how crazy it is so and by the way
all the right-wingers here I gave credit
to the good guys who spoke up and even
people I genuinely disagree with
I'm curious ben shapiro and others dave
rubin all those guys who's a free speech
free speech that's such a good point so
are you in favor of her free speech I
don't know maybe they are maybe they're
gonna be principled about this and Barry
Weiss can do it there's no reason why
Shapiro and Dave Rubin shouldn't be on
the side of her are you in favor of
allowing BDS movement overall or
you are you in favor of laws they're
trying to pass here in America they and
that movement and punish people and
economically and otherwise for speaking
their minds it I assume that if you're
actually in favor of free speech that
you would say no anyone should be
allowed to say anything regarding BDS
movement and boycotting Israel and that
week I don't know about Israel but this
is America and we live in a free country
is that your opinion ben shapiro
i i'm curious sorry i hear you love to
get paid on college campuses and has you
love free speech but does that apply to
everyone else some you know what we
should have people asking let's find out
and hey I don't know maybe he'll be
principled good luck we got to take a
quick break let's do that and when we
come back a pretty explosive story from
TYT investigates
