according to Donald Trump administration
staffers both current and former who
recently spoke to The Washington Post
Donald Trump doesn't understand anything
about immigration policy here in the
United States and more importantly
according to these staffers he doesn't
even understand where and what the
border between the United States and
Mexico actually is now keep in mind this
is a guy who's built his entire campaign
and his administration on sending people
back over the border and according to
these staffers he doesn't know where it
is he doesn't know what it is he just
knows that he wants a wall along it so
we can start throwing people back into
Mexico over that wall furthermore
Homeland Security Secretary Kirsten
Nielsen they've said that she is not a
fan of Donald Trump's wall ideas she
doesn't like it and her job has become
basically impossible because she's
trying to teach Donald Trump what
immigration policy is in the United
States because staffers say that he
doesn't even know what that is
and he's just getting mad at her because
he wants her to deport more people
faster they have described Donald Trump
as being obsessed with immigration here
in the United States and as if the story
couldn't get any worse here it goes
getting worse back in 2017 when Donald
Trump was about to give his first joint
speech to a joint session of Congress
excuse me he met in the Oval Office
before the meeting or speech with Jared
Kushner
and Stephen Miller and there were a few
staffers present as well Miller and
Kushner actually managed to get Donald
Trump to soften his rhetoric a little
bit about immigrants before he gave this
speech apparently he wanted to go in
there and according to the staffers who
were present he wanted to make up
Hispanic sounding names then associate
them with some made-up crime and then
say that they had been deported because
he thought the crowd would cheer wildly
Donald Trump had
host:2 Kushner and Miller who for some
reason had a stroke of a you know
lucidity for a moment decided to talk
him out of it but the president wanted
to lie to Congress make up fake people
fake crimes and a fake deportation just
to see if they would give him cheers
like he gets at his rally everything the
president says is a lie I don't believe
a word that comes out of this man's
mouth and neither should you neither
should anybody in this country next time
he gives a rally and says that oh yeah
we deported some guy who killed this
person and he was Hispanic don't believe
it we have evidence now we have
witnesses that he literally makes this
stuff up and he runs it by his staff to
see if they like it apparently according
to the people in that room Kushner and
Miller both laughed at the possibility
of him doing this but they ultimately
stopped him I know a lot of think pieces
have come out since the election saying
Donald Trump won because of the economic
anxiety of you know Midwestern voters
that's not what it was ladies and
gentlemen we know what Donald Trump is
all about we know why he is obsessed
with deporting dark-skinned people we
don't even have to say it because we all
know exactly what it is that is what
Donald Trump built his campaign on that
is what energized the all right and that
is why the alt-right feels so powerful
today because they know that they've got
a guy in the White House who thinks the
same way they do and hates the same kind
of people that they hate
