not too long ago the surprise
announcement came that Donald Trump
would be meeting with the leader of
North Korea June 12th
Singapore be there pay-per-view and then
it got cancelled abruptly and we said at
the time hold maybe it'll come back and
now Donald Trump announces today let's
watch we'll be meeting on June 12th and
Singapore what very well it's really get
to know you kind of a situation Mike has
spent two days doing this we've gotten
to know their people very well and I
think it'll be a process it's not I
never said it goes in one meeting I
think it's gonna be a process but the
relationships are building and that's a
very positive thing so that came about
as a result of him meeting with a
high-level deputy of the North Korean
government so we have the meeting and
then we didn't and now we do but there's
still a couple of weeks so don't don't
place any bets just yet such a good
reality show know who did next week
I think he should have handed the deputy
a rose I'm telling you this is go back
and watch the South Park movie this is
the next it's right in there the
Canadians and the North Koreans come
together yeah well look it I hope they
do it I say that every time we do this
story and I can't wait to give Donald
Trump credit for God's sake make a peace
deal give you all the credit in the
world you want a prize you want a medal
I'll give you a medal okay as long as
you make it deal and actually get it
done and it's real and and don't lose
your cool and accidentally start over
that's and what scares me to death is
that these two guys will just get in the
same room and either really really
really like each other really really
really hate each other
seem like this is all their you know
this is binary universe this makes me
really nervous to be like oh yeah
that'll go perfect Donald Trump and you
know Kim jong-il and
there it is but you know what I mean
maybe they'll go in the other could yeah
could see his father used to claim Kim
Jong Un's father used to claim they
would that then he would ball 300 every
time so Trump probably doesn't want to
do that I mean he would want to lose mmm
a guaranteed a loss but that was his dad
maybe this guy only bowls up to me I'll
swap haircuts negotiations he can watch
the interview right so I I hope to some
extent I can you I hope to things I hope
that that one that they make a deal that
would be for the benefit of not just
North Korea and ourselves but South
Korea - for God's sake since those
people have lived under the threat of
possible violence at any given second
and I also hope that future presidents
will treat that deal with more respect
and in a more serious fashion than Trump
treated the Paris climate Accords the
Iran nuclear deal and any number of
other international deals that were
carefully planned out and negotiated
that he was willing to just set on fire
for a whim
two easy ways folly Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
