earlier this week Roseanne Barr lost her
show after a series of racist and
conspiratorial tweets now to restore
cosmic balance obviously someone on the
Left needs to be destroyed
thankfully Samantha be used a dirty word
in her show so I think it's gonna be her
she had this to say during a segment on
the border
she said about Ivanka posting a photo of
her with her photo with her child on
like the same day that we found out that
children were being separated from their
parents at the border Samantha we said
you know Ivanka that's a beautiful photo
of you and your child but let me just
say one mother to another do something
about your dad's immigration practices
you feckless c-word he listens to you
put on something tight and low-cut and
tell your father to effing stop it tell
him it was an Obama thing and see how it
goes okay which my favorite thing about
that is that what people are getting
worked up about is not the the fact that
she can make a joke subtly but we
totally know what she means about the
fact that her father is sexually
attracted to her people are just like
yeah whatever obviously is let's focus
on the c-word which people are and
they're pissed at her so she apologized
on Twitter saying I would like to
sincerely apologize to Ivanka Trump into
my viewers for using an expletive on my
show to describe her last night it was
inappropriate and inexcusable I crossed
a line and I deeply regret it she
expanded on this during an awards show
saying we spent the day wrestling with
the repercussions of one bad word when
we all should have spent the day
incensed that as a nation we are
ranching children with their parents and
treating people legally seeking asylum
as criminals every week I strive to show
the world as it is unfiltered sometimes
I should probably have a filter except
that I take it seriously when I get it
wrong and I do take responsibility when
I get it wrong apology not accepted from
the Trump clan though and Donald Trump
has been tweeting about how she needs to
be fired so let's just be clear on a
number of things Ted Nugent used the
same exact word and was later about of
course Hillary Clinton and was later
invited to the White House by Donald
Trump
so apparently doesn't mind the word
Diane has used it in tweets before Baio
used it and then I was invited to speak
at the Republican National Convention so
Trump and the Republican Party obviously
do not mind the word and then Roseanne
Barr used the word and was not fired you
see that's the difference it's the
difference between using a vulgarity
guess once particular person if that was
the rule
than half of the right wing would be
fired immediately for what they've said
about me hey and I don't actually want
that no and and and smearing an entire
group of people which is what Roseanne
Barr did if you can't understand that
difference it's because you were trying
hard not to understand that difference
or you're a little dense and then
finally when Sara Rahn could be Sanders
pretends to be outraged and says the
collective silence by the left and its
media allies is appalling and talks
about quote her disgusting comments
can't any reporter raise their hand and
go didn't the president that you
represent say that you should grab women
by the pussy so could you please drink
this tall glass of shut up juice while
you pretend to care about vulgarity I
mean we're tolerating this obvious like
by Sarah Huckabee Sanders and the
Republicans that they care about it and
then they are offended that if you use
while Garrity what a preposterous notion
Donald Trump is the most vulgar
president we have ever had I an
order-of-magnitude certainly in our
lifetimes and he has not only said those
things he's done those things it's so
the idea that Sarah Huckabee Sanders or
any right-wingers outraged by this is
nothing but a total lie it's false and
not you know my mother is Italian so she
taught me how to curse from a very young
age and but I'll say that she hates that
word mm-hmm and that word cause this
really strong emotions from people
mostly women but I don't think I've ever
heard a woman use that word against
another woman which is sort of I think
what she's trying to do and get away
with here you know and you can't equate
a like a one white celebrity woman using
one word against another white celebrity
woman with a white celebrity woman
deliberately using racist epithet
against a powerful figure in the
government which is what Roseanne Barr
did right yeah and and they're not
equatable right yeah that's the problem
here like they're not equatable and so
now immediately it becomes this sort of
1ups person ship in the media and that
you lose the
the general outrage about the fact that
we have a racist administration who was
defending racists and then you had
somebody who was using that defending
that administration using racism that
was the whole issue Samantha bees sort
of subtle use of a word that will tick
almost everybody off in a different
context I think has to be seen in that
way you know I it's I can't say about
that one all I'm just saying is I don't
I don't think there equatable because I
think you have a racist administration
being you know uphold being upheld by a
person who's then a racist and then a TV
station going I think we're done with
this you don't I mean it's subtle but
it's a reminder though that we can't
fight Trump with Trump like behavior
yeah we can't lower ourselves to his
childishness
so we shouldn't use those kinds of words
because it just becomes a distraction
from the core terrible issues that
Trump's advancing yeah yeah and the only
thing I'll say that is I will accept
that from progressives like you guys I
will not accept it from the right way
just won't so the the minute the Trump
administration says she should be fired
or shershow canceled I say yeah the
minute you condemn Ted Nugent Scott Baio
Roseanne Barr and Donald Trump and if
you want Samantha B to lose her job
deal as long as Donald Trump steps down
and loses his job yeah well that's a
good point
yeah probably agree to that don't don't
yeah but don't apologize to racists
don't apologize to authoritarianism into
a box where you are saying I made a joke
and I use the word and I was being
provocative with something that is
actually causing really deep hatred you
know I I don't think you can make that
equation and that's what's happening in
media right now and don't pretend that
people are operating with good faith who
have literally never in the record done
so two easy ways for young turks one is
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
