one of Donald Trump's duties as
president is to comfort the families of
those who have died in school shootings
or at the very least the school
shootings that we choose to acknowledge
on a national level and since the
government refuses to do anything to
actually make these shootings less
likely to happen it's almost literally
the least he can do he is unfortunately
wholly unqualified to do it and that was
demonstrated once again this week when
he met with one of the parents of a
Santa Fe High School student who died in
that shooting
in advance of that meeting he was
speaking with reporters before boarding
Air Force One this is yesterday and he
talked about traveling to Texas where he
said quote we're going to have a little
fun today
which is an interesting way to describe
meaning the families of those who have
been killed in a mass shooting but that
was how he chose to describe it now the
mother of one fourteen-year-old Rhonda
Hart who was the the mother of Kimberly
Vaughan told the AP that Trump in
meeting with her repeatedly used the
word wacky to describe the shooter and
the trench coat he wore she said she
told Trump maybe if everyone had access
to mental health care we wouldn't be in
this situation part an Army veteran said
she also suggested employing veterans as
sentinels in schools
she said Trump responded and armed them
she said no but Trump kept mentioning
arming classroom teachers and she said
it was like talking to a toddler yeah
well instead of arming teachers this is
what I think we should do we should ban
gun ownership that should be our guiding
call it's time to ban gun ownership all
right well he said it so go ahead and
get angry gun ownership so by the way
let's just note for the rider because
obviously a lot of people in this
country apparently including
conservative Supreme Court justice can't
read the only amendment in the US
Constitution that meshes regulation is
the Second Amendment it says a
well-regulated militia being necessary
they choose to ignore that completely so
even if you don't agree with Joe's idea
of banning guns which are unquestionably
would make us safer you should at least
know that the founding fathers want us
to regulate guns and anything else that
is said is a total and utter lie you can
just read the Second Amendment for
yourself and and the reason why I say
it's we don't quite
we make us safer Joe's proposal even if
you think there are downsides that that
make it not worth it in your opinion is
the experience of every other country in
the world and so the idea of mental
health you know and I know that a lot of
people make that suggestion in good
faith
oh we just improved mental health we
have the same exact mental health
situation as every other country but we
have infinitely a higher gun deaths and
it's the word infinite is only barely
hyperbolic in Japan I think they had six
gun deaths in a year we have I think
around 30,000 and and that's because
it's not because we're more insane than
Japan it's not because we have more
video games than Japan it's because we
have more guns it's all about their gun
and this is you know at the NRA
a terrorist organization holding America
hostage so that they can perpetuate this
fantasy of some kind of eventual revolt
against the American government or their
protecting themselves against I mean it
is unbelievable to me to think that this
man who who is has so little conscience
and so little actual bearing could then
anchor a woman who lost their child I
mean this is the most difficult kind of
story for me to react to you because it
hurts so badly and you just think you
know yes we have to ban ar-15 yes we
have to Ben
you know these types of weapons and I I
agree with you I think we should we
should we should take a really long look
at thing we don't have any guns we don't
need guns in our society right now um
the death toll is too high the
consequences to our our moral conscience
and just it's just too high I don't want
to be afraid to to walk into a school I
don't want to be afraid to go to a
concert I don't to be afraid to walk
down the street you know this is a hand
in hand with again white supremacy
racism an enforcement of of a certain
way of thinking about America which has
to expire and we have to start to talk
about how do we bring about peace and
how do we bring a
you know non-violence you know I'm so
sick of people talking about the need
for quote-unquote reasonable gun control
when unreasonable and obscene things are
happening to our kids the answer isn't
let's be reasonable let's be
unreasonable in the response which is
why it's time for us as progressives to
start calling for a ban on gun ownership
let's and let's also acknowledge of
course that we're not even getting
reasonable gun control we're not getting
anything and that's why I can't I can't
place myself in the position of a parent
we just lost one of their kids
thankfully I've never had to experience
anything remotely approaching that but
that your child would die in yet another
100% preventable mass shooting and then
to have a person come who is better than
anyone else the embodiment of a complete
lack of interest or will and doing
anything about the problem he is a guy
that if he wanted to could change the
law he could do it right now he can't
change everything unilaterally but he's
willing to do it on any number of
different issues involving the
environment with his executive orders
and he chooses to do nothing here while
then going off and talking favorably
about the NRA I I guess I admire the
bravery of these parents to even be
willing to sit down with him but I feel
like that would only make me feel worse
that this is a guy who seems to delight
in working with the industry that
perpetuates the culture that produces
these shootings yeah you know he just
unilaterally used laws from world war
two era and on to impose tariffs and to
support coal power plants and he said it
was a matter of national security
tens of thousands of people dying every
year is a matter of national security we
have about ten 911s every single year
from gun violence in America and that's
national security not because hey you
have donors from the that are from the
coal industry that is not national
security but I want to give you a couple
of other perspectives here
Pamela stanitch was also with the
President and I get that it depends
probably to some degree at least on your
perspective going into the meeting and
your political perspective she was a
supporter of the president so she came
away impressed by him
said that he showed sincerity compassion
and concern and and then but then this
quote she certainly didn't mean it this
way but was heartbreaking to me she said
changes are coming for the good thank
you mr. Trump oh there are no changes
coming for the good he is not going to
protect you in any way shape or form
maybe he'll pray harder this time yeah
and it's just this is not national
security this is male insecurity you
know we talk about serial killers and we
can clearly see how that's motivated by
sexual violence and we have to also look
at these school shootings I mean one of
the things that always seems to happen
is violence directed at the female
students zaniness which is it further
and the truth of the matter is like we
have a sickness and and our men are
running towards guns as some way to
assert their their you know rage and and
and and needing to push themselves up in
terms of power and I think we have to
talk about that part of it I think we
have to talk about how this is a male
problem you know I'm a mostly a white
male problem so when we're talking about
gun control we also have to talk about
you know these issues that are what is
leading our men down this crazy path
what is this misogyny that's taking root
what is this racism that's taking root
it is so deeply upsetting but we're
never going to get to the problem unless
we actually start talking about the root
of it which is I think deeply
psychological it's a it's yes mental
illness but it's not a it's a pervasive
type of mental illness in America to
think that you need a weapon of a rifle
and a ar-15 to become a real man I think
that's crazy
I want to give you two last perspectives
here this is not the only time that he's
come across as uncaring in a similar
situation
you also had actually several different
instances there's the soldier who died
in Africa and he was terribly rude to
his wife and that became a huge issue
but also Samantha Fuentes was shot in
parkland in that shooting she survived
but she's at
no behind her Lodge behind her right eye
and Trump came to covered her she said
I've never been so unimpressed by a
person in my life and he didn't make me
feel better in the slightest now the
last perspective is Donald Trump so
we'll end on an otherwise tragic in very
sad story in a humorous way because as a
candidate Donald Trump said we're all
wrong about his what some are calling
his empathy gap he said empathy would be
quote one of the strongest things about
Trump who says that but he talks like
that and is that what a person who's
empathetic towards others would say like
you know you know what's really good
about me how much I could empathize with
you is one of the strongest things about
youger if anyone else said that you'd
say the lock them up this guy's crazy I
mean you're talking about mental health
problems who says I'm really strong on
empathy let alone using a third person
strong empathy taken classroom yes it's
time to ban gun ownership there you go
that's right
I love the strength there you go time to
fight back two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
