do something about your dad's
immigration practices you feckless her
father president Donald Trump pounds
from TBS for not doing enough to condemn
be tweeting quote
why aren't they firing no talent
samantha be for the horrible language
used on her lower ratings show you can
do anything whatever you want grab him
by the pussy a total double standard
what coming out of her wherever
disgusting
oh shoot you're right it is never okay
to say grab them by the
see-you-next-tuesday but it's only okay
to say grab them by the pussy right just
when I thought I couldn't stomach any
more irony this week here comes Donny
the plate full of dessert yesterday
maggot lost its mind calling for
Samantha be to be filed for using crude
language equates in vulgarity to racism
because comparing a black woman to an
ape is the same as using a word that in
Scotland Australia and most
english-speaking countries apart from
the u.s. is used in every context
imaginable from an insult to a friendly
greeting no leaves you what but I'm just
plain still full disclosure I have
actually fallen victim to the taboo of
its use in American culture after seeing
how here it is often used as a very
sexist term like this so I do try and
stay away from it and I'm not here to
condone what Samantha bee said but what
I am here to do is bask in the unabashed
hypocrisy of Trump supporters who turned
up in Mass wearing shirts like this
making excuses for the man they worship
saying things like this grab him by the
pussy I did join her she was Mary's I
moved in her like a bitch and plain the
morality card now so my message to those
whining about a double standard is
number one volga language is not the
same as racist language you should know
you voted for a man who has a long
standing history of vulgar language but
wait he's also used racist language as
well they're bringing drugs they're
bringing crime they're rapists I guess
you guys just don't have any ground to
stand on do you this really is the
twilight zone
what's next Kim Kardashian discussing
prison roof
oh yeah that happened so I guess it is
trump built his brand on a soap box of
misogynistic vulgarity and it didn't
seem to bother his followers one bit but
now they're outraged at vulgarity all
because they want to make excuses for
racists listen I think what she said was
crude but I didn't pledge my allegiance
to a guy who bragged about committing
sexual assault by grabbing what that
Ward stands for so please spare me your
hollow sense of morality it's pathetic
and listen if you want Samantha be filed
for her vulgar language how about we
start from the top and work our way down
all in favor say grab him by the for me
on Instagram and Francis M Maxwell on
Twitter also Francis and Maxwell like
and share the video as always continue
to resist and also get the TYT out
