Virginia has finally voted in favor of
expanding its Medicaid program which
could potentially cover as many as
400,000 low-income individuals in the
state now Virginia was one of the states
that refused to expand its Medicaid
expansion under the Affordable Care Act
and just to give you a tidbit that blows
my mind expanding Medicaid under the
Affordable Care Act would primarily be
funded by the federal government so it
is money and resources that the federal
government was ready and willing to give
these states to expand their Medicaid
programs and offer health insurance to
their low-income residents but states
like Virginia refused until recently so
a close to six year debate over whether
Virginia should accept funding from the
Affordable Care Act to expand Medicaid
governor Ralph Northam who campaigned in
favor of this expansion last year will
sign the legislation so what happened
what's different elections happen
elections matter and so previously you
had way more Republicans in the House of
Delegates in Virginia but now in the
house you have one more Republican
compared to Democrats and so that one
vote isn't gonna make much of a
difference when it comes to a debate
like this and luckily they had enough
votes to finally pass this and expand
the program now again the federal
government provides at least 90 percent
of the funding for the expansion like
just let that sink in for a second for
all the people living in states who have
refused to expand this Medicaid program
your lawmakers are so embroiled in
ridiculous politics and hatred for the
other side that they are willing to risk
your life and deny you health coverage
just to make a point and it's not
taxpayer money from that state it's
federal money federal money resources
that they're offering you offering your
state to cover people who can't afford
health insurance and these lawmakers
denied it because they're so bitter and
may hate the other side that much so
let's talk about elections in the Kasich
I'm not a big fan of Ralph Northam I
wish tom Perriello had won he northern
was not that progressive but is he
better than the Republican of course he
is if we if the Republican had won that
race 400,000 people would not have
health care in Virginia so does it
matter yes
so fight for progressives and primaries
they will actually get you better rights
better wages etc and they'll fight will
for you more but between a corporate
Democrat and a Republican as much as I
can't stand the corporate Democrats
they're better than the corporate
Republicans because the Republican would
have killed us now more important than
that is what Anna was talking about in
the legislature in Virginia so right now
the Republicans still hold a one-person
majority not just in the house delegates
but also in the Senate in Virginia now
they actually could use legislative
maneuvers to block any bills so they
could say well I'm not proposing inter
and I'm not letting you propose it I
control the legislature right but they
just got their asses handed to him a
Democratic Socialist beat one of the top
Republicans in Virginia a trans woman
who's progressive just beat a Republican
in Virginia and they had huge losses so
all of a sudden the Republicans were
like did we say we oppose Medicaid
expansion why don't you go ahead and
propose that that's okay no no it's okay
it's okay go ahead proposed it and a
bunch of them flipped over and they were
previously opposing it now all of a
sudden they're not opposing it what do
politicians care about the most their
own ass so when you get progressives
Democrats overall but progressives even
better and you got Democratic socialists
beating Republican leaders in a state
they're in a cold sweat panic and so
what do they do they finally eased up a
little bit and let you have something
the average person in Virginia normally
it's all the donors the donors
corporations I had to give them big tax
cuts what could I do there was nothing I
could do right oh you I gave you nothing
there was nothing I could do all of a
sudden they were worried about their own
ass yeah yeah I mean sure fine fine
Medicaid expansion you know who goes to
people who are making just a little bit
above
minimum poverty level federal poverty
level hundred thirty three percent above
it right 133 percent above poverty level
that sounds pretty extravagant that's
what Rush Limbaugh would tell you
remember him
anyway you know how much that is sixteen
thousand dollars a year so people make a
sixteen thousand dollars a year get to
live thank you Wow
are you not generous okay and merciful
so alright but we we want it we want it
why cuz they're worried about their
seats so get out there and vote vote
vote get out there and vote and keep in
mind there are still seventeen states in
the US red states that have refused to
take that federal help to expand their
Medicaid program seventeen states and
it's all political it's because they
hate Obamacare they hate the Affordable
Care Act and they're trying to make a
statement again they are willing to risk
their own citizens lives ok their own
constituents lives to make a political
point and it is disgusting by the way
one other thing I wanted to quickly
mention the Affordable Care Act is still
in a lot of trouble remember the Trump
administration has decided to do away
with the mandate which goes into effect
next year and once you do that premiums
go up and that could also put you know
the resources for Medicaid expansion in
jeopardy which I am worried about but
there is now a wave of red states who
are thinking about expanding their
program so I do want to give them some
credit as well
activists in Idaho and Utah gathered
enough signatures from residents to
place a question on the ballot for
voters to decide this November and a
campaign to do the same in Nebraska is
underway one final point for me look
remember during the debates over the
Affordable Care Act a primary argument
that we heard from Republicans was that
Democrats want to get in between you and
your doctor but in reality Republicans
Republican lawmakers want to get in
between you and your doctor they want to
get in between you and the possibility
of getting health coverage because
you're poor and can't afford private
insurance that's what's really going on
and annas rather you've credit too
voters of those red states who are
saying can we please get health care but
not for the politicians the politicians
in those states say no I want to block
even your ability to vote on whether you
could have health care what happened I
thought you believed in democracy if you
guys were so right that you're
representing the people I'm sure the
people will rise up in those deeply red
states like Idaho will say no I don't
want health care so you shouldn't fear
that ballot referendum at all right
oops you do because they're gonna want
health care because you why because they
want to live it's not that complicated
and in Maine they did the same thing and
Paul LePage who is another borderline
fascist just refused to implement it
he's like no I'm not gonna give you a
referendum I'm just not gonna give it to
democracy I don't believe in it I'm not
gonna give it to you instead I'm gonna
crush you and give everything to my
corporate donors because that's who Paul
LePage's
by the way last thing is in Virginia
even in this build or Republicans got a
concession and their concession was you
got to work okay there's a work
requirement now look do I want people to
work of course we all want people to
work we want people to be productive and
a good functioning part of our society
etc etc but what if somebody's kid is
sick and they couldn't find a job what
are we gonna do is it not I don't care
to hell with your kid you couldn't find
a job so your kids gonna have to die but
it's the Democrats who want to get in
between you and your doctor at least
that's the talking point that they'll
regurgitate over and over again
- easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
