during Trump's rally in Erie
Pennsylvania he shared some of his
commentary on the me2 movement as you
can imagine he wasn't too kind toward
the movement especially given what
happened with Brett Cavanaugh's hearing
now with that said let's take a look at
what he thinks about the me2 movement
hasn't been one for many years by
Republicans but every Republican things
are going to win Pennsylvania they
didn't quite get it but I got it it's
called the workers I got it
every Republican I've used an expression
you know this is expression but under
the rules of me too I'm not allowed to
use that expression anymore I can't do
it it's the person that got away see if
the old days it was a little different
Pennsylvania says do it anyway
I would do it except for these people up
there they would say did you hear what
President Trump said so he's arguing
that because of the me to movement he
can't use the phrase the one that got
away the girl that got away but no but
sure I mean the phrase is the one that
got away the one who got away
right um and I don't know I anyway so he
thinks the me to movement is stopping
him from saying it it's the same
politically correct argument that he's
been making since he was campaigning for
president and the audience loved it as
you can see and so he's been going on
this anti me to tear the right wing has
been going on this anti me to tear
another example would be Melania Trump
who recently spoke to ABC about all of
this
and here's what she has to say about the
mutant movement I support the women and
they need to be heard we need to support
them and you know also men not just
women do you think men in the news that
have been accused of sexual assault and
sexual harassment have been treated
unfairly you need to have a really hard
evidence that you know that if you're
accused of something so the evidence
okay so look I mean we're gonna have to
say obvious things if you're going to
court you obviously have to show
evidence and be proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt Kavanaugh was applying
for one of the highest jobs in the
country and our justice system and and
she did have proof she first of all had
her eyewitness testimony and it's
withstood challenge everyone found it
credible there were other people that
she asked the FBI did talk to the FBI
would not talk to them I mean we can go
on and on and on but don't so but it's
the constant and you'll see it in in the
Trump supporters it's the constant thing
you're like well you know if you can't
prove your sexual assault you know years
later well then I guess it was your
fault so I think it's important to hear
from Trump's base on this because we
heard a little bit of the laughter and
the applause when Trump made his
statements about the me to movement but
Emma Beck
went to the Trump rally in Erie
Pennsylvania to ask specific people like
what do you think about this what are
your thoughts on this movement and so we
have a number of examples let's go to
the first one my opinion if I went to a
party and was raped I wouldn't go back
ten more times we think about what do
you mean by that
well the girl Ford went back to parties
after what happened I don't think it
happened to many men her in jail for
false accusations it should be me too
for the band's me too for the woman okay
the she's of course not remotely right
about the statistics the overwhelming
percentage of people who come forward
are telling the truth well over 90%
they're not a significant number of men
who are rotting in prison because of
false accusations of rape it's not that
that never happens of course not that's
why we have trials and we have due
process in this country which we all
believe in especially as progressives
but that's she has the facts completely
wrong on on how prevalent it is and I
don't know what she's talking about when
she says that she went back to the party
ten times like so she's referring to
sweat night there no and of course as
usual she has the facts wrong I'm a to
sweat Nick said I used to went to
parties where it looked like people were
standing around the punch bowl I didn't
know what they were doing then there
were lines in front of rooms but just
like a bunch of guys lined up I didn't
know what they were doing and then later
I realized what they were doing when I
was raped she didn't go to parties
afterwards okay so the facts were
totally wrong on that and look we've
said it a million times if there was a
real investigation I don't know what
they would have found out about sweat
Nick Ford was incredibly believable and
everything she said stood up and it
seems like Ramirez was the same I'm
curious what they would have found out
about sweat knee but but that fact
pattern is not remotely true she didn't
get gang-raped of sweat nick alleges and
then returned to those same parties not
at all she never said that let's hear
from another Trump supporter it's just a
total leftist thing
a total total left I mean the women the
women happen I'm not saying all of them
but there's some of them that are paid
other ones I'm sure they have they've
been abused really you can't like you
can't say knowing that but still it most
generally it's just it's just a thing
that Democrats want to do and say that's
all about it that's all it about monster
okay so that's the new conspiracy theory
even Trump didn't say that one that the
Democrats paid the women to come forward
against Kavanagh this next one is
probably the hardest one to watch
so just fair warning but here is a
another Trump supporter a female
I've said it for a long time women
should button their blouse cross their
legs and quit acting like they want
something and then they won't get it oh
wow so you're saying it's more on the
women I think it's ridiculous in what
specific examples are you thinking of
when you make that same everybody's
great happy when they get the Oscar and
then whenever I mean I'm not saying he's
not a scum bucket harvey weinstein yeah
but they knew what they were doing
and now their ruin and everybody's life
over it that's the first Harvey
Weinstein defense I've seen so that's
new but look that's why I love it when
Emma goes to the rallies because these
are real Americans they're real
Americans that are wonderful people real
Americans that think these things and
date it they're not you know people on
TV are a little bit more polished you go
on talk to real folks and yeah that idea
is prevalent and if somebody says it on
TV there's outrageous cetera but a lot
of people sitting around the kitchen
table going the women it's their fault
they should have button their blouse and
etc and and that's why the fox news of
the world fight the culture wars because
the me tube movement is changing the
culture and getting people to realize no
abusive woman have been going on for a
long long time and you we're not gonna
let you get away with it anymore and and
they don't like that okay they're in the
camp of let's keep that kind of idea
going that it's their fault and they had
it coming and so Harvey Weinstein even
and Donald Trump and Cavanaugh they're
all right because it's the woman's fault
and they get women to believe that on
the go don't worry we got you covered
if you still listen to t whitey at our
new podcast network find us on Apple
podcast at Google Play Store or at TYT
comm slash podcast
