embattled Missouri governor Eric
Greitens has decided to resign and he
announced his resignation during a press
conference which we have some video of
and part of the reason why he's decided
to step down as governor is because he
has struck a deal with prosecutors
he is facing some rather serious charges
which I'll detail for you in just a
minute but before I do so let's hear
from Greitens himself this ordeal has
been designed to cause an incredible
amount of strain on my family millions
of dollars of mounting legal bills
endless personal attacks designed to
cause maximum damage to family and
friends legal harassment of colleagues
friends and campaign workers and it's
clear that for the forces that oppose us
there is no end in sight I cannot allow
those forces to continue to cause pain
and difficulty to the people that I love
I know and people of good faith know
that I am not perfect
but I have not broken any laws or
committed any offense worthy of this
treatment I have talked to many of you
who Harbor extraordinary anger at this
ordeal and for those who have pushed and
promoted it for those who would be moved
to vengeance let us allow history and
God to bring justice wait it seemed like
he was promoting vengeance there what a
strange thing to say maybe the
prosecutor should reconsider any deal
that they made with them based on that
insane comment but remember he's the one
that look Anna's gonna describe to you
what the charges are but he keeps
talking about these nefarious forces
that are doing things to him you're the
one who tied up someone and then
blackmailed them if
into sex were the nefarious forces in
your basement they made you do that
right I think there was a nefarious
force in your pants and yeah you're
right I mean the way that he is
describing what's going on makes it seem
as though he's being victimized but
remember he was you know a party
favorite someone who had big ambitions
and a lot of support for those big
ambitions in the future and things are
not working out for him now because of
you know the extramarital affair he was
having and the accusations that were
brought forth to the authorities by his
mistress and I'll get into the blackmail
charges now actually so let's go to
graphic 19 in February there was a grand
jury that indicted the governor for
invasion of privacy over accusations
that he had taken a nude photo of a
woman that was his mistress with whom he
was having the affair and used it to
blackmail her so he was allegedly
concerned that she might go public with
their relationship that would
potentially destroy his marriage but
more importantly potentially destroy his
political ambitions and so he tied her
up blindfolded her and took this nude
photo of her and essentially used it as
blackmail and she decided to go forward
to the authorities which I think was
incredibly incredibly brave of her to do
now a house a Missouri House committee
reported back in April that Greitens had
held the woman down in a quote bear hug
during the march 2015 encounter before
pulling out his penis among other
allegations the woman testified
anonymously that she performed oral sex
on him because she thought that would
allow me to leave and she feared for her
physical self also keep in mind that
through these investigations they also
found that there were some campaign
issues Gretton faced his second felony
charge in April for allegedly obtaining
a donor list from a charity he founded
to use for political fundraising
apparently that's against the law
and he faced a charge for that okay guys
first of all the Republicans of Missouri
wanted him out and and he was their guy
there's no reason why they would want
him out and and so they think he did it
and
but even if you put two other charges
which are very heavy charges aside the
one thing that has been clear from day
one is I and we found out not originally
from the mistress but from her husband
because she was married she's having an
extramarital affair with him then he
takes her to the basement I stir up
blindfolds or takes the nude pictures
and says if you ever tell anyone I'm
gonna release this on the Internet so if
you don't know and apparently some
people don't know that is blackmail and
very illegal so if you think it's a cute
or clever thing oh I got naked pictures
of you and if you don't do what I tell
you to do I'm gonna do X Y or Z you're
going to prison for a long time if
somebody finds out that you're doing
that and they can easily prosecute you
yeah you could that's true if your
regular do it was 18 years old and you
thought it was a good idea and a good
idea it's a really bad idea it's also
true if you're the governor of a state
mm-hmm now again him stepping down was
the result of an agreement a deal that
he struck with prosecutors on Wednesday
a prosecutor noted that they're dropping
a computer tampering charge against him
and so we'll see how this all plays out
but there have been issues with the
prosecutor who was specifically looking
into the blackmail charges there was
apparently misconduct in that regard and
so they needed to find a special counsel
to take on this case yeah that would be
clear about that Greitens claimed and
alleged that there was misconduct and so
then the Attorney General has to do the
right thing or the prosecutor in this
case and say all right well since
there's a charge against me right or
wrong I got to step aside and let his
special counsel deal with it and that's
what was going on when I saw grinds
resigned I'm like there's no way this
guy who has been gung ho from day one I
don't care what I did it's all applauded
against me right I stepped down without
a deal so tomorrow sounds like based on
what the prosecutor said we find out
what the deal was
and the deal is probably that he's not
gonna get prosecuted as long as he gets
out I don't know that for sure or maybe
he gets prosecuted less otherwise they
want to thrown the book at him and he
might go to prison for a long time my
standing is that they plan on pursuing
some of the charges not all of them and
that's part of the deal but that's my
understanding so far but we'll verify
that for you yeah so we know that he's
stepped aside and we know that there's a
deal we find out the exact contours of
that deal tomorrow but for now at least
Greitens is gone and one of the things
that bothered me about Greitens look if
he had a just an affair he I don't care
how Republican he is and how much I
disagree with him I'd point out his
hypocrisy and I'd make fun and I'd do
all those things but I would say no way
you should step aside if he didn't do a
crime that's between you and your wife
and that has nothing new with politics
and you know what if you don't like it
and I don't like it I don't like his
hypocrisy then you could vote them out
of office next time and so one of the
things that drove me crazy about
Greitens is that he knew he had that
affair his wife knew he had that affair
and he still ran a campaign based on
family values afterwards and he put his
family all over the ads and talked about
how much he cares about his family
knowing that this could come out but he
thought it's not gonna come out because
I got pictures of her so now that's both
disgusting and illegal so you're a goner
I want to talk about this a little more
in the postgame like the the notion of I
love my family
you know I'm a family values guy but
then they have an affair I just have
some controversial things to say about
that oh those came sorry I don't know
what that is you have all of a sudden
TYT calm /join too easy wastefully young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
