this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every year is an
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm the Roseanne Barr
debacle continues following her racist
tweet which was directed toward a nobama
advisor Valerie Jarrett essentially
saying that she was the child of the
Muslim Brotherhood mixed with apes she
apologized
then she blamed the racist tweet on drug
use and then she started retweeting
conspiracy theories and her supporters
who think that this was nothing more
than a liberal witch-hunt
now her show the roseanne reboot has
been cancelled by ABC people who support
her are very upset about that and they
think that it was cancelled specifically
because Roseanne Barr has identified as
a trump supporter but I have I have a
little bit of a defense of Roseanne Barr
so I want to get to that first she said
the following I'm not a racist
I never was I never will be one stupid
joke in a lifetime of fighting for civil
rights for all minorities against
network studios at the expense of my
nervous system family wealth will never
be taken from me so I want to be clear
about something and I think most people
know this Roseanne Barr didn't
accidentally tweet one terrible thing
she has a history of tweeting terrible
things she retweets conspiracy theories
conspiracy theories about George Soros
of course she goes after people you know
about their physical appearances all the
time but more importantly you know she
said a lot of damaging conspiratorial
racist xenophobic things and for some
reason none of it really caught fire
none of it really got a lot of attention
until she attacked Valerie Jarrett so
let's just keep it real it's not like
she put one controversial thing out
there and then now she's being
persecuted for it but with that said she
said with that said
there were other things that she had
tweeted that people are pushing back
against but I think there's a little
kernel of truth so let's move on she she
said something about how when she
tweeted about Valerie Jarrett she was on
ambien
she was ambient tweeting mm-hmm and so
the pharmaceutical company behind ambien
tried to defend itself saying hey you
know what it's taking ambien doesn't
give you the side effect of racism but
ambien does have some side effects that
I think that people are now minimizing
just to continue you know attacking
Roseanne Barr so I want to be clear
about that that's where I want to kind
of defend her because you people have
acted erratically after taking ambien
there's a long list of examples that I'm
going to share with you guys in just a
minute but I wanted to get your take on
that change so there's a whole bunch of
things here so before I get to ambien
let me do some strange defensive
Roseanne Barr as well so first of all
she does the rare trifecta of being
racist against african-americans being
anti-semitic and some of her tweets the
conspiracy against Soros that he
collaborated with the Nazis and
according to her tweet turned in other
Jews to get murdered oh that's crazy
right that's not the story at all right
and has done dress up as Hitler etc but
has also called Palestinians Nazis so
she has done the trifecta of bigotry
that I didn't think was necessarily
possible but she's offended almost
everyone in he is saying over-the-top
ways but that is a problem I mean it's
it's literally crazy and and you can't
keep up with whether she's crazy left
crazy right hates Israel hates Palestine
and the list goes on to be fair to her
though so when she says she did do some
great things for civil rights there is
some truth in that so in the Roseanne
show there was a lesbian kiss which I
remember it was very controversial at
the time and it could have cost her a
show in the other direction back in the
day you really could have right and a
lot of the right-wing was livid with
over that and they wanted a boycott
Roseann back then now they're trying to
defend Rosana
and and there's a lot of biracial
relationships in Roseanne and a lot of
the writers and producers etc are are
actually liberals and but she's a big
part of that show and so she is a very
complicated person with I think a lot of
significant mental issues and so I Jimmy
Kimmel took the same stance I took
yesterday which is she really needs to
get some help so this is not the time to
make fun of her as much as as to find
her help her a long time producing
partner town Werner saying the same
thing she needs to get help and look
this coming from a guy she's viciously
attacked me personally in the past but I
get it she's lost her mind and and so
now we speaking of which we turn to
ambien and again I'm with you Anna
the ambiens the responses cheeky and
they're getting a lot of credit for it I
am being that might have a lot of side
effects but being raises a lot of them
figure right yeah but it really does
have a lot of side it does have side
effects I really don't want people to
minimize that because they're angry with
Roseanne for a legitimate reason right
her tweets have been incredibly you know
hateful and offensive I get that but
that doesn't take away from you know the
severity of some of the side effects
that people have faced and people have
experienced erratic behavior as a result
of taking ambien so let me get into the
details of that ambien users have
reported a variety of side effects
including sleepwalking binge eating and
even driving at night without realizing
or remembering the incidence which is
terrifying so it is plausible that
someone would take ambien and say all
sorts of crazy erratic things online
again we have no proof or evidence that
that's what happened but it doesn't
matter I just don't want people to
minimize how severe the side effects can
really be years ago Senator Robert f
kennedy's daughter carrie kennedy blamed
ambient for a drugged driving incident
ambien was also one of the drugs found
in Tiger Woods's system after police
found him asleep in his car in the
middle of a highway some of the changes
may be characterized by decreased in a
bitch
similar to effects produced by alcohol
that's based on what the FDA has
reported also there's visual and
auditory hallucinations they've been
reported as well behavioral changes such
as bizarre behavior agitation and
depersonalization so again it is very
feasible that someone would take a
pharmaceutical drug like ambien and act
erratically or not be themselves or do
things that they don't even remember
again I don't know if that's really the
case with with Roseanne Barr but I do
think that look sometimes I want to kind
of take a step back from my own thinking
my own rhetoric on the show and even if
someone is saying heinous terrible
things and even if those things offend
me and they anger me you're right Jake
you should really consider the mental
health of the person saying those things
and doing those things and she should be
called out and and she should be you
know there should be consequences but I
don't think it makes sense to
continuously attack her and and try to
destroy her if she does have mental
problems that are mental issues that
should be taken care of look I actually
think that somebody should go like make
sure she's okay
I'm being serious like she doesn't sound
well now she's back on Twitter and she
fluctuating between I'm sorry - maybe we
should attack my other people attacking
me and she's going back and forth back
and forth some of the things that she's
doing does seem like some of the side
effects of ambien the reduced
inhibitions acting out in ways that are
unpredictable and the list goes on and
on and I don't want to blame ambien
either because Rosa has been doing this
for a long time so I'd has she been on
ambien the whole time was she on ambien
when she made racist comments about
Susan Rice was she on ambien when she
called people Nazis over and over and
over Jesus how much does she take it
right she's oh said in one of the tweets
that hey sometimes on ambien I'll crack
an egg on a wall at 2:00 in the morning
then maybe you shouldn't keep taking it
right and and or maybe it isn't that
you've got other mental health issues as
I explained on the show yesterday
into a terrible car accident when she
was 16 and had to be hospitalized
mentally for eight months so it might be
that comeback I don't know I'm not a
doctor but I do know she's not well and
and so and then her some of her defenses
are terrible she says Valerie Plame I
thought she was Jewish and Persian so it
was okay to call her an ape no I thought
she was you know a different ethnicity
and I like to call them Apes is not a
great answer by the way Rosie is Jewish
not Valerie Plame Valerie Jarrett I'm
sorry Valerie Jarrett sorry about that
anyway and look she's not wrong
some folks are not wrong in the
right-wing etc to say Oh Valerie Jerry
got a call from Bob Iger they're friends
so all the other attacks man whatever
Palestinians are you gonna fire someone
over calling Palestinians Nazis hey you
say anything you want about Palestinians
right Valerie Jarrett what she's
powerful she and Bob Iger knows her they
your God yeah there's some ability to do
that maybe she should have been gone a
long time ago so that doesn't really
answer the question as to whether she
should have kept the show but to me as I
said yesterday this is more about less
about Roseann more about the country I
think it's symbolic that there is a
significant percent of the country now
defending a person who there's some
chance they should legitimately be in a
mental hospital well at least get
treatment an evaluation and treatment
because it does appear that there are
some you know underlying issues that are
going untreated but one other thing that
I do want to mention because it's
important and it's it's getting
retweeted like crazy and it's terrifying
to know that this kind of stuff gets the
kind of attention it does so through her
Twitter storm you know after her show
got canceled
Roseanne retweeted a number of fake
tweets photoshopped tweets and
conspiracy theories one of them really
caught my attention it was a dr. tweet
by Joy Behar that alleged that she had
tweeted that there was a fire at Trump
Tower and that she hoped that Trump
was the person who died in that fire
when I saw that tweet first of all it
disgusted me and I was like did Joy
Behar really tweet this and of course I
looked into it and it was debunked it
was a completely fabricated tweet and
people believed it I looked at the
comments on that tweet and people
completely believed it
please don't believe everything you see
on Twitter please fact check it for
yourself because you know look ruining
someone's reputation is one thing but
think about how many mentally unstable
people there are who actually carry out
acts of violence when they see stuff
like that and she also retweeted a
picture of Whoopi Goldberg wearing a
t-shirt where Donald Trump's blowing his
brains out also photoshopped and and so
look we're torn here and this is such a
liberal conundrum that on the one hand
the thing she's doing are terrible and
the alt-right loves them and they're so
that's that's why they like her they're
like oh you're purposely spreading lies
yes that's not the bug that's the
feature but on the other hand somebody's
got to help her on the other hand all
those sick people in the hall right who
do this and they know they're doing it
they also need mental health
they've got mental health issues but I'm
not gonna have sympathy for all right
guys who are monstrous
and like to destroy people's lives yeah
I see that they see it as a strategy I
don't think it's a mental health issue I
think that they see the other side as
the enemy and since they can't debate
facts they can't debate real issues they
just decide to you know completely
defame people by photoshopping and
doctoring tweets and photos yeah they do
it on purpose and then when they see
someone like Roseanne Barr who's not
mentally well they think great let's
take advantage of her to spread our
propaganda they I mean in in a lot of
ways they're actually the sickest people
on earth to easy ways for young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
