thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt the New York
Times recently did a lengthy expose
looking into Donald Trump's family and
how they evaded taxes and potentially
engaged in fraudulent behavior in order
to undervalue some of their properties
to avoid paying the legal amount of
estate taxes now we also found out
through that reporting that Donald Trump
personally inherited over 400 million
dollars from his father after he passed
away
remember Trump said over and over again
that he was a self-made millionaire who
had only received a one million dollar
loan from his father which he then paid
back in interest we now know that that
was an outright lie but what do Trump's
supporters think about this what do they
think about the fraud and what do they
think about the fact that Trump is not
actually a self-made millionaire
our very own EMA viglance spoke to some
of those supporters at Trump's rally in
Pennsylvania and here's what one of them
had to say I was hoping my dad left me
that kind of money so who cares you know
hey his dad left in the morning he's a
son so what so the report also said that
much of that money came through tax
evasion and you know undervaluing their
properties these kind of guys are smart
know the tax laws if they can save money
doing that fine it's legal they didn't
it's not it's illegal well I don't know
they haven't said that no actually they
did say that that was the whole point of
the article it's you're gonna notice
this there's a number of clips that
we're gonna go to and we will have the
link for the full video in in this clip
so you guys can check out all of Emma's
reporting on this but it's a common
theme just this rejection outright
rejection of the facts of the evidence
it's amazing yes so in a couple of
things there yeah all right look if
Trump came out and said hey I inherited
four hundred thirteen million dollars i
Mongol dat largely I went bankrupt six
times
but at ni just my dad gave me so much
money I just couldn't he I couldn't
bundle it all away say okay then that's
he told the truth and that's what
happened but you know at least he made
some money out of it and built a couple
of towers then you say okay then there's
no problem but he's been lying from day
one he said he got a small loan of 1
million dollars a small loan you
remember when you got a small loan
number million dollars and and that pay
did his dad back with interest none of
it is true not remotely true so but now
you look back and you tell the guys no
he actually had four hundred thirteen
million dollars and it wasn't a loan he
just got it right like yeah whatever so
what right okay so you don't mind that
he's a liar that's fine they don't they
don't so here is yet another example of
that I don't care where his money coming
from I like him I like what he's doing
for America so a lot of people who voted
for him said they liked that he was a
self-made billionaire it seems that he's
not self-made doesn't matter how much
money he has it's about the man the size
of his heart and what he's doing for
America the size of his heart Wow which
is an incredible thing to say
considering just the various policies
that we've seen from Trump that have
been just needlessly cruel I mean the
zero tolerance policy at the border is
just one of them you know ripping
children away from their families as as
a deterrent to avoid people coming to
the country seeking asylum but you know
I guess that's the size of his heart
that she's so in love with yeah I mean
look as long as he's defending their
kind I guess perfectly fine so I mean
he's done horribly cruel things to just
about everybody I mean he bullies people
day in day out that's the guy they think
is kind hearted yes okay we live on
different planets so I think one of the
issues here is is how people get their
information and so propaganda is is
incredibly powerful pro-trump propaganda
that we see from Fox News is incredibly
powerful and the next Trump supporter is
really a testament to that you know what
I actually don't care what the New York
Post says well York Times New York Times
Washington Post CNN
and MSNBC CBS ABC because they're all
fake they own the channel I watches Fox
and it's on 24/7 CNN and MSNBC are on
24/7 too but I don't watch them my dogs
watching Fox yeah we can tell yeah so
you know oftentimes when we have these
conversations about Trump's base and you
think okay well Trump just did something
that actually negatively impacts his
base the the tariffs could be an example
of that right some of these tariffs in
the trade war that we're now engaged in
has hurt some of the farmers who have
voted for Trump but a lot of them still
support him and you wonder why how could
that happen I mean it's literally
negatively impacting their their
pocketbooks but here's the thing if the
only source of news is is Fox and
they're telling you over and over again
that Trump is really looking out for you
and he's the only one looking out for
you
well that repetition and that propaganda
is powerful and you will remain a
supporter if that's the only place
you're getting your information yeah any
if you absolutely refuse to listen to
anything else yeah okay then you're in
your bubble and they tell you Trump's
wonderful so you naturally think that
he's wonderful so by the way I just want
to thank you guys because you guys
supported the reporters that we hired
including Emma I love when she goes to
those rallies and because it gives you a
sense of where they stand and looks and
but to be fair to trump supporters
sometimes you'll see they'll say no no
mother should finishes investigation
about half of them say that so it is
just holding up a mirror that's all
right
and I think Emma does a great job with
that earlier today we told you about a
TYT investigates story about Ted Cruz's
national security adviser who
represented a mass murderer that's an
amazing story also brought to you by you
and I love that that's why we're all the
Young Turks together and so I learned
from this stuff so that's why I wanted
to thank you guys as well you can see
all of Emma's report including from this
rally at youtube.com slash rebel HQ or
facebook.com slash rebel HQ or just get
our app T y-t-dot-com slash app and and
you'll be able to get it any time you
want to easy ways for young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're too
subscriber and second is ring the bell
and when you do that on YouTube you're
notified of our videos
