it's no surprise that the Trump
administration and Trump himself are
working overtime to D legitimate special
councilor Muller's investigation into a
potential obstruction of justice and
collusion with Russia now Trump is now
attempting to do something that in my
opinion is potentially very destructive
and could lead to a considerable amount
of violence he's trying to make the case
that people like Muller and people who
are investigating this whole potential
Russia debacle might be trying to rig
the midterm elections let me give you
the details the 13 angry Democrats plus
people who worked eight years for Obama
working on the rigged Russia witch-hunt
will be meddling with the midterm
elections especially now that
Republicans stay tough are taking the
lead in polls there was no collusion
except by the Democrats there are more
tweets but I want to start with that
because that is planting a very
dangerous seed in the minds of
incredibly unhinged people that could
carry out acts of violence
if the midterm elections don't pan out
the way that they want so let's break
down all the lies deceptions in that
just that one tweet and and and again I
think the most important point is the
one I anticipate about how dangerous it
is first 13 angry Democrats robert
muller is a lifelong republican not
remotely true the person who appointed
him rod Rosenstein a republican
appointed by donald trump the agents
working on the case
no one knows no one knows if they're
democrats or republicans so there was
two people who didn't want Trump elected
they're nowhere near the case anymore
and by the way they also hated Hillary
Clinton okay any piece of information
we've gotten about any of the agents
that actually work on the case or the
people involved in the FBI christopher
ray the head of the FBI republican
they're all republicans right so do i
know that all thirteen if it is in fact
13 people and the special counsel thing
are all republicans no i don't know that
either
but so far all the ones we know are all
republicans okay so she's a brazen
brazen usual donald trump lie we just
gotten you
the fact of the presidents a complete
and utter liar and does it for his own
purposes and we've also gotten used to
the fact that Republicans in this
country have lost their mind and they
don't care they don't care that their
president is an obvious liar right so
but then it gets worse so they're going
to meddle in the midterm elections so
our use like if they lose or probably
lose this guy's gonna this monster is
gonna turn around and say they're
Democrats fixed debt now get angry get
angry and do something about it right it
is this is that's fascism man that's
right there this is not on the road to
fascism this is not hey whoa whoa be
careful with that word know if they
seize power in an election by the way
they didn't win the popular vote on this
is fascism 101 then they say go get all
of our political opponents and then they
say well the guys who are trying to
bring the rule of law are our political
opponents and they're the ones who are
cheating not me even though they're
calling me out I'm breaking the law no
I'm gonna flip it on them and pretend
they're the ones doing it now all my
mindless followers who are authoritarian
by nature Sikkim right and so this is
leading down a terribly dangerous road
and then at the end he says there was no
collision except by the Democrats now
what what charge of collusion is there
on the Democrats part now the Democrats
might have done 100 other things wrong
but colluding with the Russians what are
you talking about again not attached to
reality doesn't have to be but it is a
good pretense for putting your opponents
in jail okay I get rid of the people
investigating me I put them lackeys in
there and I start going around and
arresting people by the time their
arrests have begun oftentimes it's
already too late what concerns me is
that this is a this is a huge story
again let me reiterate he is planting a
seed so people get incredibly angry and
riled up if the elections don't work out
the way that they they wanted to they're
gonna think that things are fixed and
then no one is really emphasizing this
story because every day the news cycle
is flooded with
sorts of terrifying crazy stories right
and so if there isn't a lot of attention
on this and if we aren't planning ahead
to make sure that things don't become
violent and we don't move even closer to
a fascist state I mean what's gonna
happen you're right I'm worried that
there's gonna be inaction and by the
time people wake up it's gonna be too
late and I'm also concerned about the
people who are running for office either
on a state level or a federal level what
if they get targeted this is not okay
this type of rhetoric is not okay now
the media unfortunately is a huge part
of the problem and you're gonna say well
no they call them out on this and they
partly do and they say well it's not
accurate etc but they're afraid of
offending Republican viewers and readers
if there is any Republicans left reading
so what do they do they treat it with
kids gloves but in reality like if you
were to say hey the elections are rigged
by a number of different factors based
on how many voting booths are open and
how many are closed as the DNC favor
they're the establishment candidate so
does the RNC you and you'd list
legitimate factors those are good
legitimate things to talk about a word
it's a rigged by all the money that's
flooding into the to the elections etc
right but if you think that the special
counsels office is going to somehow
rigged the midterm elections you're a
flat-out lunatic there's no ifs or buts
but the media will never call you a
lunatic cuz well we don't offend some
poor but it's significant percent of the
country at a minimum are now have lost
their minds and but their viewers and I
need money and I need advertisers and
their readers and I don't want to offend
I don't want to offend the lunatics
you've got to call them what they are if
you think the special counsels office is
going to somehow what get into the
voting rolls and rigged the election
you're insane
you're criminally stupid and they're
gonna take advantage of that to read the
lead down this incredibly dangerous road
so if you think that media is being
tough on Trump
not nearly enough remember you know
around election
time leslie moonves who is the head of
CBS said that trump is good for business
love him or hate him he's good for
business he's good for ratings and so
Trump this administration everything
that's happening right now is great for
the mainstream media and you're right
they don't want to isolate or say
disparaging things about his supporters
because those are potential viewers
which I find pretty devastating and also
embarrassing considering how
aggressively Trump attacks them and
calls them fake news I mean he has
launched so many attacks against them to
the point where there is a significant
part of the country that thinks no these
are not legitimate news organizations
they they fabricate stories well and
fascism takes advantage of weakness so
I'm not in the camp of going around
punching people who you think are Nazis
okay but I am in the camp of fighting
back politically super aggressively and
oh god help us cuz in opposition are the
feckless Democrats and the media who
likes to call things even they liked it
like oh well hey you attacked us and
then I mean just the other day Maggie
have written this is tiny tiny thing and
I'm not I'm not in the camp of making a
federal case out of this but the other
day took a lie that trumped it and
called it a you know a parent falsehood
person the point isn't that particular
phrase and her reporting the point is if
the press thinks I'm going to do
Queensbury rules and a fascist thinks
I'm gonna lock you up you idiot
the fascist is gonna win they're afraid
to ever use the word liar because liar
means that there was intent to mislead
yeah they don't want to go that far they
did well we don't know we don't know did
he intend to I dunno is the literal
question to everyone that works in media
you only have three options one you
actually think there's a legitimate
chance that the special counsels office
is gonna rig the midterm elections
option number two is that is obviously
an intended line to attack the people
who are investigating for potentially
breaking the law so are you going to
call it a lie or are you
gonna call it a lie it is intentional
you can't possibly think it's not
intentional or the president has lost
his app mind absolutely utterly insane
those are your three options one of the
options is not well perhaps he thought
it was around the edges like maybe
they're going to interfere in just some
of the swing states but not in all other
swing states really if you that is you
know that's not legitimate but you
should just call it out otherwise resign
don't be in media real quick though
there is a double standard because
remember during the primaries in the
last general election and I'm talking
about the primaries between Hillary
Clinton and Bernie Sanders when there
were legitimate concerns that the DNC
was manipulating the primaries in Bernie
Sanders Annenberg
that would be learned in Hillary
Clinton's favor how did the meet
mainstream media handle that I was on a
panel at Politico and that was supposed
to be supportive of Bernie Sanders by
the way and the the deck was stacked
against me they're like five people on
that panel who are anti Bernie Sanders
trying to make it seem like it was
laughable that the DNC would do anything
to manipulate the primaries in Hillary's
favor what ended up happening later I
mean come on if there is a double
standard when it comes to Trump it's
like I don't know maybe you know maybe
maybe there is some issue here but when
it comes to you know progressives and
those on the left we're all crazy
there's no way that there was any
meddling or manipulation in those
primaries because they fear
conservatives and they have disdain for
progressives so they don't realize it
and if you ask them they'd be or you
told them they'd be confounder than they
are and every time we mention it they
get so hurt by it but the reality is
they have a massive bias against
progressives they think huh you
progressives you're never gonna amount
to anything and you're never gonna win
and and so if you say the DNC is ringing
it in favor of Hillary Clinton having
less debates counting all the
super-delegates first ridiculous oops
it turns out you are a hundred percent
right but I never admitted it never hit
brian Stelter or anybody else on CNN
come out and say I'm sorry you guys were
right and we were wrong and the way that
we pretend
the DNC was not obviously on the side of
Hillary Clinton while we sucked up to
power we were wrong
never but what a conservative says oh I
could only do I think Muller is gonna
fix the look shoes in the midterms maybe
could be can't tell can't tell two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a t YT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
