okay for the 900th time i really don't
want to talk about Hillary Clinton
anymore but she won't go away so I'm put
in a position where I have to look what
she's doing now Clinton takes aim at
Trump pulls out Russian hat during Yale
speech if you can't beat them join them
he's committed treason and he's Vladimir
Putin's puppet here's a Russian hat so
of all the things that Donald Trump's
doing all of them a tax bill were 83% of
the benefits go to the top 1% he's
bombing 8 different countries including
bombing the Syrian government without
congressional authority so it's an
illegal unconstitutional bombing
campaign deregulation of Wall Street out
the wazoo waging the war on the middle
class 2 million people 3 million people
lost their health insurance his first
year in office because of his executive
orders destroying Obamacare of all the
shit you can go after Donald Trump for
get it cuz it's treason and he's ladder
Putin's puffin even though he's
currently bombing their top ally in
Syria and even though he keeps
sanctioning the shit out of them but
something Russia sees what happen when
you don't have an ideology this is what
happens
Hillary Clinton is just a vapid empty
establishment soulless creature and so
when her politics are all neoliberal and
corporatist and she's a war monger so
she kind of agrees with Donald Trump on
all that shit there's nowhere to go but
to just you know talk about stupid shit
like this now I get people always she's
making a joke get over it yeah but
you're right I should I shouldn't I
shouldn't even be talking about this but
the fact that she won't go away and
she's still a really influential figure
in American politics and she's launched
like 13 groups to take part in the next
election cycle that's the problem
because it really is an attempt to force
the Democratic Party to continue to be
corporatist to continue to be neoliberal
to not go in a left-wing direction and
that's the problem and I also saw that
she's now going to
I think it was at Harvard she's now
gonna get like a Lifetime Achievement
Award or something in that effect and
it's like why why she voted for the Iraq
war she voted for the Patriot Act she
supported NAFTA her policies devastated
the middle class her policies are
militaristic I mean destruction of civil
liberties with the Patriot Act at every
time where there was a crucial vote that
was a historic vote she was reliably on
the wrong side of it but she still gets
praised I think the thing that
frustrates me the most is that the most
odious parts of Donald Trump's agenda
are things she by and large agrees with
in some areas she's not as bad I don't
think she would have pulled out of the
Paris climate agreement I think when
push came to shove she would not have
pulled out of the Iran deal even though
she wasn't for it originally but I think
what bothers me is how similar she is to
Donald Trump but how the media kind of
whitewashes that and acts like that's
not the case and what's left is you know
glowing praise and and awards and
ridiculous
joy over the fact that she's making a in
a joke that's based in something that's
not true
you know like Oh Russian puppet you
could have just went with dumbass war
monger corporatist but since you kind of
agree with the war monger part and kind
of agree with the corporatist part
doesn't land as well does it
