thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt the Israeli
government has detained a u.s. graduate
student at its airport this is a
graduate student who has grandparents
from Palestine and the Israeli
government is justifying their decision
to detain her and also take away her
passport because they believe that she
is part of the Israeli boycott movement
so let me give you the details on who
this student is and how the Israeli
government is justifying this her name
is Laura al-qasim and she is a 22 year
old American citizen with Palestinian
grandparents she landed at the
ben-gurion airport last week with a
valid student visa and was registered to
study human rights at Israel's Hebrew
University in Jerusalem
she was barred from entering the country
and ordered deported and this is all
based on suspicions that she supported a
palestinian LED boycott movement so this
is crazy
she is going to remain in detention as
she awaits an appeal so the appeal is
supposed to take place at some point
this week possibly today but the
statement coming from the Israeli
government indicates that they think
this is completely justified they think
that she is a threat to their country so
let me give you the statement this is
from Israel's strategic affairs minister
he says we are doing whatever we believe
that is right for the security of the
State of Israel and that is more
important than whatever the New York
Times or other newspapers around the
world will say about our policy again I
just want to reiterate that she is a 22
year old student who wishes to study
human rights at a university in Israel
at Hebrew University yes okay so lots
the note here first off
credit to so many people in Israel
fighting for her and in an Jewish
Americans here as well by the way and
this is shocking not just left-wing
that's totally surprising but right-wing
Israelis and Jewish Americans also
fighting for her here in America I'll
get to that in a second
Hebrew professor at University of
Florida that she took draw Robin David
said she had an open positive attitude
towards Judaism Jews in the State of
Israel and he's stepping up to fight for
her Hebrew University itself with a
vigorous defense of her and then I was
most surprised by Bret Stevens and Barry
Weiss in New York Times with a vigorous
defense of her as well now the reason I
was very surprised by that is first of
all they themselves in that article
described themselves as unhinged
Zionists Wow
okay so well nice honestly there and I
appreciate that and they prove it they
later say that the boycott divestment
program is a thinly veiled form of
bigotry nonsense not remotely true and
that it is that a boycotts of Jewish
businesses have a particularly foul
pedigree and Nazi Germany I understand
the historical reference they're making
it in this context it's a preposterous
analogy so I'm these are the guys I'm
giving credit to by the way okay so and
and they said the group that she was
part of was connected to America's for
Muslims from Palestine they say that
that group is once the end Israel's
occupation and colonization of Arab
lands and hence it is code words for
dismantling the Jewish state no it's not
it's to end occupation of the
Palestinians so but even those guys
right even the right-wing Jewish
Americans that are deeply Zionists like
what do you guys doing don't don't put
her in prison that's not good that that
that doesn't show strength that shows
weakness and and this is totally running
amok now and that's the problem with the
right wing government of israel they are
going and we when you
what happens when you get further and
further right wing and that's where they
are they've pretty much lost their minds
so this woman is ethnically Palestinian
she's an American okay so is there
bigotry in by the right wing government
of israel towards palestinians of course
of course there's not anyone who debates
that it's just totally disingenuous but
it's not just palestinians by descent
and birth that they are that they're
holding up they held up a kathryn frank
a professor at columbia and then
deported her from israel because she was
a leader for Jewish Voice for Peace how
dare you be for peace I don't care if
you're Jewish or not they expelled from
the country Simone Zimmerman an American
Jewish activist who lives in Israel and
founder of if not now another person who
wants to end occupation
these are wonderful human beings they
quizzed on our quizzed her on our
political views including her views of
Netanyahu what so now what that means if
you go to Israel even if you're a Jewish
it doesn't nothing matters anymore if
you're not in favor of Netanyahu extreme
right-wing or in charge of Israel today
I guess you're not welcome so no thank
you Israel not interested I'm not going
to Israel I think that if you are a left
winger it doesn't matter what your
background is at this point because of
the actions of this particular
government
you'd be nuts to go to Israel their
parent they're gonna put you in prison
they're gonna deport you look I'm one
last one because it's amazing there's a
ton of them Peter Beinart they did it
too that's insanity
again another he's a left-wing Zionist
but a very clear scientist anyway Meyer
Coppola he is the chairman of Brandeis
University the university's board and a
pro-israel philanthropist but they found
a brochure after he'd been in Israel in
his bags apparently gonna rifle through
your bags I'm gonna look at all your
stuff to try to see if you don't despise
Palestinians and then they're gonna say
all right we're gonna interrogate you
cuz you don't hate people all right so
you know what they did to him because he
went and had something that called this
week in Palestine because he is a the
chairman of Brandeis University's board
he's intellectually curious
he's a pro-israel philanthropist he
anyway they're like no how
dare you try to look into the
Palestinians and they interrogate him
for hours at the airport no they've lost
their minds man whenever there's a
flare-up and violence between the
Israelis and the Palestinians the
argument that you hear from the pro
Netanyahu group is well look Israel yet
they might be using disproportionate
force against the Palestinians but
remember Israel's a true democracy no
it's not alarum you can't argue that
Israel currently with this right-wing
government is exercising true democracy
if it goes after anyone who's
intellectually curious anyone who might
have mild criticism for the behavior of
the Israeli government a democracy is
supposed to welcome that type of
criticism it's supposed to allow for
information so people can make educated
informed decisions if Netanyahu and the
Israeli government is actively going
after people as innocent as a 22 year
old American student who wants to study
human rights in Israel then that's not a
democracy
he's been held in detention for over a
week now they said no no we a little let
her out as soon as she says that it is
that she's totally disavowed any of our
previous policy positions by the way her
lawyer says she look she was part of
that group and she was a president of
the group to be fair but but she never
even held those particular positions it
was a group that held the positions but
if I was her I would never back down
from that and I look and if you don't
know Brandeis University is a well-known
Jewish University in America you got
Brandeis University in Hebrew University
on the right side okay meaning the
correct side okay and the Israeli
government's like no we don't trust them
oh come on
okay look they've totally lost their
minds so you know what they say and by
the way the medius movement they're like
no not allowed how dare you boycott us
because that might work wait the
terrorism is unacceptable I agree a
hundred percent with that it's the moral
it's counterproductive
and it kills innocent civilians but wait
a minute if you don't okay so the
violence is not acceptable that makes
sense but non-violence is also not
acceptable
so what's acceptable acceptable apparent
position apparently is you have to go to
Israel and say yes you should occupy the
policy is forever they're not really
people you should do whatever you want
to crunch them and net you
who's right about everything no thank
you that is not a democracy that's not
remotely a democracy by the way as long
as you continue the occupation not
remotely a democracy what kind of
democracy says Oh democracy for me if
you're the right religion right oh we
let some of the policies vote they don't
have quite the same rights in Israel but
how about the other bell cities millions
that you're occupying where is their
democracy no no nope and if you disagree
with us we'll put you in prison okay so
lastly why this particular group why are
they so animated about this the one of
the again Gilad I heard on that Ana
quoted earlier he said that this group
was one of the most extreme and
hate-filled anti Israeli BDS groups in
the u.s. whoa I said okay now I'm
curious like what did they do did they
say outrageous things they apparently
were a favor of a boycott against Sabra
homeless what did you understand Sabra
the hummus not Hamas hummus they wanted
a bike huh boycott a dip and so they're
like how dare you
I hate felt being against home aside no
no no no this is them saying this could
work we we're gonna go nuclear on on the
boycott movement because that because
economic actions work they worked
against South Africa they worked in
Egypt during the the Egyptian revolution
when everybody went on strike that is if
you hit people in their pocketbook no
matter who they are and where they live
that is the most effective thing that is
why they're so deathly afraid of the BDS
movement that they think boycotting
hummus is extreme and hate-filled no no
and by the way last thing guys if you
care at all about Israel and you shut
down any of efforts to go to the United
Nations and to do things in a nonviolent
fashion what does that leave that only
leaves violence is an option it's a
terrible idea it's a terrible idea
that's gonna lead to perpetual war but
that's exactly what the right wing feeds
off no matter which country they're in
they think we think perpetual war is a
problem they think it's the solution
that's what allows them
to keep power it's gross and look if I
was her it's easy for me to say she she
wants to study at Hebrew University and
she got in and set her and she wants to
live her life based on that but if I was
I would never live in a country that
doesn't believe in democracy like this
right I mean if they're willing to do
this to people like her I mean I would
be what I personally would be worried
about my safety if they have their
sights set on people who want to engage
in nonviolent protests they want to
retaliate against them like this no no
let me think about how authoritarian
Israel's become because of this video
alone I probably now cannot go to Israel
what kind of country is that certainly
would not want I wouldn't I would you
risk it I'm not risking it going into
those right wing lunatics hands and they
throw you in prison for disagreeing with
Netanyahu and interrogate you no thank
you it's like if you came here you're
like hey I don't like Dick Cheney oh
you're going to president we're gonna
interrogate you etc I I i think the
trump is wrong on the tariffs how dare
are you extremists etc and we're gonna
kick you out it's just no even Trump
doesn't do that that's how crazy it is
so and by the way all the right-wingers
here I gave credit to the good guys who
spoke up and even people I genuinely
disagree with I'm curious Ben Shapiro
and others Dave Rubin all those guys
who's a free speech free speech oh
that's such a good point so are you in
favor of her free speech I don't know
maybe they are maybe they're gonna be
principled about this and Barry Weiss
can do it there's no reason why Shapiro
and Dave Rubin shouldn't be on the side
of her are you in favor of allowing BDS
movement overall or do you argue in
favor of the laws they're trying to pass
here in America too and that movement
and punish people and economically and
otherwise for speaking their minds it I
assume that if you're actually in favor
of free speech that you would say no
anyone should be allowed to say anything
regarding BDS movement and boycotting
Israel and that week I don't know about
Israel but this is America
and we live in a free country is that
your opinion Beth Shapiro I'm curious
cuz I I hear you love to get paid on
college
campuses and hence you love free speech
but does that apply to everyone else
some you know what we should have people
ask him let's find out and hey I don't
know maybe he'll be principled good luck
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
