CJ Harris was a walk-on is a walk-on at
the universe University of Auburn and
anyone who knows the football team at
Auburn is pretty much life when you live
in Auburn and when you live in Alabama
they say who you for and that means are
you for Auburn or Alabama CJ Harris as a
walk-on um one thing he suffers from is
seizures and to treat that condition he
takes cannabis oil there is one problem
and it is this under NCAA guidelines
athletes are not permitted to have any
THC in their systems the cannabis oil
Harris takes for his seizures contains
less than 0.3 percent THC according to
the label and he won't be able to pass
an NCAA drug test
while on that medicine and this is I
mean this is a guy who this is his dream
to be on the Auburn team for reasons I
mentioned it is life war eagle people
yell at gas stations in Alabama and this
is what it was like for him to find out
this news he said when I read the text
that one of the coaches sent me I just I
broke down because this is my dream and
I saw everything lining up perfectly for
me and this happened I mean it's so
weirdest doctor is the one giving him
the cannabis oil for the seizures it's
not like you know the guy on his all who
sells weed and especially to be at that
place where you feel like this is a
debilitating thing my doctors found some
source of hope for me I'm doing this
thing I'm in my groove now my dreams can
be possible and then now there's this
other thing that's kind of holding back
and the thing is I was like you know I
did some research the CBD international
cannabis oil heals a lot of things you
know I mean from heart health to
Alzheimer's to seizures to appetites
arthritis glaucoma tremors PTSD I mean
so many things you know what I mean so I
think it sucks yeah I mean part of the
problem is that it's a easy to grow
plant yes and if we could make it pill
form and mark it up a hundred percent or
a thousand percent some pharmaceutical
company could make a lot of money from
it then we'd solved that marijuana would
be immediately legal right and they're
not and they're not it's not like the
NCAA is gonna be like let's fight for
weed right now because that's our only
problem well you know first of all I
went to Florida State so
they're not that important to me but
what I will say is that um I think that
there are so many problems with the NCAA
my ex is it was a former football player
at Florida State
those guys were getting $35 and playing
football and making the school millions
of dollars you would think that they
would have some systems in place that
would actually care about the players
because the players are just cattle it's
like modern-day slavery and when I say
stuff like that people get really angry
with me but talk to those
student-athletes the ones who are not
getting paid by you know agents under
the table and find out how they have to
live so the fact that that's so
disappointing to me that they that his
well-being is not a priority where
someone would say hey let's make an
exception in this let's make sure we
have medical we have a doctor's letter
or whatever it is and it may sound naive
but I think it's important to remember
that the players are never the priority
when it comes to these big institutions
the dollars are mm-hmm yeah and so one
point that I found so persuasive that I
attended a conversation for me on the
issue that item wrote up is so it's a
multi-billion dollar industry at college
football college basketball etc and we
all know that but a lot of the players
never go to that and I felt most of them
over one we don't even ever go to the
NFL so like the idea was well that's
okay they were gonna get paid a lot of
money in in the in the big leagues no
they're not 95% of them are never gonna
see any of that money and and the
college has got to make billions of
dollars off of them and then you have
this and it rubs salt in the wounds and
oh you have a way to treat your seizures
not only we're not gonna pay you we're
gonna ban you and and then NFL you
telling me they're not taking drugs yeah
have you seen the offensive linemen Oh
many years from now there'll be an
expose about how did you know they were
doing steroids an NFL all these years
yes we did know two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
