Tom Perez is the head of the DNC and
despite multiple times making clear that
he doesn't think that he or other DNC
officials should be getting involved in
internal party primaries he coincident
ly found himself this week on the stage
of the New York state Democratic
convention endorsing Andrew Cuomo in his
gubernatorial primary he said this I've
not only admired him I have admired the
Cuomo family since my youth I've admired
what they stood for and for what they
fought for since I was a kid primarily
which was their own political
advancement Perez called Cuomo and his
lieutenant governor running mate Kathy
Hochul
charter members of the accomplishment
wing of the Democratic Party seeming to
echo and knock that Cuomo himself has
made against this reference to Cynthia
Nixon his primary opponent and New York
City and Mayor Bill DeBlasio
and quote that's why I'm proud to
endorse them now his I guess to some
extent second-in-command sort of Keith
Ellison was reached for comment on this
and said the Democratic Party should not
intervene in the primary process it is
our role to be fair to all contestants
and let the voters decide
that's what Ellison said after what
happened this week Perez before said one
thing we've learned at the DNC is that
when you in fact or in perception are
trying to put the thumb on the scale in
a spirited primary that can undermine
public confidence in us now hold my beer
as I put my thumb on the scale ya know
it's different they're close friends but
no michi khonsu's one of our reporters
made a great point about doesn't that
make it worse right yes right they're
saying like well I did corruption but
it's because I really like the guy and
I'm biased in his favor okay how did
that make it better okay I gave a really
crooked deal to this guy but this
because we're friends well in deal a
part of the accomplishment wing yeah so
I accomplished my wing I want to come
back to an aside about that first on
about Keith Olson it was never real Tom
Perez is always an establishment
candidate pick they forced him in there
Allison was gonna win an Obama panic and
said Ellis is a progressive I can't have
it because Obama doesn't like program
so he's like Tom Perez he's our guy he's
the guy who will do exactly as he's told
when he's told right and one of the
powerful figures in Democratic Party is
Andrew Cuomo he doesn't get talked about
a lot in the national press because he's
a governor it doesn't affect a lot of
the national issues but along with
Hillary Clinton and an Obama and Nancy
Pelosi he is one of the most powerful
members of the Democratic Party so when
he's in a race and now all of a sudden
it is a race because Cynthia Nixon is
really given a run and he's in a little
bit of a panic he's like yeah yeah Tom
remember why we put you in there so all
this talk about neutrality that was cute
for example when Stacey Abrams was
running in the Georgia gubernatorial
race
well that's governor race just like the
New York one Stacey Abrams backed by an
enormous number of progressive groups
and Democratic groups to write not just
progressives and everybody said well
okay are you gonna go on the side of
stays here with Doc and that was just
last week no earlier this week as soon
as that race is over they're like yeah
just kidding we hate progressives that's
why we didn't support her Andrew Cuomo
the most establishment guy in the entire
country right now yes we jump in and
that's that's why Perez was picked so
Ellison number two in command what does
that mean now this happened you see that
it was always a force it doesn't mean
anything it's window dressing in fact
it's counterproductive because it
neutralizes Ellison's strong voice which
was the whole point of giving him the
nonsensical completely impotent number
two position I'm sorry I like you though
sir but that position has zero power I
know I disagree to some extent I think I
agree that it has effectively zero power
but I I think the perception that it
comes with power has given him a bit
more of a platform where he is naturally
reached for comment on these sorts of
things he is on in the media a lot but
he might have otherwise he might have
gotten it anyway but not necessarily and
so to some extent he's at least able to
give across this perspective so John I
hear you so the establishment press
hates progressives so if he's considered
part of the establishment oh you are
number two
dnc well well we do stories from the DNC
we have sources in there and we run
stories whatever they tell us to run
just like we do with the RNC so Keith
Allison yeah you are a legitimate person
and I will listen to you the problem is
until now he was forced to agree with
Tom Perez or wanted to agree with and
whatever right so there was actually no
difference between them so it was
doubling down on their establishment
position so hence useless
yeah he's corralling legitimacy for the
Democratic Party just like Ralph Nader
said about Bernie Sanders but what's
funny is that when Perez won right you
know everyone was up in arms o Ellison
not running or not winning rather and
Perez wins and he says that's what's
great about the Democratic Party is like
we have this big tent approach what they
meant was actually they wanted to corral
Republicans and Trump voters not
leftists and in you're totally right I
mean this is precisely why he was picked
he's doing exactly what he is meant to
do and this race to do it in because
Cuomo is running against a very popular
celebrity he's running against a Miranda
from Sex in the City in New York so I
mean a lot of us pay attention in
politics anyone watching this show and
on this panel we pay attention a lot of
other people are voting for Miranda so
it's like if you're gonna have someone
push the the thumb if you're gonna do
that for a race this is a big one yeah
because she's also gonna go into
Congress and we're gonna watch her yeah
and by the way like I mean they're
obviously you know that they're biased
they want him to win can you imagine if
he ever thought and they ever thought
about the chance that he might run for
president how conflicted they'd be
they're gonna back him a billion percent
right there it's the only question is
which establishment candidate they're
gonna pick so that leads me to this
question which I asked earlier on
Twitter and so Brian gotten any answers
can anyone name it's a literal question
can anyone name a primary candidate that
the Democratic Party any of the branches
DNC d-triple-c DSCC where they were the
more progressive candidate in the race
where the DNC came in and said no we're
supporting the progressive know in
almost every instance I can't think of
any
and no one online can think of any
Porter's have at it you guys are a
really good friends Democratic Party why
don't you call your sources okay and ask
one of them I literally cannot think of
one progressive they have supported over
a more conservative candidate every
single time and if it's not every single
time with one maybe exception in the
last twenty years almost every single
time and I don't know what the one is
they backed the more conservative
candidate when they are theoretically
the Progressive Party
there's making the same mistakes that
they did in a 2016 election and they
will continue to make those mistakes
over and over again I mean even though
we knew that they would inevitably like
endorse Cuomo they didn't have to come
out and do this it just basically just
says a big fu to all the leftists and
people who are progressives who want
Cuomo de to shift left and they're just
seeing the DNC just up to their old
tricks and it's not like it wasn't clear
right it's not like well I wonder where
tongue I hope I'm gonna read the tea
leaves now and try to figure it out and
by the way so we were talking about the
election with Hickey housen can you
imagine right now if he was running it
instead where the party would be at what
their chances for November would be if
he were leading their strategy their
campaign strategy you know resources
going to the candidates and all that not
having that just makes me sad yeah
that's yes so two more things about this
one good good news and there is good
news in this is that it will largely be
counterproductive because which New York
voters going Oh Tom Perez says I should
vote for Andrew Cuomo okay I'll jump
right and they have no idea who Tom
Perez is like a lot of these
establishment guys since they are all in
love with each other they think like who
Tom Perez is gonna make a big difference
here no he's not if he puts money in
that'll make a difference but Cuomo
already has over thirty million dollars
because he's the king of corruption he
literally ended a corruption panel
looking into corruption about him he
started as looking into corruption on
other people and he was like rock and
roll and then they're like oh it turns
out you're really corrupt he's like I
immediately on this panel we're done
with okay and and there's a systemic
corruption of the thirty million dollars
coming from corporate interests etc etc
it doesn't really need the money but
without the money the DNC endorsement
doesn't help at all and I would argue is
slightly counter
in fact the other day he couldn't get
Bernie Sanders endorsement he was
furious and and it appears that he was
one of the people who put Politico up to
writing a hit piece on our revolution
and Bernie Sanders because they didn't
endorse him and at the end of the
political piece that says Andrew Cuomo
didn't appearance was Bernie Sanders and
he greeted with him on one thing and
still didn't get the endorsement why is
that in the story about Nina Turner in
our revolution it's obvious Oh Andrew
Cuomo made you run this story okay and
so he instead he goes and gets Hillary
Clinton's endorsement yeah finally they
accomplishment we look that's to be fair
so Cuomo has gotten some things done in
New York that I am certainly in favor of
and progressives are all in favor of $15
minimum wage legalizing gay marriage and
paid family live leave but now think
about the convicts that's where the
establishment press ends it they're like
Bravo right why do we have to beg a
Democratic governor in a deeply blue
state for these positions and when he
finally concedes and gives us some of
those positions after me in office for
year after year after year we're like oh
fuck thank God thank God okay and one of
the blue states in America we finally
got gay marriage now we have gay
marriage in red states we're still
giving Cuomo credit for that and by the
way the way that they did it was they
bribed four Republicans and and they
threw giant fundraisers for them so and
that was the hosel steeped in corruption
in that case I'm glad to corruption went
in the right policy direction but so and
with Cuomo everything you have to push
and push and push and he does all these
games that he thinks are cute that no
one notices and in the old days no one
either a notice because they're the
establishment press and they apparently
terrible at their job or be they notice
in there like what we won't report it
because then he won't give us sort
he won't be a source and he won't give
us scoops rice say positive things about
him but now there's the Internet you
think we don't see how you did the the
so-called independent Democrats and then
use that to make sure that Democratic
priorities did not get passed because
they join the Republic
and then formed a majority and blocked
all progressive legislation and you want
us to be thrilled that the crumbs you
threw in our director after all this
years in office and they do it they
really think that the press is ours and
the oligarchs will rule and when the
press will do whatever we tell them to
do sad day for you Andrew Cuomo and Tom
Perez those are not the days anymore I
know why Bernie didn't endorse him I
mean the fact that he did one appearance
with Bernie and thought he was entitled
to Bernie's endorsement you know what I
do like out of that though he wants
Bernie's indoors mm-hmm yeah but only to
tricked about oh no no totally I get
that but Bernie's indoor no that is
worth trying to get yeah and by the way
if you're wondering why one sure he's
the most popular politician in the
country it'd be nice to you know get hit
his supporters to be on your side that's
very very relevant the other thing is
art revolution has six million emails
that is a giant email list that they
could use to raise money so when they
look at our revolution they don't see it
as we see it a grassroots movement meant
to support local progressive candidates
they see it as a giant piggy bank
so the Andrew Cuomo's of the world look
at and go mm-hmm
give me give me give me the email so I
can raise money off of it you won't give
me the emails hey Politico
hey my boy at Politico what do I pay you
for
get in there and write a smear job about
our revolution Bernie wouldn't give me
his email list and wouldn't endorse me
and that's what they do to easy ways for
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
