Senator Dianne Feinstein has involved
yet again this time on the death penalty
there's a quote from her several years
ago I changed my view of the death
penalty several years ago it became
crystal clear to me that the risk of
unequal application is high and its
effect on deterrence is low it became so
crystal clear and the stakes were so
high that I decided to hide my position
change for years guys why don't we have
a graphic of that other part of the
quote she said no she'd actually say
that her staff said the change of heart
on capital punishment went largely
unnoticed because Feinstein was rarely
asked about it hey they could not
pinpoint exactly when the shift occurred
I love this in the LA Times article
numerous media reports including some of
the last year have continued to mention
Feinstein support for the death penalty
her office acknowledged that it had
never sought to correct the record
because they're not time travelers they
didn't know what she was in a switcheroo
come primary time that's why but anyway
she has been not only Pro death penalty
but like actively vigorously pro-death
penalty for 73 years I think in 1996 she
was the only Democrat to co-sponsor the
anti-terrorism and effective death
penalty act which among other things
limited how many times a death penalty
sentence can be appealed because we got
a kill him oh gotta kill him fast we
can't wait for it to go through the
process yeah there was a number of other
times that she sponsored things like
that but I'll throw to the panel I mean
when she was first running in 1990 first
statewide see she was booed off the
stage from delegates because she refused
to not support her she you know I would
just use a double negative she she
wanted to support the death penalty
everyone was like no no and here you are
in 2018 again 2018 and somehow it's
doing this was known 20 years ago that
innocent people were being executed on
death row welcome to the program Diane
and I love how this is you know capital
punishment is bad and this is not a
Darian position to make and her handlers
were like look for the first time you're
not gonna coast through this primary so
quick find a progressive policy position
quick quick quick and this was the best
she could do I love her on her website
it says I support health care for all
she cannot say of course she supports
Medicare for all and we know what she
did with the last bill in California she
refused to even support that it's just
unbelievable the hypocrisy yeah when if
you look at her weasel words she doesn't
say that she's a
the death penalty she says that it's
being applied inconsistently so it's not
the fact that the state is killing
people that she's against it's how we're
killing people and every time she says
the sentence applied is in there yes she
also said it's effective deterrence is
low
I guess now existent is low she's
technically right there yeah okay so
she's what my point there is that she
still she's attempting to maintain the
foundation that is used rhetorically for
the death penalty even while ostensibly
turning against it well she loves
Republican talking points earlier this
year when she was in a town hall when
asked about Medicare for all she said
I'm not for a government takeover of the
entire healthcare system that's not
that's the Republican lie about Medicare
for all
and although hold her position might
change next week
and Abby's point about how she was booed
off the stage she then took that clip
and used it in commercials saying
Republicans I'm as vicious as you are
look progressives don't like me and so
vote for me and that worked back then so
which leads us to the main point here
look Sarah while writing for the LA
Times here largely a very good job in
pointing out hey there was a lot of
opportunities to say that the media was
wrong about your position when you and
you didn't take those opportunities in
other words she's going as far as the as
the mainstream press can go to point out
her inconsistency right now later in the
article she attributes it to a state
senator who has said almost nothing
about the death penalty this is that
that's very frustrating in poor
reporting in my opinion and this is what
the mainstream press alt' does all the
time earlier Dianne Feinstein changed
her position on marijuana and said all
right fine I still hate it and it should
be illegal but you shouldn't arrest the
people in California my stayed at the
federal level it's since we made it
legal
that was not her position she agree with
Jeff Sessions completely and thought you
should arrest the people in California
earlier so who beat her up on that well
Allison Hartson that is another person
running against her in the campaign she
ran an ad on that DeLeon had no position
Allison ran an ad and the
Preston was like well it must be the
state senator in fact in one of the
stories they said he doesn't seem to
have done anything on this issue but I
guess it must have been him or you might
want to dig just a little deeper right
so Alison ran the ad a week later a
flying sign changes our position on
marijuana Alice has been beating Europe
on the death penalty and by the way so
we so who in the race other than Alison
harson or honest has been talking about
how Dianne Feinstein is not vigorously
for the death penalty but viciously for
the death penalty so but no no no if
you're not in the establishment you
don't get credit we're the one pounding
her on this and and and as well we
should because she's not a progressive
and and later in it at one point she was
referred to as a moderate Democrat will
you stop it she's not a moderate
Democrat she's a conservative Democrat I
mean what do you need to do to be called
a conservative bootiful bushes Iraq war
war voter for Bush's tax cuts was for
the death penalty against marijuana
legalization and hence against criminal
justice reform and the list goes on and
on
she gave her old husband hundreds of
millions of dollars over helped her
husband to get the hundreds of millions
of dollars in government contracts after
she started a war in Iraq so that's
pretty convened and the list goes on and
on she's like cuz she's one of the most
conservative Democrats in California I'm
sorry in the country and she represents
California car which she is okay now but
that gets to why people hate politicians
because they're obvious liars so i sarah
wire and other people that all the times
can't say that I understand that that's
not what they do
right that's our job to call it like it
is okay
now they have to go well I mean I have
to be respectful that uh no no but real
people know what Dianne Feinstein and
politicians like her are absolute liars
so she did not change her position years
ago and keep his secret who believes
that who are you even if you're a Dianne
Feinstein supporter whoever you are is
there like a person in California is
like Dianne Feinstein yay for what for
what right
don't get me wrong no they're not there
are people who will vote for her because
that's the only name they know yep right
and that's the only choice that they've
been given by the establishment press
who will help earn every other
imaginable way right and she is the
power incumbency I get all that but are
there people who are like enthused like
yes Dianne Feinstein she's your position
a little bit of marijuana does well to
happen to go vote for her what the why
don't you vote for the people who didn't
have to change their position and who
aren't obvious liars she didn't change
it years ago even if you are that
magical mythical Dianne Feinstein
advocate in California
do you believe she changed it years ago
but never told anyone you don't believe
that and you know that she's lying
through her teeth here when she says it
finally that gets us to maybe even a
more important point because everybody
knows outside of the establishment press
everyone knows politicians are liars
right which is primaries matter when
progressives primary their opponent
they're conservative Democratic
opponents what happened in New York
Andrew Cuomo immediately disbands the
so-called independent Democrats what
happened I thought did he you had
nothing new of them all of a sudden
unchallenged okay okay
progressives wanted me get rid of that
group I got rid of that group Feinstein
Oh fine okay you guys want to smoke weed
okay fine sessions don't arrest them
wink wink is she gonna assist on that if
she's real active no way she's never
gonna mention it again
is she gonna go campaign against the
death penalty no way she's a total liar
but at least because of pressure because
of primaries she's like oh yeah I now I
gotta go on the record and be against
the death penalty god damn it I wanted
to keep murdering them but I can't
because now I have a progressive in a
primary
you should primary every conservative
Democrat every corporate Democrat every
so-called moderate Democrat at least
they get to pretend we forced them into
pretending to be progressives for a
little while I mean I just should be
offensive to progressives it really is
offensive to me that this is the issue
that she leaked slightly to the left on
only because it doesn't hurt big
business only
it doesn't make a dent in her millions
of dollars of corporate donations it's
disgusting
great point she's only moving on things
that do not affect her corporate donors
so you want to move on all the wars you
started in the past and that you're in
favor of today you want to move on that
no you don't want to move on that you
got a lot of defense contractors paying
your bills right you want to move on on
Medicare for all know you're willing to
take any kind of heat you know what she
did after the Town Hall where she said
no no Medicare for all as a government
takeover a week later she went or maybe
two weeks later did fundraisers with
health insurance companies
she's like remember I'm a sellout who
works for you so give me money and
they're like got perfect we've been
giving you money all along and gotten
great return on our investment so Diane
Feinstein the enormous ly corrupt
politician from California is the one we
will support by the way establishment
press again I'm this was one of the
better articles right but everyone else
are you guys paying any attention are
you guys reporters you want to talk
about the corruption you want to pretend
that she has a genuine opinion about
health care no she gets paid to have
these opinions yeah yeah and by the way
this should be the most obvious thing in
the world but I think she's a perfect
example of there's this new wave of
senators and candidates in the primaries
who are rejecting corporate donations
and their campaigns a lot of others are
too scared or too weak and think well I
mean people don't actually like me if I
don't have this money there I had no
chance of actually winning she's been a
senator for decades she has universal
name recognition in California and she
is fabulously wealthy and could sell
find financier campaigns
she has zero need of those corporate
donations if she actually wanted to just
run on her positions and on her values
and she chooses not to yeah I don't know
if I made this clear so I'll double down
on it Diane Feinstein is the heart of
corruption this is systemic corruption
it's the epitome of it
John is exactly right it is a choice
she's making she's been corrupt for so
long that she doesn't know anything but
corruption I take corporate donor money
I do as a
me to do and even though her husband's a
billionaire you know how she she's
starting the race she gave herself five
million dollars for the Camby she has
eighty million dollars on top of her
husband's money she can do she could be
a progressive lion and make everybody
else push in the progressive direction
she could outflank Bernie Sanders to the
left if she wanted to the thing is she
doesn't want to because she grew up in a
system that was deeply corrupt she
succeeded in a system that was deeply
corrupt for her the corruption is not
the bug it's the feature you must vote
her out of office two easy ways for
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
