a group of international investigators
have finally concluded what brought down
Malaysian Airlines flight Malaysia
Airlines 17 as it's referred to now this
was a flight that was or a plane that
was taken down by a missile in Ukraine
years ago and through an investigation
the researchers have determined that the
missile was tied to Russia so internet
an international team of investigators
say the detailed analysis of video
images has established that the missile
that brought down Malaysia Airlines
flight 17 nearly four years ago came
from a Russia based military unit now
there were suspicions that the missile
was tied to Russia but now through the
investigation they were able to prove it
now the passenger jet was headed from
Amsterdam to Malaysia when it was blown
out of the sky over eastern Ukraine on
July 17th 2014
all 298 passengers and crew were killed
so it's important to these to do these
investigations and to get the hard
evidence and to make conclusions and
they were very specific they said it
actually came from the Russian
military's 53rd anti craft missile
brigade Base in the Russian city of
Kursk so having said that it was fairly
obvious who did it from get-go I look
the Russians have always denied it they
strongly deny it as Trump would say and
that's not surprising
so the right-wing authoritarian zealot
government of Putin says are issued a
damn plane down but it came from the
Russian side I shot down a plane going
over Ukraine who do you think did it
Botswana I always use them as an example
I don't know why hey was Chile like
let's shoot down an airliner in eastern
Ukraine and shoot the missile from the
Russian side was it you know Indonesia
for Nori's of course of course it was
Russia so but at least now it is to all
rational people been proven will Russia
ever compensate the victims the family
members of course the Ukraine do any of
that know they'll probably keep strongly
didn't
because they don't care about reality
and we have a lot of discussions about
foreign policy and how you know going
after state-sponsored terrorism is
important but there are some states that
sponsor terrorism that we never worry
about that we never have discussions
about almost 300 innocent people died as
a result of this plane being taken down
by a missile and will Russia pay any
consequences for it I don't know to be
fair I don't know but it is important to
keep in mind that these actions do take
place and there is evidence tying it
back to Vladimir Putin to the Russian
government and I want to be clear that
the investigators did not consist of
people in the DNC in the United States
right I just want to be clear about that
because it's important the investigators
included people from the Netherlands
because clearly this flight went from
the Netherlands to Malaysia at least it
was supposed to and so there were a
number of Dutch investigators involved
in this so this was not a political
attempt to go after Russia this was an
attempt to figure out what happened and
find the evidence to prove it and that's
what they did two easy ways for the
Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
