TYT investigates has found some pretty
shocking information in regard to the
FCC and how there is now a concerted
effort by individuals tied to the Koch
brothers to share analysis that
justifies some of the actions that
right-wing FCC officials like Ajit PI
are doing so the two employees from key
groups financially supported by
billionaire industrialist Charles Koch
and David Koch are creating a new office
within the FCC that will provide
economic data and analysis relating to
FCC policy initiatives this will be
referred to as the office of economics
and analytics now the fact that it's by
people funded by the Koch brothers
should tell you a lot because the Koch
brothers have funded scientists who
claim that climate change either doesn't
exist or that it's not man-made and so
this is really just a portion of the FCC
that would justify what they're doing to
screw consumers over yeah the office
will be named the office of Charles and
David just a coincidence though so the
corruption is now so brazen they're not
bothering to hide it I mean to be fair
we had to dig a little bit to find this
obviously that's why we did this
investigation but I they're not
embarrassed by it these guys are huge
donors to the Republican Party so
they're like hey we'd like an office
inside a government body like the FCC
give me an office so I can manipulate
data and evidence within the government
not just outside of it they're like yes
sir absolutely sir I mean who decide
your PI server anyway all these services
the donors so this should be
unsurprising so an occupy is very much
in favor of this which should tell you a
lot he is the person who pushed to scrap
net neutrality regulations also there's
a conflict of interest problem here
aside from the Koch brothers connection
the FCC records obtained by TYT show
that one of them met with in
correspondent with telecom industry
representatives one of whom was his wife
an email obtained by tty tease showed
that one of them
explicitly hope to recruit officials for
the new office at a telecom industry
event so let's recruit people from the
Barrie industry that we're supposed to
be regulating but so I'm glad we got the
email great work by Alex Koch to show
what's actually happening but also
remember argit pi was a lawyer for
Verizon he worked for the industry and
the excuse they use in Washington is
they have expertise but you're supposed
to be regulating that industry so yeah I
guess you could use that excuse for the
bankers to uh I put a Goldman Sachs guy
in charge of regulating Goldman Sachs
because he's got expertise on goldman
sachs okay probably he's not going to
regulate them very hard and here they
just like who cares just hey let's go
recruit from the industry to regulate
the industry and then later they'll go
back through the revolving door and
they'll get paid and this is how our
corrupt system works and when people
talk about how the system is rigged this
is how it's rigged that's exactly right
and right now the FCC is divided among
party lines so unfortunately three of
the commissioners are Trump supporting
Republicans two of them are on the left
side of the political spectrum
Commissioner Rosen wersal is on the left
and so she's been fighting aggressively
against scrapping new net neutrality but
when it comes to this particular issue
in this particular office that they're
trying to create within the FCC she
wants answers she's asking the right
questions and there is a complete lack
of transparency they're not answering
the questions that she has for them
which again should tell you something
about what this office is real
intentions are and by the way the FCC
says the following I'm sorry Rajat Pi
within the FCC says the following the
FCC should have the economic experts it
needs to identify market failures and
study whether the benefits of commission
action would be warranted given the
costs no you are basically employing
Koch brothers funded individuals who are
just gonna do your bidding for you and
by the way what is could be among the
goals well FCC killed net neutrality
meanwhile the Koch brothers
just had an investment arm by Time
magazine and Sinclair is doing
propaganda for the right wing so you
control TV you control establishment
media you kill the internet voila you've
got all the media too easy wasteful
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
