a state lawmaker in New Mexico got
arrested for drinking under driving
under the influence and apparently her
pleas to the cops as she was getting
investigated for being under the
influence had a lot to do with how she
has fought to protect the rights of
police take a look well that doesn't
make it okay to drink and drive
okay I'm not shooting poorly at all
so as she is getting arrested for
driving under the influence she is
telling these cops
hey I've been defending you when people
say all these negative things about you
you should let me go so who is this
lawmaker it is Monica Youngblood she is
a state representative in New Mexico
this occurred in Albuquerque apparently
she was driving and happened to go
through a police checkpoint she did
several field sobriety tests and failed
them she refused to do a breathalyzer
test and she was promptly arrested as a
result of driving under the influence
but since she is a person in a position
of power she did not spend the night
behind bars which most people do if
they're caught drinking and driving she
was there for about 30 minutes and was
able to leave after that all right that
piece of video was amazing
there was a woman saying I let you guys
be racist and you're still going to
arrest me she says you know people
criticizing criticize you for being
against people of color mm-hmm but I
liked you I defend you I let you be
racist and you're still gonna arrest me
yeah so now look I want to give credit
to the cops here two things one body
cams of the video cameras worked if she
had used her power later and they didn't
have video of it maybe she could have
lied about what the cop said right
that's right but but body cam showed
exactly cops were right she was saying
that stuff okay and they did not play
favorites and they did the right thing
okay
and of course she's a Republican and
shocking I know and then here's another
great part of this story
she had introduced legislation that
thank God was unsuccessful especially
for ourselves she's probably thinking
whoa who dodged the bullet on that one
that would have prohibited the release
of people suspected of aggravated DWI
like herself on their own recognizance
so hey lock them up lock them up right
lock them up when it's you
but I let you be racist hey why did you
by the way why'd you refuse a sobriety
test if you were sober why were you
crying if some day pulled me over for
drinking and I haven't been drinking
I'll take the test and I why would I be
crying actually she did address that in
a statement that she later gave to the
press as a legislator legislature I have
always taken drinking and driving
seriously while I regret the situation
altogether I most definitely regret not
taking the breathalyzer test I look
forward to bringing this matter to a
swift and just conclusion so it appears
that she's denying that she was driving
under the influence and she wishes she
took the breathalyzer to prove I wasn't
no but ya know that's not how it works
you don't take the breathalyzer only
under one circumstance if you're drunk
and really really drunk okay if you
think you're even on the border you'll
take it just in case you passed because
the Court concludes that if you don't
take the breathalyzer that means you
were guilty and she's a legislator she
knows that she's proposed a legislation
about drinking and driving and I will
give her credit she does take it
seriously she's a serious drunk driver
so so I wanted to just comment on the
hypocrisy because as you mentioned she
is a more right-wing state lawmaker who
wants stricter penalties for those who
are caught drinking and driving and I
feel like this story is illustrative of
what we see of people on the right on a
regular basis they want these draconian
laws to be passed because they think of
everyone as the others right the
criminals the people that should be
behind bars we want to be tough on crime
but they never reflect on their own
actions because they feel that they're
above the law they're untouchable of
course I'm gonna drink and get behind
the wheel
by the way drinking and driving is one
of the most sear a take that seriously I
know people who have either lost family
members as a result of drunk drivers or
I know a friend who lost her life
because someone was drinking and driving
crashed into her car while she was on
her way home people lose their lives
because of drunk drivers it is the most
nonsensical thing ever and I love the
fact that you know there
people who are you know putting action
behind their words and and they're
fighting to curb drunk driving but at
the same time the law only applies to
everyone else when it comes to
Republicans even when it comes to things
like smoking pot for instance like think
about how the Bush administration was
when it came to the issue of marijuana
very very strict when it came to
marijuana legislation but when it came
to Bush and him smoking while he was in
college that was okay
yeah and last piece of Republican 101
here so one she wants to be above the
law mm-hmm look I want to punish drunk
drivers but cops I'm on your side right
so let me just not follow the law
well that sounds like some other
Republican I know second of all don't
take the breathalyzer so you later you
can say I deny it I strongly deny it
right no you don't take the breathalyzer
that means you're guilty guilty
she's like I'm looking for a swift and
just conclusion I've got an idea how
about you resign immediately so I
remember what the Republicans said about
Spitzer whatever your point of view is
on prostitution he prosecuted other
people who would frequented proceso
great by that standard she look whatever
you think I'm a drunk driving she was
she wanted to crack down on the drunk
drivers great you get to actually live
those words now crack down on yourself
immediately resign in shame and then
we'll see about criminal charges she
might actually resign because she didn't
break one law there she broke two so the
fact that she mentioned her position is
illegal a crime for public officials to
use their offices to obtain personal
benefits so she is currently being
investigated by state officials and
we'll see how that you know concludes
but she potentially broke two laws there
and it is pretty serious mindset and the
thought process for many politicians
they get paid by certain people and they
do their bidding like and then so the
people who donated their thousands and
thousands of dollars them won't be like
I paid you money you do what I say and
they go on it's what I do got you so now
since she's in a position of being
arrested he's like hey I'm doing all
this stuff for police office you're
supposed to do me a favor come back cuz
that's how politics works you know how
the real world works too I do a few you
help me out and let me
look doesn't work that way yeah and
sometimes it does so he gets credit to
the cops
yeah and credit to the Attorney General
who's now investigating this case the
only thing I have left to say is lock
her up lock her up you did the drink
drunk driving you think they wouldn't
lock you up you would spend the night in
jail
you would that's what happens let alone
what else would happen two easy ways for
the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
