a Saudi journalist and also a Saudi
dissident his name is Jamal khashoggi
has gone missing after he visited the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul now as I
mentioned he had decided to leave Saudi
Arabia after he criticized the Saudi
royals and apparently when he went to
this consulate in Istanbul he went
specifically to get a document in order
to marry his Turkish fiancee and been
missing since now investigators argue
that he is dead
however the Saudi government is arguing
that no that is not the case the Turkish
investigators have concluded that he's
dead the Saudi government maintains that
he left the consulate on October 2nd and
is not in their custody now the Saudis
have not provided any evidence of that
and so far surveillance from the
consulate does not show him leaving
after he had gone there to get the
documents he needed to marry his fiancee
now khashoggi a Saudi citizen has been
living in self-imposed exile in the
United States since last year he visited
the Saudi consulate and in Savile to
collect a document that would allow him
to marry his Turkish fiancee but was
told that he would have to return so he
actually left went to a conference in
London and then returned to the
consulate at the time that was specified
now this is where things start to get
very strange and incredibly devastating
if you're to believe what the Turkish
investigation has found so a senior
Turkish official said that within two
hours of his arrival
mr. khashoggi was killed by a team of
Saudi agents who dismembered his body
with a bone saw
they brought for that very purpose and
there were chartered flights that
contained Saudi officials as many as 15
Saudi officials that came from Saudi
Arabia to this Saudi consulate in
Istanbul 15 Saudi agents had arrived on
two charter flights last Tuesday the day
that mr. Khashoggi disappeared and this
is according to the Turkish official who
did speak to the press
on the condition of anonymity all 15
left just a few hours later and Turkey
has now identified the roles that most
or all of them held in the Saudi
government or security services one was
an autopsy expert presumably there to
help dismember the body now I want to be
clear about something there are
conflicts in the various accounts and
stories coming forward this is what
we're hearing from the Turkish side of
the story we have no proof or evidence
at the moment but with that said from
from what I gather in this story what
the investigators are telling us seems
to make the most sense all right well
look so here's some important context we
shared some of it with you yesterday but
first of all the the Turkish government
is having issues with the Saudi
government that should be noted and it
is very important context they're more
on the side of Qatar and Qatar and has
been beefing if you will with Saudi
Arabia and UAE so there's some
diplomatic bad feelings there if there
weren't I don't know the Turkish
government would be this vigilant in
following up with this crime is showing
you all the gory details if that is true
but secondly the American government
with the notable exception of Donald
Trump which we'll get to in a second has
been fairly outraged by this now the
American government is allied with Saudi
Arabia and so if they're outraged by it
well there's some pretty good chance
that they think that the Saudis did it
okay and that would be very very
relevant so for me what what kind of
swayed me on the side of of believing
what the Turkish investigators have
found is is what we've seen through US
intelligence intercepts right so I want
to give you the information on that real
quick let's go to graphic seven so
according to the Washington Post US
intelligence intercepts obtained by the
post showed the operation was ordered by
the Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman now the crown prince has had
issues with this journalist because this
journalist has been highly critical of
him which is why he was living in the
United States due to his own
self-imposed exile and so if these
intercepts say what the Washington Post
claims they say it appears that
you know the Saudi officials under the
direction of the Saudi Arabian Crown
Prince did go after this journalist the
question is did they really murder him
or did they simply abduct him so look
some things are indisputable to show you
as part of the inner circle of the Saudi
government and they felt that he
betrayed them so it's like in the case
of the poisoning in the UK with the
Russians Russian agent that flipped on
Putin gets poisoned in the middle of the
UK gee I wonder who did it I mean it
wasn't the Norwegians okay so in this
guy it's a they so they felt
particularly betrayed by Khashoggi they
tried to lure him these are undisputed
facts they try to lure him back into
Saudi Arabia with fake promises of jobs
and forgiveness etc and he he didn't buy
it and thought that that was a trap he
was right about that we apparently had
information that they were the Saudis
were trying to capture him we did not
warn khashoggi who was a Washington Post
columnist living in Virginia but we
didn't warn him so that was a terrible
mistake I think by the US government and
then we know he went at the consulate
and we know he did not come out so
that's not a good fact pattern for the
Saudis so where is he I mean right now
the crown prince might be in the middle
of writing a book if I did it this is
how he did it right and and I'm sure
he's looking for the real killer but if
if they didn't kill him
we'd like to see him right and so far
nobody's seen him since exactly so now
the latest update to the story has been
the reaction from the US government and
so of course there has been a lot of
attention paid to what Trump has had to
say about this now if you can recall
earlier in his term Trump had signed a
deal with Saudi Arabia in order to sell
weapons to the Saudis in fact to give
you details in May Trump signed a
multi-billion dollar arms agreement with
Saudi Arabia worth 110 billion dollars
immediately and 350 billion dollars over
ten years which would supply Saudi
Arabia with tanks missile defense
systems and fighter jets and so the big
question was well it appears
that the Saudi Royals have done
something horrible here so doesn't it
make sense to halt the sale of weapons
to Saudi Arabia and here's what Trump
had to say in response to that I don't
like stopping massive amounts of money
that's being poured into our country and
I'm I know they're talking about
different kinds of sanctions but they're
spending a hundred and ten billion
dollars on military equipment and on
things that create jobs like jobs and
others for this country I don't like the
concept of stopping an investment of a
hundred and ten billion dollars into the
United States because you know what
they're gonna do they're gonna take that
money and spend it in Russia or China or
someplace else so I think there are
other ways if it turns out to be as bad
as it might be there are certainly other
ways of handling this situation but I
will tell you up front right now and
I'll say the front of senators they're
spending a hundred and ten billion
dollars purchasing military equipment
and other things if we don't sell it to
them they'll say well thank you very
much we'll buy it from Russia or thank
you very much we'll buy it from China
that doesn't help us but as to whether
or not we should stop a hundred and ten
billion dollars from being spent in this
country knowing they have four or five
alternatives two very good alternatives
that would not be acceptable to me so I
just want to make a quick sidenote Genk
before you jump in remember that one of
the biggest issues that Trump and
Republicans specifically have with Iran
is that hey you know what the Iran
nuclear deal isn't enough Iran is you
know sponsoring terrorism throughout the
world they're also taking place in proxy
wars including Syria for instance Yemen
another example and I think that that's
a legitimate criticism but isn't the
United States engaging in very similar
activity if we're supplying Saudi Arabia
with weaponry like this knowing that
they're there committing these types of
crimes against humanity I don't know
well they would say oh my god how could
you dare you compare those two things
Hezbollah from time to time has killed
civilians and what has sounder
Rabia done again in Yemen killed
thousands upon thousands of civilians
displaced millions of people but at
Trump's logic is who cares we're making
money off of it now what he doesn't tell
you is I mean he disguises it as as
almost all politicians do to be fair in
terms of oh we're creating jobs in
America yeah you're also creating a lot
of money than the defense contractors
give you and almost all the Republicans
and by the way a lot of the Democrats so
they're among the top campaign
contributors and they spread that
political bribes all throughout the
political class so that's why the
political elite I mean those guys write
me checks they write me checks we really
gonna stop it over some other dude that
they kill they didn't kill me they
killed that guy so now to be fair that
some of the politicians including
Republican politicians nonetheless have
been tough on Saudi Arabia and I want to
applaud him for that but not Trump Trump
is all about the money his own and and
and he just looks at it from that point
of view look one more thing under his
logic what we're making money that means
we could sell weapons to anybody
including Iran you said well I mean Iran
could get it from Russia no you get it
from China they might as well get over
Maz let's make some money right but we
don't do that we go never no one should
ever sell weapons to Iran or has blow or
anyone else exactly under that logic we
can give the North Korea I mean Trump
might okay but but no there are some
countries you should not sell weapons to
if they show complete disregard for
human life so civilians and the you know
rule of law on the other hand there is
another leader who shows total disregard
for rule of law exactly and and
disregard for human life is really the
more the more devastating point here
because remember Trump is the president
of the United States and in this
particular case he shows a clear
disregard for human life I mean he seems
to be completely uninformed about a
khashoggi who he is where he lived why
he lived there I'll give you an example
of that just take a look at the next
video where he seems to be unaware of
where could show he was living first I
want to find out what
and we're looking again just a place in
Turkey and to the best of our knowledge
khashoggi is not a United States citizen
is that right
it's permanent resident okay so again he
was living in the United States he was a
permanent resident and it was
self-imposed exile because of fear of
retaliation from the Saudis Hey look
you're about to go on national tell you
one minute of homework you're about to
say hey I don't care that they
dismembered a Washington Post columnist
living in Virginia who's a permanent
resident can you find out where did he
live but what you see like what the
first question I would ask I would
assume that you would ask is hey wait is
a US citizen that's a fair question
right he's a US citizen we got more
interest in it I wish it weren't the
case and we should care about all human
beings but that makes sense he's the
president of America is here he didn't
bother asking visa citizen he's a good
good was he is he a citizen dude ask the
questions before you go in front of the
cameras do one minute of homework and so
we're talking about a hundred like
hundreds of billions of dollars on one
hand and a Washington Post reporter on
the other like why would he care I mean
that's that's that's the if that's not
what he believes or what he genuinely
thinks it's certainly coming across that
way and can I just say NSR interrupts I
mean he calls the Washington Post and
other reporter outlets media outlets
enemy of the people
yes so like we did a story on it
yesterday Geraldo Rivera said was
outraged by it
outraged by what I mean the guy says
that their press is the enemy of the
people Gerardo I don't know if you know
this you're part of the press kind of
right and so is it that much of a
stretch to go from any of the enemy of
the people to killing them they're the
enemy of the people that's exactly the
category that the government targets so
now in this case it's our press but the
Saudi government considered him an enemy
of the people
so it appears they killed them and does
Trump look concerned well it if that
wasn't enough evidence for you we have
one more
video you know regarding his thoughts on
the Saudis specifically take a look it's
a state with us-saudi relations sir I
would say they are excellent I've told
them they've got to pay for their
military you know Saudi Arabia has a is
a very rich country okay so know what
the priorities are you know in another
part of that insane Fox and Friends
conversation they asked him did you talk
to the Saudis about Khashoggi and he
said well I can't I can't talk about
that but yes what you just did you just
talked about it okay
I I don't I don't know I don't feel
hopeless with this guy yeah so look of
course he's not gonna defend the press
seats of course he's not gonna
difference and and if he's gonna do
anything you know I mean like if you're
the Saudi government and you just
dismember this guy if right and you just
saw at Rumpke well I care more about the
money the money they're a very rich
country right and what did you just hear
you just heard green light you thought
well they probably we probably had the
green light ahead of time he hates the
press he all he cares about his money
he's our big allied and and you know
we're buttering him up on his personal
fortune as well and and and apparently
US intelligence knew that they were
gonna take some action against Khashoggi
and you said nothing green light green
light green light
afterwards still when it comes to Trump
green light do whatever you like kill
whoever you like as long as you keep
paying us and particularly me and my
party the TYT Plus app is now available
on iOS and Android download to get more
Tea Party content at TYT com slash app
