dapple style protesters could face jail
under a new critical infrastructure
protection law interesting we we don't
really do much to protect people we
don't really do much to protect people
when it comes to laws helping or
protecting people ooh
how are we gonna pay for that where are
we gonna we can't do that but as far as
critical infrastructure which I don't
have you driven around this country I
have they can substitute the phrase
critical infrastructure with
infrastructure they can just our roots
are terrible our roads are terrible and
278 zip codes don't have clean water
richest country in the world don't
forget don't forget and dapple they were
protesting some of that stuff weren't
they they were protesting the Dakota
access pipeline that was going to go
through what their land land that was
theirs and what happened to them they
were pummeled with freezing cold water
and freezing cold temperature literally
hired hired enforcement were hired to
brutalize them that's what they were
hired for to pummel them with cold water
we should have had legislation
protecting protesters the next day in a
land that claims to celebrate freedom of
speech freedom to assemble where we
entertained the idea that at times
dissidents is the greatest form of
patriotism that's something I believe
all the time and every day but no
instead we protect quote unquote
critical infrastructure and what do we
want to do to these people standing up
for land that is theirs standing up for
a cause standing up for the rights of
other human beings whatever the protest
may be we want to punish them more we
want to punish them because I guess the
punishments that we've had has not been
enough I guess people at dapple getting
pummeled with
freezing cold water in sub-zero
temperatures that wasn't enough I guess
it occupy when police were routinely
roughing up protesters one of them
sprayed an 80 year old woman in the face
with pepper spray an 80 year old woman
sprayed in the face with pepper spray
I guess that's that's that's dude
they're getting away with stuff here
that's not that's that's not I I guess
Ferguson I guess in Ferguson when people
were protesting the execution the
execution of a unarmed black teenager
the execution with no consequence when
people were protesting that they were
greeted by cops with guns drawn guns
pointed by the way but I guess we need I
guess we need more legislation cracking
down on protesters I guess I I mean they
they just they just have it so great how
about Heather hiring in Charlottesville
that got murdered by a car that there
should be laws protecting protesters not
laws demonizing people that protest
further if this law passes in Louisiana
that's one of the that's one of the
state's legislation like this is and
there's there's legislation in Minnesota
Louisiana Iowa Ohio Oklahoma and
Pennsylvania a protestor could go to
prison for participating in a peaceful
protest at a pipeline construction site
or for taking part in a discussion thank
you for the discussion about that
possibility quotes like that you wonder
if George Orwell had a time machine and
traveled into the future then came back
and wrote in 1984 and was thinking man
by about 2022 they are really gonna get
a kick out of this they're gonna be like
holy how did he know that's the thought
police that's the thought police taking
part in a discussion about that possible
we might go to a protest and assemble
peacefully
subject to arrest that's a warrant hey
we heard you were talking about maybe
peacefully good I'm not reading an
article from the onion this is real this
is real this is real news this is really
happening discussion a protestor could
go to prison for participating in a
peaceful protest or taking part in the
discussion they might talk about it hmm
they might talk about it Wow the
Minnesota legislation carries a penalty
of up to one year in prison for those
found guilty of recruiting training
aiding advising or conspiring conspiring
with trespassers the penalty can be
increased to ten years ten years ten
years
if the trespasser intends to
substantially disrupt substantially
disrupt the facility as opposed to
minimally disrupting it or it's not
disrupting at all well the point
protests you have to disrupt something
you have to interrupt the day-to-day of
a city or an area because you are there
and you are saying this is a cause
that's important so much so that you
should be interrupted that is the point
of protesting otherwise you're not
you're just you're just sitting there or
standing there or talking or which by
the way talking that's a felony talking
is a felon if you're planning a we
should protest somewhere Oh be carefully
be careful war is peace don't say that
don't say that it's as if you ate real
chocolate or had actual coffee you can't
say that anymore
what's conspiracy in this case
conspiracy merely requires two or more
people to agree to do something and at
least one of them to take some action to
further that objective
hey there's three of us in a room
we're having a good
we're chillin I'm saying hey you know
what we should protest we should protest
this thing that's going on this pretty
lame sauce you want to protest it yeah I
want to protest it person 3 also wants
to protest all three of us were down to
protest one of them goes out and checks
a site take some notes and reports back
to us ladies and gentlemen we just
committed a crime we just conspired
according to this legislation we just
conspired that's happening in six states
in a land where peaceful protesters are
brutalized are beaten are pummeled with
freezing cold water are executed and are
thrown in jail that's already been
happening where journalists are thrown
in jail or threatened with jail time
that happened in desk the Apple look up
Amy Schlossberg woke up Amy Goodman that
happended Apple we decide we need
legislation like this we need
legislation like this to deal with
protesters because we got to protect our
infrastructure our infrastructure that
by the way we refuse to invest in
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
