a recent survey by navigator research
looked into what percentage of Americans
are aware about the Muller investigation
into potential Russian collusion and
obstruction of justice and what
percentage of Americans believe that
Muller has found evidence of wrongdoing
now to be clear Muller has found
evidence of wrongdoing and we'll get to
those details in just a minute but
here's what Americans think a majority
of Americans 59% say that Robert
Muller's investigation into Russia and
the 2016 campaign has not yet uncovered
evidence of any crimes even though in
reality Muller has already obtained five
guilty pleas and 17 criminal indictments
and I will get to the specifics of those
guilty pleas and indictments in just a
minute now
let's take a look at some more data how
much have you heard about this
investigation and unsurprisingly a huge
portion of Americans have heard quite a
bit about this investigation let's look
at graphic 23 so 49% say they've heard a
lot 32% have said they've heard some
only 15% say that they've heard a little
and only 3% say that they've heard
nothing at all okay can we pause there
for a second yeah because I'm so envious
of that 3% I know that I couldn't do it
I love the news that's why I do this
show and I when I'm away from the news I
get cranky well that's though but 3% of
this country's never heard them all our
investigation never heard of it they
live in their cave and they're
blissfully ignorant of everything else
going on on the planet and in their
little neck of the woods or their Shire
or whatever right it probably things are
not hunky-dory but at least they're not
stressed out by right Oh like the
madness going out of the world and they
live this like you know in my fantasy
they a little bit peaceful existence
Shire where there are no problems and
there is no Trump but there is no Muller
but anyway in reality is probably the
folks are pretty clueless and they don't
live in that utopia right exactly okay
so to the best of your knowledge this is
a survey question to the best of your
knowledge has the investigation covered
or uncovered any
and if you look at this graph you'll see
that only 41% say yes the investigation
uncovered crimes and 59 percent say no
okay so there have been again a lot of
interesting things proven or interesting
things have come out from this
investigation now Trump so far doesn't
seem to be in a lot of trouble but
remember Muller hasn't disclosed
everything that he's found in his
investigation we don't know what's gonna
happen to Trump but here's what we do
know
so Michael Flynn Rick Gates George
papadopolis
they have pleaded guilty to making false
statements and then also Rick gates
pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy also keep in mind that Paul
man afford Trump's campaign chair is
facing two separate indictments one in
DC about conspiracy money laundering
false statements and failure to disclose
foreign assets and one in Virginia about
tax financial and bank fraud charges so
that's something that came out of the
investigation but the majority of
Americans are unaware of that listen two
points here first to be fair to folks I
think this question slightly unclear I
think that a lot of people might have
thought has it shown uncovered any
crimes about Trump and was there they
would be right to say don't know because
it's it has not concluded I certainly
have strong opinions about that based on
what is available publicly but not
everybody is in the news business and
they don't know all those details etc so
if they said hey does not yet uncovered
crimes about Trump that's not a terrible
answer I get that on the other hand it
also does show you the power of again
propaganda and the uneven playing field
we had between strong Republicans and
weak Democrats in this country because
if Barack Obama's campaign manager had
been indicted on money laundering and
all of these incredibly serious charges
and his national security adviser had
already pleaded guilty and taken a plea
deal and there what and people connected
to his campaign were foreign in people
13 of them charged and then the list
goes on and on do you think
if you ask the American people has there
been any crimes associated with this the
same question that it would be 41
percent saying no crimes no it would be
eighty-one percent saying crimes why
because the Republicans and Fox News
would have been like the criminal obama
administra criminal criminal metaphor
Slade Flynn metaphor thirteen Russians
gates Papadopoulos guilty guilty guilty
guilty right and people look at all
those crimes right and he wears a tan
colored suit yeah that's right but
Democrats paddy-cake paddy-cake
yeah so and and there is no Fox
equivalent so yeah I know
MSNBC won't shut up about Russia but
it's it's not like these the fact that
these are crimes and they are associated
with Trump and now so one the Democrats
are terrible at making their case and
the media is skewed by how strong Fox is
I'm keeping a real right they a push an
agenda until everyone else is talking
about it and and then the other part of
it is that the Republicans push back
right you see that you think the
Democrats will push back if this was a
democratic president you would have
resigned thirteen months ago right it
was the first time there were charges
the rest of the Democrats would have
gotten in a circle and not of wagons but
of a firing squad and they would have
been like oh my god this is gonna hurt
the rest of us this is gonna panic panic
it's a distraction what are we gonna get
stepped out right away right away oh my
god your national security advisers
already pled guilty
we're dope you gotta you gotta quit
right now they wouldn't a circle the
wagons he has thrown the guy out of the
bus immediately and that kind of an
uneven playing field of course only
forty one percent of the country
realizes the fact that there has been a
ton of crimes to which people have
already pled guilty I mean my mind just
keeps going back to the criticisms that
Obama dealt with when he was in office
so I mean he was demonized because of
Reverend Wright right because it was
because of newsroom right there ever
right commit any crimes no he didn't but
that's my point that's my point
I mean Obama was demonized for that
purpose for his ties to run
right no Anna that's such a great point
I hadn't thought of it that way remember
what the Reverend right criticism was
Reverend Wright says something we don't
like about America and Obama happened to
be in the same building as him he was in
the same building as him he was in the
same building as him in the same
building you know Obama say yes that
Obama applauded that Obama say old man
Reverend Wright is right did Obama make
the comments were they cut crimes or
were they comments here were comments so
what else made he was in the building
right and they were here we have the
National Security Advisor your campaign
chairman some already guilty the others
on their waiting prison right and it's
all these in 17 indictments five killed
people etc etc well we're having a
debate we're having a civil debate well
has any crimes been committed
majority the country thinks no right on
even playing field
two easy ways folly on Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
