Lesley Stahl has revealed something
pretty explosive about Donald Trump but
it's only explosive if you haven't been
paying attention to him and the way that
he's been talking about any media
coverage that's negative about him now
he says some pretty disparaging things
about media but he does it for a
specific reason
Lesley Stahl explained why during the
deadline Club of New York this is a
group of journalists who get together
and do journalists things give each
other awards or something we give a
wonderful report yes okay but with that
said I want you to hear from Lesley
Stahl herself so take a look before the
interview I met with him in Trump Tower
at one point he started to attack the
press and it's just me and my boss and
him in a he has a huge office and he's
attacking the press and there were no
cameras there was nothing going on and I
said you know that is getting tired why
are you doing this you're doing it over
and over and it's boring and it's it's
time to end that do you know you've won
the nomination and why do you keep
hammering at this and he said you know
why I do it I do it to discredit you all
and demean you also when you write
negative stories about me no one will
believe you said that so put that in
your head for a minute okay I have so
many things to say about this story the
first of which is of course why he's
doing it so look it's thinking about why
it makes sense and how unfortunately
like there's nothing you can do about it
he if for his supporters whatever he
says is true by definition so they're
not gonna listen to you once he's
discredited you in that way and and so
and for others it should be really
obvious that that's what he's doing but
to me the the most disturbing part of
that video is the groan from the other
journalists in the room did that not
occur to you was that not you're going
assumption okay
of course like first of all the who
cares if he's doing it in a genuine way
or now but it's so obviously to
discredit your stories that are actually
true
okay and in one of his tweets I'm sorry
you know what here put up graphic 21
right so he writes the fake news is
working overtime that's his standard
stuff right he says just repeated that
despite the tremendous success we're
having what the economy and all things
else now listen to this part 91% of the
network news about me is negative and
then in parentheses fake see that's just
him admitting that it's not actually
fake it's stuff he doesn't like it's
negative about him that doesn't mean
that it's not true he completes those
two things so if you are a smart person
you already know that he's doing that if
you are a dumb person you're already
voting for him and don't care right so
like how could the press not know that
that's what he's doing to be fair to the
press I mean we're obviously playing a
guessing game as to what they're
thinking and why they're groaning but if
I were in that audience of journalists I
would I would have the same reaction
even though I know what he's doing I've
been aware of what he's doing it's just
a reaction to show that you disapprove
right I think that's really about there
now with that said though you know my
take on this story is the fact that
Trump has a base and some portion of
that base would refer to themselves as
constitutionalists right people who
really value the Constitution and yet
they misunderstand what the whole
purpose of freedom of the press is they
misunderstand what the whole purpose of
the press is the press is not meant to
be the president's personal PR company
right or PR agents like the press is
supposed to hold people in power
accountable for their actions and that
includes the president includes business
people the whole point of journalism and
in the very beginning was muckraking
right raking the muck these were people
who would investigate shady businesses
that were screwing over consumers and
they would reveal everything to people
so they were informed about what was
going on that's the whole purpose it's
not to be
Trump's personal PR company no yeah look
I think you're exactly right but I'm
gonna go even further I think that the
journalism schools in this country or
I'm gonna say a pretty big statement
here are doing it all wrong it's like
the problem with the cops we're training
them wrong why are they shooting so
quick because we told them to shoot so
quick that's in their training so in the
journalism schools they're teaching this
neutrality which is maddening it is the
exact opposite of journalism now so they
say all right now look you got if you
get both sides and and implicitly
they're telling people to call it 50/50
so well hey now you gotta be fair to
Republicans because they keep screaming
at us no you don't have to be fair to
Republicans you don't have to be fair to
anyone that's right and what do we mean
by that does that mean you should be
unfair no it means you have to be fair
to the facts to the facts no matter
where they lie so if it turns out the
Democrats are have donors that are
giving them money to do the
export-import bank which is basically
crony capitalism you don't have to call
it crony capitalism you don't have to
say you don't like Democrats but you
should point out where they get their
money and why they're agreeing to the
export-import bank as an example right
for the Republicans you should point out
that they do record breaking obstruction
etc etc but part of the problem is they
go no even-handed even-handed is not
real journalism it's in fact the
opposite of it is saying I know what the
truth is but I'm gonna cover it up I'm
not gonna let my audience know it
instead I'm gonna present them this
version of a reality which is 50/50
right Republicans say this Democrats say
that who cares what they say what's
reality so one more thing about that
look it's not just that they don't want
to offend Republicans which is a
horrible horrible standard you should
never teach that in journalism school
who cares who you're offending right
they're not but they're not teaching
people hey don't offend anyone they're
they're trying to constantly drill into
students heads that you have to be
objective or else it'll destroy your
career right and people mistake
objectivity with neutrality being
objective
is a good thing you should be objective
but in that in that pursuit of
objectivity you should also seek the
truth but and who's telling the truth
who's lying being neutral is not doing
your job it's just regurgitating with
both sides are saying no that's a
hundred percent right Anna but but the
the I feel like from everything that I
have seen from the professors and the
seminars of the conference everything
that I have attended and what I see on
television what I see the so-called
experts writing about talking about is
that they buy objectivity they are
totally confusing their students and
objectivity is the facts the facts not
well okay but did you get the Republican
point of view sure get all points of
view but you don't have to write all of
that in you only have to write the facts
in right so because if you say okay now
here are the facts
but now I'm going to spend 90% of the
time telling you what the two sides
think well then you've got all of your
audience to focus on what the two sides
think instead of what the facts are
right so look at last thing about this
which is really important that I and I
have never had quite said it this way
before and in fact it was part of this
story that I had kind of a PIFAN II
about it it's not just that they're
worried about offending Republicans or
Trump they're actually afraid of
offending Republican viewers and readers
because and they are special little
snowflakes so if you tell Republicans
that Republicans are wrong about
anything they will cry for hours and
hours and they'll start to say all we
should boycott and we should do this and
the president right but and I get why
that's a business imperative think about
it for a second so you're running a
television station as an example what do
they tell you hey look a lot of your
viewers or Republicans but then what is
the implication of that make sure you
don't give them the truth make sure you
give them bland vanilla that doesn't
offend them or the Democrats liberals or
conservatives well if you're delivering
news that doesn't offend anyone you're
not delivering news what you're doing is
delivering a product that advertisers
etc are happy with but you're not doing
journalism two easy ways
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below then you're a TYT subscriber
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on youtube you are notified of
our videos
