the NFL has just announced its new
policy in regard to players who kneel
during the national anthem and
unfortunately the NFL is not siding with
the protesting players they are
demanding that players who are on the
field during the national anthem stand
up during the anthem and if they refuse
to do so then they should remain in the
locker rooms or at least somewhere off
the field where no one can see them and
no one will notice or care that they're
protesting so Commissioner Roger Goodell
said that owners voted to find teams if
their players are on the field or
sidelines but do not stand during the
national anthem though players will be
allowed to stay in the locker room if
they choose so previously the players
were forced to be out on the field and
they've changed that policy to basically
let them know if you don't want to stand
then stay in the locker room all League
and team personnel shall stand and show
respect for the flag and the anthem that
was an exact quote from Roger Goodell
again the NFL Commissioner the new
policy was adopted without involvement
from the players union and the union did
respond to this policy change and we'll
get to their statement in just a second
but I want to open this up to you jank
range okay yeah I will rage on a couple
of things first of all the Commissioner
says they will impose appropriate
discipline on the players if they dare
to express their freedom of speech
lashings maybe I don't know what the
discipline will be now I say then you
might say well that's an over-the-top
comment
well Texas owner Bob McNair said that
the NFL players letting them kneel and
and make those decisions on their own as
if they're human beings with rights it
was quote the inmates running the prison
and at the time there was a lot of
blowback from it so he briefly
apologized later he just said that he
the only thing he regretted was
apologizing and and that the inmates
should not run the prison and Bob McNair
said in regards to this there was a
secret recording there's Bob McNair the
horrible person who owns that he
fix's there they're a fun team it's a
shame that I forced to root against them
you know Shawn Watson JJ Watt it's a
it's a great anyway so but it's hard to
root for these guys when their owners
are such bad guys McNair said in these
recordings that that the New York Times
got you fellas need telling the players
you fellas need to ask your compadres
fellas stop that other business let's go
out and do something that really
produces positive results and will help
you in other words know your role your
role is to listen to my orders and
perform for me okay and so now let's
break down the different problems here
okay Roger Goodell said it was
unfortunate that on-field protest create
a false perception among many that
thousands of NFL players were
unpatriotic this is not and was never
the case but by changing the rule you
just confirmed it you just confirmed
that false perception that they were
unpatriotic that is why you're now
making them stand for the flag and it's
not only how he changed the policy or
how they changed the policy it's also
the statement that he gave after
changing the policy all League and team
personnel shall stand and show respect
for the flag and the anthem well if it
was a false perception that they were
not respecting the flag in the anthem
why did you just double down on it and
say that statement and an even Bob Kraft
who is a huge supporter of Donald Trump
in the recordings that the New York
Times got would when the NFL owners were
talking to the place later they made the
decision without talking to the players
but in the time they were pretending to
care about the players Kraft said in the
room the problem we have is that we have
a president who will use that as fodder
to do his mission that I don't feel is
in the best interest of America
referring to how what Trump is doing is
not in the best interest of America even
went on to say this is the owner of the
Patriots it's divisive and it's horrible
but wait a minute you just said yes we
submit to Donald Trump we will force our
players to stand for the anthem because
he wanted it even though
you acknowledge it was divisive and
horrible among the many different
problems here how pathetically weak are
you all you know when it comes to like
disciplining their players they're all
tough guys right
I'm the billionaire okay you you you
perform for me okay and I'm gonna
discipline you when Trump spanks your
sorry ass all of a sudden oh sorry mr.
president sorry sorry okay we'll make it
most in we'll make it most stay well
please remember when they were out there
in the plate and they some of the owners
even took a knee
you remember that even Jerry Jones did
that what happened in that all of a
sudden you're not taking a knee while
you are you're bending a knee to
president Trump we're so sad and
pathetic so look I got more but go ahead
yeah no I I think that this is great you
know I think that this is a great way of
showing love for your country and
showing that you're a patriot but I I
worry that this doesn't go far enough in
fact I think that it would be a good
idea to hire more police officers who
manned the stadiums throughout the
country and they provide citations to
anyone who is not standing during the
American the national anthem
everyone so if you happen to be at the
concession stand scratching your ass as
the national anthem is happening on the
field well then you will get a citation
okay some sort of fine if you happen to
be in the bathroom when the national
anthem starts I don't know maybe prison
sentence you know because you got a show
respect for the flag and the national
anthem look the reason why I'm saying
this is because no one cared no one paid
attention to what was happening during
the national anthem on the field of any
sporting event until you had athletes
who had the audacity to respectfully
protest the fact that members of their
communities were getting shot and killed
because of the fact that they are part
of a minority group unarmed individuals
in their communities were shot and
killed but yet all of a sudden since you
have black athletes protesting something
everyone's outraged about the fact that
you know their perception is that
they're not respecting the national
anthem it's ridiculous okay so so many
things say number one the whole idea
disrespecting the military is made up
it's a lie that's not why they're doing
it it's never been why they're doing it
they were very very clear but you don't
treat them as human beings you don't
treat them as the men that they are and
you say oh no no I'm gonna pretend that
you were doing this about the mills but
they they could make a point about over
militarization but that's not the point
they're making they're making your point
about police abuse but you don't want to
talk about that that disrespects the
issue that disrespects a lot of your
fans but if you're a white right wing
fan we all have to bow down to you and
Donald Trump if you're an
african-american fan or you're a decent
human being who's a fan of football your
views on police abuse and how we need to
retrain the cops to respect the citizens
is irrelevant
who cares you're spitting in our face
how about else don't we have rights
okay no only the right wing God dares
and by the way as always their most
special snowflakes oh my god I feel
slightly disrespected take away their
rights so what does the flag stand for
this stands for America it stands for
the principles of America for example
United States Constitution for example
the First Amendment of the Constitution
and apparently since the right wing is
so ignorant that they don't know what's
in the First Amendment I'm gonna read it
to you okay the First Amendment says
Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting
the free exercise thereof or abridging
the freedom of speech or of the press or
the right of the people peaceably to
assemble and to petition the government
for a redress of grievances it is the
core of what America stands for so when
you tell people you are not allowed to
seek redress of grievances you are not
allowed to speak out an issue that is
really important to you you're the one
disrespecting the flag so with these
horrible NFL owners who don't respect
our country and who don't respect our
flag are the ones that are violating all
of our principles and are totally
unpatriotic and they sicken me two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscriber
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on YouTube you are notified of
our videos
you
