Democrats in Congress have been barred
from a Department of Justice briefing
about the FBI informant that supposedly
infiltrated Trump's presidential
campaign now this is all in response to
the New York Times and Washington Post
reporting that the FBI and Department of
Justice had decided to investigate some
campaign staffers in the in the Trump
campaign because there was some evidence
to indicate that they were working with
Russians now Trump believes that this
was all done for political reasons even
though none of us knew that this
informant even existed until years after
the election took place but nonetheless
John Kelly has excluded Democrats from a
meeting planned for Thursday tomorrow to
provide more information about the FBI
informant that Trump claims infiltrated
his 2016 campaign now let me be clear
about something
an informant a Republican informant did
infiltrate the campaign and did meet
with people like George papadopolis but
it was not done for political reasons it
was done because people like George
papadopolis were bragging about their
contact with the Russians with an
Australian diplomat for instance while
the election was taking place so that
gives you a little bit of as an
investigator as someone working in the
FBI that gives you a reason to want to
investigate that further I have two fun
points to make first is something we
have to acknowledge and we haven't for a
long time it's elephant in the room that
Papadopoulos is a hilarious thing no I
love the name Papadopoulos actually his
name and it's unfortunate that the
person who has that name is the person
he is yes now glasshouse on names but
nonetheless
here you go Papadopoulos throw it his
throne anyway hey now I know important
things
Trump says they infiltrated my campaign
for political reasons and then kept a
secret so wouldn't hurt my campaign what
if they had done it for political
reasons wouldn't they have released
whatever information they have before
the election but but we know for a fact
that they didn't you know he was very
publicly investigated
the election by the FBI Hillary Clinton
so and by the way I mean it yes her camp
definitely said it was done for
political reasons and it did impact her
campaign to some extent right it's
difficult to measure but you are being
people in your campaign were being
investigated during the election before
the election took place and the FBI was
silent about it they didn't want to
publicize it in any way they didn't want
information to get out in any way
because they were concerned that it
would be perceived as a political attack
which it wasn't and yeah and by the way
to get almost all the guys connecting
this were Republicans so hey the
Republicans decided that they were gonna
release information about investigation
I had about Hillary Clinton and that
wound up hurting her campaign
tremendously and they those same
Republicans decided they were not going
to release information about Donald
Trump being investigated even though he
was so how did that hurt Trump
politically look again you put on the
red hat I know that means that there's
some magical quality that had that stops
you from thinking you just go dear
leader says fake news dear leader says
witch-hunt
but can you explain to me how you the
FBI would put an informant to as a
political operative inside the Trump
campaign and then not say anything
during the campaign which then how would
that hurt how would that hurt Donald
Trump that doesn't make any sense now
the what you know what you would do to
hurt a campaign a couple of days before
the election you'd announce that you're
restoring an investigation a federal
investigation by the FBI of that
candidate all right they did that of
Hillary Clinton not a donald trump so
please please stop your it's
embarrassing how stupid you people are
with your stupid conspiracy theories
yeah look so my opinion on trump changes
day to day and I'm specifically talking
about his level of intelligence right on
any given day I could think oh he's
actually pretty strategic and in this
case he is strategic because he knows
that it didn't actually hurt him
politically in any way whatsoever he
knows that if he makes a big issue about
this and says that it was a witch-hunt
it was done politically then his base
will continue dismissing
anything that Muller finds in his
investigation he wants to discredit that
that investigation and he's actually
doing a good job at that but by the way
look once the media is paying attention
to and that's a big step if they're not
paying attention to you then all this is
really hard but if you were a person
like that'll trump the media pays a lot
of attention to you then politics gets
really really simple you don't have to
be that smart in fact being smart might
hurt you a little bit Obama was
brilliant Harvard Law the head of the
Harvard Law Review was a constitutional
law professor and you know what we hit a
lot of um mm-hmm
and he would never make his case so
people never heard it and people didn't
understand it right and instead Trump
comes out and he's not that sort it just
keeps repeating the same thing we're
Jordan today he sent out a tweet all it
said was at all in all caps which fund
like we we forget how insane the
president is if randomly Obama had
tweeted in the middle of his presidency
witch hunt people like did he lose his
mind what does that mean what do you
mean witch hunt and what kind of a tweet
is that it has no context right I mean
this guy is deeply unstable but it just
politics is not complicated strengths
and repetition make your goddamn case by
the way what did I tell Obama for eight
years as if he was listening okay I said
well you've got damn it make your case
right and I was right even a total
simpleton like Trump when he says
witch-hunt which on witch-hunt he gets
almost the entire Republican Party to go
oh yeah yeah I think the FBI plan to do
conspiracy with the CIA and the IRS
these are literal things that they're
saying Maria Bartiromo said it on air
the other day Republican Congress when
they're saying they're having this
meeting about it
this like the whole Republican Party has
gone Alex Jones pull Alex Jones right
and they're like and then the frogs are
gay and then other than this giant
conspiracy and eighty five percent of
Republicans are like yeah I bet there
was a giant conspiracy but it didn't
hurt Trump at all because they didn't
release it during election and that's
why he won and somehow that proves our
point because they stopped thinking and
all he did was do propaganda and their
Democrats on the other hand
right so like today so the on this story
the Democrats are excluded what do
Democrats ever do in response okay tweet
cry cry and tweet yeah you're right and
and I'm gonna read you some of their
responses in just a minute but and then
I'm gonna tell you what I would do which
is always okay and I would venture to
say this is just a prediction so take it
with a grain of salt that their protests
will stop with these tweets mm-hm it'll
end with these tweets so Chuck Schumer
the only thing more outrageous than this
meeting occurring at all is the fact
that it's now partisan it is crystal
clear that chairman Nunez
intent Nunez is intent is to interfere
with the investigation and speaker Ryan
is allowing it to happen
it's a very very strong response I'm
sure that they'll really change you know
change their to now and then Adam Schiff
senator Adam ships that the following
this is another serious abuse of power
there's a bipartisan mechanism called
the gang of eight they need to use it
well you continue wagging your finger at
them because I am sure that if you wag
aggressively enough they will listen we
need we need bipartisan mechanisms oh
yeah yeah so what would I do okay easy
to criticize right how let's do let's be
constructive right so first of all I
would say if I was chair Schumer this
proves that Donald Trump is in fact
coordinating with his agencies to launch
a conspiracy and it is a conspiracy
against the Democratic Party and it
should be fully investigated I believe
it is a criminal conspiracy and that is
why they are excluding the Democrats so
what happens as a consequence of that
statement well number one the press goes
nuts wait are you accusing the president
of a criminal conspiracy god damn right
I am
oh wait now let's all talk about that
why well he's oh he's excluding the
Democrats from a political meeting but
that mamita that should not be political
cuz it's with your FBI etc right oh you
see that you got them to talk about it
instead of talking about the gang of a
Minh different mechanisms and me I'm a
man I'm a man I'm a man
right okay and then I would say hey I
think the FBI is problematic I think
they are all Republicans and they
actually colluded against Hillary
Clinton and I demand an investigation of
that you see that you flipped it so now
they're playing defense and
you're playing offense but for Democrats
that's inconceivable oh no like what's
our go-to move crying who's got tears
who's got ears let's do all right
no you attack them you you level charges
against them hey you know what okay
number two I would say instead of saying
Devin Nunez outrageous rata let's top it
with the word outrageous okay so here's
what you do instead I'm calling for the
impeachment of Devin unas now can a
senator call for the impeachment of
Congressman no not really
okay which then leaves the press to go
wait a minute you can't do that but now
we're having a conversation about
whether Devin Nunez should be impeached
that's the conversation you want to have
not about whether he was unfair to you
right yeah yeah I like that
tricky position but these um these
reasons because I was tweeting about
this morning it's really cope with these
things that maybe Chuck Schumer
shouldn't have done or should have done
rather than the weakness heat Wilmeth I
will just show up what you're not gonna
fight me fine was this a birthday party
so I didn't get my lawrence DC I don't
care yeah something like press follow me
we're gonna go where the meeting is
final where this I don't know how this
all works I'm sure there's barriers of
course what I'm a United States Senator
that's right some slip off the street
that's right I am
I'm Chuck Schumer I'm showing up and I'm
we're gonna talk about this shut me out
at the door and watch the cameras shut
me out of the door you know what anyway
I'm an elected official the people
modern people who voted me in want me to
be there okay
and so I know why they wouldn't do it
like oh but we forget to turn away that
looks like we're not powerful
now look schmuck you you know it you add
one prop two Jerez excellent idea
handcuffs you come with the press so you
come with handcuffs apparently they're
doing a criminal conspiracy inside
that's why they I wanted to make sure
that their discussion with the FBI was
political and only had Republicans in it
so I came here to do a citizen's arrest
okay
okay so look I love all these ideas
they're getting me all fired up like I
want to do it but look I gave up on
politicians like Chuck Schumer after
they gave away all the leverage they had
in pushing for protections for daca
recipients continued protections for
doctors that the reason
he's weak is because he wants to be weak
it's not just an accident or a
coincidence he's not a fighter he's not
gonna be a fighter
they called themselves part of the
resistance who are they resisting they
have given Republicans in Congress
everything that they've wanted so far
you know how would they pushed back I
mean the whole funding the government
and the whole doctor thing it was just
such an easy strategy you guys have the
leverage don't fund the government until
we have a standalone bill to offer
protections for these daca recipients
and they gave that leverage away they're
weak because they want to be weak yeah
cuz they don't give a damn about you
so all you get is more crocodile tears
from them they're never gonna fight
these guys
resistance my ass too easy wasteful
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
