so Texas has a really interesting race
in the 21st district so mighty Mary
Wilson is a candidate there now nobody
took her seriously because she was a
little old grandma and didn't have much
money I'm gonna tell you how much money
she had in a second and she was running
up against some folks with some serious
money including an establishment
candidate that you're gonna be shocked
to find out the Democratic Party was
supporting instead and and by the way in
that race Texas has two rounds of
primaries for the first is gets you to a
possible runoff if anyone gets over 50%
of the vote there's no runoff and they
move on but if someone does not have 50%
of the top two vote-getters move on in
the second round so there was also just
Democrat in that race there crow he came
at third he will not be moving on to the
runoff I was for Derrick crow cuz I just
Democrats I know are uncorrupted they
don't take corporate PAC money and
deeply progressive but Mary Wilson beat
Derek crow and she beat everyone else as
well
so now the establishment has launched a
terrible attack against her this
election is tonight and so by the time
some of you watch this it might already
be over but once I tell you what's
happening here I pretty clear sense of
who you're gonna be rooting for and if
those of you watching live right now
first of all if you haven't voted for
bog for God's sakes somehow get to a
voting booth and vote no matter how
you're voting participate in the process
primaries are the most important but
this gives you a sense not just of this
race guys and the reason I give you this
story is because if what it tells you
about what the establishment is willing
to do to progressives and what they
actually stand for so now her opponent
in this race was Joseph cop sir now he's
the guy who came in second that's why
they're going to go to a runoff how much
money did he spend in the first part of
the primary and overwhelming
unbelievable $600,000 okay how much did
mighty Mary will
spent thirty nine thousand dollars so
well I already told you the results but
here I'll give you the numbers thirty
point nine three percent of the vote
went to Mary Wilson and cop sir got
twenty eight point nine eight percent
she came in first now they're having the
runoff tonight so we're gonna see who
wins overall but he couldn't beat her
with six hundred thousand dollars he out
spenders some estimates actually have
that at twenty to one depending on how
you count but even it six hundred
thousand dollars it's still what a
fifteen to one advantage at least and he
still could beat her so Democratic Party
then calls Mary Wilson look at this hey
keep it open mine maybe they're gonna
say wow she's an amazing candidate maybe
we should switch over to her one call
and then they hang then they're done and
they never call her back no there's
still supporting cop sir now one of the
problems with or issues with cop sir is
that he was a Republican now look I used
to be a Republican so I'm not gonna hold
that against him he was he's a fan of
Reagan but you know when I was a kid I
was a fan of Reagan okay but then I grew
up so alright so far okay so open mine
and he says well look I changed and I
voted for the Democrats for a long time
since 1992 there's a couple issues with
that there's actually no record of him
voting in Democratic primaries so we
actually don't know if that's true at
all that's just him saying there's a
second problem he was on CNN in 2016 not
1986 in 2016 as a Republican who opposed
Donald Trump he says nah well I mean
that wasn't a fair characterization of
my position just two years ago and and
and besides which do Mary Wilson and I
actually disagree on the policies not
really so the intercept looked into it
and it turns out no they do they
disagree Mary wilson's for Medicare for
all those cops are for medical maybe
like I'm at Medicaid not Medicare
Medicaid buy-in is just something nice
and easy
you know steady as we go you think he's
even gonna fight for that okay she's for
tuition free college so that all your
can have equality of opportunity you see
for that no he's for a watered-down
version of that shocking when he was
giving a speech during this campaign he
talked about how we were to secure the
border between US and Mexico and
somebody in the audience said we are you
sure you're on the right ticket and he
said I'm on an american ticket okay so
but he's gonna be aggressive is he gonna
fight for you guys if you vote for him
well let's go to his statement so find
out he and this is what he brags about
he says moderation and conversation will
solve this problem as well as people
starting to put country over party I
believe that Obama tried moderation in
conversation had that turnout oh you
remember when all those Republicans
flipped and said man Obama is so
moderate let's just agree to whatever he
says oh my god we had a beer something
we had a conversation let's just
I bet Obama's right how'd that work out
so this is their strategy still in the
year 2016
no you know what that means that means
I'm just gonna surrender to Republicans
uh-uh and I'm going to be a moderate by
voting with Republicans whenever they
need my vote and whenever they don't
need my vote I'll pretend to be
progressive he went on to say I look
forward to working with anyone who wants
to work to solve our problems in a
moderate here we go again thoughtful way
to achieve a compromise so we can all
live with this reminds me of Brent
welders opponent in in Kansas third
District brand welders another justice
Democrat and his opponents slogans are
leading from the middle and their
courage to compromise now number one
that tells you these guys they're never
gonna fight for you period number two
even if you say looking on the policies
I'm not that progressive or whatever you
you know you you somehow for whatever
reason like this guy okay god bless your
heart but do you think that once he gets
into office he's gonna vote with you on
these policies but if his answer is
compromise in moderation it's not gonna
work
secondarily or third of all now as a
matter of politics do you think that
drives people to the polls we're in a
general election
now Republicans have won this seat
before do you think people go oh I can't
wait to get out there and vote for the
moderate let's go moderate I don't think
that's a winning political strategy but
we're not anywhere near the worst part
so it turns out that his organization
did what is known as a push poll okay
and the local Texas papers covered it
now what did they how did they frame it
for him and have they framed Mary Wilson
now they framed him positively that's
not surprising that's normal okay so
they explain
Paul respondents were presented with a
glittering narrative about cops sir they
were asked if they agreed that it would
be important for Democrats to have a
candidate who's a twenty year military
veteran and has been described by former
President Barack Obama as a champion of
change oh oh bomber thinks he's for
change wow he must really be for changed
anyway but look they do a glowing
assessment of him they're the ones doing
the poll so-called polls so it's okay I
get it here's the problematic part when
he came to Wilson the poll profiled her
as a lesbian minister and asked if
Democrats should vote for her in the
runoff whether they think she can win in
November why did you do that so now you
expect me to believe that you're not a
Republican anymore and that you're a
progressive in your positions are not
that different than Mary Wilson's but
you're doing a push poll telling people
do you really want to vote for the
lesbian you really think she could win
in November and you know these
establishment guys so often may play
identity politics oh you're a Bernie bro
and you're you know and you guys are all
white they someone tweeted yesterday to
me that Nina Turner
was a white bread bro she's an African
American woman you know it doesn't
matter
that's a talking point that was drilled
into my head and I'm either a bot or I'm
a real person who just consumed at all
you point and just write it no matter
what happens right but identity politics
I care a lot about it well Mary Wilson's
a wonderful person who served her
community she's a minister she happens
to be lesbian all of a sudden they turn
it around and go you want
vote for the lesbian okay did they by
the way is it is it absolutely confirm
personal with the papers out could
confirm it that's why they ran the story
and it's the San Antonio express-news
okay secondarily though you don't need
that because when their campaign was
asked about it
cops campaign said we have great respect
for Mary and wanted to understand the
extent to which the electorate finds her
profile and message compelling in other
words yeah we told her the people about
her profile which is being a lesbian
Minister and we wanted to see if people
found a compelling oh that's really cute
this race is gonna get decided tonight
and either we are going to win real
progressives and people who are not
going to serve the corporate donors or
they are going to win the ones that are
fake progressives that will give you no
change whatsoever and that are backed up
by millions of dollars in money from
corporate donors and other powerful and
elite primaries are everything they are
running these smear jobs all across the
country in California in Hawaii in
Pennsylvania in Texas one after another
after another so we didn't start this
fight I hope to god we finish it
Young Turks two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
