will the United States Trump
specifically still meet with kim
jeong-hoon
and have a discussion about North Korea
potentially denuclearizing well it turns
out that it's a little questionable at
this point South Korea says we believe
there is a 99.9% chance that North the
North Korea u.s. summit will be held as
scheduled but we're just preparing for
many different possibilities now the
remarks come days after Pyongyang
canceled talks with South Korea citing
concerns about Seoul's joint military
exercises with the u.s. the North also
threatened to back out of the summit
with Trump if the u.s. insisted on
unilateral nuclear abandonment now there
are details to the story that I
absolutely love because it shows you
that you know how it's a classic case of
miscommunication within the trump
administration now Trump is less
optimistic about meeting with kim
jeong-hoon just today he mentioned that
it's or yesterday he mentioned that it's
likely to be delayed he said uh it might
happen but it's it's not likely to
happen on the day that we had agreed to
which was in mid-june now Bolton had
said something in the media that upset
kim jeong-hoon for very obvious reasons
i think we're looking at the libya model
of 2003-2004 we're also looking at what
north korea itself has committed to
previously and most importantly i think
going back over a quarter of a century
to the 1992 joint north-south
denuclearization agreement where North
Korea committed to give up nuclear
weapons and committed to give up uranium
and Richmond and plutonium reprocess
okay so that's disastrous I mean that's
disastrous messaging for North Korea
because what happened to Gaddafi in
Libya is not something that Kim jong-un
has any interest in in fact that
immediately raised a huge red flag for
him and that's when he started saying
things about canceling the meeting with
Trump so if you don't know the North
Koreans have been reported to be deeply
concerned about what happened at Qaddafi
this goes all the way back to when that
actually did happen
because the qaddafi gave up his nuclear
weapons and a deal with the west and
again he didn't have the weapons it was
a weapons program and and that defined
him and eventually many years later the
West was like just kidding we're not
gonna keep our end of the bargain
and we're going to help we're gonna bomb
you and we're gonna help overthrow you
and they did and then Qadhafi was
captured by his enemies and drive
through the streets with a lead pipe up
his ass that's what happened and
apparently the North Korean leadership
watched that and was like that is not
going to happen here we were going to
develop nukes and never give them up so
now when Bolton says let's do the Libyan
motto they go no we're not under any
circumstances doing the libyan model in
fact they assisted that unilateral
nuclear abandonment is off the table
right and that they would not do what
we're gonna do we're gonna also give up
our nukes no that's not gonna happen so
that means a deal is very unlikely at
least on those grounds right and and so
Bolton has that media appearance that
raises a giant red flag for North Korea
and then Trump tries to walk Bolton's
comments back or at least clarify what
his personal position is on the Libya
model or Libyan model so take a look at
what Trump said following Bolton's
appearance on Face the Nation the Libyan
model that was mentioned was a much
different deal this would be with Kim
jong-un something where he'd be there
he'd be in his country he'd be running
his country his country would be very
rich his people are tremendously
industrious but the Libyan model was a
much different model we decimated that
country we never said to Qadhafi oh
we're going to give you protection we're
going to give you military strength
we're going to give you all of these
things we went in and decimated him okay
and then just for good measure Trump
reiterated kim jeong-hoon don't worry
there will not be any pipes shoved up
your ass
I will guarantee his safety yes we will
guarantee your safety and we've talked
about that from the beginning he will be
safe he will be happy his country will
be rich so I don't know if the meeting
will happen no one knows if the meeting
will happen but again Trump trying to
walk Bolton's comments back another
classic case of miscommunication within
the Trump administration we'll see what
happens but remember Bolton you know
worked under the Bush administration and
is the type of establishment person that
Trump argued you know he would never be
in favor of but he keeps filling his you
know administration with these
old-school establishment Republican
types so we'll see how this goes the
Trump of course doesn't understand any
of the concepts being discussed so when
he says no no we're not going to do the
libyan motto we decimated libya that so
there's no what we're gonna do here okay
yeah I know but when you made the deal
with Libya the deal wasn't to decimate
them otherwise they wouldn't have done
the deal the deal was don't worry we're
not going to decimate you later we
decimated him so when you tell the North
Koreans don't worry we're not do we
we're not going to decimate you we're
not going to do the Libyan model you're
accidentally telling them do exactly
what the Libyans did the mistake that
the Libyans made if you know and look
they're a dictator I'm super happy to
get off his gun but if you're looking at
it from his perspective it was a total
mistake
and then you've got he's got no weapons
no ability to defend himself and we
decimated him and that's exactly what
the North Koreans are trying to avoid
but Trump said idiot he thinks oh we
made a deal where I told him I was gonna
kill them all
okay so he said yes so there's another
twisty twist chink there's twists i I
love this story because there are so
many twists so the final part of this is
Trump and pence both signaled to North
Korea specifically Kim jong-eun if you
don't agree to giving up your nuclear
weapons things might turn out the way
that they did for for Gaddafi for you
you know that was
terrible grammar but yeah yeah so you
know basically follow our orders do what
we're asking you to do or else you could
end up like Gaddafi it's exactly what I
was worried about so I'm not
automatically opposed to Donald Trump it
depends like so all I cared about issues
he did not do the trans-pacific
partnership I think it was a terrible
deal I'm glad he didn't do it right
I can give a couple other examples so in
the case of North Korea if he gets a
peace deal and we denuclearize North
Korea and they start to integrate with
the rest of the world that would be
amazing and I would give him credit no
question right because the results are
what matter but what I was afraid of is
he's a knucklehead and he is going into
a very volatile situation and he's
unprepared for that situation so walking
into a tinderbox with a flamethrower
going wait wait wait I don't see what's
going on here let me just like the place
up and see what happens right so when he
comes in and they start talking about
how we're gonna do Libya on you the
result is not I'm afraid not only is
that gonna be not productive that would
be normal like we haven't gotten any
deals with North Korea that worked so
that part is true at him so I wouldn't
blame Trump for that Obama didn't get
any deals that work neither did Bush
etcetera etc but what if they go oh wait
a minute they're gonna do Libya on us
let's attack that's yeah that is pretty
terrifying also the phrasing they're
gonna do Libya on us oh no that's not
that's now that's a thing
scag Libya on us too easy wasteful young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
