one of the main arguments for giant tax
cuts for the wealthy under the Trump tax
plan and the Republican tax plan was hey
you know if we give these massive
corporations a massive tax cut well then
it's likely that they'll create more
jobs and companies like harley-davidson
we're very much in favor of those tax
cuts so what happened did
harley-davidson create new jobs no
despite Trump's claim that massive tax
cuts will boost US employment numbers
motorcycle manufacturer Holly
harley-davidson instead announced a
plant closing followed by a massive
stock buyback and is now shifting some
jobs to Thailand look we gotta bring
jobs back in Thailand okay we gotta
bring him back they're not strong enough
the Trump tweet about that I mean I know
he wants to bring jobs back to China he
literally tweeted that because of a
corrupt business deal he has with ZTE
and the Chinese and the Indonesian so
maybe he's thrilled that they're
bringing jobs to Thailand instead of the
US I don't think anyone who was paying
attention is surprised by this which is
one of the reasons why the tax plan had
such a low approval rating but it
doesn't matter when it comes to Trump's
base don't still support him yet though
still support the Republicans that voted
in favor of these tax cuts by the way
tax cuts happened loopholes closing did
not happen right those loopholes are
still there and they're still taking
advantage of them so let me give you
deep more details into what
harley-davidson is currently doing
executives announced the closing of a
plant in Kansas City Missouri with 800
workers losing their job as some
operations were moved to a York
Pennsylvania facility leading to a net
loss of 350 positions so just I just
want to be clear so some of the jobs
went to York and the others went to
Bangkok so that's why there's a net loss
of 350 jobs right and also on the heels
of the announcement of the closure the
company announced a 700 million dollar
stock buyback of 15 million shares after
seeing their tax rate drop approximately
10 percent under the Republican past tax
deal
so look people keep talking about how
the economy is booming under Trump and
it drives me
raisi it really does yes the
unemployment rate is low but we never
talk about the quality of those jobs we
never have discussions about
underemployment we never have
discussions about how Americans have
more debt today than they did before
2008 we never talk about that
but then the other issue is I look at
the stock market stock markets are so
well right their stock market is doing
well because homeboys are just investing
into their own companies they're buying
their own stocks with a massive tax cuts
that they've received so if you don't
know the inner workings of a stock
buyback let me just break it down for
your super simply so they the company
now has a ton of extra cash because they
got this giant tasker tax cut for a lot
of them it's billions upon billions of
dollars now one thing they could do with
it is they could reinvest the money and
create new plants in America they have
chosen largely to not do that okay
another thing they can do is they can
give increased wages to their workers
they could even cut prices for you guys
they have chosen largely to not do that
couple of marketing ploys where oh we're
giving a thousand dollar bonuses not to
most of our employees and a very few
number of companies and actually we're
gonna mark those down okay but so there
was a but it was a shiny object and the
the press fell for it hook line and
sinker
but overall did it noticeably move up
wages no it didn't
okay so they did not do that what did
they do well exactly what we predicted
on the interest they would do TYT Ms
case has been all over this story and
they reported ahead of time and during
that that the companies did not plan to
do anything but predominantly do stock
stock buybacks so what happens there so
they have got this vat of money they did
not reinvest they didn't give it to you
so they say oh I will use the money to
buy back my own stock so it's trading at
let's make up numbers it's trading at
ten dollars I'm gonna buy it and when I
bite I've increased the demand for it so
the price is gonna go up it's now twelve
dollars okay now the company owns more
of its own stock but wait a minute why
are they doing that
why shouldn't reinvesting could actually
grow your company why'd you do that
this financial trick instead because the
executives own a lot of stock so when
the stock price goes from ten to twelve
they just made a killing all their
options and bonuses etc went up by
twenty percent so some of the workers
did get the money
it was the executives at the very very
top right because because the money that
they already had and we're getting paid
in the form of bonuses for instance
wasn't enough there giant salaries
wasn't enough they had to do the stock
buybacks and also just going back to my
point about how the economy it's all a
lie it's not really doing as well as
people think it is or at least the
people who have been tricked into
thinking it is another issue is what
Nomi Prins talked about on our show they
also do stock buybacks with this cheap
money that the Fed keeps printing out
for them right they're supposed to loan
that money to small businesses but
that's not what the banks do they just
buy more of their stock so it's it's
happening left and right no one's honest
about it you know I saw this tech
segment with Stephanie ruhle where she's
talking about odd with UConn we got to
call it like it is the economy's doing
wonderfully under Trump are you not
paying attention yeah so and by the way
one other part of that that's important
is that when they do the stock buybacks
and the stock market goes up it's
artificial it's not going up because
they're selling more products or that
they even have a higher profit margin
it's only going back up because they're
buying more of their own stock and what
happens when you artificially inflate a
market it crashes so tick tick tick tick
tick tick tick take one final note here
on harley-davidson this is the company
that they most sprang so this is an
American company does it America yeah
Paul Ryan graphic 50 here even when they
announced it the tax cuts for the rich
said tax reform can put American
manufacturers and American companies
like harley-davidson on a much better
footing to compete in the global economy
and keep jobs here in America wrong well
they just got on motorcycle and drove
those right to Thailand so gone those
jobs are gone from Kansas City but
Thailand congratulations you're going to
get more
jobs and executives congratulations
you're gonna make a lot more money the
rest of us get nothing two easy ways
follow young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
