Rudy Guiliani is doing his media tour
talking about the investigation of
Special Counsel Robert Fuller into
possible Russian collusion and during a
conversation with Chris Cuomo on CNN he
was asked about whether or not Donald
Trump should be forced to testify if he
is given a subpoena and of course
Giuliani has a different idea in regard
to the treatment for Trump versus the
treatment of other previous presidents
so without further ado let's take a look
at the first video yeah I never heard of
a subpoena for the president's person
where you said exactly that no no and
you went on to say Chris Chris let's
distinguish between a subpoena for
documents
p-nut that takes the president of the
awful Oval Office and puts them in front
of a grand jury or hearing can't do it
can't do it the second you can do the
first well Universitat distinction
before I never I never never never
occurred to me they would try to
subpoena the president but that's
exactly what was going on in 1998 but
here's Charlie Rose with you in the
interview you tell me what you come on
what you don't want to hear not even
relevant yes the president is asked to
testify so peanut with all that
promoting of avenatti
what happens if Robert because they were
all trying to bring Trump into that and
he's not involved in a crisp okay
so that's another great interview by
Chris Cuomo and look I've I've
criticized them I praised them in the
past from different things that he's
done there's a it was a great interview
he did of Netanyahu the other day unlike
anything I've seen on American
television and that was wonderful the
only thing is they should have kept
Giuliani's mic shut okay because he
wound up filibuster and talking over the
part where Giuliani says in that
interview about President Clinton of
course they should subpoena him and so
it is a direct and it was not about his
documents it was about his person as
Giuliani called it in that in the
earlier part of the interview yeah so it
was direct 100 percent hypocrisy that is
not a they say oh that's I got your
question well that's because we got you
on your hypocrisy
so that is what a job of a journalist is
what is what is your actual opinion does
it make sense does it not make sense and
I have to challenge you what so what are
you not supposed to do your Chris Cuomo
is supposed to know that Julian they
said the exact opposite earlier but not
mention it what two piece power that's
not how journalism works I also want to
emphasize a statement that Giuliani made
in that interview he said this is the
reason people don't want to come on your
show which i think is important because
it brings up that issue of access and
you know how the powerful will refuse to
go on programs or news or you know go to
news organizations that are gonna ask
the tough questions they just want
softballs that's all they want and if
you're gonna ask him a tough question
he's not gonna appear this is the reason
why people don't come on your show well
I think that Rudy Giuliani doesn't want
to be called a liar because in essence
that's what Chris Cuomo made him write
well he doesn't really feel that way and
he was caught in so many other things
during that 45-minute interview it was
insane yeah and by the way Cuomo and or
anyone else did not make Giuliano
Giuliani a liar Giuliani made himself a
liar so there was a very easy way to
avoid that hey Chris you know what you
back in 1998 I did say that the
president should be testified should
should testify and should be subpoenaed
you're right
didn't did say you're not a liar I think
that's different that's a that's a such
a serious crime that I warrant it I mean
nobody believed him but it's an answer
you know and move on right and I think I
don't know you know Carol you know
better but I really never comes on CN n
ik again I suspect the network will
continue to thrive well me just somehow
fine that somehow find its way we hope
it does though because um you know when
you talk to Rudy Giuliani off air he's a
great guy we use always been nice to me
right sure so I hope he does come back
on CNN because I think it's valuable for
the viewers they they need they need to
see him on every Network he can be on
frankly yeah cuz he's the president's
lawyer and ya know and
and you know whether it's Fox News or
anywhere else he went on you do get a
sense of you know what their stances and
it doesn't look pretty to the rest of us
but they believe it and that's what and
their job was to go disseminate that but
if you say hey I'm only going on Fox
News cuz they'll give me some pose by
the way Giuliani also butchered that I
mean and to give him softball after
softball and he couldn't hit him he made
a mess of it right but then they'll only
have Fox News so if the if the ground
rules are I get to ask you legitimate
questions as a reporter then of course
I'm Giuliani all over TV that'll be
great and that's what Cuomo did there
the fact is mr. Trump has what forty
percent support right now so that leaves
60 percent of the rest of the people who
are probably watching other networks
besides Fox News and Rudy Giuliani and
mr. Trump have to appeal to those people
too so it would behoove them to appear
on CNN and MSNBC I don't think yeah but
they don't yeah that would be good but
they don't they don't care about that
that they are governing to the 40th and
it's been a pretty effective actually
and the only real threat that he has
because we're not gonna the likelihood
of indicted a sitting president is a
stretch and would take something that we
have not certainly seen yet the
ramifications as the founders intended
the ramifications of the kind of
behavior that Trump is engaged in or
anything similar are political and those
ramifications if you're maintaining a
solid 40 percent or unlikely to come to
fruition well something else that
Giuliani said during that interview you
know there's this this notion that mr.
Trump is alleging that during Obama's
administration that the FBI planted a
spy in his presidential campaign and of
course that was James Comey right and he
tweeted that twice this morning yeah so
Chris Cuomo asked Rudy Giuliani was that
true do you have any evidence that
really Giuliani admitted that he'd read
reports about it but he didn't
necessarily know if it was true yeah
that was really disturbing to me because
if you don't know it's true why are you
saying it on national television right
yeah well then it's just a throw doubt
into people's minds about it right
you know absolutely that I read this I
said this problem Genk you you mentioned
it I saw it I'd like to wish I had it
and in front of me but a year of
attempting to discredit Muller and Comey
Republicans their entire lives most of
their investigators Republicans but
they're perfect mostly what they are are
professional federal investigators
that's what they've been and but more
than fifty percent of the country I
think the number was fifty-three is that
right Jane it was sixty-one percent of
Republicans I think overall the number
was above fifty of Americans who
believed that the Muller investigation
was political and that that's that's a
victory that's what that is that's just
so a little doubt so a little doubt so a
little death yeah and so there's been a
lot of focus groups and a lot of studies
MSNBC did one recently and they said oh
these are Trump voters they said that
the Muller investigation was just
created by the deep state
they won't it's these are all talking
points they heard from Giuliani Trump
over and over again they won't
investigate the Democrats that's not
true they did they won't investigate
Hillary Clinton they did it publicly in
the middle of the election and it might
have cost her the election and in fact
the New York Times reported that the FBI
was concerned that even though they were
investigating both candidates that they
could not say anything about the Trump
investigation and part of the reason why
they wanted an informant rather than
publicly going and talking to any of the
Trump officials is because they didn't
want it known that they were
investigating Trump but twice they
declared we are investigating ill or
Clinton so nonetheless these guys say no
they're deeply partisan in favor of the
Democrats which makes no logical sense
and other words used to describe Muller
by the the Republicans in that study
were desperate unethical partisan liar
Robert Muller is a Republican a lifelong
Republican is so if he is a partisan
he's a partisan believe it or not on
your side Republicans but but they won't
see straight because they do do that
propaganda and if you dare challenge
that propaganda even for a minute as
Chris Cuomo did there whoa unfair that's
why we won't go on your show how dare
you show the truth and and who else by
the way participated in keeping the
investigation of Trump quiet for fear of
tipping the scales unfavorably in toward
Hillary Clinton during the election the
president
States Barack Obama who kept quiet about
that investigation all of them believing
in the back of their minds or not even
so much the in and to some extent the
front of their minds that she was gonna
win anyway and they would undermine the
process if they made that trouble yeah
how'd that work out two easy ways for
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
