there has been another school shooting
and unfortunately this time the death
toll is rather high ten student a ten
individuals have died as a result of
this shooting reports indicate that nine
of the individuals who lost their lives
were students and one was an adult now
we don't know the identities of the
individuals who lost their lives but we
do know quite a bit about what occurred
and the perpetrator of this shooting so
according to reports a suspect is in
custody also a federal law enforcement
official has confirmed to NPR that his
name is Demetrios Haggard sees a 17 year
old who is believed to be a current
student at the school in Santa Fe Texas
and immediately after this story broke
reporters started investigating the
shooter and found a number of social
media posts that were concerning
including posts featuring weapons also
some post featuring Nazi apparel or Nazi
symbols on his apparel students said
that he was mostly quiet kept to himself
but always wore a trench coat even if it
was scorching hot outside Harris County
Sheriff Ed Gonzales said that a police
officer is among the injured but the
extent of the officers injuries is
unknown now around noon Santa Fe
Independent School District announced
the possible explosive devices that have
been found located at the school and
off-campus as far as we know at this
point nothing has been detonated
authorities worked extremely hard to
make sure that they made the environment
safe so luckily they found those
explosive devices and none of them have
been detonated so in a story I just read
right before we went on air live a
couple of days they say two cops were
injured one is in critical condition
shot in the arm hopefully he'll be okay
they're not positive if none of the
device have been detonated but it
appears that way and they're telling
people don't touch anything if it looks
out of the ordinary leave it alone
they're worried that they are pipe bombs
and then pressure cookers if they didn't
go off thank God they didn't go
and thank God he was at least
incompetent in that way and we give you
the name of the shooter on the first day
and then we try not to repeat it after
that it is relevant on the first day of
course everybody's always curious what
was the motive and unfortunately a lot
of people deduce the motive right or
wrong and oftentimes strong based on the
name and so now in this case and then of
course the next step is social media and
I think that's of course far more
indicative and it appears if all that is
true and by the way there's always a
little bit of a fog in the first 24
hours and some of these stories get
corrected etc but if that stuff is true
yet another right-wing shooter and
right-wing terrorists in this country
comprise 71% of the Terrorism that is
done here and yes things like these
massacres at schools is in a sense
terrorism is specially done for
political purposes if this was done for
political purposes right and we don't
know if what the motive was so I want to
be clear about that
but what we also know is in his social
media
he followed right-wingers including
Donald Trump so again again I don't want
to you know he was a trump supporter
based on his post it appeared thinking
the case he just might be a very
troubled young man
anyone I need to do this right the trope
is a troubled young man right I
interviewed a student earlier this
morning who was in that classroom the
first clay was an art classroom and he
went in with his sawed-off shotgun in
his pistol he was dressed in this long
trench coat and on the back of the
trench coat it had USSR which is odd for
a 17 year old right because the Soviet
Union was a long time ago so we're all
wondering what is up with that but he
wore that trench coat every single day
and he went into the classroom he didn't
say anything he shot a a female student
in the head and then he shot her with a
pistol this is according to his name was
Avery
he was an amazing and man to be able to
speak after witnessing such a thing and
then he went on to shoot other students
in that classroom and then he moved on
down the hallway
and entered other classrooms and started
shooting at some point
Avery's friend Zack ran out into the
hallway and somebody pulled that fire
alarm which was a bad thing to do right
it's because all the students to run out
into the hallway which gave the share
our targets so I want to mention
something about that because there was a
really harrowing part of us and all of
it is harrowing but first although on
the USSR I mean what a topsy-turvy world
we live in where I mean in the old days
that would have been far left right and
but now because at least Trump
supporters view Trump as being on
Russia's side but that's the old Russia
versus the new Russia but it's so
confusing that you've got 17-year olds
who might be right wingers wearing a
USSR thing on their trench coat what and
by the way so the reason I say it's
terrorism if it's not for a political
motive is he could be far left far-right
whatever he might be let's say that it's
you know that it holds that he had the
Nazi paraphernalia et cetera and then
but be upset that his girlfriend had
done something and then it wouldn't be
terrorism it would be this another
student was interviewed who said this
kid was bullied the kid wore the trench
coat you're right every single day this
young man said that this kid smelled
this is what he said many said that
other kids made fun of him for that and
bullied him and that might have entered
into this whole psychological stew that
caused him to to explode into violence
on this day so I read about how he was
on the football team and that he in one
game played a huge role in leading the
team to victory and and by the way that
was based on an interview with another
student and that student said who by the
way it would work out with him time to
time he said that he didn't know of this
shooter getting bullied but there was
one example of the coach mentioning the
way that he smells so I don't know how
how much he was bullied or if he was
bullied at all but what I do know is
that stories like this often turn the
discussion to an important topic that
needs to be discussed which is gun can
what we need to do and oftentimes
right-wingers or people who do not want
to discuss gun control will say no no
this is about bullying and I always find
that interesting because these are
usually the same people who will turn
around and accuse let's say the LGBT
community of being snowflakes if they
don't enjoy the discrimination that they
deal with or they'll accuse women of
being snowflakes if they've been
discriminated against and are voicing
what they're going through you know the
snowflakes thing keeps getting tossed
around by the very people who think oh
my god this it happened because of
bullying we really need to do something
about bullying well I will say that
governor Abbott came out later and said
that he didn't want to just offer
prayers yeah he actually wanted to do
concrete things like I don't know I'm
gonna say this he was told a round table
and no no you're gonna laugh at me but
he said included in that round table
discussion I want people with all
different kinds of views including
people with views on gun control and if
that's really true then that is a step
forward for governor Abbott and the
state of Texas ok so I hear you so look
will they do a round table absolutely so
that is that part true yes well is it
for optics absolutely well governor Greg
Abbott do anything about gun control and
hence in the real cause of the school
shootings absolutely not and if I'm
proven wrong I'll come out and tell you
guess why man Greg Abbott in a shocking
turn of events and boy was wrong look at
this video where I got it wrong the
Second Amendment believe in some form of
guns no they don't like para where is it
they've done nothing nothing maybe
they'll step forward because it happened
in the great state of Texas but I do
agree I do agree with you Carol the
majority of Americans do want more gun
control I don't know what percentage of
you know gun advocates want that I know
the NRA doesn't want that but I don't
think that the NRA is representative of
all gun advocates I'd be curious to see
yeah well I do I do know some of the
data so ninety-three percent of
Americans want federal background checks
so that includes an overwhelming
majority of Republicans gun owners and
even NRA members that doesn't mean that
a raise in favor of it or any Republican
politicians there are some in the
northeast etc Northwest
might be in favor of it but overall the
overwhelming majority Republican
politicians including Donald Trump and
including Greg Abbott take money from
the NRA and because of that outright
corruption and that's what it is and
it's systemic corruption everybody it's
a it's an auction all of our elections
or auctions so you have no faith in the
NRA snoo leader Oliver North okay and so
let me you know what just to point that
out let me go to graphics 19 through 21
here to give you guys a sense of it cuz
I don't want to just leave that charge
as a general one I want to put specifics
behind in the last 15 years the NRA is
spent a hundred and thirty two million
dollars in politics now they didn't
spend that for their health they didn't
do it for charity the NRA is largely
representative not their even their own
members who want federal background
checks but gun manufacturers who do not
want any gun regulation because they're
in the gun business so they spent a
hundred and thirty two million dollars
yeah well they are but we shouldn't let
them buy our politicians and that's
exactly what's happening here so make no
mistake about that and then in this
cycle in 2016 the one that just happened
obviously so they put in fifty four
million dollars into the presidential
and congressional races almost all of it
going to the Republican Party and Donald
Trump in fact Donald Trump was the
beneficiary of 31 million dollars by the
NRA so Donald Trump also saying we're
gonna get to it a little bit later that
he is gonna do something about this no
he is not he didn't do anything after
Parkland he said he was going to and
then then RA yelled at him and said hey
remember we gave you 31 million dollars
it's like yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry
I I I won't do anything except add guns
into schools and which of course
actually the lieutenant governor of the
state of Texas he didn't say add more
guns in schools he didn't say that but
he said that we had to redesign our
school buildings because modern school
buildings have a lot of exits right
which means a lot of places where
gunman's can go into the school so he
said we should wall those doors off and
then maybe limit schools to one or two
do
and then you could post a good guy with
a gun so outside every door and be able
to afford it I like I like that you
brought that up because this is usually
what happens when someone a bad actor
uses weapons to cause harm to others
the people who get inconvenienced are
the victims right so I used the example
of the TSA so one person attempted to
detonate a bomb in his shoe one year and
now all of a sudden we all have to take
our shoes off as we go through the
security line at the TSA I mean we get
our you know genitals poked and prodded
all sorts of things are going on we all
get inconvenience and then when it comes
to shootings I don't want anyone to have
to go to school walking through metal
detectors or dealing with giant walls
that you know enclose them to the point
where they feel like they're in a prison
I don't want them to have only one or
two exits in that cage doing it baseball
stadiums and at football stadiums you
walk through metal detectors they check
your bags to see if that's so why
shouldn't the same especially vent
though that's not something that you're
gonna have to deal with on a daily basis
I don't want to have to deal with
something like that on a daily basis I
wouldn't want my kids to have to deal
with it on a daily basis the point is we
keep inconveniencing all the victims and
potential victims as opposed to changing
the fundamental issue here or doing
something about the fundamental issue so
two things about that one is yeah now
sometimes we can go to a different
country Turkey Israel a lot of different
places there's a lot of people with us
that our military or cops with assault
weapons and it's disconcerting and it
doesn't feel good and by the way if you
go to Cuba lots of that right so now
when you go to drop off your kids in
school I guess there could be now the
the possible proposal is somebody with
an assault weapon in every classroom
okay so let's think about it this way
this guy also had bombs now first of all
if you use an array logic the only guy
that could style only thing I could stop
a good guy I mean a bad guy with a bomb
is a good guy with a bomb okay that's
the insanity of the world we live in
that's a very good point because you
wonder when a
exactly this kid planted the bombs
inside the school he also had bombs at
his home and in his car so where because
they had to school resource officers on
campus right so where were they when
this kid was dropping off his bombs
inside the school I don't know the
answer to that question but it'd be
interesting to know right and so even if
you're not gonna counter bombers with
more bombers which gives you a sense of
the insanity of this conversation so
according to this new logic is that's
okay we're not gonna take the bombs out
of the school or out of society at large
what we're gonna do is build bigger
walls so that the students won't get as
hurt by the bombs that detonate inside
the schools that's the insanity we're in
with and they literally make those
arguments in relation to the other
weapon guns okay and and so the last
harrowing part is there is two different
stories they're not as you can tell on
the first day there's a lot of different
stories but these are students and they
and they took in this case to CNN and
one of them said our teachers tried to
get us to not run because we've
practiced this and they actually in
February had a drill because they
thought they heard shots outside the
school at this particular school so they
went and and you do these active shooter
drills right so they said you're
supposed to get up against the wall etc
and blockade the door but the kids of
course panicked and they ran but other
parts of the school the kids heard you
know these loud noises they didn't know
what was going on and they get into the
hallway and then their teachers say run
okay and then the principal is outside
telling everybody run run run basically
run for your lives
so this is the state of our schools in
America and the thing that is killing
our students is literally guns its guns
that are killing them over and over and
over again
I always think that people don't realize
the panic you feel when you hear gunfire
I mean you just panic and you don't act
logically you act your animal instincts
take over right he's just Leafly because
you you want to stay alive so I think
that
when they say you know shelter in place
it's easy follow all the rules we did
all the drills that's hard to do
incredibly hard to do I don't think most
people would be able to do I know I
wouldn't be able to and imagine the
terror you feel when you're like wait is
it a fire drill and you heard what you
thought were gunshots and then your
teacher in a panic says run not and also
just for a second everyone put yourself
in the position of the students who
witnessed that female student gets shot
in the head right in front of them you
know think about how horrific that is
and how traumatizing that is by the way
I want to leave you with a quote from a
student by the name of Paige she was
interviewed after the shooting and the
reporter had asked her you know were you
shocked were you surprised that this
happened and here's what she said it's
been happening everywhere I always felt
like eventually it would happen here I
wasn't surprised I was just scared and
that's the state of America right now
two easy ways for young turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
