here's a super disturbing story from The
Guardian credit to them for finding all
this out black activists jailed for his
Facebook posts speaks out about secret
FBI surveillance exclusive Rakeem
balligan spoke out against police
brutality now he is believed to be the
first prosecuted under a secretive US
effort to track so-called black identity
extremists so there are multiple parts
of this story that are just
mind-boggling let me show you the
important part here they say balgan who
was working full time for an IT company
when he was arrested has long been an
activist co-founding guerrilla mainframe
and the Huey P Newton gun club two
groups fighting police brutality and
advocating for the rights of black gun
owners some of the work included
coordinating meals for the homeless
youth picnics and self-defense classes
but that's not what interested the FBI
investigators began monitoring balligan
whose legal name is Christopher Daniels
after he participated in an Austin Texas
rally in March 2015
protesting against law enforcement a
special a special agent Erin Caylee
testified in court the FBI
Kaleigh said learned of the protest from
a video on Infowars
a far-right site run by the commentator
Alex Jones known for spreading false
news and conspiracy theories the
reference to Infowars stunned balligan
they're using a conspiracy theorist
video as a reason to justify their
tyranny that is a big insult Caylee made
no mention of balligan specific actions
at the rally but noted the marchers
anti-police statements such as oink oink
bang bang and the only good pig is a pig
that's dead the agent also mentioned
balligan 's Facebook posts calling a
murder suspect in a police officers
death a hero and expressing solidarity
with the man who killed officers in
Texas when he posted they deserve what
they got Kaley however
later admitted the FBI had no evidence
of balligan making any specific threats
about harming people at the time of his
Facebook post balligan said he was angry
and venting about the high profile cases
of police killing innocent black men and
women in America including Alton
sterling and falando Castillo so this is
fucking fascinating so you have a black
activist here and you know he on top of
feeding the homeless he also teaches
self-defense and he's in favor of black
gun rights so you know how we recently
spoke about killer Mike and he did that
interview with the nra and there's a big
backlash over that well killer Mike is
of the belief that hey you know black
people have lived under virtual
occupation in this country for a long
time there was slavery then there was
segregation you know and now there's the
new Jim Crow they say which is the drug
war be targeting black people
specifically a minority specifically
more so than white people and it's used
to crack down on minority populations
that they want to control so the idea is
well we're not going to give up our
fuckin guns because we need it for
self-defense that's the philosophy of
these kinds of groups so the FBI I
learned from watching an info Wars video
about this gathering and then there were
there were chants at the gathering that
are certainly not politically correct
and let me be clear I don't agree with
those chants the oink-oink bang bang the
only good pig is a dead pig those are
not direct threats of violence but there
are threats of violence
you know the idea of like will kill cops
not advisable don't fucking say that now
however the only speech that's illegal
under US law and this is the way it
should be
is libel slander and direct threats of
violence well a direct threat of
violence is like you know I'm going to
kill you and I know your address is blah
blah blah and I will be there at 5
o'clock tonight or whatever the fuck so
direct threats of violence are not
allowed they're not allowed under the
law that's illegal they didn't do it
threat of violence not only did he not
do a direct threat of violence
the FBI admitted well no he didn't do a
direct threat of violence he they just
had those politically incorrect chants
so let's be clear there they're
targeting this guy for political reasons
they learned about him through Infowars
they don't like his politics and so
they're cracking down on him and there
they arrested him over the chance at the
rally and the Facebook posts so come on
man see this okay how many times have I
made this point in other contexts how
many times have we seen fucking neo-nazi
rallies and I've gone listen man all of
us disagree with what they're saying
that's a given if you're a reasonable
human being you disagree with what they
say but at the same time they're legally
allowed to do that they're legally
that's what free speech is about free
speech protections aren't there so that
when you say I love mother and apple
pies are delicious and rainbows are
pretty that they just protect that
speech because if that was the that
speech never needs protection because
nobody's objecting to it so for each
free speech protections are specifically
there for politically incorrect things
that often times you're outrageous and
oftentimes are genuinely hateful so you
know is it fair to call this guy and
anti cop bigot yeah i'mfine calling him
that it seems to me like he is against
all cops not just bad cops and I that's
not a notion I agree with I just don't
but at the same time he has every right
to say those things there was no direct
threat of violence the FBI admits
there's no direct threat of violence so
now here's the time where I come out
here and I say hey free speech warriors
on the right where the fuck are you
where are you
there's been this whole industry created
of people who are on the right who act
like the main issue they care about is
free speech but what's fascinating about
them is they never happen to come out
and defend the free speech of the people
they disagree with see that's the point
man I don't care it's so easy to defend
the free speech of people you agree with
that's so easy anybody can do that
hey I agree with the guy therefore they
should be allowed to say what they said
Wow
brave there
real test of whether or not you're
principled is if you're willing to go
out there and defend when you don't
agree with the shit the person is saying
so for all the people on the right if
you really care about this issue
go out there and mention hey here's a
guy who's advocating for black gun
rights here's a guy who has said some
genuinely anti-police things but he
should be allowed to say it and they
shouldn't bust down his door and they
shouldn't drag him out in handcuffs
because guess what mean facebook posts
are not against the law
chanting boink boink bang bang even
though it's definitely politically
incorrect and ugly that ain't against
the law either venting and saying hey
they got what they deserved
when a cop dies that may be a gross
thing to say I agree it's gross it ain't
illegal motherfucker it's not illegal so
I want to hear all those free speech
warriors on the right come out and
defend this guy by the way this isn't
the only instance of a crackdown from
the Trump administration on free speech
we have another example of it there's a
comedian who joked on Twitter about
killing ice agents now do I think the
joke was funny no it's not remotely
funny to me
I didn't laugh for a second I does that
mean I like ice no I don't like guys I
despise ice I think they're terrible
immigrations and custom enforcement
fills you who don't know through the
people who go round up immigrants and
ship them out basically and there's been
cases of them going into a hospital
where somebody's being treated for a
brain tumor and dragging out dragging
them out and kicking them out of the
country so they're not a good group of
people but these but there was a
comedian who joked about killing them
and it was clear was a joke it wasn't
like up in the air it was obviously in
the context of a joke and he got a visit
from Department Homeland Security so ok
there's an issue of free speech and
they're coming and cracking down on
people for making jokes cracking down on
people for saying mean things about
police officers all of this is legal all
of it is legal all of it is legal so how
about we actually have some free speech
warriors out there who are consistent
who will defend people even people they
disagree with so I'm waiting I'm waiting
for people to come out
from the right and say they agree with
Rakeem balligan and he shouldn't be
persecuted like this I won't hold my
breath
