one of the latest viral videos features
an attorney from New York going off at
employees at a fast-food restaurant
known as fresh kitchen in midtown
apparently there were customers there
who were speaking to one of the
employees at the restaurant in Spanish
and the attorney was outraged about it
here's the video that went viral
so in that video just in case you had a
hard time hearing it he made the
argument that oh you're probably here
illegally and I'm paying for you to be
here I'm paying for your welfare I just
want to clarify one quick thing about
undocumented immigrants which by the way
there's no indication that anyone in
that restaurant was undocumented but
when it comes to undocumented immigrants
on a federal level they do not qualify
for any government assistance if you're
undocumented you don't qualify on a
state level some states will provide
some services but again that is up to
state lawmakers to decide so he he
thinks very highly of himself and he
gives himself way too much credit when
he says that he's providing welfare for
undocumented immigrants and he's paying
for them to live here that is not the
case in fact let me be more specific so
they are not allowed to get welfare they
are not allowed to get food stamps
you know you get any of that stuff yes
if they're if they are in a terrible car
accident and they're bleeding out we
will accept them into hospitals because
we're decent human beings we're suppose
so yeah and that might require a little
bit of resources but what they never
tell you is this Steven God's the chief
actuary for the Social Security
Administration they're landing rates
about this calculates that undocumented
immigrants paid thirteen billion dollars
into the retirement trust fund that year
and only got about 1 billion dollars in
benefits if you think about that makes
sense everybody has to pay the payroll
tax it's taken out of your check but if
you're undocumented you can't collect
Social Security or Medicare so they put
in twelve billion dollars extra into the
federal government that they don't get
back so they actually ironically
schlossberg might be a living off of
them hey right and and then one more
thing now you measure state and local
because sometimes in state and local
areas they do get some small benefits
because again we want to be a decent
human beings but what you never
see is the the taxes of the day pavers
top 1% in state local level do you know
that young undocumented immigrants pay
more than the top 1% in state local
taxes they pay eight point nine percent
and the top 1% only pay five point four
percent so I mean does that make any
sense to you guys I mean you can say hey
undocumented immigrants they should pay
taxes okay I get it no question right
but why is the why are the richest
people in the country paying less taxes
think people who had to sneak into the
country because they were so desperate
for a job right and also you know I want
to emphasize that blue states liberal
states like California for instance
which do offer some services for
undocumented immigrants in other words
they offer services for the poor and
they don't say no based on you know your
immigration status well in California
they pay sales tax and sales tax in
California as all the conservatives in
the country know and love to complain
about is pretty high it's nearly ten
percent so they do pay taxes and if it's
up to the states to decide whether or
not they use the state resources to help
people then that's that's their decision
but to say that they get federal help in
the form of government programs is a
straight out lie so he's beyond
misinformed now with that said
apparently after that video went viral a
bunch of his former classmates from when
he went to law school reached out to the
media so to give you an example a real
justice pact co-founder Shaun King wrote
on Twitter that thirteen people have
reported being harassed by sloshed Berg
sloth's Berg some of which were
videotaped so he started sharing some of
these videos and I came across one that
that took place two years ago in October
of 2016 it features a man named Willie
Morris he's a white guy and apparently
Aaron sloth's Berg approached him and
started harassing him we have that video
for you take a look
but crunchy from I'm gonna call the
police you don't run into people I'm
gonna sit in here you're not you're an
ugly foreigner so you I don't know this
guy at all
don't worry I've got you on video now I
walk in the wrong shop this guy
literally just ran into me and it went
crazy
I thought is it from Europe
that's the craziest thing I've seen
literally hell about this bag shoves it
into me and then receives like flip out
so let me jump in because I watched
Willie Morris's whole video yeah and he
he does this funny explanation of how
large the sidewalk is and how they were
on the very edge of it him and his
girlfriend right and you could see it in
the video and and this insane dude she
lost Berg walks right into them ramps
into them he's like what are you doing
and then he starts yelling at him you're
an ugly foreigner and and they were so
surprised they're like well I'm on this
must be a joke and I must know this guy
yeah or you must know this guy and
they're like no there's something random
dude there just ran into us and
threatened to call the cops on us
because we're foreigners he's like I'm
from Massachusetts okay and even if I
was a portal what are you doing that's
crazy
he seems to have this pattern of
accusing people of being foreigners and
then threatening them with calls to
authorities right like it must make him
feel good about himself like a big tough
guy like imma call the police two easy
ways Foley on Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
