so a new story out from Ryan grim at the
intercept about Michael Cohen and he's
got an amazing source for this so you
all know by now that Michael Cohen got
paid a lot of money by companies like
AT&T and Novartis and then some connect
companies connected to Russian oligarchs
too
I was greatly amused by some of the
excuses to consult with them on real
estate and other preposterous excuses of
course to basically peddle influence
saying yeah I can get you favors from
the Trump administration and and so now
people are looking into who at 18 T and
then those other blue chip companies did
that but it turns out those are not the
only people that Michael Cohen asked
money off so in this case there is
someone very important in the Qatari
government or that was in the Qatari
government that also had an interaction
with Michael Kohn that is relevant to
this so in several conversations with
the intercept since March this shall one
L room I he talked about an encounter he
had with President Donald Trump's
personal lawyer Michael Cohen in
December of 2016 so he Trump is won the
election but he's not yet president I'll
remind he said that Cohen asked him for
an upfront fee of 1 million dollars for
his services in the midst of their
conversation about a potential Qatari
investment in u.s. infrastructure I
don't know and the report did not say
whether he actually did this when asking
for it
I would like 1 million dollars but he
apparently did ask for that money and
he's like you guys invest in American
infrastructure we'll get a couple guys
in there as you'll see in a second
that's also part of the deal and and
then will look good for you know having
you guys invest in building out America
you guys will look great right and we'll
all make money now in order for to make
this happen maybe you give me a million
dollars and we set this up for you right
he's such a two-bit crook
and he's in a world of trouble because
the FBI and the Special Counsel and all
those guys have all this information you
think Michael Cohen was savvy enough to
cover this up he's got people he was
trying to make deals with talking to the
press he's oh he's in so much trouble
okay
as the kind as Grimm explains as the
conversation turns the infrastructure
fund Cowan suggested that Qatar could
revitalize some Midwestern towns saying
according to Al Rahman he for example we
could find a steel factory that's about
to shut down you guys can invest and
I'll give you some names to appoint as
partners
oh that's awesome you guys put in the
money he says we will put in the
know-how and share the profits 5050 we
can perhaps get a federal government
offtake agreement for 10 years 10 to 15
years if we revitalize a city grapey are
you guys will look like you're saving
the city everybody wins now look if you
revitalize the city that's good for the
city etc but mainly Mike Royko is
talking about the profits you're gonna
get half the profits and then these guys
that I'm gonna name later they're gonna
get half the profits so who are those
guys and in fact that's exactly what the
guy who was talking to was wondering
himself al reminds that the biggest
winners would be the silent partners who
would put in quote unquote know-how
rather than money and walk away with
half the profits man it's such a scheme
so they wound up not doing that deal
when L ramai he asked Cohen more
generally about important projects that
the investment fund should back Cohen
said there were plenty of options but
Cohen said he would need 1 million
dollars first as part of his fee as
rumah he explained to the intercept and
they say explained in the follow-up that
room I he said he did not pay Cohen and
Cohen says since revealed account ledger
includes no payment from L room I he or
any companies connected to him and but
he did try he did try to get that money
out of that guy whether he would have
actually delivered on any of those deals
is totally suspect and
know that AT&T ever got anything out of
Michael come but here he was going
around saying oh yeah I get Trump I'm
his personal lawyer I could hook you up
with them gonna get you deals great deal
so you pay me first pay me first Oh
corruption 101 okay now all of this got
revealed because the stormy done Daniels
affair and remember that he had said ah
Michael Cohen had set up a company
called essential consultants and that
was a company just to funnel money over
to stormy Daniels one hundred thirty
thousand dollars that he paid off we
found out very recently that it is now
confirmed that that Trump did pay back
Michael Cohen and that's why Giuliani
had recently come out and gotten ahead
of the story and say yeah yeah yeah he
reimbursed him so he was using Accession
consultants for that but he was also
using it to run these scams and so and
and a lot of the banks were concerned
about it because if banks see suspicious
activity they have to report it to the
government and there was red flags all
over Michael combs accounts especially
in regards to essential consultants and
then stormy Daniels lawyer sent out a
tweet with a picture of elrom I he and
Michael Cohen meeting at the Trump Tower
Lobby so then one more reference in the
intercept to that the photo sparked
viral speculation that I'll remind his
visit was somehow connected to the sale
of the Russian firm Ross Neff
which closed on December 10th I'll
remind he said that the deal was not
part of his portfolio and had long been
in the works and that he did not meet
that day with Flynn despite being at
Trump Tower
so look take everything that everybody
says with a grain of salt including al
Rahman he who ran this enormous fund for
Qatar was about a hundred billion dollar
fund so they didn't wind up doing the
deal that Cohen wanted but they did do a
deal and and and then for an
infrastructure project not related to
this and then there was a question of
the Roth's Neff deal now Rosneft is the
Russian oil company and they're the ones
that had a deal with Exxon Mobil
the sanctions that the Democrats in
Obama put into place and they wanted
those sanctions lifted meanwhile Qatar
is also involved in this and and also
making deal with Rosneft and in fact
they bought a piece of roast nerve and
this guy running the hundred billion
dollar fund for Qatar happens to be at
Trump Tower the same way that Flynn is
talking with guys from Rosneft and he
says oh well that part's a total
coincidence don't worry about that part
no I would worry about that part if I
was investigators so now back to the
bank accounts for the final part of this
story now we go to The New Yorker Ronan
Farrow reporting on this there were
reports about Michael Cohen's bank
accounts and how there was suspicious
activity well recently some of those
financial records were released to the
public by someone on the inside
and he went talk to Ronan Farrow about
why he did it yes he said look you guys
saw the 18 teen of artists etc but there
was two other huge reports about
suspicious activity that totaled three
million dollars and then they
disappeared from the record and I was
afraid that they were going to do it
make this disappear from the record and
this is unprecedented so he this guy on
the inside in the government doesn't
know who's making these records
disappear The New Yorker talked to seven
different officials who are involved in
this process and they all said
suspicious activity reports disappearing
are nearly unprecedented they're
supposed to be part of the permanent
record now not a lot of people can see
them but there's a certain place where
they are and the people who should be
able to see them can't anymore so they
don't know who took them man the
corruption runs super deep but in that
case we we don't know if it's a Trump
for example Treasury Department making
those this records disappear that's an
enormous problem massive Mesmer it might
though be the investigators who are
pulling those records the Special
Counsel and so that they don't get
leaked we don't know that yet but so now
let's go to the New York report the
report also refers to two previous
suspicious activity reports or
czars that the bank had filed which
documented even larger flows of
questionable money into Cohn's account
those two reports to tell more than
three million dollars in additional
transactions triple the amount in the
report released last week which
individuals or corporations were
involved remains a mystery so there's a
lot more suspicious activity in Michael
cones bank records that was previously
reported at this point not surprising
given all the evidence that's already
publicly available but some
investigators should definitely be
looking at that because this corruption
that's already public is massive if
that's not the part they were worried
about pump man they really got a look
into the ones that they're hiding so
that law enforcement official who leaked
this the first report says I have never
seen something pulled off the system
that system is a safeguard for the bank
it's a stockpile of information when
something's not there that should be I
immediately became concerned and he says
he realizes danger of leaking you can
get up to five years in prison 250,000
dollar fine and he says he's terrified
about that but he thought that it was
his duty to make sure the public knew
that there were these suspicious
activities Mike accountant Kona's
accountant he would have never leaked it
if they hadn't made two other reports
disappear from the system which almost
never happens so he was worried today
we're gonna get rid of all the evidence
and again he doesn't know who was doing
it either yet and we'll find out
hopefully later but the fact that that
exists is very important information for
the American public to know finally
Cohen had set up his a new account for
himself as well to funnel the money from
essential component consultants that's
the basically shadow company that he set
up now finally back into his account now
he's spending out of that he's paying
for his Mercedes and other things but he
transferred a million bucks into his own
account as well now that was at Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney so that's where
this part of the story picks up they
explained that Morgan Stanley Smith
Barney marked those transactions which
added up to more than a million dollars
as possible size of quote bribery or
gratuity
and quote suspicious use of third-party
trans actors in other words straw men
and other banks said they were concerned
with quote money laundering so there's a
lot more of this story Michael Cohen the
attorney for Donald Trump apparently was
up to a ton of corruption remember the
investigators raided his home his hotel
room and his business they have all his
records now so if he's in this much
trouble and he has information on Donald
Trump do you think that this guy would
be concerned enough about ethics that he
wouldn't flip on Donald Trump
that's exactly why Trump is in a panic
over this they've been running scams for
a long long time
if the FBI or investigators have those
records now only a matter of time two
easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
