so Rex Tillerson former Secretary of
State for Donald Trump former CEO of
ExxonMobil now he left on not good terms
with Donald Trump basically fired now
that's a dramatic turn of events in any
administration not in the Trump
administration it's probably buried
between tweets and there are so many
controversies in the Trump
administration that you almost forget
that he fired his Secretary of State
which is really intense dramatic news
and if any other president had done that
we'd probably still be talking about it
and it might be among the bigger issues
of controversies of their term if Obama
had said this John Kerry guy he stinks
I'm firing him or if he had done that to
another Secretary of State he had
Hillary Clinton gigantic news but we're
used to the madness of Trump so we roll
on now it was crazy to put Tillerson him
there in the first place
he had no diplomatic experience and so
I'm giving you context here because I
got no love for Tillerson he never
should have had that job and and I think
that putting the CEO of ExxonMobil there
was done on purpose to try to really to
revive a deal that we had with the
Russians that when I say we in this case
it was literally Exxon Mobil that had
the deal with the Russians it was a half
a trillion dollar deal and and that
didn't work out because the Congress
wouldn't have it and they put sanctions
on there I had predicted just a couple
of days before Rex Tillerson stepped
down / was fired that he would go and
it's because at that point it was
announced that the ExxonMobil deal was
never going to happen and that Exxon was
giving up on it
so then Tillerson had no point in
staying in the administration but he did
catch feelings and he apparently still
has not let it go so he was giving a
speech at the Virginia Military
Institute giving their commencement and
these are clear references
the president Trump and I like this
drama okay look at the the veiled
attacks on Trump upon the state of our
American democracy I observe a growing
crisis in ethics and integrity if our
leaders seek to conceal the truth or we
as people become accepting of
alternative realities that are no longer
grounded in facts then we as American
citizens are on a pathway to
relinquishing our freedom this is the
life of non democratic societies
comprised of people who are not free to
seek the truth
Wow this is the life of non democratic
society as people who are seeing it
conceal the truth accepting of
alternative realities shots fired
so even the people that he brought in I
believe at least to do some degree of
corruption inside the administration
thought wow this is not what I signed up
for this is we were looking to make
business deals we were looking to lift
sanctions but it turns out these guys
have a totally alternative reality and
if you might remember one of the big
conflicts between Tillerson and Trump
was a story that was leaked about how
after having a meeting with Trump
Tillison came out and called him an
effing moron
that's because Donald Trump is a total
and utter moron and anyone who works
with him can see that it's plain as day
and whatever criticism I have of rice
Lewisohn which is significant he is not
a dumb man he he ran Exxon Mobil and
fought his way to get up to that
position
and and they are one of the largest
companies in the world so for him to
take orders from Trump who is to say
that he's not intelligent as a great
understatement and to say that he is a
liar is a great understatement had to
get under his skin and they could get
fired by him oh for God's sake so he's
not done with him my damn sight here he
goes again and responsibility of every
American citizen to each other
mister preserve and protect our freedom
by recognizing what truth
is and is not what a fact is and is not
and begin by holding ourselves
accountable to truthfulness and demand
our pursuit of America's future be
fact-based not based on wishful thinking
not hoped for outcomes made in shallow
promises but with a clear-eyed view of
the facts as they are and guided by the
truth that will set us free to seek
solutions to our most daunting
challenges Troms so he keeps saying one
shot after another after another on
Trump and I said failed but it is thinly
veiled clear reverences Donald Trump not
singing with the truth not sticking with
facts and and by the way more important
than the drama between Tillerson and
Trump is here's a guy who was at the
very top of the Trump administration at
Secretary of State one of the most
important positions there is in
government and he's giving you a warning
not only does this administration lie
over and over again not only do they not
care about facts not only they want to
conceal things but that it is a threat
to our democracy and that's a guy who
was an ally of Donald Trump a guy who is
deeply right-wing and he's telling the
people at Virginia Military Institute
but obviously speaking of the old
country be careful watch out this guy
doesn't even believe in democracy
so one last one on this when we as
people of free people go wobbly on the
truth even on what may seem the most
trivial of matters we go wobbly on
America and Rex Olson is here to tell
you don't go wobbly on America okay and
he's absolutely right about that
so I look I am concerned you've got a
poll out there and I'm one of dozens of
different facts that have us concerned
where Donald Trump has gotten 61% of
Republicans to believe that the FBI is
manufacturing evidence against them and
and has you know subverted the the truth
for justice and actually got into a room
launched the conspiracy risk their
entire careers all of them working in
law enforcement and FBI and in the
government for all obviously and as
lawyers their whole career and most of
them Republicans but Trump tells you
know they got in a room and they send a
risk all of that to launch an insane
conspiracy against the most powerful guy
in the country and he got 61% of
Americans - or Republicans to say oh
yeah that's yep that's what happened at
21% are not sure they're like maybe
everyone at the FBI is a liar and
hatched the most unbelievable conspiracy
in American history or maybe they're
telling the truth and Donald Trump might
have done something wrong 70 only 17
percent of Republicans that's
unbelievable only 17 percent of
Republicans think that the FBI is just
doing their job and that they're the top
law enforcement in the country and they
have not invented some insane conspiracy
so that is how you get wobbly on
democracy when you stop law enforcement
when you don't believe in the rule of
law anymore and you allow the leaders to
subvert truth justice and yes the
American Way and our system of
government so here's a guy who is on the
inside telling you yes that is what
they're trying to do be careful don't
let him do it two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
