at the White House today Trump did
several things that of course we've
gotten used to but we shouldn't
so Trump said about undocumented
immigrants these aren't people they're
animals just like I think the fourth
time he's called immigrants animals he
is not just talking about the criminals
then he's just talking about under here
and immigrants that ice is starting to
round it round up they're not just
rounding up people with criminal history
and and by the way when they go after
immigrants in their rhetoric the
Republicans now they talk about chain
migration which is legal immigrants so
the fact that they don't like immigrants
is obvious then it's not just
undocumented immigrants in this case
that those are the people that he's
referring to as animals this is fascism
this is what they do they do humanize
people they demonize people they spread
hatred and fear of the others they take
specific groups and blame them for all
the problems in the case of Latin
America and Latinos in this country
Donald Trump said that and his
administration keeps saying that the
opioid problem is because of the drugs
coming in from Mexico in the Latin
American countries look you say that
about marijuana it's actually the war on
drugs but at least I understand it
because that's being brought over some
of that is being brought over the border
okay but if you say that about opioids
opioids are produced legally here in
America by giant American pharmaceutical
companies what does that have to do with
my so it doesn't matter demonize
dehumanize and he's not subtle about it
he just flat-out says they are not
people they are animals
yes that's fascism that's what they do i
and they've been doing a Muslims for a
long time now
it's Latinos and and we can't get used
to it I mean look it's in such
incredibly strange times imagine if
before the madness began under Obama if
Obama had said about a group of white
people that he didn't like they're not
people they're animals people if Obama
said that first of all it would have
been terribly wrong it would have been
just as wrong as Trump saying this but
of course he wouldn't have said that
because he's not a monster like Trump is
Obama had a thousand problems but it
certainly wasn't among them and and
Trump says that regularly but when it's
about white people it seems unimaginable
calling white people animals that's
crazy right when it's about Latinos who
are crossing a border for a better life
in America oh yeah normal it's normal I
mean number one the press will treat it
I mean they'll talk about it don't get
me wrong right and but they they'll
treat this fairly routine if not normal
and a lot of the right wing will
celebrate it what do you mean of course
they are are you liberals you you don't
call things as they are they're ad
allows we're great they're the worst
they're Muslims are you're irredeemable
Latinos now are irredeemable all the
others they're the source of our
problems not the people who rigged the
system are not the powerful they're the
powerless and they're not even people
there are animals so when we do terrible
things to them lock them up break up
their families and do more unspeakable
things hey we just are about to put in a
CIA director known for torturing people
so when we do those things it's okay cuz
they're not really people they're
animals and by the way he also said that
the mayor of Oakland should be brought
up on obstruction of justice charges
because she explained that ice was
coming in and she warned her citizens
about basically their Gestapo tactics
and and so Trump's saying basically you
disagreed with me politically so I
he literally directed his Attorney
General to start an investigation on her
now
lock her up now I told you these
fascists would start to lock up their
political opponents if they can if we
allow it if we normalize it and hear his
excuses whoa what do you mean I
we couldn't arrest as many undocumented
immigrants as who you want to because
she made that message now the head of
ice in San Francisco quit when the Trump
administration put that message out cuz
he's like that that's not true it's not
factual it did not affect the rest in
the way that the Trump administration is
claiming but it doesn't have to be true
just has to be a fig leaf enough for the
right-wing to go ah yeah we knew it
they're animals we should have gotten
all those animals and and rounded them
up because they're a problem they're a
virus etcetera this is exactly the type
of language
that Monstress have used throughout
history whether it was the Nazis it was
the colonialists the conquistadors
they're savages etc and the list goes on
and on and so the Trump isn't along the
line of fascists and we can't let him
start locking up his political opponents
and dehumanizing people this way
