it appears that Ted Cruz who is running
for re-election and is facing a tight
race with federal Roarke has renewed the
url's
sleazy Donald u.s. and Daffy Donald dot
u.s. well good for him now these are
URLs that he purchased back in 2016 when
he was running against Donald Trump and
when it was very clear that they didn't
like each other
remember Trump said that Cruz's wife was
ugly
he also spread some conspiracy theory
about how Cruz's father was the Zodiac
killer just no no no let's get our
theory yeah yeah it was all nonsense so
it's hard to remember that Cruz's dad
helped kill JFK oh okay okay
Cruz himself is a Zodiac killer but
that's to be fair that's not Donald
Trump that's the left wing doing they
don't actually believe he's a zodiac
being some sort of killer that's right
there was a new kill jam cake Wow
anyway so they didn't like each other
very much and that was when Ted Cruz
went out of his way to buy these URLs
well the URLs were set to expire and it
appears that he renewed them the Whois
record wasn't updated again until
February of this year when the
expiration date for these URLs was
changed to March of 2019 okay so usually
when you do this like because I know
like if you want to automatically renew
the URL when it's about to expire it
will renew on the day that it was set to
expire but that's not what happened here
it actually renewed a month before they
were set to expire homeboy still hates
Trump and I think that's pretty clear no
but here's what I love about it so I
let's go to graphic 37 I don't know if
you've ever seen this picture before but
after Donald Trump had already called
his wife ugly etc I don't again I'm not
sure you've ever seen this on the actors
before but Ted Cruz want a phone banking
for Donald Trump have you seen that
picture before have we showed it before
it's only my favorite picture and at the
time is that oh no no Donald Trump is
fantastic and you should vote for and
then just recently a couple of days ago
Donald Trump went and
said oh no he's not lying he went and
did a rally for Ted Cruz in Texas and
said he's not lying Ted anymore he's
beautiful Ted so let me show you grab
your thirty-six beautiful Ted at the
rally with bowed head oh that's so sad
that's so wonderfully sad so but
meanwhile yet meanwhile he's Ted Cruz is
renewing those websites meant to attack
Donald Trump knowing that he might run
against them one day they didn't
automatically renew as an appointed out
it is clear that they renewed them
proactively okay someone in Cruz's camp
did that okay mm-hmm as he's bowing his
head he's thinking I want to get you
later you Daffy Donald us rat snake Ted
Cruz's yeah so the how do we know that
Ted Cruz or his campaign renewed this
well it's because the contact email
belonging to these URLs goes to Ted Cruz
org that's a pretty good sign by the way
why doesn't it go to Ted Cruz that cup
cuz the knucklehead and forgot to buy it
and if you go there now it all it says
is please like better oh no but here's
here's the funny thing so he also well
we can't say with complete certainty but
sleazy Donald calm and Daffy Donald calm
have also been purchased but they're
private mm-hmm and they were also
renewed on the exact same day yeah so I
think that you can make a pretty safe
educated guess that he owns those URLs
but he took the extra precaution of
making that private because it's true I
mean the us URL is something that people
are less likely to look into yeah okay
look I love the idea that he got sleazy
Donald calm but forgot to get Ted Cruz
calm now you also forgot that tid
dot-com slash Cruz which is where he you
could donate to an ad we're running yes
Ted Cruz
I'll show you this Vermont are on that
how much we've raised but let's look at
that ad real quick this is ten
Kruse that's him phone banking for
Donald Trump after Trump called his wife
ugly look at him what kind of a man does
that oh yeah Trump also said his father
was probably a murderer he made calls on
behalf of Trump after being unmanned by
him you're looking at the saddest man in
America Ted Cruz 2018 pathetic all right
let's take a look at TYT complex Cruz
see how much we've raised this is all
money that you guys have given
twenty-two thousand six hundred and
seventy two dollars look yesterday I
updated you guys we said it was spent
about ten percent of that so far which
we're spending every day on on
digitalized Facebook and YouTube and
just the Facebook ads on just ten
percent of that money already reached
half a million people in Texas okay oh
that's fun now finally I would like to
apologize someone in this story because
I called Ted Cruz a rat snake earlier
and I'm sorry I I'm not supposed to say
bad words about animals cuz don't
compare them said Cruz don't be that guy
yeah no sorry rats and snakes on the go
don't worry we got you covered you still
listen to t whitey at our new podcast
network find us on Apple podcast at
Google Play Store or at TYT comm slash
podcast
