kristan Nielsen who is the secretary for
the Department of Homeland Security had
to answer a few questions in front of
the Senate Homeland Security and
government affairs committee now during
this line of questioning Kamala Harris
senator Kamala Harris got to ask
specific questions in regard to the
Department of Homeland Security
supporting and allowing children to be
separated from their parents as
immigrants are trying to cross the
border now the New York Times had
recently written an explosive story
about this and Kamala Harris wanted to
know if the Department of Homeland
Security is allowing for this to happen
where did they get some guidance on this
and what happens to the children now I
love the way that this all unfolded
because if you pay close attention you
can tell that Nielsen is doing
everything she can to deflect or hide
the fact that yes these children are
being separated from their parents let's
take a look at the first video have you
been directed to separate parents from
children as a method of deterrence of
undocumented immigration I have not been
directed to do that for purposes of
deterrence no what what purpose has have
you been given for separating parents
from their children so my decision has
been that anyone who breaks the law will
be prosecuted if you're a parent or your
single person or you happen to have a
family
if you cross between the ports of entry
we will refer you for prosecution you've
broken US law so Nielsen uses different
wording there she says oh we will
prosecute the parents okay but what does
that mean prosecuting the parents
usually means yes putting them detaining
them and then putting them through a
court system but in the process of that
happening the children get taken away
meaning they get separated from their
parents and they get placed in you know
custody and then later may be foster
care and if the children aren't able to
or if they aren't able to find relatives
in the United States or in you know the
country of origin then that child can be
detained indefinitely it's a huge issue
and you know it might sound like it's a
good
way of deterring people but it's cruel
it uses a ton of taxpayer resources
which is something that people should
care about even if they don't care about
the well-being of these children and you
know it's a traumatic experience for
innocent kids who haven't done anything
wrong intentionally obviously so Jing
jumping yeah so Jeff Sessions when asked
about this said if you don't want your
child separated then don't bring them
across the border illegally it's not our
fault that somebody does that so I know
that that's really persuasive to a lot
of the right-wing first let's just note
that he acknowledges yeah of course we
are separating them so I don't know why
Nielsen's pretending too that that's not
what's happening right she seems to be
trying to dodge the question for no
reason
Carla Harris with good questions and
good follow-up when she said are you
separating them for the purpose of
deterrence and Nielsen says no not for
the purpose of deterrence in other words
yeah you are separating them just say
say it right and and I'm gonna get back
to why that happens sometimes right and
Obama did that sometimes so but when you
look at sessions quote about if you
don't want their kids every border
illegal that's their choice well it's
true that is their choice but it they
might be making that choice because of
tremendous violence in the area and
they're worried about their kids life
and their safety so ok but they made
that choice but we also get to make a
choice so in some cases we make the
choice to separate the kids from the
parents if the parents for example did
committed a crime here in the United
States well then we would say we don't
have a choice yeah what do we do put let
the parents just go if they killed
someone you can't do that right and we
can't put the kids in jail with the
parents so you got to separate the kids
from that and the parents that happens
so that's a choice we're making so but
in this case they have not committed to
any other crime their crime was simply
to come here and in the past we made the
choice that it's not worth separating
the kids in a really traumatic way and
then shipping them off in
according to the Washington Post that
we're going to ship them off to defense
military bases right we'll explain in a
second you know the the mechanics behind
that shipping them off to military bases
with people they don't know without
their parents and imprisoning their
parents for up to six months for
crossing the border in the past we made
the choice of that's really traumatic
let's not do that let's just send them
back it's not to say hey welcome here's
your nice mansion on a yacht no you're
not allowed here you got to go back now
the Trump administration is saying nah
let's punish him a little bit more put
them in jail for six months and then
their kids if you know sad day for them
go to a military base into foster care
not only is it cruel to the family which
by the way I want to really emphasize
these are not people who have been
living in the United States who had
committed a crime and as a result are
being prosecuted their kids were taken
away for them that is not what we're
having a discussion about these are
people who are coming from Central
American countries where the gang
violence has gotten so bad that they're
worried about this their own safety and
the safety of their children so they
come to the United States seeking refuge
and just the mere thought of them
crossing the border into the United
States is considered a crime under the
trump administration and in an effort to
deter this from happening and an effort
to punish them for attempting to do this
they will separate the kids from the
parents and then the parents will be put
in detention awaiting a trial by the way
which is paid for through our resources
our taxpayer money and that kid is also
put in custody and so that is a
disastrous way to handle this situation
if you don't care about being humane you
don't care about you know the lives of
these people okay I mean I disagree with
you and I couldn't disagree with you
more on that perspective but in the very
least understand that if you genuinely
care about your taxpayer money or your
resources being misused this is a prime
example of it being misused they're not
committing a crime simply for coming to
this country to seek refuge that is not
the way that they were treated in the
past but it's the way they're being
treated now so if you're wondering why
they're going to military bases because
there's not a lot of places to house
them
so the military is not in charge of them
Homeland Security is but they're using
the military bases to house them and
there's not that much space there's only
a space for a little over 10,000 kids
we're at 91% capacity now 10,000 571
kids I don't know what they're gonna do
when they run out of that space I'm not
sure they know what they're gonna do
when they run out of space now to be
fair to the Trump administration at the
peak of when there was a huge migration
in the country of families again because
of violence and other socio-economic
conditions happening in the year 2014
the Obama administration had more than
7,000 children in in bases in Oklahoma
Texas in California so it's not like
this has never happened before it has
happened but it has happened under
completely different circumstances so
during that year you had a large number
of unaccompanied minors coming into the
United States no one was prepared for it
and there was no shelter no housing no
plan put in place to take care of that
situation right and so he didn't do it
as a way of punishing people and by the
way Obama had many problems when it came
to his own actions in regard to
immigration but with that said his
intentions there were very different
from the intentions that were seeing
with the Trump administration yeah and
so that goes to my final ironic defense
of the Trump administration here they
told you they were gonna be vicious and
now they're being vicious so we
shouldn't be surprised Trump said he'd
murder the family members of people he
considered terrorist that's you know in
the Middle East and in the case of
immigrants he said he didn't believe in
catch and release so if you don't
believe in catch or at least that means
you're gonna imprison the people that
come here that means you're gonna
separate them from their family in the
past only 10 percent of the people
coming here had come with kids or were
kids themselves are not with adults now
it's up to 40% because the crisis that's
happening in Central America and the
Trump administration is making a choice
to be vicious to them separate the
family from the kids imprison the
parents and not care about any crisis or
whether
their lives were in danger in Central
America whether that has to do with the
war on drugs that we started and and so
if you like that I'm sure you're
thrilled yeah I show them take their
kids away and the three-year-old a seven
year old put him in a military base and
and we stuff more of them in there
and make that choice and we're thrilled
with that choice okay then your Trump
voter and you should be happy that's
what he promised you that's what he's
giving you for the rest of us is that
the country we want to be where we don't
say hey I know you're trying to come for
freedom I know you're trying to come for
opportunity I know you're running away
from something really really dangerous
and you're trying to look out for your
family
we can't have you in the country and we
can't have you crossing the border
illegally so we're not going to allow it
that's one choice we can make or we can
say I'm gonna punish you and take away
your kids and put you in prison yeah
that's not the country I want right and
I just want to add one more thing to
this because these conversations are
nodding at this point because we
constantly talk about what kind of
band-aid we want to use on a gushing
wound we never have a discussion about
the core of the issue and what's causing
all of these people to leave their
homeland looking for refuge okay it's
because of gang violence why is there so
much gang violence in these countries
Honduras El Salvador Guatemala what's
going on does the u.s. play any role in
that right why are these gangs so
powerful where are they getting their
weapons from why is it that they're you
know they have the money to do what they
do is it because they're trafficking
drugs if you legalize drugs there's a
possibility that these gangs won't have
the amount of power that they do we
don't have a discussion about what we're
gonna do about those gangs and whether
or not the United States plays a role in
empowering and embolden tting these
gangs instead we just have a discussion
about how we can punish the victims of
that gang violence and and finally we've
seen this movie before so if I know the
right way ideology is there's gangs
because you know they're Latin American
you know how they are they pursued
rapists and criminals etc and there's
nothing you could do about it no if you
look at history it's a very easy guide
so when we did prohibition on alcohol
what
we get we got gangs vicious gangs inside
the United States we could have said
well that's Chicago of course all the
Americans in Chicago are brutal and
vicious savages they would do gangs no
matter what no they did gangs because
they profit it from selling alcohol
because everybody wanted alcohol and now
there are vicious gangs because they
profit from selling drugs why because
people want drugs and so if you do
prohibition it leads to gangs
every time so Anna's absolutely right
the actual problem is the war on drugs
but we play these silly little games to
demonize and demagogue because it gets
people votes in this country and and the
casualties of that war are these kids
and these parents that have come here
that we have now chosen to treat in in
the most brutal ways too easy ways Folio
interests want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
