a gubernatorial candidate in Oklahoma is
catching a little bit of heat after some
posts that were made on his Facebook
page he's claiming that those posts were
not written by him basically indicating
that it was written on his behalf or
maybe his account was hacked but the
comments are disgusting to say the least
Christopher Barnett is the name of the
candidate and in a Facebook post the
administrator initially posted a poll
about food stamp requirements and then
made comments claiming euthanasia is a
solution to the issue of poor and
disabled of the poor and disabled so
I'll give you some examples of the
comments that were written this was
actually a Facebook commenter who was
arguing hey most people are receiving
these food stamps do work or are
disabled some are elderly the response
to that comment was pretty defensive and
it said the following the ones who are
disabled and can't work why are we
required to keep them sorry but
euthanasia is cheaper and doesn't make
everyone a slave to the government okay
so basically we shouldn't offer any
assistance to those who are disabled yet
why should we take care of them you
euthanizing them is a much better
solution yeah that way they're not a
slave the government well they're dead
so they're not anything I suppose now do
you really believe this guy was hacked
that some random candidate in the middle
of Oklahoma there was some sort of
nefarious plot against and then the the
hacker wound up saying things that a lot
of right-wingers nessa not not I don't
want to say all majority of
right-wingers play killed well right but
have you not heard or seen right-wing
zealots online that say things along
these lines well do you should milk off
of us man there's so if they are being
ditched they're a problem and they
should need to go die or do whatever
they're gonna do right it sounds just
like a right-wing zealot no the people
in power like the real people who are
creating an economic system
that puts everyone at a disadvantage
those are the people who have
successfully distracted us and put all
of our attention on attacking the weak
and the powerless right so disabled
people really that's the enemy here the
disabled people are the ones that we
should be focusing on and you're gonna
advocate for murdering them okay so and
let me read the final quote there and
you take this anyway like he says if
they can take care of themselves without
government assistance great if not let
them starve and die easy as that so he's
made an argument well look I'm not going
to go actively kill them but but he did
say euthanasia we should allow for that
and then he's saying well at least let
them starve and die cuz every man for
themselves and I don't care about anyone
else this is the logical extension of
the Republican philosophy of extreme
individualism well and no empathy
so we they've been taught over and over
again the poor it's their fault for
being poor the rich earned it and
they're great and they're good citizens
and the poor are bums milking off of you
so I'm not at all surprised about the
comment about the poor but once you've
lost all empathy then are you surprised
that you're at a point where some
Republicans say oh the disabled that's
their problem not my problem I'm not
that guy okay I'm very curious what you
know this man would think about I don't
know maybe a military vet who served and
and put his or her life on the line to
serve the country came back with a
disability and needed government
assistance do you think that they should
be euthanized as well yeah so
Christopher Barnett could have made a
logical defense of this it which is a
staffer did it I didn't do it right but
that would involve throwing a staffer on
the bus if the staffer actually did do
it okay well then you should throw them
under the bus
you shouldn't have someone working for
you who thinks we should euthanize the
disabled and the poor right yeah if you
want to protect that guy okay well then
that's on you but that at least would
have been
to say that somebody hacked into your
account to write things that Republicans
might write but you know what I'm saying
it's just it's very very unbelievable
and so it be wary of people saying they
got their accounts hacked whether
they're Republican candidates for
governor or MSNBC hose so Christopher
Barnett did release a statement about
all this I want to read it to you just
to wrap this up he says there are people
saying they want to shoot me they are
going to assassinate me they're going to
shoot me they are going to blow me up
I'm in this election I'm not dropping
out they're not going to intimidate me I
love see again this is there's no
empathy when he was saying let people
die or euthanize them that was perfectly
fine yeah when he gets blowback for that
comment he's a real victim then he's
like oh but they're singing about me
it's totally fine when I was thinking
about you who would you say it about me
I'm outraged and by the way he should be
don't don't say you're gonna shoot him
or blow that's terrible don't do that
right so but he also shouldn't have put
out that statement and the fact that he
can't see that that it's deeply
problematic and he now feels like the
victim that needs a safe space hypocrisy
at its finest two easy ways for the
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
