last night jenkin I did almost four
hours of live election coverage of the
primaries going on in four different
states and we covered a number of races
some wins some losses for progressives
overall it seemed like a pretty good
night and then we find out by today that
there were actually a number of other
races so generally at the the state
house state Senate level where there
were some progresses when twins as well
and overall it made it even a better
night really lean towards hey no not so
bad and so we wanted to spotlight a few
of those races that we didn't get to in
our coverage last night starting off
with a few members of the DSA that
actually one in Pennsylvania what do you
know about that huh Sarah innamorato
defeats incumbent state representative
Dom Kosta she got nearly 65 percent of
the votes yeah there you go
okay I have a couple things to say first
of all if you're messing any of our
primary coverage you're making a
terrible mistake
the ending of last night's coverage was
fantastic you check out our clip about
Karen we saw live how she'd won you
could always find all our clips on
youtube.com slash tyt if you're a member
you can get all the coverage any time
you want t y-t-dot-com slash join and
but just nice and easy any election
night t y-t-dot-com slash live we're
always here okay now there was a lot of
dramatic moments last night but but we
also had some progressive losses like we
were really I was super gung-ho about
Greg Edwards he lost and and he was
supported by all the big progressive
groups just Democrats p triple c or
revolution bernie sanders went i would
from i found out why he lost today Ryan
grim with a great report about it Ryan
works the intercept and also as a
contributor for the Young Turks I'll get
back to that in a second but I also
found out about these Democratic
socialists winning and man the
progressive wave was totally real the
reason I brought up Greg Edwards is
sometimes you get discouraged there was
a significant losses in Illinois good
wins in Illinois two big wins in Texas
so it's back and forth back and forth
and it's really interesting but
when you got Democratic socialists not
just winning but beating incumbents yeah
that's a hell of a thing man that's not
small that's really really big cuz it's
an indication of the wave by themselves
first of all even by themselves now
there's Democratic socialists win in
Virginia there's two in Pennsylvania
even by themselves they're surprising
this then age three years ago they would
have been shocking shocking right but
the fact that it's happening so often is
definitely indicative yeah and so if you
like the Democratic Socialist you're
thrilled even if you're not in that
particular camp that means the left wave
is so strong that even that portion is
now actually getting into state houses
exactly well we have a second actually
some early also in Pennsylvania defeated
incumbent State Representative Paul
Costa so in by the way getting 68
percent of the votes so slightly a
larger margin there but that's two
incumbents in the in the the state house
in Pennsylvania Dom Costa and Paul Costa
both going down in a single night so
very positive to see that look it could
be that there's like a local race for a
dog catcher and three hundred and
seventy people showed up and there's a
lot of folks in your family and you won
the race but in these are 6,800 that's
al Hana votes 68% said giant margin of
victory for her to get 68% so that means
a lot of people are energized and not a
small group a couple of chapters of
Democratic Socialist showed up and there
was twenty and one and forty two and
another no 6800 votes they came out to
vote for the Democratic Socialist yeah
and and beat an incumbent I'm telling
you these debts that's big news yeah
look we don't have time unfortunately to
do their their histories justice I mean
you should you should look into them but
just very briefly as Sara innamorato
became interested in politics during the
2016 run of Bernie Sanders she started a
podcast to help profile female political
figures in Pennsylvania and some of the
struggles in getting into elected office
and helping them in that way and now she
is actually an elected
we'll be an elected member of the House
well some early got involved after
officials at Woodland Hills High School
were caught on tape threatening and
assaulting African American students she
helped them to organize the students and
run for the board and win and those
officials then resigned so and now she
herself is moving on to win as well so
both very positive there it's amazing
man now finally you're taking action and
it's making a difference yeah yeah we
also have let's see John Fetterman won a
five-way Democratic Party primary race
for lieutenant governor making
Lieutenant Governor Mike stack the first
holder of the office to lose in a
primary elections way that was well last
night and additionally Helen Tai won in
the Bucks County Pennsylvania House
District 178 defeating Republican wendy
thomas that is a special election that's
not a primary that is the 41st seat at
the state level that has switched over
under donald trump okay so now let me go
back to the the one lost Greg Edwards in
the bee as we're doing the coverage live
it looked like that was going to be a
leading indicator turns out no it's
mainly the exception so why did that
really progressive candidate who was a
wonderful candidate really strong worked
hard and raised a lot of money from all
form small donors grassroots effort tons
of volunteers and in for a long time and
when I had interviewed him he had the
fundraising advantage he had more money
than the other candidates because he'd
raised so much from small donors no it
turns out in the last couple of weeks
emily's list came in and put in a
million dollars in Susan Wilde's
campaign that's the centrists
establishment Democrat in the race and
by the way No Labels another pack came
in and put in a ton of money for the
third guy in the race who's the
conservative Trump supporting democratic
organelles so so how did they spring up
is because it turns out money in
politics still matters yeah a million
dollars buys you so many ads and the
whole place gets blanketed and in races
like that
recognition is the most important thing
if everyone in that district had heard
all three of their pitches I'd be super
surprised if Greg Edwards didn't win the
problem is not everybody got to hear
Greg Edwards stance but with a million
bucks
everybody got to hear what Susan Wilde
was about and got to hear her name yeah
so a lot of those so-called progressive
groups like Emily's list you know this
is some civil war stuff and it was in
the party and within the movement you
don't necessarily see it but it is
really important so emily's list has
done some good work supporting female
candidates etcetera a lot of times when
they're really progressive candidates
though even if they're women they don't
get emily's list support they are a very
establishment organization they have a
ton of money and more issue focus than
somebody's more gentle like our
revolution is not solely focused on one
or two issues yeah
just as Democrats and all that yeah more
a little bit more focus on very
particular but if Emily's list focused
on women's rights issues and
reproductive rights and fought for that
exclusively no matter where they were on
the political spectrum establishment or
progressive that I would respect that
and go fantastic that's exactly what
you're supposed to do that's great thank
you for fighting for women in this
country and for their rights but they
don't do that they pick the
establishment candidate nine out of ten
times maybe ninety eight out of a
hundred times and then go the
progressive candidate we're gonna bury
you so here's a pile of cash good night
and good luck
and that's what they did in this race so
it's not to say that while this is a
terrible person or a terrible candidate
no right I looked into at least her
stated positions on issues she's there
are worse establishment Democrats no
question and the conservative Democrat
was terrible I'm glad that he lost and
Susan wah will be way better than the
Republican alternative having said all
that if you're giving to a giant
progressive group in so-called
progressive group in Washington buyer
beware
they might take that money and use it
against fellow progressives yeah yeah
which we always hear is just a waste of
money I mean why get involved at that
point when you can save it for general
election
ya know that's a great point because
look both Susan Wilde and Greg Edwards
100% in favor of women's rights on every
single part of that issues in those
platforms right so why not save the
million dollars because that's what the
Democrats always say oh don't do
primaries don't do primaries let us just
anoint the people and then save your
money for the generations so emily's
list why didn't you save your money for
the general election and again there are
many races where there are two women in
the race and they will crush them or
progress the woman in the race right and
they don't save their money for the
general election when when Democratic
leaders and the establishment tell
emily's list to do something and when
they're big donors tell them to do
something they usually do it and it
often has nothing to do with their
stance on actual women's issues so I
understand that's the game being played
by some of the establishment in DC but
it's okay overall huge victories Keira
Eastman in Nebraska as you saw last
thing if you didn't see it you please
watch these are exciting she was down
most of the night in the beginning she
was up then she went down and then it
was super super close I mean just
hundred votes sometimes 106 votes
sometimes 83 votes separating them and
we were kidding around about recounts
there was only five precincts left and
two percent left to report 98 percent of
coming and she was down and John lime
refreshes it goes oh my god and and we
did the fireworks and so that's two out
of three just Democrats that won last
night Carrie Smith and Jess King and by
the way Jess King was unopposed but she
had a really well-funded establishment
candidate
that left that race to try to run in
another district cuz jess was really
strong now that run did not work out for
that establishment candidate but whoever
wants a state who I won't run run run
rustle up didn't ran I'm off that's
right and Federman who knows could run
against Pat Toomey for Senate in 2022
so this progressive wave is significant
and it is rolling throughout the country
rolling thunder two easy ways fall Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that
YouTube you're notified of our videos
