it really looked like kim jungeun was
all aboard the truck train for a while
there but no no we find out today we are
reminded that the negotiations between
the u.s. South Korea and North Korea are
not going to be as simple as Donald
Trump seemed to be pitching them to be
about a week ago and that while it
looked like we're gonna get this summit
and they're gonna talk to their best
friends and people are shaking hands
people are stepping over things
everything's be hunky-dory no the North
Koreans still want things and are still
going to play hardball if they can and
they are doing that first of all the
North Korean leadership has pulled out
of a high-level meeting with South Korea
they have already done that and at the
same time they are threatening to walk
away from the June 12th summit in
Singapore that Kim jong-un and Donald
Trump are supposed to attend it's still
quite far off but they're saying we
might not go and they're keeping a
couple of reasons for that and so we're
gonna break those down today but yeah
they put out a warning on Wednesday as
saying that they might not go in part
because of joint military exercises that
the u.s. is conducting with South Korea
those latest drills known as machs
Thunder who's also character from Mad
Max involves some 100 warplanes
including an unspecified number of b-52
bombers and f-15k jets north korea has
described them as a provocation and
preparation for an invasion of the north
but the u.s. and South Korea have always
insisted the drills are purely for
defense purposes and they've been doing
them for decades at this point still
provocative so here's my analysis of it
first of all max Thunder is an awesome
name and if you're lucky John that might
become your 29th nickname fan art from a
max Thunder yeah Thunder you know I
should probably should have changed my
name a long time ago it's it's janky
ogre but it looks like cenk Uygur I
should've just gone with laxed under for
defensive purposes okay yeah now what's
the reality offense or defense of course
both right so mainly for defense data if
the North attacks they need to be able
to
defend and the North has a ton of
conventional weapons and that defense
against the north is going to be
extraordinarily difficult their weapons
are buried into the mountains and it's
gonna be hard to route out that's the
primary purpose will they then go on the
offense if there's a war of course of
course they will so it's partly
defensive partly offensive training and
so I think this is mainly North Korea
going hey you're not the only one who's
volatile and can you know go in and out
of these things
willy-nilly so you better watch yourself
okay cuz Trump so you never know man up
crazy my buttons bigger than you so you
better come to the table and this is Kim
jong-un going cool yeah I'm crazy too
dog but I don't understand because just
a week ago Kim jong-un was was getting
along he was visiting the South Korean
new president and I was told by all
these people in the media look it took a
strong person to do what George w and
Barack Obama wouldn't do you guys love
to make fun of the fact that he's a
child dictator Donald Trump I mean not
Kim jong-un
but his tweets apparently have worked
and this thing is done the nukes are
gone man why doesn't he have the Nobel
Peace Prize already that is what we were
hearing on a daily basis and it might
well turn out to be true but we are far
away from there
they've already had this celebratory
party they've eaten all the food and
it's it you know that we have to clean
up the mess we're not there yet but
people were so desperate to give Donald
Trump credit that they started to
pretend that Kim jong-un and the North
Korean leadership are not humans or a
government or a dictatorship and for all
three of those reasons aren't
necessarily gonna go along in the way
that we want them to yeah look to be
fair the media I think they were split
on it I think that they were generally
congruent and congratulatory and I get
why I mean that some of the detainees
were released and we were making
progress in what I knew to be the right
direction but the Republicans yes 18
House members submitted a trump for a
Nobel Peace Prize it's just hilarious
right to be fair Obama got a Nobel Peace
Prize when he hadn't done anything I
didn't make
so that he actually got that Peace Prize
it wasn't just a submission so look
these are both volatile characters
they're both in a sense if you will
centrifuges that might spin out of
control so you might get to a very good
conclusion because both sides think that
other dudes crazy enough to to do
something so maybe let's hurry up and
get a deal right on the other hand they
are both actually crazy enough to do
something so it could spin out of
control
totally agree with John of course let's
see what happens at the end no one knows
how this movie's gonna end and god help
us if kim jeong-hoon or donald trump
says something at the meeting that
slightly offends the other they both
have incredibly thin skin as you can
hear 1953 and kim jong was like how dare
they I mean they are so so similar in
their personalities and in their you
know reactions etc Trump is not it does
you know North Korea is way worse and
they've got concentration camps etc but
their their sensibilities unfortunately
seem to be a little bit similar finally
my favorite and and there's gotta be
some creative person in North Korea in
the government slash media because they
refer to this exercise as a quote
provocative military ruckus somebody up
there is having fun in North Korea and
they're the only one writing things like
dotard as a reference to Donald Trump we
all had to look up dotard and that turns
out to be a really fun word like you and
this guy right thing it is a military
ruckus that the South Koreans that the
Americans are doing I think provocative
ruckus would be a good indie band Oh
led by max thunder or yes or pornstar
but but not also led by max thunder two
easy ways to follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
