now if there's one thing that Donald
Trump is against it is China taking our
jobs I know that and I'm gonna share a
video with you guys where he's clear on
the record and he loves to keep his
campaign promises right so this shum
wonder should be a lamp it's really
really easy and and in the case of the
company called ZTE which is a mobile
phone company in China's largest fourth
largest one in the world actually well
they did something that was against
almost all Donald Trump's stated
principles so and I do have to give him
credit they did strike down what ZTE did
so let me explain that to you first
ZTE one of the world's largest telecom
equipment makers suspended its main
operations after the US Commerce
Department banned American supplies to
its business for seven years now that's
Trump's Commerce Department so what does
ZTE do okay let's find out the US
government launched an investigation
into ZTE after orders reported in 2012
the company had signed contracts to ship
millions of dollars of worth of hardware
and software from so the best-known US
technology companies to Iran now that
was a time when we had sanctions on Iran
and obviously Donald Trump is definitely
in favor of sanctions against Iran is a
company that is taking our jobs to bring
him to China they've got they're doing
business with Iran and again that was
reported in 2012 but to be fair to the
Trump administration they crackdown
themselves on this his Commerce
Department did and they find ZTE 1.2
billion dollars and then they had a list
of things that they had to do in order
to comply so let's find out what
happened there ZTE pled guilty last year
to conspiring to violate US sanctions by
illegally shipping us goods and
technology to Iran and entered into an
agreement with the US government the ban
is the result of ZTE sale EUR to comply
with that agreement the Commerce
Department said okay well okay credit
where credit is due
story's over right not exactly and then
this very curious tweet from Donald
Trump just a couple of days ago he said
President Xi of China and I are working
together to
massive Chinese phone companies ZTE a
way to get back into business fast to
many jobs in China lost Commerce
Department has been instructed to get it
done what wait a minute first of all
that was a law enforcement matter
you're now reversing your own Commerce
Department and the law enforcement that
they were doing to protect us from what
was happening there and I've got more
details about what ZTV was up to and how
bad it was
secondly you're worried about too many
jobs lost in China you think this guy
keeps campaign promises are you kidding
me
look at what Donald Trump was saying
during the campaign we are living
through the greatest jobs theft in the
history of the world nobody has ever
stolen jobs like other countries have
taken them from us a trump
administration will stop the jobs from
leaving America so easily the theft of
American prosperity will end and it will
end immediately they are stealing our
jobs of theft of church in√©s steal
American jobs of America first let me
see that tweet Ian too many jobs in
China lost what we asked Don Blankenship
what he thought about this and he said
has created millions of jobs for China
people okay that might not have been
directed to trouble all right so now
let's tell you why ziti was in so much
trouble I mean already you got the
violations you have the fines and you
got that they were selling technology to
Iran but there's more the ban came two
months after two Republican senators
introduced legislation to block the US
government from buying or leasing
telecommunication equipment from ZTE
citing concern that the companies would
use her access to spy on US officials I
just saw to Iran and to North Korea by
the way but the spying on us but there's
more that's Reuters now we'll go to
HuffPost ZTE phones have already been
described as
your risk by the US military and
intelligence community two weeks ago the
military banned their use on basis for
fear they could be used to track the
locations of servicemembers so he's
putting our troops in danger by reviving
ZTE now let's go to the Commerce
Secretary who put this the sanctions and
and the and the fines in place in the
first place
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross who was
one of trumps top allies and still is
last month called ZTE s behavior
egregious and said it cannot be ignored
so after Trump's tweet we go back to
Wilbur Ross at a National Press Club
speech on Monday Wilbur Ross said that
ZTE sanctions were an enforcement action
unrelated to trade negotiations but that
he would be reviewing the situation
quote very very promptly as a result of
trumps request so perhaps their
violations can be ignored if Donald
Trump tweets about it fascinating so now
you might be thinking why did Donald
Trump do that you see just do
negotiations on trade well his own
comments are there you just told you
know it has nothing to do with the trade
negotiations even more curious are one
more tweet from Donald Trump
he said China and the United States are
working well together on trade but
passed ago she had been so one-sided in
favor of China for so many years that is
that it is hard for them to make a deal
that benefits both countries but be cool
it will all work out now wait a minute
if China has been getting the benefit of
those trade deals as you've been telling
us all over and over and over again and
you said it during the campaign they're
stealing jobs from us they're ripping us
off why did you send a tweet saying how
we should get them jobs and even though
they violated our laws and they did not
even comply with the agreement that they
said they would comply with theirs
somehow and they gave technology to Iran
in North Korea that somehow we should
help that Chinese company why on God's
green earth would you do that well let's
find out why Donald Trump wants us to be
cool so story out today in HuffPost
Trump
did not mention in that tweet or its
follow-ups that on Thursday the
developer of a theme park resort outside
of Jakarta had signed a deal to receive
as much as five hundred million dollars
in Chinese government loans as well as
another five hundred million dollars
from the Chinese banks according to AFP
that is a French media organization
Trump's family businesses the Trump
Organization has a deal to license the
Trump name to that resort which includes
a golf course and hotels oh this guy's
corruption knows no bounds so China you
want ZTE to be back in business
they got 70,000 jobs in China they want
to bring back a lot of Chinese
government officials probably connected
to that company a lot of rich people in
China connect to that company and all of
a sudden China gives a loan to a theme
park in Indonesia a massive one combined
billion dollars they then give money to
Donald Trump saying Oh mr. Trump we
would like to put your name on this
resort and we'll pay you a lot of money
to do that and lo and behold all of a
sudden Donald Trump cares about jobs in
China and he cares about Chinese
companies and he doesn't care about
giving technology to Iran and North
Korea doesn't care about violating
sanctions doesn't care about the rule of
law doesn't care about his own Commerce
Department ruling against this company
and all of a sudden he says we've got to
get jobs back in China Don Blankenship
also had something to say about this
just China family has given him tens of
millions of dollars all right one more
quote here Trump despite his campaign
promises to turn over his businesses and
have no involvement with them has still
not fully divested himself of his
businesses and continues to profit from
them if you're wondering article 1
section 9 Clause 8 of the United States
Constitution makes it very clear you are
not allowed to take money from a foreign
power
under no circumstances clearly
unconstitutional for and there it is no
title of nobility she'll be granted by
the United States no person holding any
office of profit or trust under them
shall without the consent of the
Congress except of any present emolument
officer title of any kind whatever from
any King prince or foreign state and
Indonesia funneling money to Donald
Trump and then getting a billion dollars
from China and then China then getting a
favor from Donald Trump is the
definition of what is prohibited under
the United States Constitution on this
alone he should be immediately impeached
two easy ways folly Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
