in the midst of what's happening in
Israel us moving our embassy to
Jerusalem and the violence in at the
border there are some voices that are
saying well I mean nothing you could do
about it God is what wants us of course
some of them are on Fox News so let's go
to so-called judge Jeanine Pirro Donald
Trump recognized history he like King
Cyrus before him fulfilled the biblical
prophecy of the gods worshipped by Jews
Christians and yes Muslims that
Jerusalem is the eternal capital of the
Jewish state and that the Jewish people
finally deserved a righteous free and
sovereign Israel mmm biblical prophecy
why bring that in people are making fun
of her saying I can't believe she
believes that nonsense I Got News for
you 25 percent of this country believes
that absolute nonsense
and I'm going to outline what that
nonsense is for you in a second and they
vote and they voted for Donald Trump and
overwhelming numbers and now he controls
the greatest military ever built so but
first Senator Lindsey Graham gets it on
the god fun the least we can do is
recognize their capital if you got a
problem with Jerusalem being the capital
of Israel take it up with God Wow okay
I'm gonna turn around to senator Heller
okay so what is this theory that about
the end times that these evangelical
Christians and and other supporters
believe so nobody ever talks about it in
the media because it's uncomfortable
they never get to the end of the movie
that's what we're gonna do here so
there's 11 steps so let me show them to
you of course I don't believe this is
what they believe and you'll get to see
why they are so excited so number one
the final seven years this is at the end
times and we're gonna get the army and
Jesus gonna return number one the final
seven years will begin when the
Antichrist and the international
community give their support to Israel's
right to exist and the land promised to
Abraham by God well that's already kind
of happened so I guess check but
remember the people who recognize Israel
are the Antichrist that's also very
uncomfortable no one ever talks about
that part number two a war will begin
from the vicinity of the Euphrates River
where's your Frida's River right by Iraq
and Syria Oh
so excited they're so close Armageddon
number three the West Bank just Judea in
Israel will become a place of great
tribulation check number four the Temple
Mount in Jerusalem will be placed under
a sharing arrangement between Jew and
Gentile well we're pretty close to that
and I look forward to some sort of peace
deal maybe that could happen so hey
evangelical Christians looking forward
to all everybody dying let's get a peace
deal done Jesus will come back alright
anyway number five the Jewish temple
will be built on the Temple Mount
now that was particularly problem
problematic because if you're gonna do
that you're gonna have to take down the
biggest mosque that is one of the most
holy sites for Islam that now stands on
the Temple Mount and what is that gonna
lead to a war well they think great
that's what we wanted anyway that was
part of number two and we want the end
times we want Armageddon so to them the
war is not the bug it's the feature we
have a huge percentage of this country
driving towards their desired goal of a
war that kills almost everyone on the
planet okay so that's why they're like
yes antagonize the Muslims more and give
the West Bank the Jews give everything
that they want in their mind to the Jews
as they perceive them through the Bible
and so that when we rebuild a Temple
Mount
that'll be number five and we're so
close to Jesus coming back okay number
six the Temple Mount will be placed
under the supervision of the world
community and later of the world
community which will at that time be the
Antichrist will stand on the Temple
Mount claiming to be God well that seems
fairly unlikely they'll be claiming to
be God but that's their interpretation
of it so that apparently is gonna happen
a little bit later in this movie number
seven a world government you know will
dominate the world for three and
one-half years prior to Armageddon okay
that's part it you see now nobody again
nobody in the media tells you this you
look at that and you go oh that's why
hey they hate the UN why would it be a
bad thing for the whole world to get
together at least give it a shot to work
together and to fight for peace and
eradicate disease and
poverty etc because a bunch of lunatic
pastors in America convinced them that
the world working together is a terrible
thing and maybe they got it from the
Bible the Tower of Babel
they work together build a nice Tower
and and everybody's happy and God comes
by and gets jealous it goes how dare you
destroys their tower sets them all
across the world in languages they can't
speak to one another and communicate
because apparently God hates humanity
this is the God they worship this is the
guy they look forward to the one that's
gonna kill us almost all of us number
eight each person on earth will be
required to have a mark or a number in
order to buy or sell not quite sure what
that means but hey with the decodes
around these days that could happen I
suppose the number nine the world
community led by Russia and Iran will
invade the nation of Israel again for
them that's not a bad scenario that's a
great scenario where Russia and Iran try
to destroy Israel now Israel doesn't
want that to happen no sane person was
that to happen but for Imagi local
Christians in America no like oh if
Israel could be just set up empowered
they fight against the Muslims they
crush the Muslims but they themselves
are by Russia
God willing finish the rest of the
prophecy Jeanine Pirro doesn't tell you
that those US senators Oh tell you that
because the rest of the prophecy is
monstrous number 10 the return of the
Christ finally this is the part of the
trilogy and I've been looking forward to
after the Battle of Armageddon where
again almost everyone on the planet dies
Christ will set his feet on the Mount of
Olives well isn't that great the only
problem is none of us will see it
because we'll all be dead except for the
guys who got vacuumed up into the sky
because they really believed number 11
finally Christ will defeat all of his
enemies capture alive the Antichrist and
the false prophet and cast them into the
lake of fire where they will be
tormented I thought Jesus was supposed
to be the Prince of Peace understand
that in their sick
sic scenarios almost everyone on the
planet dies they look forward to
Armageddon and Jesus kills almost
everybody except of course evangelical
Christians because Jesus can't get
enough of Missouri this is the madness
that elected officials believe a lot of
people in our media believe and drive
the United States government these are
the most dangerous people on earth two
easy ways for young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
