a black man was babysitting a group of
children our two children in Marietta
Georgia and he took them to a Walmart in
a subway and there was a white woman who
saw him and thought to her no that
doesn't compute there's no way a black
man can be babysitting white children
she approached him and had a
conversation with him and the children
here is his facebook video
his name's Corey Lewis this is he posted
on Facebook yo I'm babysitting right now
see look I got it I got two kids in the
back seat with me I'm babysitting
there's this lady across the street we
just came from subway at Walmart this
lady over here she's following me this
lady is following me because I got two
kids in the back seat that does not look
like me
this lady across the street she asked to
feed a little girl they don't wait so
she could ask her if she knows who I am
yeah I see this lady's not moving so she
apparently said that she was gonna call
the police
and you know what she did because later
on he drove away and the police showed
up he also posted a video of that take a
look at that that's crazy
I mean why this was to fulfill her okay
check just to make sure things are
hey can y'all step out oh and I gotta
step out please explain to the officer
who mr. Lewis is please
okay
so multiple times he had the the police
officer kept asking are you okay are you
okay it seemed to me like the police
officer thought this was equally as
ridiculous as Cory himself did by the
way Cory runs not just he's not just a
babysitter he has a after-school
mentorship program for kids we called
sponsored by Luis and it seems like
everybody's like literally the best time
of their lives
yeah but you know what that looks
dangerous so we got to track him so
let's break this down a little bit more
so the lady followed him for nearly an
hour and all the way to his house at now
let's reverse the rules for a second a
young african-american male starts
stalking a what a white woman around for
an hour how do you think that one ends
okay so but okay so there are different
rates so she's gonna follow them and
call the cops now fair is fair and most
important thing is how does how do the
people in power handle it right and the
cops were great here no problem all
right look when you get a call you got
to go investigate it even if you think
it's look there's a certain threshold I
guess if it's totaled on says hey an
alien attack B you probably don't have
to go see Alex Jones on up about that
one okay but but for most people that
you never really goes the Alex Jones you
don't really need to ever yeah and so
and the cops very you know respectful
and almost apologetic to Cory in this
case yeah and then actually the mom or
the kids calls back later to the police
department and is really angry right
rightfully so look what why like give me
a reason and then she says are you
saying that because there's an
african-american male driving my two
white kids that he was stopped and
pulled over in question and the cop says
I'm sorry ma'am that's exactly what I'm
saying okay so he's not hiding it and
he's not excusing it he's just saying I
got a call we got to look into it so
that they didn't do anything wrong it
was the person who called it it that was
issued and the
as Cory himself points out like the
children's mother is a lawyer so it's
rough I just I there's a lot of white
people out there and those only ones I
can really like so there's multiple
white people and and there's different
ways to reach out to white people so I
have to do it those different kinds of
white people I'll put on my banana
republic for the banana republic white
people and just give you a little
message guys black people can be in your
neighborhood it doesn't mean they're
robbing you okay you get a banana pot
and then you know they can sell like
kids brown kids can sell water outside
your office and it's okay okay so that's
for those people and then also for the
other white people I have my camouflage
on guys black people can have barbecues
in the park you know I have a barracuda
also it's like a thing it's it's a
barracuda guys this has six I can put
six beers in this camouflage sleeve let
black people have barbecues and babysit
children outside of Walmart it's gonna
be fine
from one white to another so that's that
like what you see click this subscribe
button below and don't forget to ring
the bell to never miss another video
from the Young Turks
