the Trump tariffs seem to have cost Ford
a billion dollars that is according to
new reports and they will undergo
normally when you hear for it is doing a
redesign it's about one of their cars
but in this case it's about their entire
workforce Ford will be making cuts to
its 70,000 strong white collar workforce
and a move it calls a redesign of its
staff to be leaner have fewer layers and
offer more decision-making power to
employees the company announced they say
they had they haven't already warned
that President Donald Trump's Auto
tariffs have impacted the company to the
tune as I said of 1 billion dollars and
the president's trade policies
threatened to play havoc with Ford's
ongoing reorganizations that's one part
of it also there have been announcements
they're already making huge cuts to
their production models they are no
longer making sedans except for the
Mustangs
but according to new reports ironically
Ford may also have to cut production of
the Mustang and some other models in the
process potentially reducing US jobs as
a result of the tariffs China has
enacted retaliatory ly on american-made
vehicles in a tit-for-tat trade war the
Mustang had been one of those popular
u.s. vehicles sold in that country so
understand that Ford's gotten hurt in
two different ways so tariffs that are
here and and tariffs that that that the
US has imposed making it harder to
produce cars and then bring them in here
ok abroad and then the tariffs that
China has imposed in selling the cars
made here to China so they got hit on
both sides and and that's why trade wars
are not a great idea
now look they've had got other issues
too and from time to time there needs to
be a restructuring but the thing and and
it looks like they're gonna lose about
24,000 jobs overall across the planet
because they're a global company but
significant cuts here in the US
thousands of jobs being cut as well so
look you're having troubles that's one
thing that happens to plenty of
companies okay and you gotta catch ups
but it's it's another thing when Donald
Trump and the Republicans said no no if
we give those corporations a giant tax
cut which they got they'll create more
jobs
and then you don't create more jobs you
just cut more jobs and then the third
thing is when you say Oh tariffs are
gonna make have them create more jobs
here in America so that they can avoid
the tariffs except they don't instead
they have to cut more jobs
well now you're none of the things you
said are true and all it's done is cost
the American economy more jobs and so
where's the good news when do we get the
good stuff so I know that a lot of these
companies made huge money for their
executives with the stock buyback
programs but when it comes to that jobs
for you and me nope God do you think
that resonates with the rest of the
economy the rest of the voters
essentially it feels like it's more of a
regional effect for places that had four
jobs and disappear well so here's the
thing when they when they did the tax
cuts a couple of companies come out came
out and did marketing gimmicks and so
they said oh we're giving thousands and
they're like a month later sometimes
just a week later they're like oh by the
way we're firing thousands of people
right but so did it work or not work
well Trump when they announced the
bonuses was like and he says it over and
over and over again but this is why the
Democrats suck so but when Ford cuts
thousands of jobs in America the
Democrats don't come out and go
they cut jobs they cost you jobs they
cost you jobs they cost you jobs so the
only people who lost their jobs feel the
pain right but other people don't get
the memo the only member they got was oh
I don't know I just kept hearing over
and over again the taxes and the tariffs
worked when in reality no it's not
working at all the Democrats have to go
and make their case but now today I
don't know if it'll continue into the
election but the Dow Jones crashed and
lost 800 points in one day so that was
his one last stand like oh yeah but the
stock market that's helping my rich
friend that's a great shape oops now you
lost your job and the market crashed
that time might be up for Trump and the
Republicans in this 2018 elections so
don't forget on November 6 the TYT Plus
app is now available on iOS and Android
download to get more TYT content at TYT
com
slash app
