White House chief of staff John Kelly is
currently coming under fire for some
questionable comments he recently made
about undocumented immigrants we have
some video of what he said let me just
step back and tell you that the vast
majority of the people that move
illegally in the United States are not
bad people they're not criminals on
Emmas 13 but they're also not people
that would easily assimilate into the
United States they're overwhelmingly
rural people in the countries they come
from fourth fifth sixth grade education
czar kind of the norm they're coming
here for a reason and I sympathize with
the reason but the laws of the laws so
he said that now there was an immediate
reaction online Chris Lou's related to
one of the the former assistants to
Barack Obama said White House chief of
staff John Kelly says that immigrants
from rural areas without English skills
don't integrate into the US my dad came
from rural China and spoke little
English he raised a so he was actually
this isn't he raised a son who held the
same rank in the Obama White House
assistant to the president that Kelly
holds I'd say we did okay and we could
all provide how many examples of people
who come who thankfully are not stopped
and separate from their families and
then integrate quite well and in some
cases create some of the largest
industries in our country by the way
there's part of a pattern during a
meeting with lawmakers on Capitol Hill
Kelley reportedly said that some young
undocumented immigrants who are eligible
to sign up for daca benefits are quote
too lazy to get off their asses and
enroll I don't know I feel like if I
were a potential daca recipient I would
be a little hesitant about applying for
any protection in in the u.s. simply
because you don't know who the next
president's gonna be and what kind of
crazy you know behavior you're gonna
have to deal with yeah Trump's next
reelection campaign is based on the
purge yep can I make a quick comment on
so Kelly said they're overwhelmingly
rural people as an Internet negative
thing about people coming to this
country the United States is made up of
overwhelmingly rural people it's
Republican yeah exactly it's the
weirdest kind of commentary to have on
people trying to come join other
overwhelmingly rural
by the way another point I hadn't
thought of it that way is Trump voters
were generally less educated you know
the non Trump voters so they're spitting
the I of the same demographic but from a
different country now of course Trump
voters don't see it that way they're
like what do you mean we're superior
those are those rural people are from a
bad rural country etc fire doesn't have
an opiate epidemic like we do but I'm
gonna shock the world a little bit here
and defend them partly okay so I of
course I agree with the core what you
guys are saying that it's not true that
they don't integrate well they has no
data for that and in fact the whole
history of this country is very poor
immigrants coming in and integrating
well but the rest of it is not I don't
know that's what people are mad about
but I don't find his offensive first of
all we all agree that at least he says
the vast majority are not criminals and
bad people in there on ms-13 that's
actually almost a shot at Donald Trump
that's okay not a great job that's our
bar I know I doesn't think they're all
rapists but you think Trump's not gonna
get mad at that yes is the vast majority
are not ms-13 oh I think this is Kelly
trying to get booted out of the White
House yeah this is I mean no I'm serious
though Donald Trump was truck demagogued
over and over during the State of the
Union and made it seem like almost all
day for ms-13 so when Kelly says that
that will probably make Trump angry
he'll look at this and say not nearly
harsh enough but the middle there is
yeah a lot of folks coming through the
country most overwhelmingly sure the
folks coming into country crossing the
border illegally are poor I'm sure a lot
of them do come from rural areas a lot
of them don't have great education now
that doesn't make me think that they
can't integrate and that there wouldn't
be great Americans but that part is true
and there is a right way to say that in
a wrong way to say that so pointing out
those facts for example a lot of the
Turks and again just so that it's about
me and you see I'm trying not to be
biased here a lot of Turks that
immigrated into Germany are more rural
right Turks that immigrated to the u.s.
are not but so those it just happens to
be that that's the demographic that
could reach Germany and so and they do
have a little bit more trouble
integrating because they so if you in
order to be
able to come to us you usually have to
have an education not always but usually
if you're coming from Turkey and so they
we speak English better I have an
education it makes it a little easier to
integrate when they when Turks go to
Germany
it does take longer for them to learn
the language and and they're a little
bit more set in their ways because of
the rural way they grew up it's true in
a rural areas in the u.s. as you point
out Jules and in Turkey in Mexico
actually ironically tend to be more
conservative more fundamentalist right
and so when you are conservative in that
sense it's harder for you to change your
ways so pointing those things out to me
is not overly offensive if he had done
it in the way that Ann Coulter did where
she's like oh they're a bunch of
peasants okay no wait she does that to
purposely mock them and to ride them etc
I didn't get that sense from John Kelly
but at the end of the day the most
important thing he says is and hence we
you know we should be against them
because they can't integrate and that's
just not true so I want to talk a little
bit about integration and assimilation
and what's meant by those words because
aside from you know what I think is
obvious and should be done which is you
know learning English and following our
laws what does integration and
assimilation mean right because the
sense that I get from the Trump
administration and other right-wingers
is you need to reject your culture here
to come to America you need to embrace
American culture but what is American
culture American culture consists of
people from all over the world coming in
and enriching our country with their
culture so like the word integration and
assimilation you know with the exception
of the language and making sure that
people follow our laws it really turns
me off because it's not what you would
think it means it's not you know the
simple things of hey you got to follow
our laws and learn our language it's we
don't like your culture it makes us
uneasy you need to be American yeah I
just the language meant to make you
start to think automatically in terms of
hierarchy that's exactly right and race
yes
and certainly race yeah and one other
thing I want to add I I find it rich
that the Trump administration and people
who support Trump keep talking about
immigrants learning the language when
Trump himself doesn't have a firm grasp
of English so I would like to test ten
random immigrants coming across the
border I bet they have a better idea of
when to capitalize words what putting
quotation marks around a word means and
why when you type something and then you
realize you didn't really mean it you
can delete it rather than putting the
opposite in parentheses well look my dad
grew up in a rural area of Turkey and of
course didn't speak English when he was
growing up and when he in fact when he
first came to to America he had an a
note that he would show people like I
don't know how to speak English this is
the address I'm trying to get to and
back then in the 1960s America actually
was a much more welcoming country and
people helped them and they were
incredibly generous and they got him to
where they he needed to be and and the
stories of the generosity of Americans
to my dad is unbelievable it's wonderful
and we've gotten so backwards when I
came to the contrary to speak a word of
English my dad taught me the sentence I
do not know how to speak English and I
wouldn't beat that over and over again
in school but to John's point I would
argue that my English is slightly better
than Donald Trump Stan yeah worry is
that if you don't know the language
coming in I mean come on are you really
gonna learn it and admittedly English is
one of the hardest languages to learn
but look at Jake he was taught it and
now we can't shut him up two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
