we all know Donald Trump doesn't like
the media when it criticizes him and
recently he railed against the media in
a tweet where he said fake news is
working overtime just reported that
despite the tremendous success we are
having with the economy and all things
else 91% of network news about me is
negative and then in quotations I'm
sorry in parentheses fake why do we work
so hard in working with the media when
it is corrupt take away credentials so
there he's threatening to take away
credentials from any news organization
that criticizes him and by the way of
course any organization that criticizes
him is fake news in his eyes now the
unfortunate thing is his messaging is
working and it's not just working with
the supporters it's working with
Americans in general a recent poll
indicates that more than three and four
American respondents or 77 percent said
they believed that major traditional
television and newspaper media outlets
report fake news and that's actually a
sharp increase from a year ago when only
63 percent registered concerns about the
spread of misinformation now 31 percent
of those who believe that fake news is
taking place said that they believe
those media outlets spread fake news
regularly and 46 percent said it happens
occasionally but there's a disagreement
about what fake news even means which is
something that I'm incredibly frustrated
about because people just you know
assign whatever definition that they
like to the phrase fake news finding
shows Americans diverging on what
constitutes as fake news with 65% saying
it applies to editorial decisions
outlets make over what topics to cover
and 25% more narrowly defining it to
apply only to the spread of factually
incorrect information so first of all
I'm amused by Donald Trump's tweet of
course 91% are critical of me fake
that's not that's not the definition of
fake that's criticism that doesn't mean
it's false and he once bragged that he
invented the word fake okay but
apparently doesn't even know what it
means now guys I remember doing a story
about The Associated Press and they had
done a very slanted story about Bernice
and
in 2016 election and I pointed out why
it was slanted and what I thought the
bias there was that doesn't mean that
they are fake it doesn't mean the
Associated Press gets together and
decides what fake story shall we invent
today yeah
fake fake means that it's fabricated it
intentionally fabricated that's what
fake news is there's bias news which you
know I think is the case with The
Associated Press article that you're
talking about in that case and they do a
thousand other articles that are
perfectly fair right and some and some
are not a thousand to one ratio some are
50/50 some are 75 25 but we have to make
judgment calls based on the reality and
not based on propaganda and
unfortunately Trump's propaganda is
working with a huge percentage of the
population and it is disheartening
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
