a 25 year old South Carolina man is
facing criminal charges following his
attempt to hire a hitman to kill his
black neighbor his name is Brandon
Lacroix and I would like to share his
lovely mug shot with you and it is
definitely shocking that this man is
only 25 years old but nonetheless he was
offering $500 to a hitman what is going
on with his neck I don't he might have
gotten into some sore eyes anyway okay
that I have no problem with but although
it's just everything about this guy's
rate I want to point out this is the guy
who thinks he's from the superior race
yes that's exactly right okay all right
so I move forward
he offered 500 thousand dollars to a
hitman to kill his black neighbor hang
his body from a tree and burn a cross on
his lawn now the story unfolded after
Lacroix reached out which by the way
Lacroix sounds like my favorite soft
drink which sucks every time I say his
name of like ah but it all unfolded
after you think that's bad my favorite
soft drinks coke we got the brothers he
reached out to a white supremacist group
thinking that one of them would take the
$500 offer to murder his neighbor and
after that happened someone informed
authorities about what was going on we
don't know who it is it was an anonymous
tip at that point the FBI gets involved
and they start communicating with
Lacroix Lacroix thought that the FBI
agent was was a white supremacist who
would carry out the hit but in fact it
was an undercover agent and after giving
that agent a hundred dollar deposit he
was arrested luckily he was arrested now
apparently he also had planned on using
this hitman for other people and he
talked about plans to take over his
neighbor's property that might be the
reason for this conflict I don't know
the authorities haven't really disclosed
the details for his motive but we do
know that he is caught and luckily he
will not carry out any type of violence
well I mean the headline in the New York
Post says white man wanted a
hitman to kill black neighbor and I read
that and I thought okay I mean but it
could be a random white dude and a
random black dude
but then the cross on the lawn and the
hanging kind of gave it away
and reaching out to a white supremacist
group to do it right and so now you
might think well maybe you just want to
steal the guy's property in the cross on
the lawn was a head-fake
but then he didn't think he was gonna
get caught why do you reach out to a
white supremacist so anyway remember
that and by the way he's so secure he
thought five hundred bucks would get the
job done and that any somehow it would
this superior Jesus he couldn't figure
out that he was talking to an FBI agent
also I didn't know that that's the way
you get property in the country that you
you know just take someone out and then
you just take over their home yeah how
do you take though you don't the deep
you can't say I says even if you're
murder of them what kind of logic is
that and it's so weird given how
superior he is
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
