secure internet connection today go to
Nord VPN dot-com slash tyt you're gonna
get 77 percent off of three years the
link is in the description box below all
you got to do is click it Nord VPN comm
slash tyt the Boy Scouts can't catch a
break
there's been a new announcement about a
major organization that is cutting ties
with the Boy Scouts and it is the church
of jesus christ and latter-day saints
that's right the Mormon Church will no
longer be tied with the Boy Scouts at
least according to a statement that
officially announces when they will cut
ties they've been together for a hundred
and five years and for a long time if
you were a Mormon boy you were
automatically enlisted in the Boy Scouts
but according to a statement from the
Church of Jesus Christ Latter day Saints
the Mormon Church has been the largest
participant of the Boy Scouts in the
United States making up nearly 20% of
all the Boy Scouts two point three
million youth members but they say that
the church has increasingly felt the
need to create and implement a uniform
youth leadership and development program
that serves its members globally in so
doing it will be necessary for the
church to discontinue its role as a
chartered partner with the BSA so here
is the situation
yes they say that the Mormon Church is
saying listen we started as a United
States you know we're from Utah and we
have grown but we've grown
internationally and we liked the Boy
Scouts because it provided like a
domestic infrastructure for a youth
group but now we're International and
it's not gonna work because it's not you
it's it's yeah that sounds logical do
you buy it no why not well we've talked
before about the problems the Mormon
Church has had with gay Scout leaders
and then it's hard for me to ignore that
somewhat recently the Boy Scouts of
America changed their name to Scouts BSA
and started admitting girls I think it's
a little overly coincidental Nathan yeah
I think yes I completely concur so a
couple years ago the Boy Scouts before
they were the Scouts of America started
to admit
or allow trip leaders who were queer and
prior to that if you were queer you
could join the troop so there was a wave
and a sea change within the organization
and I think they just hadn't saw an
opportunity to get out in some sort of
PR move and they did it what I do find
fascinating I'm gonna do a little bit of
a of a tangent around this because I did
get attacked for saying that people in
the West have actually imported a over
centuries have imported and a homophobic
agenda to people of color around the
world and it's interesting because
Mormon folks do oppose same-sex marriage
people who are queer can't hold
leadership positions and there are 16
million Mormons they said half the
amount of Mormons are outside of the US
and Canada they're very much known for
doing missionary work across the entire
you have to you got to take a year off
and go duration right but you know I
think that we should also think about
and talk about the fact that they're you
know maybe these issues of homophobia in
other countries that are aligned with
some of this missionary work too and so
I don't want to we're clearly not
letting them off the hook but also look
at the international ramifications of
the fact that they're pulling out and
then globalizing their agenda even more
right I see both of these are
organizations that want to increase
membership and for a while it made sense
from a business standpoint for the Boy
Scouts to say all right here's our
agenda
Mormons what's your agenda oh you need a
youth group we're a youth group let's
plug and chug here let's just keep going
it's kind of what it is it's like hey we
are we are your youth group so you take
all the boys you put them in Boy Scouts
we teach them stuff we have local
chapters we let the local chapters do
whatever the local chapters want it's
fine
you have your autonomy you can have your
like Mormon centered Boy Scouts the
Mormon Church has essentially said like
we still moving on agree with the
central tenets of the Boy Scouts credo
things have happened with the Boy Scout
when people just don't want to be Boy
Scouts anymore they have lost a large
amount of their membership
and they have to navigate these waters
of what does it mean to have like a male
group that is teaching boys how to be
and no girls allowed in the 21st century
and there's also PlayStation like why
would you want to go do Boy Scouts if
you have video games as a child did you
do girl scout I did I did I did too
we why did what did that give you didn't
why did it keep you from a Mormon I was
never more Minh so what what is what did
that afford you and why do you in your
opinion as my doubts kind of made me do
it okay and then when I switched from
private school to public school I was no
longer in it so I'm not sure why that
was I think my parents just wanted me to
do something after school that was
productive and like hang out with other
kids mm-hmm I think that was
accomplished they did not let me go
door-to-door and sell cookies I had to
like stay with the leader at the grocery
store Riley which is really the best
place to do it
he's everything I go the grocery store
you don't have to go to everybody's
house I saw one outside a dispensary
that's the best place yes absolutely yes
well for me I realized after the fact in
my parents efforts to get me
quote-unquote more assimilated into
American culture by putting me into
brownie and Girl Scouts that it was a
pretty capitalist and racist troop that
I was a part of really oh yeah so the
Brownie troop or what's the the Green is
just called Girl Scouts right for Daisy
then your brownie and I think you which
is itself terrible today you're a cadet
at some point I thought you were Terry
so whatever year whatever the year above
me was there was a child her mother was
latina and her father was a white Mormon
dude funny enough and they wouldn't let
her in because she was half latina wow
really yeah weird yes it was I don't
know why they let me in because I was a
strange I was read as a strange brown
girl but also I mean come on like
teaching kids how to sell like sugar
infested cookies
at the age of what like eight nine
there's nothing wrong with that if you
go after Girl Scout cookies I'm coming
after you cookies are great
I get like well you know we have child
labor laws in America but the fire
convinced it because teaching you like
the morals and ethics of being part of a
capitalist system and being like an
entrepreneur for a larger company yes no
they character-building aspect of having
to talk to people is good the idea that
really what you're doing is just raising
funds for the organization that's
super-creepy let's win the Jamboree yeah
exactly
you can get like troll doll okay wait
explain to me then how this is not a
pyramid scheme like Allah I reverse
funnel system how some wait two easy
ways fall Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
