Jamal Kogi obviously has been missing he
is presumed to have been killed that is
what the Turkish government is saying
the the evidence sub-points to and so
now let's talk about how various groups
have reacted to it so we've said that
the Saudi government obviously denies it
you you can believe that if you if you
wish
they're certainly allowed to say that I
would say that the statements they've
put out they seem similar to the
statements that the Russian government
put out after the the script ball
killings which turned out to be
ridiculous it turned out that in the end
they weren't tourists that did the
poisoning they were actually
intelligence officers I were supposed to
pretend that that's not the case so
they're saying that they didn't do it
and then you have other reactions so
inside of the US government Lindsey
Graham said Wednesday that quote there
would be hell to pay if he had been
killed by the Saudi government and
specifically said I've never been more
disturbed than I am right now even more
so than during the Cavanaugh hearings if
this man was murdered in the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul that would cross
every line of normality in the
international community and it is not
the role of the Saudi government to
cross lines of normality in the
international community it is Trump's
role he's supposed to be doing that
so look he is saying there will be hell
to pay of course he's not in charge
Donald Trump is in charge so how does
Donald Trump respond to this we've got a
couple of clips here is the first I am
concerned about it I don't like hearing
about it and hopefully that will sort
itself out right now nobody knows
anything about it but there's some
pretty bad stories going around I do not
like it so he says I hope it sorts
itself out and says nobody knows
anything about it we didn't have as many
details when he said that as we do now
but people knew some things about it at
that time so it seemed almost like a
trump trial balloon to see can I just
completely ignore this and will that be
acceptable now he was there's fall
questions later on as we get more
information and all that so here is
another reporter talking to him
well in Lindsey can speak for himself
but this is a bad situation we cannot
let this happen to reporters to anybody
we can't let this happen
and we're gonna get to the bottom of it
okay rather that's the highest level
let's say let me say this it's the
highest level I do anyway and I've
always found him to be a fine man we've
had a very good relationship I'm not
happy about this we have to see what
what happens we have to see what happens
nobody knows what happened yet they
don't know over there yeah the Saudis
just they don't know and you know he's
fine man so if they don't know I mean
how could we ever know there were a lot
of issues with what he said there first
of all Lindsey Graham says there will be
hell to pay
he says he can speak for himself so I
don't want to sign on to the idea that
there will be hell to pay or
consequences or anything like that this
shouldn't happen to reporters it
shouldn't happen to anyone you could
just say it shouldn't happen anyone you
know off to weirdly like put reporters
in a different category as if you're
even including reporters how merciful of
you to do that and he keeps saying we
have to find out we have to find out you
know whatever I've talked to him
he's a good man why are you stressing
that he's that he's a good man like he's
he's obviously the lead suspect in this
the Turkish government is saying that
they have evidence it was it was passed
down from the highest levels of the
Saudi government but we understand why
he doesn't want to do anything about it
he do you honestly believe that he cares
about the killing of any reporter let
alone this reporter in particular and
that he'd be willing to jeopardize his
relationship with the Saudi government
we're given we're selling them more than
100 billion dollars of weapons what are
we gonna cancel that because they start
murdering journalists around the world
that's not the case
yeah so a China I don't know why your
word because our Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo said that he has asked the Saudis
to look into this oh well okay then I
guess problem song yeah hey can you guys
look into whether you guys dismembered a
journalist who had spoken ill of your
leader and don't worry about your leader
and and the fact that he might dismember
people who are critical of him just
looking to it anyway
well it's less likely to be a very fair
investigation sort of related to that I
read that Mike Pence is saying that
they're open of the possibility of
sending the FBI to investigate although
to be fair the investigation is probably
going to be limited in scope and time
yeah and they're not gonna interview any
of the people involved yes
a lot of people have asked to be
interviewed but they just won't do it
yeah he pence went on to say in in
ulcerous is a direct quote we'll
continue to express the genuine concern
of the American people for this Saudi
Arabian journalist notice two important
political words in there like genuine
concern of the American people why would
it be anything other than genuine it's
like saying like that's the kind of
thing you say when you're not genuine
hey like we are genuinely concerned but
much more importantly for this Saudi
Arabian journalists yeah in other words
he's not really American I mean he lived
in America he wrote for the Washington
Post but he was just a resident of the
u.s. not a national of the US he's a
Saudi Arabian journalist you want us to
do so you want us to jeopardize defense
contracts that's real money that goes
into our pockets eventually through
campaign donations just because they
dismembered a guy who worked for the
Yser their bows technically he worked
with a failing Washington Post yeah to
be clear also by the way it is reporting
I think the New York Times it could be
the Guardian I apologize so feel free to
look that up but US officials are said
to have intercepted communications
between Saudi officials about kidnapping
Jamal kosaki now that's actually the
worst part of it because that means we
knew that it could happen and we didn't
warn him and that is disastrous
I mean it's one thing to do a cover-up
which is hideous after the fact and I
know moneyed interests are gonna want to
you know whether it's the contractors or
oil companies etc they're gonna want to
keep business flowing but to know ahead
of time that they might kill the guy and
not tell them Wow oh that's terrible
yeah so I I'd ask the FBI to investigate
that so and that is under our control
unfortunately of course they're in the
US government as well as the Saudi
government is not going to honestly
investigate itself look
you're wondering what why go to all
these lengths if you're the Saudi
government to kill this guy because it's
taking a risk I mean this gig Mohammed
bin Salman is a huge risk taker
kidnapping foreign leaders trying to
start Wars etc but and actually starting
a terrible one in Yemen but this seems
pretty extreme well I can show he was -
there's two huge strikes against them
one is he was an insider in the Saudi
royal court earlier and he turned on
them who they don't like that okay so
they don't like that for a couple
reasons one you betrayed us right and
number two he might have more
information about what they've done okay
so he's got to go and and and then
secondarily he was a particularly fierce
critic of Crown Prince Mohammed okay so
that's maybe a personal betrayal that
Mohammed bin Salman feels and so here's
a guy who does not have much boundaries
obviously trying to starve and kill a
lot of the citizens in Yemen as we speak
and by the way the US government is
helping him to do that we provide
refueling for their planes so they can
do more bombings we provide intelligence
such as it is they recently bombed a
school bus full of children and killed
all of them and and so we have a deal
here with these guys and we've had to
deal with the Saudis for a long time
even as they have done outrageous things
against us
over and over and over again so the one
that is the one that's talked about a
lot of course is 9/11 15 out of the 19
hijackers were Saudis obviously bin
Laden was a Saudi and he was a Saudi
royal financed by other Saudis as well
but the one that's not talked about
enough is and whatever it's inconvenient
for the establishment things get buried
is that the Saudis there was excellent
reporting showing that the Saudis mainly
funded the Sunni insurgency against us
in Iraq that killed hundreds maybe
thousands of our troops but hey they've
got cheap oil so and they buy
planes and weapons from us and they
provide us oil so they murder our
soldiers in Iraq and they pay for that
murder what's the big deal right
so now finally I theirs you've got a
look at what's happening in
geopolitically behind the scenes as well
because there's what you see on the
surface and there's what's underneath so
underneath the Saudis are allies with us
and in Israel okay
the Turks lately have been in a more of
an alliance with Qatar and Qatar has
been feuding with Saudi Arabia and Dubai
so if the Turks were not feuding with
the Saudis would we have such a big
trove of evidence from the Turkish
government about the video showing the
guy going in but not coming out would
they be making as big a deal about this
maybe not okay so that's on one side now
the other thing is I'm surprised here
that the Saudis are catching this much
flack especially here in America and by
Republicans Marco Rubio Lindsey Graham
etc with what appears to be real anger
in this case I've never seen them be
genuine in my life so I wonder if the
Saudi relationship with Israel has
soured in some way and so if if that
happens sometimes people are told yeah
it's green light you could now finally
call the Saudis anything you like okay
hmm or if the Saudi stopped paying their
bills to the lobbyists okay here in
America or none of those things happen
this was truly outrageous but a week
from now the lobbyists will call the
senators and then differently you know
Netanyahu and his right-wing government
will call the senators and go no no
we're done with this investigation let's
move on well Trump said Lindsey Graham
can speak for himself yeah he did want
to sign onto it so there's a number of
different factors there's no one simple
explanation but but there are the Saudis
have a lot of friends here in America
through questionable alliances and
questionable money spent here
yeah so will those guys rally to their
defense and kind of basically try to get
past this within a week or so if they
don't and the press keeps talking about
it I and the Republicans keep harping on
it then we might have a break in the
alliance yeah that would be really
interesting yeah but I wonder is will
this newfound concern amongst people
like Marco Rubio and Lindsey Graham be
echoed by look it's Fox News good a turn
on Saudi Arabia
I mean look yeah under if this happened
under Obama they'd be attack you Obama's
weakness why is it why isn't he checking
Saudi Arabia and all that but Trump like
Saudi Arabia and so they've they've
perfectly fallen in line there and one
other thing complicating at least a
little bit in terms of perhaps the FBI
getting involved or working with Turkey
is that look turkeys got its own
problems with increasing
authoritarianism their own crackdowns
and repression on a number of different
groups and that doesn't mean that what
they're saying isn't true here but it
does complicated at least to some extent
yeah and so that's why one of the things
we try to do for you guys here on the
program is to give you context and and
it's not a black-and-white world and you
have to not only look at what's having
in the news but what might be happening
behind the scenes what what's the
motivation of the Turkish government the
US government Saudi government etc and
so there's a complicated story in that
sense it's simple in that it seems that
there is overwhelming evidence that they
killed US journalists and and whether
that's ever proven goes to court or has
any consequences is what we don't know
yet like what you see click the
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from The Young Turks
