Illinois a police official has said that
they may need to put down canine drug
sniffing dogs if the state legalizes
marijuana so according to Chad larner
director of Marin County's canine
training academy retraining the dogs
would be extreme abuse and that many of
the dogs are not socialized to the
extent that they would make good pets
if retired on saying that it would be
too expensive to just retrain them to
become bomb-sniffing dogs so larner
explained that a retrain dog might still
alert their handler to drugs setting off
alarms about a bomb threat where none
exists and leading to false arrests now
a contrary opinion comes from Assistant
Police Chief Steve but truly who does
say that it is really difficult you
can't just deprogram a dog after having
been trained to recognize you know five
different scents
however differing on the fact that they
would need to be put down but truly
parted ways with larner's comments about
putting the dogs down saying many of
them would likely be adopted by their
handlers with whom they have bonded a
lot of legalizing marijuana advocates
are saying that this is just hyperbolic
this is fear-mongering the idea that
legalizing for adults to have an ounce
on them will equal all these dogs being
euthanized that seems kind of ridiculous
in hyperbolic accused dan lin executive
director of the marijuana advocacy group
illinois normal so with that said is is
this perhaps fear-mongering
first of all it must be noted for the
record that once our innocence okay all
right so this is a particularly low some
dirty trick the Illinois Association of
Chiefs of Police are opposed to
legalizing marijuana so basically this
is them saying we will murder our dogs
if you legalize marijuana but its
literal its literal now is it I do I
grant them that it might be expensive to
retrain them for bomb-sniffing yeah I
grant that does that mean we have to
snap all their necks immediately no it
doesn't mean that so their idea that
well it would be hard to make them pets
that's like your opinion man how do you
think people euthanize dogs they don't
it's they don't marijuana max okay
they're marijuana they give him a
it'll even just like the people that
kills it's very harmful ya know I say
that hyperbolically yes a great example
oh yeah story but they I bet if you gave
them room they might say it I get
paranoid enough when I smoke marijuana I
don't need the specter of a billion dead
dog ghosts haunting me okay well this is
a hostage crisis this is and that's what
they're doing this is the cover of a
literal National Lampoon's magazine
where it's like if you don't buy this
magazine this dog dies
that's one of the early covers it is
that ridiculous that it's literally in
the original pantheon of National
Lampoon's covers yeah to clarify there
are 275 trained drug search dogs in the
state so not not a million not a billion
ghost dogs just to hundreds and we would
be saving so much money by not locking
people up for petty narcotics possession
causes that we could create a beautiful
retreat for all these amazing job hmm
you know what if all you did was take I
bet you 1% maybe 1% of 1% of the taxes
that you would get from legalizing
marijuana and the and the sale of
marijuana you could have doggy heaven
right here on earth you don't have to
send them to actual heaven Oh anyway by
the way the dogs are also trained to
sniff found cocaine and heroin and meth
so there's no reason to murder the dogs
none Oh plenty useful in other ways oh
I've seen like a super intense like jog
that sniffs sniffs drugs and explosives
and all that stuff these are amazing
animals amazing faithful fantastic
animals that are better at most things
than I am
the idea that you would hold them
hostage so you could keep arresting
people for having a joint is ridiculous
so now if you're wondering do they have
a dog in the fight just landed okay
anyway hey they do and so let me explain
so Jimmy and I sometimes get into small
debates about whether cops are
we bad and he says he's kind of family
members and he knows by the way Jimmy
Dore from Illinois so ok no I say it's
usually the system and the incentives
and disincentives that it creates in the
training etc right so in this case why
did the cops police chiefs care why do
they have to do this insane ridiculous
fear-mongering and and hold those dogs
hostage because not because they think
well we might lose some jobs if we don't
have all these people to arrest for
drugs that might be a part of it but the
bigger part of it is they get to seize
all the money and the assets if there's
even a joint in your house in your car
etcetera and they then get to keep that
money and use it for themselves in the
police department and sometimes it'll go
to like cool toys they want like a tank
for no reason right and and you know all
this heavy weaponry but then other times
it goes into nice big screen TVs and
nice couch is a nice you know all these
different gifts that they get themselves
by the money that they in s's stole from
people because they found a joint in
their car etc etc so they do literally
all kidding aside have a dog in the
fight and that's why because of their
greed they're saying we'll kill the dogs
if you legalize marijuana
