so don blankenship seems to have lost
tonight he was an awful person running
in the Republican primary in West
Virginia Allison you're running in the
California primary in the Senate and and
California's different in West Virginia
it's not Republican Democrats it's
everyone together on top to making it to
the general election and Feinstein's
incumbent she's pulling very poorly 39%
underwater for an incumbent is bad
underwater meaning under 50% but in the
latest survey USA poll which is
literally unbelievable I I cannot
believe it number two is Patrick little
at 18% you know it's super hard to get
anywhere near 10% and he somehow he's at
18% it was 32 people in the field and he
appears to be a neo-nazi so he says
Adolf Hitler was one of the great
leaders in world history and he doesn't
mean an intellectual or historical
context by the way you shouldn't say
that in any context no he says the Jews
were on the country and then he's gonna
liberate us from the Jewish oligarchy or
whatever that crazy conspiracy theories
that he has when the Republicans kicked
him out of their Commission this weekend
he stood on an Israeli flag and spit on
it et cetera
he's obsessed he's a total maniac so I
don't know what's going on you're in the
race house and what in the world he
thinks going on I think that people just
don't actually know about him you know
people tend to vote down ballot by and
large and they see his name maybe it
sounds more Republican than the others
compared to the other Republicans on
there but there's there's no way that
they know about him because I the
Republicans in California by and large
are are not that kind of neo-nazi
right-wing conservative and I have a lot
of conservatives in my life a lot of
Republicans a lot most of my family many
friends I was born and raised in Orange
County people always look at me like no
way you did not come from Orange County
but I you know this this is what happens
when you try to raise me a Republican I
go that
the exact opposite no but but you know
the my friends and family who are
Republican and some of them who voted
for Trump would never ever ever vote for
Trump or little if they really
understood these things if they really
heard and listened to these things so
it's it's it's gonna be up to us to make
sure people understand who little is
especially if they're planning to vote
on the Republican ticket yes so I think
it gets into a broader issue because
there's 32 candidates there's about
three of you that I think have a chance
right and I maybe I'm wrong and maybe
I'm biased on it because I support your
campaign but so the Republicans have no
name at all to be fair you started with
very little name recognition I don't
think that should be the standard at all
so I'm not saying that remotely
now you started with no money the
Republicans have no money there was no
big-name big-money guy in the Republican
side okay
everyone outside of Dianne Feinstein and
and the state rep in the race had no
money okay except and there's one other
guy who's self-financing yeah right okay
so so then in a race like that how do
you decide and if you're the media and
it is an interesting question there's 32
people how do you decide who's real and
who's not real
and so my sense of it is the two metrics
that make sense no I'll say three
metrics that make sense and because I
erase is that I'm not involved in and
don't you know have a candidate that I
worked with before as I've worked with
Allison and I the reason I'm involved is
because I know how great she is she ran
Wolfpack for all those years and did an
amazing job and she not only organized
all those people but actually achieved
the things that she set out to achieve
and passed the resolution in five states
etc so I'm just laying all my cards on
the table but free races that I don't
know any of the candidates I look at it
like who's got momentum now how do you
judge momentum when no one but the
incumbent has money and the incumbent
has money from corporate donations so
that's just an proxy for in my mind
corruption right so one is volunteers
can you motivate enough volunteers
join you does that a real that to me
means one that your message is
resonating to you're able to organize
people you are an effective manager
right to is social media are people
talking about you again does your
message resonate is that getting spread
around the internet
none of these are perfect but there's
something three is how much money did
you raise among small donors right now
the mounting big donors cuz that I know
the rest of the media is obsessed with
the big donors but it's easy to raise
money from Lockheed Martin you just go
hey Lockheed Martin would you like
another war great I'll vote for another
war give me a million bucks or in fact
sent of course they're not gonna give it
directly to it independent expenditure
give it to my PAC etc etc it's super
easy to get money from you name it a
pharmaceutical company you know what
fine sign did she said in the Town Hall
I am NOT for Medicare for all right now
she thinks it's a government takeover
that's a Republican talking point a week
later she went and raised money from
health care companies super easy to
raise money that way you want me to sell
out people I'll sell them out right but
raising small donor money not easy right
so if you do those three things I think
that should be the new standard for the
media for how you're doing a race now in
this case I know the answer but we
talked about it a little bit earlier but
social media you're being all other
candidates combined in California
including Patrick little and Feinstein
and kdl and everybody else combined so
volunteers I don't know if you know the
answer this so I know that you've got
over 1,700 volunteers do you know how
many volunteers other people have
nobody's talking about it and if they're
not talking about it there's a reason
for it and that's a good point and then
and then how about on the third metric
in terms of small donor money I have I
am beating everybody I'm at 72% of small
donors we have Diane Feinstein she's I'd
actually have it here her small dollars
are at 5% and Katie ELLs are at under 8%
so this Katie a guy he's the state
legislator that the rest of the press
takes seriously even though he does
in the polling okay so again the point
is really hard I'm not in that sense I'm
being fair to him it's not easy to rise
up in the point of the rest of the press
thing since they know him because he's
been the state government and he's an
established politician then everybody
knows him no nobody knows him and you
probably never heard of him until we
mention his name right
and so but if kdl was a real progressive
and he wasn't taking corporate PAC money
and he had raised eighty percent of his
money from small donors I said well look
give the guy a lot of credit right and
and and you should think about
supporting him but if he's racing it
what under 8% under 8% from small donors
well it's and giant donors that's not
gonna give you any change that's that's
you said it the other day to me on the
phone that's not the someone challenging
the establishment that's the
establishment backup plan yes yes yes
exactly and you know so he's taking 86%
from from big donors right over $200 and
the thing is it's not that other people
can't also especially when you're
getting the kind of free media that he
is it's not like you can't be using that
to tell people hey I need you to donate
I need you to volunteer he's not even
trying
he and Dianne Feinstein are not even
trying and it is it is just glaringly
obvious and the good news is that the
true progressive base in California
knows it we are very very aware that
just because you throw around the word
progressive does not mean that you are
and you cannot claim that you're
progressive and you support progressive
policies if you're going to continue to
take money from the very people that we
are all progressive because of ya and so
look if you're in California
Allisyn Hartson calm slash go is to
donate because she actually cares - I
have you engaged and she needs
small-dollar donors because she's not
taking any PAC money period right and
and Alison arson comm slash now to
become a volunteer you could become
here from any state and you could make
calls and stuff and then obviously go
and vote mail-in ballot begins but but
so that's important I want to tell you
that but I also want to if you don't
live in California I want you to know
how you should view candidates and and
you know the prison that you could look
at this see are they trying hard are
they gonna represent you are you know if
you get 72 percent of your donations
from small donors you'll serve small
donors meaning actual voters and in the
case of California back to the Patrick
little too crazy neo-nazi that's running
the race if that guy in whatever poll
however flawed that poll was yet gets
18% that means anyone could finish
second anyone right
that means the race is wide open which
is really energizing so you what you
don't want is little and Feinstein in
the general election which is 2016 on
steroids
that's Feinstein out Hillary Hillary and
Patrick little being Trump here than
Trump to show that more treppie than
Trump I mean you are doing by the the
lesser of two evils right so but luckily
the Modi's June 5th you can do it right
this time
Allison Hartson has almost the same
platform as Bernie Sanders go on Allison
arsenide come look at what she stands
for and so let's get it right this time
in a sense it could be a moment of
redemption for progressives overcoming
what happened in 2060
