is it is it called yet it's not called
it's not called it's up to sixty 1.9%
and he's still hanging in there under
twenty percent okay III I don't know the
counties well enough to say no no he's
not gonna win they haven't called it
because the top two are close enough yet
that they're not sure who's gonna win
among the top two so now having said
that let's go to video 7 this is Don
Blankenship on on losing earlier in the
night so you come back happening well I
don't think it's just working yeah I
don't think it's impossible to have a
comeback but the numbers are not where I
would have expected them to be at this
point in time so we just want to make
sure people do it most of people here
other than the media are close friends a
man and they know how I am I just tell
them the way it is and right now it
doesn't look good that doesn't mean it
can't change you know that's weird
because in his ads he looks more undead
mmhmm right he has relatively normal
there yeah he seemed to have come to
life just as he's being escorted out of
the building yeah so there was the
completely needless but obviously
expected from a Republican you have to
disrespect the media you have to imply
that there and not friends of yours
possibly enemies of the state but other
than that he seemed like a regular
person who's being very like self aware
of what was likely to happen I feel like
a lot of candidates would like you know
we're just weren't sticking there to the
last second even though they know
they're dead and we're gonna sue them
that's what you do all right one more
from Blankenship and you know we're
really disappointed in some of the votes
in the Northern Panhandle and of course
we expect it to be bad in the Eastern
Panhandle and not much of the southern
part of the states come in yet but you
know I'm sure the media has access to
all that as well and at this point it's
not nearly what I would hope it would be
so we just have to see if we can come
back I don't know how much impact
President Trump had as I said when I
came down earlier I don't know whether
people will listen to what he said or
not so but in the polling as you know in
recent elections of all kinds has been
way off but we definitely saw a big
surge in the polling following the
Fox debate and perhaps president Trump
has been successful I you know I'd just
be guests and then I don't guess we'll
ever know for sure excuse me
I enjoy that so much I choked up so it
looks like he's conceding defeat there
and he will lose tonight based on the
numbers we already have I now what are
we gonna remember behind his show for
other than the people who died in his
minds and the fact that he's a convicted
felon and served a year in prison his
parole ended I believe it ends at
midnight tonight is that right oh yeah
that's what I read wow I trust
implicitly yeah
so he'll be free in a couple of
different ways he's got nothing to do
after tonight so he'll be remembered for
I think two things one is near the end
of the campaign when he said I'm Trumper
than Trump Soho that's now a thing and
here's what you don't want to be and
what Don Blankenship found out tonight
Trump your than Trump
okay that's apparently a trump too far
he might be right I mean Donald Trump
likes to say I could shoot someone on
Fifth Avenue and people still vote for
me that I did kill coal miners and they
are voting for him yeah enough of them
because John wrote a tweet earlier in
our live coverage here are the elections
where a guy said he lost three cousins
in that explosion and he was gonna vote
for Blankenship anyway cuz he because
Blankenship's an honest crook and that's
what we need and it reminds me of if
they're all crooks they might as well be
honest yes yeah it reminds me of the
famous Nick Smith interview at least the
famous of my mind where we had
interviewed a guy not in West Virginia
but in western Virginia and he came from
a coal mining family and he basically
said what do you think were stupid we
know Trump's lying to us but at least
he's lying to us
whereas Hillary's given us no hope at
all so and and you know there's that's
kind of the state of democratic in the
Republican Party now Nick also started
that interview in the my favorite way
ever when he said now I ain't nothin but
a white-trash hillbilly for now holla
it's great so anyway but it looks like
all that stuff didn't work and he had to
go Trump off a bridge well I'm here all
night do you think that he is right I
mean he had apparently been surging
after that debate where he gave a great
defense for calling people China people
and then Trump did come out against him
yeah I think he is right that's my best
guess and he's right that and this is
that's to rice for Blankenship's in one
sentence I'm starting to feel uneasy one
of course we it's very very hard to
determine and we'll we might never know
unless they have really specific exit
polling but number two it likely was
Trump because he was surging we I
reported and political reporter on
internal polling from other Republican
candidates showing that he had taken the
lead and now if he loses by fifteen as
is the case tonight well Trump
afterwards coming out and saying don't
vote for Blankenship in a state that
Trump won by forty five points probably
made a big difference and so mr. Trump
e'er and you know what the one guy
especially in this country who does not
like any one Trump here the Trump drop
his Trump use drop drop I'm gonna trump
you all right exactly she's here all
night okay
what one last thing the second thing
that he's known for is going to be known
for is of course China people the fact
that he used that weird old-timey slur
over and over in his ads and perhaps
maybe he lost because of the point seven
percent of Asians in West Virginia maybe
they all showed up that probably didn't
make the difference but it's will never
forget the China people of Blankenship
in West Virginia in 2018 we do have
breaking news from Jerry Jackson we have
a potential statement from Don
Blankenship on what he will do if he
loses oh wow he says I'd go on vacation
I'm off probation tonight at midnight I
haven't been able to go places I'd like
to go for three years now I'd get my
guns back in a day or two so I am going
to win either way tonight
haha I don't think you should leave him
alone I don't know what that's me yeah
but that's scary
I'll get my guns back nah that would
better I'm the winner yeah here's what
no one wins with Don Blankenship getting
his guns back oh I the 20% again come on
West Virginia
