we're in a unique situation because I
think almost everybody in the Yonkers
audience knows that I supported a
different candidate in the primary okay
Alison yes that's right so let's get the
elephant in the room out of the way okay
there's no elephant in the room okay
well literally California there's no
elephant in the room - demographic so
but in in the beginning there was 37
people running and Alison arson was one
of them you or another and you you won
that race you and Feinstein and moved on
but I'll tell you why I wanted to
support Alison and then you tell me why
I was wrong not to support you sure okay
so and I will okay anyway good good so I
was worried that you took corporate PAC
money and and I was worried that that
you were an establishment politician who
would climb the ladder and and I was
worried that that's the the the pattern
that you would follow if you got into
the Senate so why was I wrong about that
a couple things one let me say something
about about Allison Allison I thought
was a wonderful candidate I love her
values I love her convictions I said it
very clearly in one of the townhall
forms in fact with Bernie Kratz a Los
Angeles if she were to make it to the
top two I would be openly and publicly
in support of Allison I love her values
are gonna love her convictions and I
think she was a very exciting candidate
listen I'm the youngest child a single
immigrant mother with a third-grade
education and my mother was a
housekeeper she had the courage of her
convictions to cross a border against a
current of bigotry and this was a woman
who worked her fingers to the bone and
this was a woman who was both a mother
and a father who put the roof over my
head to put the clothes my back but the
food on the table I had never been
elected to any political office in my
life but was never a city council member
a County Board supervisor school board
member Community College trustee water
board young college Democrat you know
ASB a presence in your class president
I've never been elected to anything zero
zilch until I ran for the state assembly
I was lucky enough to win the state
assembly and then I left the State
Assembly early and ran for the state
Senate these are very dangerous times
in our nation's history these are very
unprecedented times in our nation's
history with Donald Trump who occupies
the White House a day who's a very clear
and present danger to our economic
prosperity to our values to our
progressive values and to our people so
I made a decision and I think that
someone needs to run and you're right
there were a lot of candidates when you
open up that ballot there was looked
like the white pages there was 32 can
it's a lot of folks didn't know who else
it was a lot of folks saying you know
who I was either
truth be told and we I wasn't even sure
if I'd make it into the top two but I
did and I've been storming the state of
California up and down and let me be
very clear about one thing because you
make a very good point and I respect the
point you know I'm not accepting
corporate PAC money into my campaign for
US Senate there's only one cheque that
I've received and that cheque is from
Oney be shown and what he was shown
there my sisters and brothers they've
been with me in the trenches since day
one they're the legitimate news source
for so many Latino immigrants working
families up and down the state of
California throughout the entire country
and that's the only one I've received
not receiving one single penny
from the corporate world and I do
support public financing I believe there
is too much money in our campaigns today
and I think that does influence good men
and women on both sides of the aisle and
I've made it very clear I'm not taking a
penny from corporate America
you mentioned Bernie Krantz earlier and
and it does look like there's and I
certainly believe there is a fight for
the soul of the Democratic Party and so
to oversimplify people I'm sure curious
which side you come out on so now you
might agree with their policies in
different areas etc and
and it's not to say that one group is
the bad guys necessarily but but there's
the Bernie Sanders role Khanna
Acacio Cortez wing then there's the
Schumer Pelosi Tom Perez wing so is
there one wing that you identify with
more well I know role Khanna
Rokon is a good friend of mine Rogen is
a strong supporter of my candidacy along
with with with Jimmy Gomez and a handful
of other progressive Democrats like Raul
of the halva from the state of Arizona
who is the chair of was the chair of the
progressive caucus in in the Congress so
these are very strong supporters of mine
I actually had the honor of having
dinner with Alexandria oka a stochastic
Cortes just recently we were both
speakers back to back at the Netroots
conference in your leans so just about
maybe a month month and a half ago I
loved her politics I loved what she
stands I loved the courage of her
conviction it it concerns me the attacks
that she has been receiving as of
somehow someway she's going to she's a
subversive you know she's a strong young
woman with the courage of her
convictions she has very strong values
and she says these are proposals I have
and these are the proposals of given
opportunity I'd like to move forward
into Congress there's nothing wrong with
that because folks in the middle and
folks on the right having the
opportunity to move their proposals and
we have the debate to see which
proposals are much stronger so I have a
strong affinity for these individuals
into Congress and it been an opportunity
to be your voice in Washington Jenk I'd
be working closely with them along with
everybody else
