guns and roses we'll be removing a song
with homophobic and racist language from
a reissued album so guns and roses have
removed the song one in a million from a
forthcoming reissue of their album
Appetite for Destruction the 1980s Rock
Titans have not commented on the
decision but it seems to have been
prompted by the song's lyrics which
feature racist and homophobic language
this track was included on their 1988 EP
GNR lies and it includes some choice
slurs for gay people and people of
different races and or origins it's just
a mess but it has certainly not been
unaddressed by the lead singer Axl Rose
he's actually spoken about on a number
of occasions singer Axl Rose said they
were inspired in part by
african-american con artists in Los
Angeles saying I was pissed off about
some black people that were trying to
rob me I wanted to insult those
particular black people also then
there's an earlier thing where he talks
about why he can't say the n-word that's
kind of a mess regarding the immigrants
line he says a lot of people from
countries like Iran Pakistan China Japan
etc get jobs in these convenience stores
and gas stations then they treat you
like you don't belong here and then he
also said that when he said the f-word I
know if I'm allowed to say it cuz I'm
gay can I say I would prefer they just
did okay nevermind whatever so then he
said that word because he had a bad
experience with the homosexuals and
included that he there was an attempted
rape and he said he's not against them
and this was substantiated by Elton John
who said in 2017 that never in a million
years would he have thought that Axl
Rose was homophobic he's actually saying
with him and perform with him on stage
and that yeah that's I mean I that's
what that that's what that is that's
what that story is they're taking a song
and I am a fan of Guns and Roses this is
not no one's gonna miss this it's on no
one's top ten of their favorite gun
writing roses song so there's two really
interesting parts of the story
one is that ironically this song could
be kind of an anthem for the Trump led
Republican Party they have no idea how
timely it is right so first of all he
let's just break down his excuses for a
quick second he says no it's cuz I'm
just pissed some black people robbed me
so I decided to do a slur against all
black people
that's logical and another instance he
said in an interview no no it's not
about black people the n-word just means
people you don't like well except for
the fact that you said it was about
black people who RuPt
okay but look that's decades ago on that
those interviews were decades ago so
that's the second issue we'll get to in
a second but in terms of what the
storing said it attacks blacks Latinos
immigrants and Iran it couldn't be more
timely
it says immigrants and the f-word they
make no sense to me they come to our
country and they think they'll do as
they please like start some mini Iran or
spread some effing disease so terribly
ignorant and he says they talk so many
goddamn ways it's all Greek to me
look I don't that's take out a couple of
the curses but not all of them yeah and
that's what Trump says so they if they
should have double down and be like look
we have very strong words we have
beautiful great words I'm trying to
protect this country I just love the the
wordsmith theory here immigrants and F
words which grace loves to say that word
all the time apparently they make no
sense to me they come to our country in
the capital in the capital gay
game oh okay we could we could do that's
a whole postgame episode right there
there's the second half of the song he
talks about radicals and racists don't
come for me I'm just a white boy just
trying to make ends meet again when I
say that this is no one's favorite Guns
& Roses song and I will be reading the
comments on this video I don't think
it's anyone's favorite Guns and Roses
song am I wrong barn it's not like it's
that we're not gonna miss this one
you're in he's he's an immigrant to the
Paradise City he is leaving his home to
emigrate toward the Paradise City where
the grass is green and the girls are
pretty and also he is well welcoming
immigrants to the jungle yeah I mean
he's so
and that's the complicated contradiction
that's why I love this I can't help okay
before we go to break mark do you have
anything you want to say yeah briefly
you should just leave the song alone
it's kind of like what they did with the
Star Wars movies like the tampered was
something that was already expressed
from the from long ago and it's like
don't mess with it
it's like no but I see I guess so Bart's
our audio guy that you know you can't
see him and he loves music and Orient's
so that's the second point which is I
don't know I find this exercise a little
silly like so what are we gonna do go
back and censor all the songs so I love
Ice Cube and I think he's a really
brilliant guy and he talked about how
people actually lived in this country in
a way that other people had not
experienced and opened their eyes to it
that being said those lyrics are really
really bad I mean have you heard the
IceCube lyrics on on the Jews women
right so I'm kind of just well it's it's
it's like James Bond when you go back
and you just realize how often he just
hits women in old Jane's bomb James Bond
movies look no one's saying that we
should give him a medal for being
feminists of the year but no one is also
saying that we should never don't even
look at the James Bond movies they they
were created at a time it's you don't
have to agree with it I think that it's
so important to criticize things but
like I kind of agree with what you guys
are saying but I think I just did a
James Bond tangent but basically just
leave it I look at this in its own
context where it you know in 1980 bah
bah bah bum 88 they released this song
and they were like these are our
feelings now and in 2018 when they're
re-releasing an album on which this song
was they're like maybe we should leave
it out yeah you know either way than bad
but either way not guilty right so if we
want to judge them in the 1980s when
that was relevant and maybe it
influenced people okay all right hey
don't say that that's gonna get people
hurt etc etc now decades and decades
later they want to leave it out of the
album great leave it out wonderful okay
want to put it in the album it was an
album either way yeah I'm totally fine
with it
if Ice Cube re-releases the song with
the Jews in it and leaves it out right
I'm glad you left it out right either
way not guilty what we've decided is you
do you
