today the president Donald Trump had an
announcement and it was a disastrous one
let me share with you I am announcing
today that the United States will
withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal in a
few moments I will sign a presidential
memorandum to begin reinstating u.s.
nuclear sanctions on the Iranian regime
we will be instituting the highest level
of economic sanction any nation that
helps Iran in its quest for nuclear
weapons could also be strongly
sanctioned by the United States America
will not be held hostage to nuclear
blackmail we will not allow American
cities to be threatened with destruction
and we will not allow a regime the
chance death to America to gain access
to the most deadly weapons on earth
today's action sends a critical message
the United States no longer makes empty
threats when I make promises I keep them
okay that's as disastrous as you could
possibly have let me break it down for
you first of all filled with complete
and utter lies so he talked about how
Iran is holding us hostage how so we
already have a deal with them and we
took away their uranium and their
nuclear energy program they didn't have
a nuclear weapons program but Dave we
foreclosed any opportunity for them to
have a nuclear weapons program by ending
their nuclear energy program by the way
we have nuclear energy we have nuclear
weapons so do our allies like Israel
that are also in the Middle East you
know how we did it we froze the assets
of the Iranians their own money we held
their money hostage and then we
blackmailed them with by because we
basically took away their money in a way
that I think was totally wrong but I'm
happy we did look I know it's wrong but
on the other hand we could took away
their nuclear energy program it was a
great deal it was an unbelievable deal
we returned nothing
except basically their stolen money to
them okay we're the ones who took
hostages and did blackmail of Iran it's
just it's true and I'm telling you look
at the end of the day it wound up really
great for us so I'm not necessarily
opposed to that policy it was pretty
cold hearted policy and we were not in
the right but that's okay we've got a
great result well Donald Trump just
ripped that deal up right now and then
he says they have threatened American
cities with destruction no they haven't
where what when did they threaten
Seattle or San Antonio no we're the ones
invading countries in the Middle East so
it's not to say that I like the Iranian
regime I don't want them having nuclear
weapons I don't like their regime I
don't buy any of this nonsense about how
they're having elections you know look I
know our own donors have our oligarchy
where they choose who the candidates we
vote for our but yes the mullahs do
something even more stark and clear and
yes it is clearly run by the Ayatollah
in the and the oligarchy of the mullahs
in Iran I am against their form of
government and I want to liberate the
Iranian people but they did not threaten
to destroy our cities we're the ones
starting wars in the Middle East so
that's just not true
categorically not true that they tried
to say that they were gonna destroy us
it's just preposterous we don't need
this conflict and Donald Trump is open
up a can of worms of course he has no
idea cuz he's a mental midget and and so
ergo Jordan to deliver all my promises
and I'm not gonna allow them to gain
access to nuclear weapons we already did
that that was the point of the deal so
now Iran says they will fiercely resist
this and are now threatening to reopen
their nuclear energy plan yeah well
played Donald Trump total absolute moron
by the way if you're a libertarian and
you voted for Donald Trump you're an
absolute sucker I told you he's a
pathological liar I told you that he
would just kid deal whatever the folks
with money the donors told him to do and
they told him to start this conflict and
he has started this conflict if we get
into a war with Iran that'll be way
worse than what we had in
Iraq in Iraq was already an epic failure
one of the worst decisions America has
ever made its land wise Iran is four
times the size of Iraq and Iraq is 37
million people
Iran has 81 million they have a real
army and they have real allies like
Russia but this is an epic failure on
the part of Donald Trump
oh well john bolton now his national
security advisors in neocon who pushed
for the iraq war he told them oh yeah
we've got this we got this just like we
did Iraq this is gonna be great great
Mike Pompeo and other neoconservative
war hawk monger so you go yeah yeah go
get it mr. president we don't need any
peace deals will show the Iranians total
idiots so look I know the
military-industrial complex had funds
all these politicians think oh that last
war turned out disastrous for everyone
else and 5,000 Americans died in Iraq
but who got their limbs blown off got
severely injured but who cares we made
money you think the Iraq war was a
disaster for you you're right but was it
a disaster for the people who made the
war happen no no the defense contractors
mean billions upon billions in profits
by the way soon to all companies because
wars in the Middle East create
instability in the oil markets and oil
prices go up so the people who pay for
that war got everything they ever
bargained for but they're making a wrong
gamble in Iran believe it or not Iraq
was a small-scale war Iran will not be
small-scale it will let alone the
carnage that it could create it will
devastate the global economic markets
and then all those donors will go oops
except a couple of the donors who say oh
whatever the Israeli right-wing wants
well then we're gonna give it to them
and by the way the other faction here
that is monumentally apart is the new
regime in Saudi Arabia they hate Iran
they're fighting Iran on a proxy war in
Yemen so well Donald Trump is a lot of
news with Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia also
buys a lot
from our defense contractors so the
powerful people in this country like oh
yes Saudi Arabia is right oh we can just
win a war with Iran no big deal us rip
up the peace treaty and let them pursue
their nuclear energy program again it
makes no sense if you're a rational
human being and you care about the
American people but if you don't care
about the American people you're in a
defense contractor and you make money
from death and war and destruction
you're an oil company it might make
sense in the short term but even for
those guys in the long term they're
gonna get way more than they bargained
for unfortunately and I hope to god it
doesn't lead the war but it doesn't look
good right from the get-go so let me
give you more details how folks explains
the US will not extend waivers on
sanctions targeting Iran's nuclear
program effectively ending its
compliance with the 2015 international
agreement under which Iran accepted
restrictions on its nuclear program in
exchange for economic relief now let's
be clear later they will lie and if most
of the American media will call it 50/50
and say Oh Ron was the one that broke
the deal no no you just saw it with your
own eyes
we broke the deal we broke it okay now
here's one other lie from Donald Trump
watch at the heart of the Iran deal was
a giant fiction that a murderous regime
desired only a peaceful nuclear energy
program today we have definitive proof
that this Iranian promise was a lie no
you're the only liar in the room so what
he's referring to is Netanyahu's total
BS speech about oh my god are online now
in brackets is in the past
wait there's a giant difference if Iran
lied in the past and again I don't trust
their regime I don't think they're good
guys at all I think they oppress their
own people but if they lied in the past
before the deal and we caught them and
then we made the deal and they have not
lied since okay you make peace deals
with your enemies not with your friends
if they lied after the deal well that
would be really important and
would be in violation of the deal but
let's clarify here again how post
explains much of Netanyahu's
presentation centered on information
that was publicly available in a 2007
Declassified intelligence report and
then Yahoo did not state that Iran was
in current violation of the deal all
that was was marketing with old
information just like the lead up to the
Iraq war old outdated information and
then you put it in the same sentence as
well I mean I had to kill the deal
because we're online wait they lied back
in 2007 it has nothing new in this deal
and we already knew that it's the
classified information
so when Trump makes it seem like Iran
broke the deal by lying about this field
that is totally 100% not true in fact
his own defense secretary doesn't think
it's true I'll get to that in a second
so why is he doing this for a number of
reasons one on the campaign trail he had
called this the worst deal ever now that
leads to so why did he call it the worst
he'll ever
why because one he's a lying politician
and he had to say I'll make the best
deals
everybody else was terrible they make
the terrible deals the worst deals we
haven't been winning we've been losing
and I'm going to start winning so that
was a strategy and a bunch of idiots
believed it in voted for him
yes I'm talking to you the Trump voters
oh no and especially the libertarians
though we're the ones that fancy
themselves libertarians oh no no Trump
is for America first and he's not gonna
get us involved in wars in the Middle
East he said Iraq was a disaster why did
he say that because everyone else sucks
and Trump is the best Oh Bush he didn't
know what he was doing I'm running yes
Jeb Bush direct war was a disaster even
though he was in favor of the Iraq war
I've said many years he's all I said it
was wrong he said it way after everybody
realizes the Iraq war was wrong so just
nothing but non-stop lies but the second
reason he said that during the campaign
is everything Obama does too I Spit on
it I'm against it Paris climate Accord
well that I'm against it well the whole
world's for it well Obama was for it so
I'm against it Iran deal Obama was for
it so I'm against it Obama care he was
for it it's all I'm against it and the
list goes on and on
he has a sick sick problem with Obama
if so anyway I'll leave that a portion
of it alone
well let's go back to Trump of the past
Trump has long tresses advisors to come
up with an alternative strategy to
contain Iran's nuclear efforts when his
advisors failed to deliver Trump ordered
Congress in October to pass legislation
that would unilaterally change u.s.
commitments under the deal in other
words he's like I'm gonna make the best
deals okay all my advisers come up with
a better deal than this
they come back to him they're like sorry
Saturday report there's actually a great
deal and we literally cannot make it any
better
no kid did I'm gonna go to Congress
Congress you make it better
sorry to report mr. president but you're
an idiot and us Republicans were liars
and we lie all the time in the middle of
elections because we hate the other side
and we want our supporters to hate the
other side so we pretended it was a bad
deal but in reality we literally have no
idea how to make it better so that
Congress passed nothing okay so is it
true that Iran is a violation again he's
that lie is so bold and brazen that he
barely he grazes it by saying Netanyahu
and Iran and they weren't relying but he
can't actually say that they violate a
deal because they haven't the
International Atomic Energy Agency which
monitors the use of nuclear energy has
verified Iranian compliance with the
agreement multiple times says 2015 when
they struck the deal most recently in
March of this year they are in
compliance we are sending invasive
researchers and people who were trained
at the International Atomic Energy
Agency to do this for a living into
their country which we would never allow
in our country could you imagine if the
UN came in and said that's a step aside
we're gonna inspect all your nuclear not
only weapons programs but energy
programs we would never allow them to do
that in America but Iran agreed to it
because we held their money hostage and
they report back no they don't have it
they're not pursuing a nuclear energy
program they're not during compliance
okay but they're not alone defense
secretary James Madison strums defense
secretary and outspoken critic of the
Iranian government testified
Congress on April 26 of this year that
the nuclear deal provided quote robust
measures to inspect Iran's nuclear
program and verify that it is complying
with the deal so unsurprisingly another
lie by the Trump White House that is not
he can't even be verified by their into
own defense secretary or the UN so last
month an Iranian Foreign Minister Javad
Zarif suggest that if the u.s. pulled
out of the nuclear accord his country
could also exit the deal and resumed its
nuclear program at a much greater speed
Iran has no reason to continue to abide
by the agreement if the economic
benefits start to diminish he said oh
boy the whole world needs to buckle up
for this and look the let's talk about
is there any way to avoid conflict let
me give you this one part that's
important as hell posts again explains
but most of the economic benefits Iran
receives through the nuclear deal do not
come directly from the US which
maintains a primary embargo against Iran
when Trump previously waived sanctions
he suspended secondary sanctions which
penalize other countries for doing
business with Iran so that's good news
bad news the good news is most of the
benefits economic benefits are on come
from the other countries involved in the
deal European countries in Russia okay
so now obviously Russia is also part of
Europe but the European countries are
one block France Germany etc and Russia
is a separate power and we all agree to
it the US agree to it the Russia's
agreed to it
Europeans and their radiance so now the
Europeans and the Russians want to
continue the deal so they might continue
the deal which might might keep Iran in
the deal and then not restart their
nuclear energy program and not create
more hostilities now we've taken away a
lot of their incentive to do so
now the bad news is now Trump is saying
do a good don't don't touch me on me
will sure remember what he's actually
threatening is action against our allies
he's saying if our allies do business
with Iran which
they are now under the old deal he's
like I'm going to strike against our
allies obviously not militarily but
economically what a terrible terrible
idea so not only do you violate a peace
deal for no goddamn reason but then you
turn around and antagonize our allies
and the Russians against us this is a
one moment where I hope and pray that
Trump actually does have a deal with the
Russians and is colluding with them look
if you say it right now it certainly
doesn't look like it Russia doesn't want
them to do this you are right about that
so let's see how this thing plays out
because I'm crossing my fingers and here
again I hope he's got a deal where Putin
says what are you doing no no back down
all right look it's Sal it's it's too
late he did the press conference it
appears to be too late but but who knows
with Trump but by the way if Trump
thinks I don't need Putin anymore and
they had a deal these are ifs okay
and Putin goes what did you say well
then whoa the next shoe to drop would be
whatever Putin has on Trump would start
to get released
so now look that might get Trump out of
office if I'm right about that but Mike
Pence also agrees with John Bolton Mike
Pompeo and the Republican donors and
also wants this war he might want an
even more than Trump and he doesn't
appear to have any deal with the
Russians so now the last part of this is
guys you put aside the speculation on
the Russia's being able to stop this or
not and let's just assume for a second
there's no secret deals or anything so
what we have us Saturday Arabia and
Israel and some of other Sunni
governments on our side okay and we're
the ones violating the deals okay on the
other side you have Iran Russia and then
you got to see where China and Europe
come out on this but if we start an
actual war with Iran yeah again they
think it's going to be a pushover no
Iran has a real army and they have a ton
of people and they have it's and it's
geography over there they've got
mountains they've got their weapons
programs conventional weapons deep in
the bunkers inside the mountains they
got 81 million people we think we have
air superiority and sea superiority
against just Iran maybe if Russia comes
in no not at all but even if there's a
quote-unquote just against Iran and
hence against all the Shia Muslims in
the world is basically what it'll come
to they have they could plant mines all
over the water and and that could do
untold damage to our ships here's
another thing that you do they could
release a hundred a thousand ten
thousand drones into the sky and then
all of a sudden and where they gotta get
them from first of all we've been
selling those drones all over the world
second of all make it easily buy from
the Russians or the Chinese and then all
of a sudden the air superiority we
thought we had oops Jesus Christ this
the skies filled with drones
so look do it again I hope to god it
never comes to any of that but we're
messing now for the first time with an
actual world war not a little war of the
Middle East and yes I'm referring to
Iraq which was an epic disaster as
compared to Iran it would be a little
war in the Middle East so that's what
Donald Trump did today and unfortunately
since the Republican Party is deeply
corrupt even if you got Trump out of
office it wouldn't get any better well
now with this press conference it can't
get any worse but pence is not any kind
of saving grace so the Republican Party
has has spoken they are for war they
will always be for war and and god help
us if this triggers that conflict in the
Middle East and right now we're headed
on that path with nothing but
neoconservative surrounding Donald Trump
telling him Oh mr. president you're a
stable genius you're so tough and strong
of course you'll be able to bully the
Iranian and get them to do whatever you
want and bully everyone else
allied with Iran of course and even our
allies of course help me pushovers mr.
president
everyone else is weak and you're
incredibly strong mr. president oh yeah
yeah I like that
I like that kind of talk and so now
we're on this path god help us all
if those hostilities start there is no
end to them and it would be a disaster
like we have not seen in our lifetimes
too easy wasteful Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
