Gina hassel has been nominated to head
the CIA she's serving the CIA for 30
years now that's a lot of experience of
the CIA so that's a good thing
presumably the problem is in some of
that experience well she ran a black
site in Thailand where we tortured
detainees and and some of the worst
abuses that the CIA has ever done was
under her watch waterboarding sleep
deprivation threats of killing people
anna list goes on and on I'm gonna read
that for you in a second and she then
took evidence of their illegal torture
and destroyed it ninety-two tapes
shredded them wildly illegal so Trump
looks at it and goes oh a person who
doesn't give a damn about the law hates
the rule of law and loves to torture
people and then get rid of the evidence
you know for Trump that's not the bug
that's the feature he's like oh she gets
sort of evidence I love her so he's at
pointa door now she's gonna have
congressional hearings because Congress
has to sign off on it
that's gonna be on Wednesday so
apparently she was having second
thoughts because the the damage it might
do to the CIA's reputation is reputation
that's not why he did it all right so
let's give your context so what kind of
torture did she participate in well the
government wrote a report about this not
some liberal organization not to
intercept the government wrote this
report so let me quote the New York
Times from back when it was revealed the
report describes extensive waterboarding
as a series of near drownings and
suggests that more prisoners were
subjected to waterboarding than the
three prisoners the CIA has acknowledged
in the past the CIA lying no the report
also describes detainees being subjected
to sleep deprivation for up to a week
humans cannot withstand that medically
unnecessary quote rectal feeding that is
otherwise known
as rape and death threats conditions
that one person described by a
clandestine officer as a dungeon or
blamed for the death of a detainee and
the harsh techniques were described as
leading to psychological and behavioral
issues including hallucinations paranoia
and SAAM Nia and attempts at self harm
and self-mutilation Gina hassle
everybody so now don't get this wrong a
lot of Democrats also support her so
Leon Panetta the former CIA director for
under Obama a lot of the people who
worked under Panetta they're all over TV
MSNBC has like 18 people from CIA and
national security intelligence
organizations who were all complicit in
either the torture or the cover-up of
the torture on TV go and cheetah has
well Bravo on the torture Bravo MSNBC
the liberal station hilarious hilarious
so all the people who've done these
monstrous things support Gina Haspel now
in the case of the black site that she
ran in Thailand one of the detainees was
Abu Zubaydah now
Abu Zubaydah had to had a lot of things
that were done to him
oops turns out we shouldn't have done it
to him of course what we shouldn't do it
to anyone but anyway they don't care
that they have whether they have the
right person the wrong person couldn't
give a damn it's not about that it's
about the sick joy that they get from
torture that Gina Haspel guess from
torture so let's be clear about that he
was put in in a box Sabina was and he
said quote in describing it I felt I was
going to explode and he was also
subjected to waterboarding 83 times in
one month to give you a sense of Gina
Haskell is the one who authorized all
that to give you a sense of what a
sadist gina Haspel is and how she has no
interest in the truth
if waterboarding worked why did you have
to do it 83 times you didn't get
information the first time that 17th
time the 53rd time or the 82nd time you
didn't get any actionable intelligence
what led you to believe that doing it 83
times would work it's because you didn't
want actionable intelligence
another detainee that the CIA went and
helped the Egyptians torture said that
he realized in the nick of time they
weren't trying to get the right
information they were trying to get the
wrong information so they were about to
burry him alive and he said okay uh I
got it I got it I you want me to say
Iraq did it right about 9/11 he's like
fine I interacted it they're like
congratulations that's the answer we
wanted they took him out of the grave
and and then stopped torturing so Gina
has holes in the wrong intelligence
business and then of course like I said
she shredded the tapes because it would
have been deeply embarrassing for them
to see the torture that they had
committed at her behest and by the way
she should be in jail for at a minimum
first of all waterboarding is illegal we
have executed people for waterboarding
the Japanese who did the waterboarding
of our soldiers got executed that's how
much of a crime waterboarding is but
even if you're a monster like Donald
Trump you think torture is great put
that aside for a second shredding the
evidence is clearly illegal a million
percent illegal she should be in prison
not heading the CIA okay at least one
Republican acknowledged is that and
that's Rand Paul he says Trump's nominee
to run the CIA is complicit in torture
she shouldn't be in charge of an agency
that already has problems with
accountability now mind you don't ever
take Rand Paul seriously he'll probably
vote for her he also had tough things to
say about Mike Pompeo who was a former
head of the CIA and now confirmed to be
the Secretary of State Oh who's the
deciding vote that confirmed him right
Rand Paul so Rand Paul talks a good game
hey maybe we shouldn't torture people
maybe we shouldn't start endless wars
for no reason
then he goes Oh Trump you want me to do
it yes sir yes sir absolutely sir you
think he won't vote for the torture he
probably will if Trump tells him to do
it in a stern enough voice I'm sure that
Rand Paul will beg and plead and and
bark and
whatever he does like the dog that he is
to follow the commands of his Dear
Leader anyway
speaker which Donald Trump what does he
think about torture when asked about it
during the campaign he said you can say
what you want but I have no doubt that
it does work in terms of in terms of
information and other things that is of
course not true but that is what Donald
Trump says about torture so he is on the
record as clearly Pro torture so the
report out over the weekend was that to
avoid receiving damage to the agency's
reputation our own Haspel offered to
withdraw her name from consideration on
Friday Courtney Love Washington Post she
reportedly told White House officials
she did not want to become what she
called the next Ronnie Jackson so Ronnie
Jackson of course was the White House
physician who then got appointed to be
the head of the Veterans Affairs for no
apparent reason other than the fact that
he gave a report that Donald Trump
wanted was probably total lie about his
health so they wanted to reward him for
the corruption then we found out that he
was nicknamed the Candyman and would
give out pills without prescriptions and
did a whole laundry list of things
she's a hospital think of a damn about
the CIA reputation oh she is about is
her own ass
that's why she were shredded the tapes
to cover her own ass so she wouldn't go
to prison and now she doesn't want to be
the next Ronnie Jackson otherwise she
just want to be humiliated and and run
out of town she was just trying to cover
her own ass she should be the head of
cya not CIA so what does that mean that
means the Trump administration is like
Oh someone who's done a lot of things
wrong is shreds evidence yes so Sarah
Huckabee Sanders tweets there's no one
more qualified to be the first woman to
lead the CIA then 30 plus year veteran
Gina Haspel any democrat who claims to
support women's empowerment and our
national security but opposes her
nomination is a total hypocrite
so do progressives actually saying you
should support women just for the sake
of work just because there are women not
real progressives maybe corporatists
like Hillary Clinton oh I'm a woman so
you
to support me cuz I'm a woman but real
progressives always say that we care
about issues we care about policies we
care about what your stance 'it's we
care about if you have a good record on
women's rights and protecting women now
Hillary Clinton could have run on that
instead she said I'm with her you have
to support makers on one the only other
people who do that are conservatives
because services know you can't attack
Geena Haspel she's a known torturer of
Noam lawbreaker but she's a woman so
that's what you must mean no we mean
support women's rights women's issues we
don't mean support any monstrous woman
that comes along just because she's a
woman so we don't have to support Betsy
DeVos we don't have to support Sarah
Huckabee Sanders and we don't have to
support the torturer Geena Haspel that I
don't know if they're purposely getting
that idea wrong or they think well this
will be a fun little trick we'll just
lie and pretend that progressives think
you should support all women period
regardless of what their opinions or
policy positions are so of course Donald
Trump wants to get in on the game so he
tweets my highly respected nominee for
CIA director Gina Haspel has come under
fire because she was too tough on
terrorists yeah that's nice framing
there Donnie think of that and these
very dangerous times we have the most
qualified person a woman who Democrats
want out because she's too tough on
terror when Gina what does that mean
when Gina okay anyway he's a child
so he's like oh she's a woman oh I know
Donald Trump well-known supporter of
women and women's issues you guys say
this stuff with a straight face get the
hell out of here man and then he says
she was too tough on Terry your support
giving weapons to people on terrorist
watchlist when you have right-wing
terrorists white nationalist terrorists
you never say a word about a donald
trump you said about the terrorists in
charlottesville the right-wing zealots
the neo-nazis that there were good
people on that side too and now you want
to talk about well at least she tortures
people and destroys evidence so that's
tough on terrorism no that's contrary to
American principles of freedom and
liberty and our United States
Constitution she might as well spit on
the American flag that's probably why
Sarah Huckabee Sanders and Donald Trump
liked her so much two easy ways for the
Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
