the Trump administration has threatened
to set the Iran deal on fire by the end
of the week now that's the deal
that ended Iran's nuclear energy program
they didn't have a weapons program but
now they couldn't not only have a
nuclear weapons program but again have a
nuclear energy program it took out the
uranium from Iran it was an amazing deal
and in return what do we give them
nothing we had taken their money hostage
and we had convinced other countries to
freeze all their assets not our assets
their assets
it was Iranian money and we froze them
all across the world we kidnapped their
money and then in return for ending
their energy program we gave them their
money back it was an unbelievably great
deal so look I don't want to run out
nuclear weapons they're run by the
Ayatollah they're run by a bunch of
corrupt mullahs so we didn't go to war
we gave up nothing and we took away
their any hope of a nuclear program so
of course the moron Donald Trump thinks
I'm gonna do better to you I'm gonna do
a better deal
so I'm thinking of ripping that one up
oh yeah yeah
so John Kerry the former Secretary of
State who negotiated that deal is
apparently going around to allies and to
the people he talked to in Iran to make
the deal including the foreign minister
and saying look here's how we can rescue
the deal etc he's on his own he's doing
that is that a good idea
I got mixed feelings about it look if a
Republican Secretary of State was doing
out - Obama I don't think I'd be happy
about it on the other hand he's fighting
for peace and those guys fight for war
so that makes a giant difference and he
is the one that put the deal together
and as a former Secretary of State he
has every right to take lease talk to
our allies that's for sure
Trump does not agree he tweets the
United States does not need John Kerry
possibly illegal shadow diplomacy on the
very badly negotiated Iran deal he was
on that created this mess in the first
place if by mess you mean an excellent
deal yeah that was John Kerry
that's probably the shining moment in
his resume excellent deal criticized by
Donald Trump
by definition you knew it was a good
deal all right anyway the answer from
Kerry's camp is secretary Kerry stays in
touch with his former counterparts
around the world just like every
previous Secretary of State and that is
true previous Secretary of State's do
keep in touch with other foreign
diplomats they used to talk to talking
to the Iranians Foreign Minister
interesting but now let me give you the
context that almost no one else in media
is giving you during the Obama
administration as they were negotiating
that deal 47 Republican senators led by
Tom cotton wrote a letter directly to
the Iranian government saying don't do
the deal that's only a million times
worse so where's everybody on cable news
talking about the treasonous Republican
senators who besieged the Ayatollah to
not do a deal with our government as we
were negotiating that deal where are you
guys
so Major General Paul Eaton was asked
about it at the time as a couple of
years ago and he said I do not believe
that these senators were trying to sell
out America I do believe they defied the
chain of a command and what could be
construed as an illegal act and when
asked to describe the Republican
senators actions he said I would use the
word mutinous so please spirit spare me
your crocodile tears on John Kerry
unless you're also calling out Tom
cotton today and by the way other
senators like Lindsey Graham and John
McCain who never saw a war that they
didn't absolutely love so they were the
ones who were mutinous okay then Rudy
Giuliani was speaking over the weekend
to a group they pretend to be for
freedom in Iran if only it were so
usually its shadowy groups who support
another country who wants a war with
Iran and then they do it under the guise
of freedom for Iran anyway speaking to
that group Giuliani said President
Donald Trump is as committed to regime
change as we are wait a minute
Giuliani doesn't have national security
clearance he doesn't even work for the
government
he's Donald Trump's personal attorney so
his Trump sharing national secrets with
Giuliani first of all you know they ask
you that of course of course he is you
think he's not blabbering all over the
place to all these people who don't have
clearance of course he is
and then Giuliani because he's
apparently totally unhinged goes and
speaks in front of this group and he's
like God let me tell you classified
information that I shouldn't even have
access to we're gonna do a regime change
in Iran oh my god that means war that
means not only are they gonna tear up
the deal we might go to war with Iran
Iran is four times the size of Iraq
that's at least four times the size of
the disaster their military is way
superior Iraq's they don't have nuclear
weapons thank God thanks thanks to Obama
and John Kerry by the way but they do
have a ton of conventional weapons and
if you thought we got stuck in a
quagmire in the middle of Iraq wait till
you get a load of Iran but almost
everyone in the administration now is a
neocon who's in favor of that war
Giuliani went on to say that ripping up
that deal and going for regime change
which would mean war is quote the only
way to peace in the Middle East well I
don't know that anyone's ever written a
book better than 1984 got it rethinking
nailed it
the only way to peace is war indeed and
how about the current Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo well he has said in the past
when he was a congressman Congress must
act to change Iranian behavior and
ultimately the Iranian regime and the
National Security Advisor is john bolton
who has a metal war he didn't want to
make love to and an iran war he can't
wait for it he's among the original
monstrous moronic neoconservatives that
started their iraq war so all of you
libertarians who voted for Donald Trump
because you thought he was against
intervention in the Middle East
ha ha joke's on you and unfortunately on
the rest of the planet as they beat
those war Trump's
the Republicans will always vote for war
if you vote for the Republicans thinking
they're not going to drive you into war
you're an idiot
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
