john mccain is in really bad shape he's
got a serious form of cancer he's got a
new book coming out and he's got an
audiotape related to it and it's it's
weighty matters and i want to play you a
part of the tape here here let's let's
listen it maybe i'll be gone before you
hear this my predicament is well rather
unpredictable but i'm prepared for
either contingency or at least i'm
getting prepared so look any time you
see someone who says look I might if all
the surgeries go well I might have at
most another five years or and it could
be any moment now and people like Vice
President Joe Biden are gonna see him
and his friends and allies are going to
see him while he still lives and so he
realizes that he might pass away this
book is gonna be called a restless way
of good times just causes great fights
and appreciations I don't want you to
get me wrong I I don't agree with John
McCain's policies and so he is a he has
and always will be a war monger and so
I'm not here to praise John McCain but
anytime anybody's in a situation like
that it's touching obviously well in the
midst of preparing for the worst a news
report is out today saying amid sin
Senator John McCain's battle with brain
cancer the 81 year old reportedly wants
President Donald Trump to stay away from
his funeral
he's apparently told people that he
hopes they send Mike Pence the vice
president and he does not want Donald
Trump at his funeral
well I wouldn't either I mean I wouldn't
want to see Donald Trump whether I was
alive or dead now you might wonder why
McCain's got a bone to pick with Donald
Trump well you remember this famous
comment during the campaign he hit me
he's not a war hero he's a war he's a
war hero because he was captured I like
people that weren't captured okay I hate
to
she was awarded that it's a war hero
because he was captured
okay there's no end of what a bad guy
Donald Trump Asst what a monster
the Republican voters saw that and
they're like that's our monster we like
that guy who spits on people who were
tortured by our enemies there's a way to
disagree with John McCain without
smearing his record you know look I've
said this a million times and I'll say
it one more time McCain is dead wrong on
the policies I would vote against them
98 out of a hundred times okay
although to be fair became feingold
getting money out of politics that was
nice and you always got to be fair you
always got to give credit where credit
is due and in that story of john mccain
being captured that's not the relevant
part the relevant part is since he was
the son of a famous admiral for the u.s.
navy the north vietnamese offered to let
mccain go and he wouldn't go he said i'm
not going to go if you're keeping the
rest of the US soldiers here
now that is bravery that's something
that of course Donald Trump has never
seen would never do anyone else
the idea that Donald Trump would care
about anybody but himself is
preposterous and of course Donald Trump
now to be fair to him was not captured
in Vietnam the reason for that is
because like a coward he ran ran and ran
first he was in in school that's fine he
got four deferments but his fifth
deferment was for bone sport Spurs when
asked which foot he had the bone spurs
in he said I don't know maybe both his
daddy wrote him a doctor's note which
was obviously a lie one of many
fictitious doctor's notes to follow in
Trump's notorious career and McCain
clarified that last fall he said that
Trump never apologized for his insulting
remark so bad blood between them if I
was McCain I wouldn't want that guy in
at my funeral either he'd probably go
and give a eulogy I prefer senators who
weren't dead you think he won't say it
do you think he won't say it
so it's a hell of a situation for John
McCain to be in but I like one of the
last shots that he took if in fact it's
one of his last shots
bless his heart for that one two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
