The Washington Redskins cheerleaders are
speaking out against team management
saying that they've been placed in
unsafe and also uncomfortable situation
so to give you an example during a trip
to Costa Rica for a calendar photo shoot
many of the male team sponsors were
present during the photo shoot which was
not communicated to them prior and the
women in this particular case were nude
they were also asked by the director of
the team to escort some of these male
team sponsors to nightclubs in response
to this this is what one cheerleader had
to say they weren't putting a gun to our
heads but it was mandatory for us to go
we weren't asked we were told other
girls were devastated because we knew
exactly what she was doing here she is
referring to being asked to be escorts
for nightclubs for some of the male
sponsors she also says that some of the
women were crying they were so
devastated that this was happening to
them and one of the reasons for that for
this devastation is that they explained
that nowhere in their contracts did they
state that they would be required to act
as escorts or to pose nude in front of
other sponsors it simply wasn't there so
their expectations were misaligned and
it's really unfortunate to hear because
this is not something that happens just
in sports it happens in many different
industries and we are getting more and
more these dust stories coming out as
well yeah this is interesting because
this this profession of being a
cheerleader it it is sexualized already
and so you have the calendar shoot
associated with so many teams and you
have these beautiful women who are faces
of the team and so so there's that which
already clouds the water but that but
let's be clear that doesn't mean that
everybody is involved in some sexy
modeling for the these teams should be
subjected to these other kinds of
exercises which are clearly associated
with stuff that's way past the line and
now you get to the other thing that is
law that was saying you find an
other walks of life and that's
associated with sexual harassment and
with wanting to keep your job proud to
represent the team let's say yet knowing
that if you don't go do this that your
position on the team is going to be
affected and so you realize that the
pressures professional pressures
associated with this sexualized job
quickly get into dangerous territory
yeah and speaking of the Washington
Redskins more specifically they did some
really grotesque things for example they
put up on their website and interactive
hot-or-not where they had photographs of
be cheerleaders and had people simply
rape them you can see them here they now
they're no longer on the side I think
they got enough backlash to remove them
but this is just really unfortunate this
is the way that they treat the you know
the life and spirit of their team that's
supposed to cheer on their players yeah
I mean and that encouraged those insane
beauty standards which they we're gonna
be judged for on the site and in real
life led to laxative abuse tons of not
just body image issues but yeah in their
contracts that actually states they're
not allowed to go up more than a few
pounds in weight they're not allowed to
gain weight and fluctuate so there's
extreme pressure which is also really
abysmal because you find out later I
don't know if you all are aware and
actually I'm not so sure about NFL
cheerleaders but I do know NBA
cheerleaders don't get paid really well
at all they were actually not paid for
the time they spent shooting the
calendar so a lot of these activities
are simply not compensated there you
know on their own time but they're
expected as part of the job right and
they're outsourced to wealthy sponsors
or donors who some even try to recoup
their money later and even it's awful
women are being used as a pawn for a
business and also let's not forget to
add this team still called the Redskins
by the way which we need to reevaluate
that ASAP but these women passports were
confiscated I mean this is what people
do with people from quote-unquote third
world global South countries they'd
confiscate their passports in places
like the Persian Gulf and we
see that as a violation of human rights
or rights to move to travel to have your
to have access to your own private
property which your passport is so I
mean all kinds of crazy violations and I
wonder you know after reading through
the details of the story and the story
takes place in 2013 of course it's still
probably the the company culture still
supports and embraces this kind of
lifestyle I wonder is is there a place
for these type of cheerleaders in this
era right I you know that that's a
decent question and there because it's
the NFL and that's such a powerful brand
there are a lot of women and men I think
there are a couple of men who also exist
in these squads but generally it's women
who want to be on the sidelines they
want to cheer on the the NFL team
because as I say it's such a
high-profile thing but in general if you
read as Lisette said you know they're
paid I think even when the demands for
some payment were finally they finally
acceded to those demands it was $50 a
week or something they were being paid
and then in the case of the New Orleans
Saints cheerleaders they had to buy
their uniforms I think that's actually
not that uncommon so they're actually
making money from these people that they
pay nothing to and then you add to it
this really seedy aspect of the job I
mean the tales of this are pretty gross
like they're there on the road they have
to go on this guy's yacht he's got a lot
of money and again they don't have to go
on but there's a lot of pressure to go
on and you have the sense that if you
don't participate there'll be
repercussions and then in in the case of
one woman's account they were told hey
if you want to make money you should go
on to this rich guy's yacht because he's
got a lot of money and you can you know
make money so there's a there's an
undertow here of some pretty gross stuff
associated with this frankly pretty
wholesome when you you know what has
traditionally been a fairly wholesome
and innocuous kind of job well I mean I
can tell you by my experiences of the
cheerleaders at my high school there are
a lot of seedy men that were hanging
around including the
former wrestling coach was mysteriously
gone for six months and then came back
because found out he had relationships
it's not just the Washington Redskin
fortunately there are other scandals and
lawsuits being filed filed by New
Orleans New Orleans Saints cheerleader
by the Miami Dolphins former Miami
Dolphins cheerleader as well there I
mean it just goes on the NFL is being
sued as well so unfortunately it's a
problem that goes beyond this team and
beyond this industry but at least we're
now getting to hear these stories like
you mentioned MIFA this was back in 2013
but the trio leaders finally had the
opportunity I would say to publicly talk
about this perhaps without fearing as
much retaliation had they spoken about
this in 2013 let me just say one last
thing this I think you're I think that
that's a really really good point but
before all the haters jump me when I
talk about the wholesomeness of
cheerleading I'm talking about that
package that we have had since the 50s
which is it's a football game and there
are a bunch of guys competing and
they're a bunch of cheerleaders on the
sidelines this is wholesome the way beer
ads are wholesome so don't get me wrong
beer ads sexualized women as well and so
we've sexualized this part of the NFL
and I say NFL that also at the
collegiate level you know they're
cheerleaders in college that's where
there's a lot of cheerleading going on
and high school as well but just the
point I want to make is that's a much
more complicated complicated picture
than just the wholesomeness of the
sideline let's go team touchdown
touchdown well and I mean the NFL has a
lot to answer for right it's the
treatment if the culture around the
treatment of the cheerleaders it is the
names of these teams it's the way that
they've treated Colin Kaepernick and as
we said an earlier story the brain
injuries the again I just I think there
needs to be some sort of a reassessment
I guess I should say of what this
pastime this American pastime is giving
us or the fact that we need to figure
out how to hold them accountable as a
nonprofit right as a no traction okay
they absolutely pay no tax
so you you know we're sitting with our
hard-earned money to buy seats to go to
these games or to watch Super Bowl or
whatnot and advertisers are paying
millions upon millions of dollars to
support this company that is a
non-profit and so where where's our
money going and who is it supporting and
who's who's really like rolling in the
dough around that and so I just I just
urge folks to really just reassess this
this organization and now they have by
the way they do pay taxes now but for
years the NFL paid no taxes but I think
your fundamental point is look this is
an industry that we have really allowed
to skate and it's pretty much been the
Wild West they've done whatever they
wanted including you could argue
colluding against certain players like
Colin Kaepernick there's a reason that
guy can't get a job and it may have to
do with an agreement of sorts even it's
not a formal one it's an informal one
so yes the NFL has been allowed to skate
too easy wastefully own Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
