the Trump administration is hard at work
attempting to reverse the President
Obama's efforts to increase fuel
efficiency standards in the USA and now
we've actually got a better idea of how
devastating their efforts could actually
be in terms of energy use and money
you're going to have to spend to fuel up
your car
so we're referring to happened last
month that was when EPA Administrator
Scott Pruett announced that the agency
will abandon the long term fuel economy
standards developed by the Obama
administration for 2022 to 2025
declaring without providing any evidence
that they are too high the costs a
coalition of 17 states and DC filed suit
against the administration on Tuesday
charging that it acted arbitrarily and
capriciously in jettisoning those
requirements hold off one second on that
by the way and we return to a lot of
topics like this the reason is this is
one of the areas I was most worried
about if Donald Trump got to be
President that he would be able to not
only not take us further down the path
we need to go on to modernize our energy
of production and consumption and
transportation but also make it that
much more difficult for us to do
anything about climate change he's
actually doing worse than that he is
reversing basically everything that
Barack Obama did this is one of the
areas where he wasn't perfect but he did
quite a bit of good especially with the
fuel efficiency standards that was
absolutely huge and difficult to do that
with all the opposition from the auto
lobby but now they're being jettisoned
and so let's talk about how devastating
that's gonna bring if you bring up this
chart a little bit complex but what it's
measuring bring that up now so is that
increase in annual US oil demand from
freezing those CAF standards so instead
of increasingly efficient cars we are
gonna have them to be blocked in where
they are now and so we're gonna need
more and more fuel over time until
finally in a 2035 that's 880 1,000
barrels
extra per day that we are going to be
consuming simply because we won't be
increasing our CAF standard so that is a
gargantuan amount of fuel that we might
be up consuming the reason that there's
different ones is it depends on the
price of oil and all of that but if oil
does not radically increase in price
we're gonna be using something like a
million extra barrels every single day
not because we're driving bigger cars or
because we're driving fast or anything
simply because they chose to reverse
these gas standards
yeah the cap stands for corporate
average fuel economy and the idea that
it's just about fuel economy there's so
many other things associated with this
rollback besides just fuel economy right
the the kind of cars that pollute the
environment that discharge not only
carbon and so we're talking about a
situation bumping the whole globe
climate change but even if you put that
aside and I don't think you can but
alright we'll put it aside for a moment
the poisons generated that are
discharged into the atmosphere create
all kinds of other health issues for
Americans for the Americans like the
people who buy cars and live here and
that these corporations really only care
about in the moment that they're
purchasing fuel and automobiles and and
and one more word on that when you look
at cancer rates going up and you look at
lung disease and cardio problems that
Americans seem to be plagued by they're
related to the environment that we
operate in so this is all going to feed
that these poisons that are generated to
the atmosphere that we all function in
there they're going to have serious
health effects as well as environmental
effects of the sort that John's talking
about um this the one continuing thing
that that always goes with these stories
is the handouts and oh poor huge
corporations it's just too much it's too
much for them to bear and then of course
we just had the tax cut bill where they
would do and I said everyone needs well
not everyone these top of the top end
corporations need these breaks because
don't you feel sorry for them and I
don't know how we continue to allow this
sympathy for a group that continues to
pollute and do whatever they want and
break any kind of rules and laws you
change what our politicians say and
think it every five minutes and then do
you still sit back and go oh well of
course they need it and also the people
that live near these things talk about
polluting the air and having health
risks and stuff that Mark was talking
about there was a story I wish I
remember who it was but there was a CEO
or a head of a company or they said oh
well would you live next to your plants
he was like hell no you
you know people die from this stuff once
it becomes personal they're like why
would you know who I am I'm rich I don't
live next to these places I have flowers
and trees because little things help me
live but well if anyone else it's what
are you worried about you just some
trickle down uh some change I'm gonna
toss it and to the point on your
bailouts that you're referring or you
were talking about corporate welfare
just not with the with the tax cuts and
the like there was a bailout of the auto
industry people seem to forget that in
this conversation because it's
conveniently forgettable since part of
that bailout was and we're going to try
to adhere to fuel standards and fuel
efficiency standards in the decades
ahead now that's all gone
right now there's corporate welfare or
the sort that you've talked about which
is associated with the tax legislation
and its way in the rearview the bailout
of the auto industry you know to vital
in industry for us to allow them to fail
and apparently to violent industry for
us not to allow them to just write
whatever legislation they want through
lobbyists in Washington if that isn't
convincing enough think about your
pocketbook as well because having to buy
all that extra fuel is going to it's not
like the companies are paying for that
you're gonna pay for that so all of this
extra cost is being taken off of Ford
and Toyota and put on to you and it's a
lot purchasing that extra fuel is in a
cost between 193 to 236 billion
additional dollars between now and 2035
and it will only go up from there if we
don't get some sort of rational
progressive president to put back into
effect these calf standards that is a
lot of money for you to have to pay on
top of everything else
- easy wasteful Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
