this morning NBC News had provocative
information about Michael Cohen
apparently he had been wire tapped by
federal investigators and beyond that
they had actually captured a phone call
between Michael Cohen and a number
associated with the White House which
should be significant it seems like when
we read that that Michael Cohen
president Trump had been talking
immediately after the raid of Cohen's
office and even more
they had apparently been wiretapping him
for a couple of weeks before that so god
only knows how much information they got
except that some of the information we
got from NBC News wasn't accurate
because apparently the wiretapping was
not what we think of as wiretapping they
had over sold the story in fact if we
bring up this tweet you're gonna see
that what they did apparently have was a
pen register on Cohen's line that
allowed them to log phone calls internet
activity but not the content they could
not listen in on the phone calls they
didn't have access to all of that I
don't honestly know if that would have
been legal it depends on what sort of
warrant they've been able to get but in
the end it turns out that what they had
on Michael Michael Cohen was not quite
as strong or invasive as NBC News
originally sold it and they were forced
to uh update that so we get the question
is why would they sell it like that you
know maybe I'm getting too
conspiratorial now but maybe the first
reach out was a so they wiretapped him
and then it went a little crazy because
I also saw a couple of supporters of the
president saying a well I think was
actually Giuliani instead if they did
this then this is a complete violation
how can they wire tap his phones and
that was one of my first thoughts - I
was like what under what basis could you
wiretap everything he's saying you know
this attorney fixer attorney and then so
I wondered what basis that could have
been especially with this being reported
so widely so maybe it was reported that
way and then afterwards they went it it
got this negative attention they said
actually no no no it wasn't that big of
a deal we weren't actually wiretapping
and maybe they did maybe some aspect of
it did happen they don't want that legal
ramification I don't know but it doesn't
look that good and either way it you
know it's I hadn't I hadn't thought of
that just taking it at face value it
struck me as NBC over running it and why
clickbait they got it a lot of tuned in
it became the most reference story of
the morning regarding this whole
investigation so it was about money
right that's all about clicks and
advertiser views and all that kind of
thing and then they have to walk it back
to the realities which are such what
John was saying is sort of like there is
a surveillance more than a wiretap right
just they're keeping track of calls it's
kind of what Snowden pointed out you
know Edward Snowden pointed out that
bulk gathering of information that's
kind of what they're looking at is sort
of the the bulk it's a smaller bulk
that's associated with that with Cohen
they can wiretap attorneys there's a lot
of that around like they can't wiretap
attorneys and it is weird because
there's an attorney-client privilege
that's presumed but of course Rudy
Giuliani himself has been involved in in
wiretapping attorneys and when he was
investigating the mob back in New York I
mean he was a he was a an attorney of
the state of New York he knows you can
wiretap attorneys all you have to do is
show a judge we believe there is
sufficient wrongdoing going on here
probable cause to the point that we need
to wiretap so this idea listen to hear
Giuliani on his high horse about how can
they possibly wiretap well they are
allowed to do it it's not like something
that's beyond the pale but in this case
it was more surveillance than wiretap to
easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
