there have been developments in the case
against the man one of the people who
assaulted a black man during the
Charlottesville unite the right rally
you probably have seen the video what
happened in that parking structure there
is a new development Jacob Scott Goodwin
a 23 year old from Arkansas was found
guilty of malicious wounding of a
malicious wounding charge the jury of
three men and nine women recommended 10
years imprisonment with the option of a
suspended sentence along with a 20
thousand dollar fine and repeat
rehabilitation plan for Goodwin his
sentence will be set by a judge on a
August 23rd for those of you who don't
remember here's a tweet from that moment
this is the image that really was
indelible there are multiple people who
were assaulting him the man's name is
DeAndre Harris who's 20 years old former
special ed teacher who was at the event
and got caught up on all the things and
yeah them it one of the men who beat him
up is going to go to jail what do you
guys think good it's not any more
nuanced right exactly like what else you
say this good you know I don't he it was
premeditated he showed up to the to be
protest fully guarded ready to do battle
so it wasn't like he was caught off
guard that he was you know taken by
surprise this person came to do business
of harm to other people there so again I
can't be any more nuanced then good you
know that's the the screwing you did for
the screen you get for the screwing you
did yeah yeah it's all you're exactly
right he's in militia gear and he was
ready to ride and that's that was a good
night out for him you know he got his
shot and it was it's it's it's
nauseating you know so yeah that the
justice system was able to come to some
kind of moderately satisfying conclusion
on this right you wish it wouldn't
happen that's why I'm being a halting
about it cuz like why are we even why
did this thing happen but yeah is it
weird that I'm thinking I see so many
incidents of violence where the person
doesn't even get charges yes a lot of
times its police officers but think
nothing ends up happening now you're
actually seeing some justice get done
period is there see
because there's video of it I think if
this had not had video accompanying it
you wouldn't see if justice done right
we have we don't have a graphic for this
but I did pull a quote from a Washington
Post article about the actual process of
of Justice getting meted out they said
the jury watched multiple videos of the
attack from different vantage points
showing good when hitting Harris with a
shield and kicking him while he was on
the ground other men joined in hitting
Harris with a board and a large pole
when Harris managed to get up they
yelled obscenities at him telling him
get out and when you watched the video I
just remember seeing like there are so
many people around here who aren't
participating but there were like like
four or five other cameras in every shot
you see people getting up there and
you're thinking like if there's no if
there's no justice rot out as a result
of this like where are we going to find
it so sure I'm glad it happened there is
more the other people who were involved
in the beating it has been reported a
trial for another man charged in the
Harris attack Alex Michael Ramos of
Georgia is set to begin Wednesday the
trial for the other two tyler Watkins
Davis and Florida and Daniel Borden of
Ohio will begin this summer by the way
DeAndre Harris was actually arrest the
guy who was beaten was himself actually
arrested and you know put through the
legal process for after being arrested
he was kind of the trial he was
acquitted already so the the the process
of justice continues for the other
people but his has already been opened
and shut very quickly this was one of
those things where they didn't know who
it was they just had the videos and it
took from August month is when this went
down to October for a warrant to be
issued for the arrest of the individuals
involved that's reassuring yeah it's
very reassuring and it's indicative of
how people and possibly how their minds
are changing regards to the in regards
to these sort of things because you know
stuff like this could play out in in a
court for a while but I'm glad that
people were realizing the severity and
the dire state of something like this to
take swift justice you know it's it's
you can't you can't get away with bad
behavior anymore
and I and I think a lot of people have
skated by be it celebrities powerful
people with bad behavior you know and
thinking that and it just perpetuates
more and more of that so I'm glad that
this is happening and just for you guys
watching at home it's not a black thing
it's not because he's african-american
I'm championing this know I would
Chapman and said this was you if this
was edwin our producer if this was you
mark any person that would fall victim
to this kind of mistreatment deserves i
have their day in court there is a we're
I renew here and that is that as you say
rep the guys and everybody around seem
to have a video camera there were a
bunch of people standing there a
recording that's what we we do have a
lot of video on this and as I say I
think that was the real difference maker
and all of that but but yet they're not
too many feel getting involved I mean to
be fair it's a violent situation and P
maybe not everybody wants to jump into
that but we're in a culture now where
everybody's taking pictures of
everything but not actually stopping
these heinous acts often yet then
there's the irony without that culture
that produces those people with the
video cameras we probably don't catch
this guy or the other guy and then there
is no trial and no justice done so in a
way it all works together but it is
still a comment on the culture today
people a question I was asked while
months ago was if you had seen this
happening Jason this is a friend talk to
me how would you react would you jump in
and I had to think like probably not
because it's a heightened situation you
know we're a fight-or-flight response
what are you gonna do die to but that's
funny that you bring it we're not funny
but actually on the mark mark now you
bring that up because now we I mean it's
it's I guess it's a plus that we're so
no sure you're happy with our with our
cell phone right you Mart you'd you're
documenting yeah right but for some
reason in a lot of ways it makes it less
real it's like it's because it's always
a cliche when you're like at a concert
everyone's watching it here they're not
watching it right here it taking you one
step removed there was one video that I
saw today of the original incident where
the videographer you know kind of loses
the shot because he goes into kick one
of the guys who's beating up the guy on
the ground and so you're just grateful
that there are other people to pick up
where
left off do you guys think that more if
more of these videos come out it's going
to erode from their effectiveness though
no I don't know I don't think so I think
they're so much of this had happened in
the shadows and in the dark and a lot of
the at least the racial violence with
police officers one of the things that
we're pushing for is more body cameras
more documentation we're still having
trouble with having those body cameras
and they get muted they get turned off
conveniently I think but that's
precisely because they are so powerful
right yeah exactly I think we I think
it's on the right track I think it's
weird though that if you do see a lot of
them you're like yeah just another one
of those things it's like what the me to
movement it's after a while you're like
oh wow that person was involved in it
right like you could summon a name like
you know I don't know just make someone
up and be like Oh were they and you
wouldn't know it's like Dylan McDermott
can you believe what happened with him
and you're like sure I just made that up
prob like there's so many things that
it's it is a wave of of movement in one
direction but it's tough to see the
difference between it but in this case
it did work out two easy ways Folio
interests want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
