there is a new walkout that is happening
today but it is different from other
student walk outs this one has to do
with people's walking out in in favor of
the Second Amendment so they say the
quote is students at schools according
to USA Today across the nation plan to
walk out of their classrooms Wednesday
to show their support for the Second
Amendment one of the people who put
together the movement will Riley he's an
eighteen year old from New Mexico said
I'm watching the news and I see what
they're saying well we have to do
something about this we have to enact
some sort of gun control legislation
because this is what the kids are asking
for and I'm thinking I'm not asking for
that I look at my friends and I think
they're not asking for that someone else
who agrees Zach Bell says it's a vital
part of our Bill of Rights I believe
it's important without it we wouldn't be
the country that we are today so they're
walking out as a counter-protest to the
individuals who have been walking out or
I guess the huge groups across the
country been walking out after the
shooting and parkland he so there's also
a an article from will Riley that he
wrote in there in the Carlsbad newspaper
Carlsbad New Mexico where he says that
you know Millennials are more
conservative about guns and want to have
guns in their parents word that's we see
about 66 percent of Millennials this is
a really weird number I you know I don't
I when I will say that I think it's
fantastic that young adults the youth of
America currently has the the
wherewithal and the guts and the
initiative to galvanize and mobilize and
do these things that's impressive
yes but I think it's a little bit lost
on this will Riley guy because we're
they're taking a stand so people aren't
dying it's not that we're that we're
saying you can't have guns just want
people to die unnecessarily at the hands
of guns and furthermore he says that you
know the Parkland kids have now
unlimited supply of funds and resources
from all these people that are
supporting them so that really rubbed
him the wrong way but I think in the
same and the same vein that the whole
conversations missed on adults who have
an issue with the Parkland kids is the
same way that this guy's missing the
point too and that's what I got from
reading his his article in the paper
yeah I I support their right to lock out
and to have whatever demonstration they
want to have
it's like they're doing it for 16
minutes I tried to find what was the
significance of 16 minutes when the
length of the walk out for the parkland
for the you know March for our lives was
17 minutes for the night was 17 for the
it was it correspondent to the number of
people killed and it was like that
amount of thoughtfulness surrounding
very you know well they wanted to be
thoughtful and not quite as thoughtful
yeah other protests I I think that we
are obviously all of us on this panel
support their right and and their
activism and associated with this this
walkout I wish that these kids
I think Jason said something very
important which is that there was an
imperative that those other kids felt
the Parkland kids felt that people are
being slaughtered and being slaughtered
in such big numbers so frequently that
something had to be screamed out and
this was a way to do it that they're
walking out for the Constitution and
protection assuming that they they care
about this matters I wish there was this
degree of activism associated with First
Amendment rights you know I mean the if
this is the beginning of that then I'm
really excited but I think this gun
issue is just more identity politics as
it's being played out the the last thing
I'll say is that parkland protest was
associated with modifying the
legislation it's not wiping away the
Second Amendment in this the United
States of guns
it is about modifying and responsibly
altering the gun legislation in this
country state-by-state if necessary yeah
we'll see and a lot of when you ask the
K the Parkland kids to kind of elaborate
on their aims a lot of them are like
just fulfil the promises you've already
made right it's like second amendment
okay good I support it yeah it's in the
it's in the Bill of Rights but let's
fulfill the background check promises
and go back to things we've already done
like assault weapons bans too easy
wasteful young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
