it is being reported that Meek Mill
sought a pardon via a trump connected
lobbyist let me break down some details
for you according to lobbying records
reviewed by TYT KC's firm wantem
International was hired in March by
robert rehme Quilliam x' mills real name
to lobby for a party by the President of
the United States for mr. Williams
unjust treatment and violation of civil
rights the government entity it says
Casey contacted on Mills behalf is named
as the President of the United States
this is referring to Kerry Casey who is
a trump connected lobbyist also married
to a former high-ranking trump executive
I want to get a response from the panel
but first let me break down a little bit
what's going on with mill mill was
released from prison on April 24th after
Pennsylvania Supreme Court granted a
request by prosecutors to vacate his
conviction due to questions about the
arresting officers credibility whether
he will face a new trial will be decided
at a hearing in June the 30 year old
rapper had been in and out of prison for
a decade becoming a cause celeb among
supporters who saw his case as
emblematic of a draconian and racist
justice system and what we know about
his affiliation with Casey is pretty
limited and I'll just outline that
quickly Casey first registered as Mills
lobbyist on March 12th 2018 her first
quarter lobbying disclosure form says he
paid her an unspecified amount under
five thousand between that date and the
end of the month on April 11th her
husband tweeted an article about Mills
incarceration
so is this significant what are your
takeaways from this story um there have
been stories like this before and I do
think that his story is very emblematic
as the the article was saying of Meek
Mill being the victim of being locked
into a system it was 2008 was the last
time that he was convicted of a serious
crime and then after that it was all
parole parole violations so I mean I
think the last one or one of the last
ones was popping wheelies on his
dirtbike and that's ridiculous that he's
in prison for two to four years so I
understand the indignation around this
and trying to figure out any political
route to to get out and even the
district attorney Larry crasner said
that he affirmed that the sentence
should be thrown out so everybody in
this political configuration was saying
that this is ridiculous and I will draw
your attention to something that half
actually 2008 Grammy award-winning
rapper producer John fort√© was actually
convicted in 2001 with drug-related
charges and you know who got him a
pardon
who pardoned him like one of those
midnight our pardons was george w bush
so i understand when these weird sort of
unholy alliances happen and not that I'm
advocating quote-unquote playing with
the devil but it when you're in that
circumstance it's hard to not be
empathetic yeah yeah well I mean I agree
and I think she's so I like to hear her
talk oh I had a cardi B moment just now
but I think the battle with the
disenfranchised people of color and
people of lower income neighborhoods and
come that come from these areas is the
the battle of between reflection and
connection like you see a reflection in
yourself the people that look like you
who look like you and and you know that
these things that happen meek release a
beautiful statement when he got you know
released about how it you know it's
great to be released but he knows that a
lot of people who don't have the money
and the resources that he have who young
black men who won't have the same out
and so I think that a lot of times we we
condemn you know people who have these
opportunities because they are not in
the struggle with us anymore amigas not
part of the everyday man in Philadelphia
even where he's from but the fact that
he moved something forward could be
helpful you know for those young black
men and I do believe that sometimes who
you know someone asked me one time about
an agent and they said what do you think
about this agent and I said I think he's
the devil and they're like well why are
you science women I'm like because who
better to represent you in Hell than the
devil yeah that's so that's an
interesting point so people are people
have some questions about how Meek Mill
got into contact with this person as of
now it's still pretty vague but here's
something that we know it's not clear
Camile came in to came to be a client of
quantum which describes itself as a
boutique firm in the formation stages
the company's disclosure forms indicate
that Casey has only had one other client
for about a year so it's still pretty
mysterious
I hear what both of you guys are saying
in the sense of like when your back is
against the wall
how can you fault him for trying to get
out of this system and something that I
that I learned as well as a huge
limitation for him was put on his travel
he's musician and that absolutely limits
his opportunity to create a better life
for himself how he violated one of his
right right yeah right and I mean and
how that must be so incredibly
infuriating one's like alright don't you
know just just be a rapper but only here
and just you absolutely have to limit
yourself and the opportunity that you
can dream up which is for a parole
violation and then in in violating that
you're trying to grow your career and
then you're getting slapped again for
that it's it's ridiculous and so I
understand why this has been so
emblematic of the system and it's just
an interesting story his association
with that two easy ways for the Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
