Facebook has announced that they will be
showing a new dating feature and
match.com the dating services of getting
clobbered in stocks already so Facebook
is launching a dating feature CEO Mark
Zuckerberg announced during the keynote
address at Facebook's annual f8
developer conference on Tuesday this is
going to be for building real long-term
relationships not just hookups the
opt-in will feature match users
specifically with people they aren't
already friends with Facebook users can
build a dating profile which friends
won't be able to see shares of the
online dating company match plunged as
much as 20% after this news broke so
what I would like to hear from you guys
is how soon are we all going to sign up
I'm engaged but what about you guys is
this something that you're interested in
are you surprised do you think this is a
strategic move for Facebook I really
it's tried to sell you quote unquote
paid fake news ads and you wanted to
sell you a partner like I'm just
dumbfounded by this if I could convince
you matha Zuckerberg did say in his
address that he will quote keep building
even while we focus on keeping people
safe so he says he can do both just just
think about the algorithms that have
produced the kind of friends on your
feed that you actually are not
interested in their baby pictures like
I'm sorry like there's some people I'm
like I'm like I don't even remember who
you are but I'm seeing these celebration
photos and you're part of my 20 people
that I can only see from my 3,000
friends okay great thanks Facebook I
think it's also in part an effort to
take away business from tinder which
tinder with links to Facebook profiles
or Instagram profiles and now I'm sure
people at Facebook were like a psycho
Berg also why do we need them we can
just drive the business here and then we
can populate more ads sell more ad space
and we can do the work instead of
outsourcing these profiles to other
dating sites yeah it's gonna be
interesting when they roll this out to
see which demographics sign up for it
because I know people of my generation
and younger aren't really using Facebook
as their prime
social media tool anymore it's not by
far its Instagram its Twitter I know
that my mom and aunts have a good old
time on Facebook and that's great for
them but they're not really looking to
dig right right well some of them might
be like they're you know I'm wondering
who they're really gonna be targeting
and how they're gonna do that it seems
like an app like a tinder has done
better than just oh and on Facebook you
can date and something that we were
talking about as well before we came on
to talk about this story was isn't
Facebook all ready to get David David I
know plenty of people that have met
their significant others through
Facebook or through Instagram I mean
these social media platforms they're
already you're already talking to each
other we know what you're up to you know
what I was laughing at my boyfriend was
laughing because my DMS already Laura
like super like send these weird
messages I gave him the password to my
like page because he hopes manage it and
somebody sent me a penis pic and it was
uncomfortable it was uncomfortable but
I'm so glad I saved me from that but how
you know how guys are different with
social medias because I'm sure he as a
straight guy has probably never been
sent a dick pic without no girls like we
I've been with friends before I
certainly have not received them and
that's not a challenge but like I'm just
I've been with girls before and you know
like my friend Darren Lee when she gets
sent like a photo
she'll it'll be like certain blurry and
then you can you you like opt in a
number of times before you see what it
is and you can get kind of a vague
outline be like I know what you're up to
I don't want that and so obviously your
boyfriend have no idea is like this is
probably a compliment I open all of it
doesn't because we get business there
the other thing that I thought was
interesting was that they said they're
not gonna match you with the people who
are your friends so do you really want
to be matched with the people who aren't
your friends on Facebook like your local
you know Trump supporter if you were
Hillary or a Bernie bro like who are
they gonna match you with like the
people who are know I mean I know that
there are billions of people on Facebook
now but that's just scary but it's like
someone that's not even in your realm
like I don't know because I feel like
we're dating
so you have a little bit of control yeah
of the geographic setting and that you
know there they just what is it uh one
of them has like a 17 page questionnaire
I don't know yeah OkCupid I was like a
long one of over there yeah yeah so I
wonder how they're gonna roll that out I
think it might be more effective if they
went into your friends cuz I'm about you
guys I've had Facebook for so long I
have so many people I don't talk to if
they went into your friends they did a
little data mining which we know to
camera general it appends it's super
comfortable way they day to mind that
and they were like hey take a look at
Sarah take a look at you haven't really
seen she might be open to it'll be a
thing you know why not people that you
already know that maybe you've never
considered before you could look at this
fictional Sarah you know whole new what
you guys both like food truck you both
tattoos lesbians go come on that's what
that's what I think that I would be more
interested in so you guys will not be
signing up yeah that's not happening for
me do how many times do we need to say
let's build up an airplane water two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you are notified of our
videos
