a group of migrants migrants or as Trump
has called them a caravan has been
making its way from Central America
through Mexico to the American border
here are some photos of the group that
has made it to San Ysidro and other
areas along the United States border it
has been months and months
there is one photo that actually made me
tear up I think it's the next one that
we have this one there so it's it's been
a long arduous trek to the border
twelve-hundred began the avoid the
voyage in tapa Chula Mexico and they got
to the end this one also made me kind of
emotional because I'm a wuss but this is
the Americans on the other side of the
border saying welcome refugees of the
300 that made their way to San Ysidro
and similar areas along the border seven
were allowed in the contingent the seven
was that was admitted included four
children and three women the the
children's mothers and an 18 year old
man so I guess it's eight that we're
letting the organizers said that they
did not know whether more the migrants
would be permitted to enter on Monday
night it took all day they got there
Monday I think it was 24 hours that they
were fully there Trump issued statement
of welcome and hope saying the migrant
caravan that is openly defying our
border shows how weak and ineffective
u.s. immigration laws are yet Democrats
like John tester continues to support
the open borders agenda tester even
voted to protect sanctuary cities we
need lawmakers who will put America
first what message is he sending what do
you think about the arrival of the
migrants at the southern border like how
it makes this texture and he sees after
tester cos test her out at his the VA
guy right yeah yeah a tester is the
person behind
I like having work tester talk about it
we talked about vengeful tweets it's so
bad he was probably just sitting there
like you know he's a migrant think is
like how do I work tester it I want it
to be like a board in his office like
the burn book and Mean Girls like it's
just like these people have done
terrible things and he's just going
through be like who am I gonna have yeah
I just don't understand how people can
see those kind of pictures and
hardened hardened their heart and saying
no right we're gonna turn them away
we're gonna abuse and mistreat them you
know I watch this movie called the
Kindertransport it's an incredible movie
about about the plight of the Jews
during Nazi Germany because people
always say well Jesus leave Germany are
they crazy but I stick around they try
they try to leave they couldn't go
anywhere they were they were denied
visas by every single country in the
world including the United States and it
was the same arguments that you hear
today
oh they're dirty they bring disease and
and they're criminals and they're gonna
hurt our economy that there are take
jobs away and and England was the only
country that said they'll take the Jews
except the only thing to cheer up the
children not the adults so Jewish
parents have to put their kids on a
train bound for England and hope for the
best that their kids will not be you
know abused or whatever it is and
otherwise they knew what awaited them
and we never learn from historical
lessons I mean these people who are
desperate we're fleeing situations of
poverty crime and death and destruction
and we just say no we're not going to
take you in it's incredible to me listen
I came to America as an immigrant we
were fleeing we were fleeing the
revolution and I actually when they did
the travel ban I got really upset
because I thought because the travel ban
they the way they implemented it was
that day even if you got visas we're
gonna revoke them so people were stuck
in out in airports and it were being
sent back to wherever they just came
from and and this is very reminiscent of
that and that I thought to myself what
would have happened if we had because to
get out of Iran was hard you know it was
it was and we had we had you know
resources but we kept going to the
airport the airport was shut down we
kept going we kept coming finally we got
here I can't imagine getting here and
having someone go get back on that plane
go back and who knows how you would be
treated by the officials as you're
coming back right things you know broke
up with them and then you like set out
this is why I don't like you I've
already you know but also like they
might criminalize you right exactly and
you know these people are fleeing a
horrible situation now I know that the
the bigger sister bigger system is
broken in that like it would be great if
we could help find a solution for these
country
so that maybe crime goes down maybe the
economy gets better so people don't want
to flee and come over here however as
you said if these guys have come all
that way and they're here it's just it's
not the America that I know it's and
it's crazy to me how a lot of these
people this support Trump that are from
the Christian side the religious side
how are you religious and supportive of
something like this mm-hmm there was
that the controversy last week that Paul
Ryan fire I don't think we got to it on
the show but Paul Ryan fired the
chaplain at the Congress he's like no no
it's not because he reminded us that
there's certain things about Christian
love that say we should accept
immigrants essentially and you spoke
about poor people how we gotta help the
poor right yes it's amazing well if we
had this attitude let's just take down
the Statue of Liberty or at least the
minimum just wipe off you know the
message on there about you know it gives
me your tired your poor your keep the
Statue of Liberty but we should brand it
with corporations that are given yeah
yeah it's much like a soccer team the
Gatorade Statue of Liberty you know it's
two things first of all one thing that
really pisses me off is when I see other
immigrants and I'm an immigrant and and
there's people within the Iranian
community Middle Eastern community and
during the during the elections I would
do jokes I'd be doing making fun of
Trump in certain ways and saying he's
anti-immigrant and there's so many
immigrants ago he's anti-illegal
immigrant and I'm like well what's your
name or like I'm Jose and I'm like well
good luck to you say and furthermore
though once he came in with this guy
Stephen Miller days now they want to cut
back on immigration now they wanted to
have test for immigration there's a lot
going on I saw a news anchor make a
great point because they're saying oh we
want to make it merit-based merit-based
sure I would love to have the best and
the brightest coming to America but that
doesn't mean that the best people
there's one news anchor was saying my
parents came from I forget where was
Ireland or whatever and they said my dad
was a driver my mother was like a
teacher she might not have gotten
merit-based but now I've become a news
anchor on it on a major network so there
was Chris Matthews and and and so they
are anti-immigrant right and
and and so it really pisses me off when
immigrants are anti-immigrant yeah by
the way tell your friend the door behind
you it's like I'm saying that that they
are getting US citizens in the sweeps
there are US citizen that are also being
swept up because they look different
yeah and the date to spend you know
maybe just a couple of hours or maybe
several days before they're processed
properly and allowed to go yeah so yes
this is a problem and the other thing
I'm sorry I know you know just want to
say when I saw Trump go nuts on the
tweets about the caravan obviously he'd
been watching Fox News and he's like
there's a caravan coming he is the most
paranoid conspiracy theorist nutjob
I was like relax dude it's just a
traffic jam and co-author this guy I
mean we had live in a world it's crazy
because you wash it off Fox and they're
like they're coming and now there's only
300 of them at the border and if these
guys are really in danger it's like
listen man let's figure this out and we
under people and you saw we saw the
pictures it's like like little girls
crying and moms or tired dads who are
exhausted from you know carrying their
kids it's crazy it's just crazy that way
that we perceive these people as this
grave threat our existential threat to
our country two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
