the Golden State Killer suspect was
recently arrested after decades of this
case going cold this is a man who killed
12 people and raped at least 50 people
Joseph James D'Angelo is the suspect he
has been arrested after all of this time
the Golden State Killer his last crime
was in Orange County in 1986 though his
first crime was in Sacramento in 1976
and over this time investigators weren't
really sure where he could have settled
in or sold down there was recent
igniting reigniting of interest in this
case thanks to a book from Michelle
McNamara and thanks to DNA they believe
this is the man now the DNA they sourced
was from a website in particular that is
a place where people can upload their
own DNA data and that's called GED
match.com and this is a relatively small
website it is a place I mean just a
couple years ago they were trying to get
donations from PayPal for it to work
it's run by two people but people are
able to upload their data and compare it
against other people's data in a pool
and see perhaps they have different
relatives or what-have-you
so it's not necessarily from a private
DNA analysis company such as 23andme or
ancestry DNA who specifically talked
about this because people were worried
about the privacy element in this case
because this data was sourced from a
relative of Joseph James D'Angelo not
him himself and compared against DNA
evidence left at crime scenes after this
they after they got who they thought it
was police were able to follow D'Angelo
around and collect more DNA off of
something he discarded it's very
interesting how this was solved but it
does perhaps have potential implications
for future cases and for DNA privacy and
data privacy itself
Kurtis Rogers who is from GED match
spoke about this oh then we were not
approached by law enforcement or anyone
else about this case or about the DNA it
has always been GED matches policy to
inform users that the database could be
used for other uses as set forth in the
site policy while the database was
created for genealogical research it is
important that GED match participants
understand the possible uses of their
DNA including information of relatives
that have committed crimes or were
victims of crimes if you are concerned
about non geological uses of your DNA
you should not upload your DNA to the
database and/or you should remove DNA
that has already been uploaded now in
response to this 23andme and ancestry
DNA both talked about this 23andme has
never given customer information to law
enforcement officials and we do not
share information with employers or
insurance companies ever under any
circumstance ancestry DNA advocates for
advocates for its members privacy and
will not share any information with law
enforcement and less compelled to by
valid legal process they did note that
they have not been approached with any
valid legal reasons so far though some
worry that after this case it may happen
more and more frequently as people good
nature or good intentioned people may
hope to solve cold cases about loved
ones using this data though the ACLU has
specific issues with this in terms of
maybe half matches so Jay Stanley and
ACLU senior policy analyst spoke out on
this by uploading the suspect state DNA
to the genealogy site the police in this
case have set a precedent for making a
crime suspects DNA public where will
this lead not all suspects are guilty
abandoned DNA should not be sequenced by
the government without a warrant
otherwise all of us are susceptible to
having our DNA sequenced at any time
because we all leave DNA behind
everywhere we go
at a minimum familial DNA searches need
to be subject to stringent checks and
balances and
transparency requirements more than one
person has submitted their DNA to a
database only to have a family member
wrongly targeted as a top suspect in a
murder investigation because of a
partial DNA match so this brings up
questions as to where does the future go
after this I think people will I mean
it's hard to argue against a serial
killer and rapist being arrested because
of this but precedents do set forth
other actions in motion perhaps not with
the same kinds of intentions perhaps
suspects who are not guilty will be
entangled in this it's tough millat
going on here it's an open source DNA
side as chemists and it's kind of like
the Wikipedia of DNA and everybody
contributes to it so if you think of it
that way you sort of understand that
there's an implied giving up of privacy
or certain walls that might be around
your data where are you paying for the
service you know or you were it at
23andme or some of the other ones so I
think implied in that in that open
sourcing is some vulnerability to things
that you you know may otherwise not be
going for when you first bone to the DNA
but there is there's an awful lot going
on here I just missed the good old days
and you can just walk into a bank with a
gun maybe not even a gun maybe just the
bag over your hand and go hands up give
me all your money and then just walk out
you can even put your name out there
they could barely track you at least now
it's DNA evidence they can actually
figure out who you are and and find you
not the majority of times but every now
and then you know what I mean justice is
served all jokes aside DNA evidence does
help with a lot of cold cases it also
helps with a lot of old cases being
opened where people that were falsely a
you know we're falsely convicted of
murder or rape which disproportionately
targets people of color as as victims of
this it's it's acquitted them
no no no it's years later but
happens all the time so there's good and
the bad I think over time once we have a
better understanding of how to analyze
this data and once there isn't as much
confusion surrounding the process we
will have a we will be able to put
better checks and balances in the system
so it's not abused I mean the ACLU had a
good point when the partial DNA match
you have a lot of partial DNA matches
and I could see someone being targeted
in a way you know if maybe that's a
partial match maybe I'll consider this
enough to get a warrant or or to
investigate further and push this to
someone who is potentially innocent yeah
I mean that's obviously the the real
significant downside cuz as Hassan says
there are these cold cases and awful and
this was a heinous heinous crime know if
you've read about the specifics but this
guy I mean yeah I mean a serial murderer
and rapist you think that would describe
a horror no it's the details of that are
even more horrible so the idea that they
use this method and the science to get
this guy even though so many years later
I mean the guy is finally nailed it
makes you feel good even though it did
take so long and so there are other cold
cases and it's it's complicated and and
I wish I could say yeah it's wrong to
have all this data out there and to be
used I mean Kim's right the the the
false positives if you will could get
you but by the same token those half
matches could maybe get you to the
actual perpetrator
I think it could certainly change how
detectives and investigators work it
doesn't necessarily need to be bad but I
think we need to consider these dangers
going in a lot of people don't really
watch their data as as closely as they
should I think data privacy is very
important I use the VPN
but it's just I think we're getting more
and more used to our personal
information our data even our DNA being
public domain or being someone being
allowed to profit off of it I think also
it will evolve the science will evolve
this is going to unfold in ways that we
can't even see yet so we're going to
there will be
there will be restrictions and there
will be limitations on how this stuff is
used but the science has to continue to
evolve and the way the scientists used
by law enforcement has to continue to
evolve I mean you know law enforcement
does have a history of abusing this sort
of these sort of technological
advancements and usually we put together
these like hawkish natsot concerns when
it comes to violating privacy and in a
very gross and very transparently almost
evil way and I just I always go back to
the NSA spying case and Edward Snowden
and everything that happened everything
that transpired in that administration
and how we kind of let things slide and
we don't even talk about that anymore
even though that abuse of surveillance
still continues so the fact that your
DNA evidence can now be used in a
similar fashion is terrifying because
the government can and still continues
to take advantage of technological
advancements to well law doesn't go as
fast as technology and I encounter this
a lot in different ways but this is what
in a way that could be imminently
dangerous or helpful we don't know yet
there's a lot of possibility two easy
ways Folio interests want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
