the US EPA has granted a biofuel wavier
to billionaire Carl Icahn and his oil
refinery now there's an there's a
specific law and it is called the hold
on the u.s. renewable fuel standards
program if you could put up graphic 35
it has a requirement for certain levels
of biofuel to be added to levels of oil
and this is to do three different things
it's to stop pollution it's to reduce
dependence on foreign oil and it's to
help the corn growers that contribute to
ethanol in the United States and so
under the Obama administration or
Obama's EPA there was this hardship
exemption that was given out to very
small refineries that could not meet
these standards and if if they were to
try and meet these standards they would
go out of business so under Obama's EPA
five to eight of these hardships
exemptions were given out a year under
Scott Pruett last year 25 or so were
given out one was given to CVR Energy
which is owned by Carl Icahn Carl Icahn
you may recognize as being a close
personal friend of Donald Trump he is
also a longtime Trump campaign supporter
and a longtime friend of Wall Street so
he may have recognized that he was a
special regulatory adviser to the
Republican president last August but he
had to step down after lawmakers pointed
out there are ethical problems with an
adviser who is also an investor and
thereby making money off of policies
that he might help craft he is under
investigation by the US Department of
Justice for his role in influencing
biofuels while serving as Trump's
advisor and previously they haven't
shown complete records but it was shown
that icon CBR Energy was denied this
very hardship exemption before under
Obama but has it now it's not clear how
much money he is saving according to
Reuters CBR has reported 23 million
and profit in the biofuels credit market
in the first quarter of 2018 due to what
it called a lower RFS obligation an
unusual return for a refiner that has no
biofuel blending facilities the company
also said it expects its cost of
complying with RFS requirements to fall
to 80 million dollars for the entirety
of 2018 from a previous estimate of 200
million dollars and from roughly two
hundred and forty nine million dollars
in 2017 now the person who is in charge
of the epa is scott pruett scott pruett
you may have heard of before in his
various money wasting expenditures
having 24 hours security buying a
soundproof booth for some reason he is
also very well known to be in the pocket
of big oil he has been working against
the EPA for years he has sued that
multiple times if you throw up graphic
38 so this is Scott Pruitt's LinkedIn
profile on it he says he's a leading
advocate against the EPA's an activist
agenda this is a man who does not care
about the environment
this is a man who is just another
glad-hander giving or selling off the
only planet that we have to live on in
order of short-term monetary gain to the
likes of Carl Icahn this is the same
Carl Icahn who if you remember back in
March made news again because right
leading up to Donald Trump's potential
tariff war with China he dumped a thirty
1 billion dollars approximately of his
stocks in steel so I mean obviously that
wasn't enough to get him flagged by the
Securities Exchange Commission in any
way because like that's just how
business is done obviously but he denied
any wrongdoing in that so we should take
him on his word obviously he's an
honorable businessman just like every
other billionaire in this country so
yeah that's that's what I wanted to add
about Carl Icahn
well it's just ridiculous that he's
saying he has a hardship exemption when
he's a billionaire he has so much money
this is not necessary it
another way to profit off of our
government which should not be putting
pocket money in the pockets of profit
ears and corporatists he could be a
billionaire and then have his company
separately experience hardship but then
on top of that CV R is also as xx has
reported 23 million dollars in profit so
it's not like it's companies doing
poorly either he's just adding on only
in the biofield credit Mon yeah so it's
way more than that yeah and he'll he'll
get tens of millions of dollars as a
result of this as as Hanna was saying
and and it's asan and suggesting he's
got this administration of wired he was
actually part of shaping policy within
this administration until it was just
too awkward for him to continue and it
prompted a formal investigation yeah
this is just another oleg arc who is now
part of the oligarch club that runs this
country now and i mean it really is so
naked lee obvious what's going on the
idea that he would get this waiver and
then as it said this generates more
poisons that are then discharged into
the air in other words there's there's
real damage being done here it's just
not a a Wall Street
smoke and mirrors type situation where
somebody's doing some insider trading
because they got some inside worth
that's bad enough having the system
wired up but there are real consequences
environmental consequences at the end of
it two easy ways folio interests want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a tu IT subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you're notified of our
videos
