after a historic meeting with South
Korea North Korea has announced that
they will be closing their nuclear test
sites in May according to the South
Korean president's office North Korea's
leader Kim jong-un declared I am NOT a
person who will fire a nuclear weapon to
the south or the US or target the US now
apparently the pun gay recites closure
will be done in public and Kim jong-un
had agreed to invite experts of South
Korea and the u.s. to disclose the
process to the international community
with transparency now according to a
spokesperson for South Korean president
moon Kim also said if we meet often with
the u.s. build trust and the war and
eventually are promised no invasion why
would we live with the nuclear weapons
now there is some suspicion that these
sites have actually already been toppled
from a recent earthquake now according
to the Associated Press Chinese
scientists have presented evidence that
for earthquakes following North Korea's
September 3rd 2017 detonation of an
estimated 100 kilo ton nuclear weapon
caused parts of the mountain to cave in
and as possible that radioactive
material could leak from the resulting
cracks no poon Gary was reported to have
experienced tunnel collapses which may
have killed hundreds of workers around
the same time so even if the mountain
has not collapsed it is possible the
tests left the site partially destroyed
now Kim has refuted these claims and
says that these sites are totally in
great condition but he says what he
really wants here is a truce with the
United States I mean it makes sense
right I mean the United States and North
Korea are technically still at war the
Korean War has never ended and while
South Korea and North Korea are trying
to reach a peace treaty to end the war
between themselves the u.s. you know
still has 40,000 troops on the 38th
parallel and is really involved with
South Korea's military military and so
they need sort of the USA's approval and
blessing to to continue on with these
peace treaties in a background
for that has really been all about saber
rattling you know there's been nothing
but war talk from both our president and
their North Korean leader it is at least
I mean even if what Han is saying is
true that is to say that there was
earthquake damage and it's widely
suggested that maybe these plants aren't
really viable anyway but even if that's
true the discourse for the first time
seems to be sort of a peaceful one it's
about getting to peace so I really am
paying the most attention to that and
even the effort to open up the process
and say come in you can inspect it we're
going to disarm all the talk all of a
sudden from the North Koreans is
associated with disarmament and peace
that really shouldn't be lost in this
process no I think but it's still also a
lot of talk a lot of people who are
still like I we don't believe this it's
more of just like after Friday we got
this document that they both send where
they agreed that they have common goals
and now we're hearing hey now I'm gonna
do this and even more so I'm gonna do it
in public but still no date or time or
anything just so they said I'm a-gonna
the meeting no they said they're gonna
shut down their new Saturday but but but
to your point but what's to your point
it's a process I agree there are not a
lot of specifics in and that's the way
things get derailed well you know it's
not happening quickly enough it's not
it's not happening or earnest play
enough I mean but it is a process you
know so I do think that you have to keep
your eye on that process and there are a
lot of things I know you Hannah you're
gonna continue to point out a couple of
the other things are being said out of
South Korea that I think are associated
with trying to move that process along
and suck in our president in a peace
process as opposed to my buttons bigger
than your a button that is the real
impetus for change here right at the
election of president moon who is more
left-leaning I mean if you think about
the fact that the past two presidents in
South Korea are in jail now for
corruption they were more right-leaning
they didn't want the peace it was more
of like my buttons bigger than your
button that sort of mentality and
keeping up sort of the animosity from
the Korean War and now having a
president moon who wants the peace who
wants to
that relationship and put an end to the
Korean War that's a big you know shift
in the tide let me hasten add one last
thing before moving and that is please
don't light me up on Twitter about like
being soft on North Korea North Korea is
a horrible authoritarian regime they
killed an American as you know they
essentially boxed him up and sent them
back over here to die
other people are horribly mistreated but
that like understates it in the extreme
so we're well aware of how awful North
Korea is I'm just talking about the
peace process and moving it along in a
in a direction of peace for the first
time in a long time unfortunately to be
able to help a bunch of in a country
full of abused people this is the
gatekeeper this is the person that you
have to talk to yeah they do have to
negotiate that and a lot of people who
are you know like like you mentioned a
lot of people are talking about their
skepticism a lot of the people who are
the most skeptic are the people who are
in charge of sort of brokering some of
the peace here if you think about john
bolton who is you know our national
security adviser who is saying you know
who knows what will happen here there's
still a lot of work to be done and he
was the one who screwed it up in the 90s
when we were closer to a peace treaty
with north korea during the clinton
administration so having him part of
this deal doesn't make me feel super
confident in the way things are moving
but no i agree i completely agree
Boulton Bolton's not a great path on the
road to peace that's having him in part
of the process does not move things
along in what you say who seems to want
say anything is it worth hearing him say
like yeah we're not we're hopeful but
they could still turn all of this I mean
he is the one who completely screwed it
up in the 90s he has been known to be
just to fly off the handle at a moment's
notice I mean the only reason he worked
for the UN is because he got you know
assigned to it during a recess like
because because the I think was the
house didn't what he was uncomfortable I
mean so I don't
don't feel super-confident having him in
charge of that but I do feel hopeful
watching you know Kim jong-eun and and
president mood having these sorts of
discussions and hopefully it'll move in
the right direction yeah you hope that
the forces around Bolton are so
significant that current is going to be
so strong that he can't really symmetry
McGann stit that's the open you hope
that that current just carries you right
to the peace process two easy ways for
the young turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
