all right well over the young turks
thank you for John I roll over with you
guys in the second hour brett erlich
and margaret cho will be joining us
named one of the top 50 stand-up
comedians in the world by Rolling Stone
so looking forward to having her on and
we're in discuss some issues that I'm
sure that she has strong opinions on
including Quayle's yeah I hope we get
the whales whales is fun okay I also
have strong opinions I don't know if you
guys know that and first of all i'm
nikki haley we which we will do in a
minute i I have a theory and something
that is certain that is not being talked
about in the press okay so I will get to
that in a sec okay and then later in the
program Fox News creates a conspiracy
theory Donald Trump immediately latches
on to it as the some almost the entire
Republican Party and so we're off to the
races
yet another conspiracy and I don't know
within the context that story we might
even discuss how I now agree with
Hillary Clinton on a position whoa okay
so I don't know what that is yeah so
life is fascinating I kind of wall
streeter no no not on Wall Street but
wait a minute kind of I mean there's a
quote that I liked about that so this
new Hillary that's like way more
aggressive progressive is a fascinating
one I mean who can get her to host a
show you anyway
aggressive progressives co-hosted by
Hillary Clinton and Jimmy Dore now that
would be a show you would watch and
every atom of the universe begins
floating apart from each other
so anyways lots of fun exciting stuff
and as always of course if you miss any
portion of the show luckily there's
membership where you can get all of it
anytime you want basically like a video
podcast download its treatment do
anything you like with it and get our
seventeen other shows that are part of
the TYT Network
at TYT dot-com /join become a member and
build a home progressives so before we
launch into Gailey I did wanna say you
mentioned that you're gonna have a
theory for nikki Haley but you also you
had a big prediction that you are
running out of time on I don't know if
you remember uh midterms something big
was supposed to happen oh yeah yeah no
no it was 27 days left and I said the
Trump would be out of the white house
before the midterms okay that is looking
perilous at this I was having a talk
with brett erlich and i said to him if
robert muller hadn't been seen in two
weeks would we even know he's so
secretive do you have any idea where he
is yeah no apparently in the Bahamas cuz
up at Adam dude you were supposed to
come out there results before the
election so that I could be right
anyways what maybe we'll talk more about
that in a postgame and other privilege
of membership and later today super last
thing and then we gotta get to the
stories fascinating interview that the
members can watch live and about 24
hours before everyone else
Kevin de Lyonne is going to come into
the studio what 9:30 p.m. Eastern
fascinate is said his name okay
obviously Allison Hartson ran against
Delhi own and Feinstein in the
California primaries Feinstein and Delhi
own advanced and so now DeLeo enjoys us
the Young Turks it should be interesting
so don't miss that
it was super duper last thing on rebel
headquarters we had we're gonna have
tonight
a guy running for mayor of Chicago that
I think is super exciting like I'm
really jazzed about this guy and I think
he could be a leader for the future
based on what he's already done so don't
miss that either okay I don't know okay
well why don't we jump into it yep
president Trump's ambassador to the UN
nikki Haley has resigned this morning
surprising seemingly everyone except the
apparently two to three people that she
had clued in to this and if you believe
him Donald Trump who says he's known
about it for about six months
believe him if you choose to but here is
the president
talking about Nikki hailey moving on
Nikki hailey ambassador to the United
Nations has been very special to me
she's done an incredible job she's a
fantastic person very importantly but
she also is somebody that gets it she
has been at the United Nations from the
beginning with us from the beginning and
worked with us on the campaign it's been
really a long time very intense and she
told me probably six months ago she said
you know maybe at the end of the year at
the end of a two-year period at the end
of the year I want to take a little time
off take a little break and that was
doing the thing I think she did best at
the United Nations she got to know the
players she got to know China Russia
India she knows everybody on a very
first name basis and they liked her
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo he thinks
the world of Nikki and so we're all
we're all happy for you in one way but
we hate to lose you hopefully you'll be
coming back to someone different you can
have you pick
I like the last part was like maybe I'll
come back in some capacity yeah so I
have so much to say and then we got more
clips for you guys so first of all I
felt like her eyes were dying inside
like Pompeo and her get along great no
they don't she's like dying inside okay
we're gonna get to her in a second and
why she left
of course then it's impossible not to be
entertained by the buffoon that is our
president she got to know all the
players well China is Russia and India
well if you are ambassador the United
Nations that you don't know those three
it's a really low bar I thought he was
gonna be like oh the thing that she
negotiated was Botswana and Chile and
and Tonga and she put that coalition
together in a way I didn't expect okay
that's an interest in case the big eye
turns out she knows China and Russia
India you can't brag about
that easy thing to brag about okay I'm
gonna get the relevant stuff it just say
but but first I have to make one mother
silly points I'm forced into it I love
how yellow those chairs are in the in
the Oval Office that noble office but in
the White House okay
I've always noticed I might notice them
under previous presidents are their
fifth but now look at how unbelievably
yellow they're I hadn't noticed that
okay and but what I like is he talked
about how she's a good on a team or
something along those lines and
apparently she's decided to take her
talents to Los Angeles and will be
joining the Lakers with that outfit okay
no no by the way it's not a comment
about our outfit it's just a coincidence
that the outfit in the chair happen to
make the Laker colors I see where you're
going with this okay okay and and that
and the chair and Donald Trump's hair
match to some degree okay so now on a
serious thought this is the color theory
of politics yeah no I'm just a color
commentator on politics that's all
literally in this case so is everything
hunky-dory and she's had always plan to
leave look this is where our serious
analysis I hope gives you important
context so been covering politics for
over twenty years
every single time someone is leaving
they say oh no I have been planning to
leave all along and and then the boss
says oh yeah no I knew about that oh we
we plan this all the way long time ago
oh yeah of course and I'm going on to do
something really important it's so nikki
Haley what are you going to do nothing
okay so little wrinkle okay so I agree
but but we also in comparison to
previous people who've moved on from
their positions in his administration
some of them have found out about it
while reading Twitter on the toilet like
they they're very shocked to find out
that they've been fired
he clearly like doesn't want her to go
they're not fighting we've heard no
reports at they're feuding from the mole
in the White House so I think that that
makes it at least slightly more viable
no this has been planned I'm not saying
I believe it cuz I think he's a liar and
there's no way he'd admit that he didn't
know no 100% not plan and I let me
explain why so this is the most
important part no one leaves an
administration with less than a month
before an election unless it's
acrimonious it doesn't mean that it has
to be acrimonious between nikki Haley
and Donald Trump it could be as we're
gonna discuss in a second Pompeo and
Bolton etc but that is a terrible time
to leave as a matter of politics and
optics yeah it seems like the it's in
disarray someone is leaving wants to
leave the administration now what do
people normally do they leave after the
elections that happens all the time
after the midterm elections the other
Democratic and Republican presidents
people who had been planning to go or
even might have had a little bit of
acrimony behind-the-scenes but they keep
it together before the election and they
leave after leaving 27 days before an
election yeah oh no hell no that was not
planned something went terribly wrong
yeah so my best guess as to what went
wrong is I'm going to discuss a couple
of different theories here as to why she
might be leaving but that she laid down
a thread and said if this doesn't happen
I'm gonna leave now which would look bad
before the elections that threat was
that Bluff was basically called and so
she's like all right then I'm gonna go
before not after the elections and why
doesn't he seemed filled with spite and
rage because it's not about him it's
about the other players within the White
House he kind of likes them fighting
remember he's the reality show former
politics if she had insulted him no then
it's a totally different thing she gets
fired out on a tweet out of nowhere and
he says oh god she had problems strong
problems right etc no it's not about him
you know China yeah she I had to
tell her what Russia is but that one I
know really well okay so you're right i
undeceived fine but her and other people
clearly do not seem fine inside the
Trump administration so we are gonna
break down some of the theories about
why she left the political sort of
calculus here before we move on to that
though I do wanna ask you a question to
the substance of her time spent as the
UN Ambassador so when I found out that
Nicki
was moving on I largely felt who the
hell cares like I I don't think God
knows how much autonomy she actually has
she's undercut constantly by Donald
Trump when she pushes for anything that
doesn't fit in with his worldview i
think that he's surrounded by other
voices on foreign policy they're
absolutely detestable even more so than
her and on certain issues like with iran
she's pretty horrible anyway so my
question to you is did it matter that
she was in that position and will she be
replaced by someone who's worth so
substantive ly what was the nikki Haley
effect okay that's a great separate
conversation and to that I would say she
had zero effect
there's conservatives who are against
Trump today saying oh no nikki Haley is
leaving what a shame yeah if you're not
a neocon it's totally irrelevant so
she's a neoconservative or certainly
allies of neoconservatives they're gonna
miss her because she would stick up for
israel's right-wing government under any
and all circumstances would make
preposterous claims to defend them etc
so she's a deep right winger I you know
if there's a difference between her and
Bolton it is only a matter of degree and
maybe a personality and an internal
power struggle but they're all headed in
the same direction so I'm not I don't
shed a tear at all because there are
some people in the White House and in
the administration who are a stabilizing
effect on Donald Trump such as it is and
you think well maybe that's not such a
bad thing it could be worse than maybe
John Kelly who's chief of staff right I
mean it's a low blow bar right but he
could be worse than john kelly nikki
Haley what difference does it make
they all hate the UN she hates it Trump
hates it Bolton hates it they all want
to make sure that the Palestinians are
crushed and the Human Rights Commission
is crushed and any program that helps
anyone else in the world is crushed so
it makes no difference at all do you
think so the one case that people
generally will make where she seemed to
have a pretty different approach than
Donald Trump they look very least was in
Syria where she was more willing to be
critical of the Russians support for the
Syrian dictatorship today I'm the matter
at all yeah I actually think on that
issue she's slightly worse now why do I
say that now I think he's corrupt and
working with the Russians and I
obviously this big points of
disagreement on that but I think he's
knee-deep neck deep with the Russians so
I appreciate that she's a check on that
but policy wise he wants to go an
interfere in Syria unless she wants to
interfere in Syria more she's more of a
neoconservative who wants more war more
bombings she's worse than Trump on that
so like all the people who were crying
like bench bureau and other
conservatives today but Oh Nicki Early's
leaving well they all want more war so I
think Trump's guilty on working with the
Russians but that's a separate issue
than policy in terms of policy no no if
it was up to the Nick Nicky Haley's of
the world we'd already be in the middle
of a disastrous war in civil civil war
in Syria and to some degree we already
are but it would be far far worse okay
so yeah I was curious how you'd come
down on that because like like I tweeted
this morning just like I don't care I
understand that anytime someone leaves
this big thing like so many people have
left and everything but he wields so
much you know like unilateral power like
he's you know proto authoritarian like
what the hell does it matter if she's
there and she's a principled stand they
pulled out of major portions of the UN
while she was in there like what was it
really different than if John Bolton had
been there well look this is why the
mainstream media I think at a bare
minimum leans right and and right wing
establishment and that is why today the
right wing establishment and the media
is shocked and chagrined because if you
got Trump out of there and it was like
pence was president as an example and
the Nikki Haley's of the world were
running things the media would be like
hurrah
oh she's a stabilizing influence oh no
no it just means she's establishment and
the establishment loves war hates not
hates the rest of the world is too
strong right but but the neo cons that
is a wing of the establishment
don't care about the rest of the world
and they will do anything and everything
to protect certain countries but
definitely not others yeah so that's why
they're all crying and in that sense the
establishment is a little worse than
Donald Trump so in other senses Donald
Trump is way worse okay if I you to
think of one okay okay
but in foreign policy issues like this
nikki Haley I would argue is worse and
that would be sacrilege on television
right now everyone on TVs crying yeah
well I've always felt that she's the
Susan Collins of the UN so moderate so
moderating okay I'm gonna jump outta
graphic eleven as we move into the the
explanations so nikki Haley has left and
there's a lot of questions and theories
about why it is that she's moved on
we've been debating that here before we
get into some of the quotes of people
predicting it and who might replace her
one interesting thing is her popularity
despite the fact that she has served
very closely with Donald Trump for a
long time lasting longer in his cabinet
or in his you know inner or middle
circles at least than some people back
in April of 2018 a poll from Quinnipiac
found that she still had a seventy five
to nineteen approval rating among
Republicans and a 55:23 rating among
Democrats even that is a very popular
Republican despite the fact that she has
been serving with Donald Trump so there
are a few theories one of the big ones
is some sort of internal either power
struggle or philosophical set of degree
Mandir more other people working in
foreign policy in the Trump
administration generally the names that
come up are john bolton or you know in
some cases previously with with
Tillerson but then Pompeo later on and
so one of the quotes we have for that is
coming from john hudson who said that
haley had an increasingly diminished
role as Pompeo filled the Tillerson
vacuum Boulton asserted himself on un
issues and the US began withdrawing from
key UN institutions and programs
chipping away at her clout Haley's
influence at UN was blunted by Trump
policy decisions that many other nations
opposed including recognizing Jerusalem
as the Israeli capital cutting aid to
Palestinians and announcing a u.s. with
UN or sorry US withdrawal from the UN
Human Rights Council notably Haley's
supported those moves yeah okay so half
of that makes sense the internal
fighting
the other half is the kind of thing that
reporters right in Washington that
actually has no effect whatsoever right
it's maddening to me that they in some
ways I
it's almost naive to be honest okay so
she had didn't have enough clout in the
United Nations because we were
ostracizing ourselves from the rest of
the world and so that bothered her
no it didn't as he said at the very end
of that tweet she supported every one of
those moves that ostrich ostracized us
she is an enthusiastic supporter of
killing the Human Rights Commission not
participating in it protecting Israel's
right wing government under any and all
circumstances I mean you name it
atrocious right-wing position she loves
it supports it full heartedly like you
think that she's bothered that what that
the Palestinians don't like her as much
or France does not give her an elf clout
in the United Nations she care about
that at all not 1% it's a preposterous
thing to even discuss in in light of a
resignation like tip nikki Haley
resigned because she was worried about
what Indonesia thinks of her really okay
no that's not the answer that's not it
okay well let's move on other ones so
one of the big theories coming out of
her resignation is that nikki Haley
might be looking to other political
offices and either she wants time to
build up a donor base make connections
and all that or she feels that it's good
to get out of the Trump administration
before things totally explode all around
him but they definitely believe that
this is a about some future run and the
most immediate one that many people have
theorized is that she will challenge
Donald Trump in a primary in 2020 which
considering how collegial their parting
was seems a little bit unlikely but she
wanted to get in front of some of those
those theories and you'll see that in
this video for all of you that are gonna
ask about 2020 no I'm not running for
2020 I can't promise
you what I'll be doing is campaigning
for this one so I look forward to
supporting the president in the next
election look I think that if your
theory was by 2020 there will be an open
Republican spot to run for okay maybe I
doubt that she's planning for that but
the idea that she's going to run against
Donald Trump I think people are way too
quick to assume that that sort of
primary challenge is gonna happen or go
anywhere
that's another establishment mistake and
so they they think that everybody thinks
like they do which is they think Donald
Trump is a porn to be fair to the
establishment in the mainstream press
they do think that right and so they
assume that there are reasonable
Republicans and that those reasonable
Republicans could appeal to the
reasonable Republican voters and
overcome Trump in a primary what planet
are you living on what percentage of the
voters is that yeah no no no the
Republican voters are overwhelmingly in
favor of Donald Trump they're not
anywhere near reasonable there are no
moderate Republican politicians left at
the national level nikki Haley certainly
is not among them so she has great PR
team so that's why you she's got there
awesome poll numbers and plus it is that
it's the horrible shape that the
Democratic Party is in that they let
people like nikki Haley or be popular
when she's a warmonger an isolationist
etc but they barely laid a glove on her
and and so she's got a 75% approval
rating
when in fact her positions do not
remotely match the positions of the
American people but she well Republican
approval rating to be fair yes those are
Republican approval ratings yes that's
very important but even so and and so
but she's not gonna run against Donald
Trump as he sits today right so he's
very popular within the Republican Party
who had better even approval numbers
than nikki Haley etc so now
could she be calculating and and maybe
know some things we don't know about how
Trump's gonna go under in which case
there would be an open 2020 field well
that's a different conversation okay
okay well let's turn to another
direction though what if it's
corruption what if she's worried about
some investigation coming our way so
news has been going around and in fact a
big article about this actually came out
I believe it was yesterday actually or
the day before but right before the
resignation announcement and that has to
do with a number of free flights that
she was given that people are pushing
for an investigation of in a statement
the organization crew says that the
$24,000 worth of flights should be
investigated by the State Department's
inspector general you'll reached for
comment about this Haley says that the
expenditure she says only worth $3,200
should be exempt from ethics regulations
because of her personal relationship
with the businessman who paid for the
gifts which seems to me like I'm not an
ethics professor or anything that seems
like the worst reason they should be
exempted because you have a personal
relationship that's the thing that
creates ethical dilemmas in any event
there's a list of business men and women
you can see there she's like yeah yeah
no no I I've been in bed with these CEOs
for a long long time so you pointing out
my corruption now is kind of old news in
the irrelevant so is nikki Haley
resigning because an ethics watchdog
found $24,000 worth of questionable
plane tickets no that is for a
Republican that's not a scandal for in
the Trump administration they just
promoted someone accused of rape okay
attempted rape and he got the job anyway
they promoted him firing someone over
twenty four thousand miles or the plane
tickets no no that is at best the
beginning of a conversation no what in
the Trump administration resigns over
that not even close that doesn't get you
half a Prewitt soundproof phone booth
exactly and look at what it took for
Pruitt to resign it was the plane
tickets the phone booth that those
tribes I mean I mean there was literally
dozens and dozens of charges against
them before finally they submitted they
like nikki Haley making Haley's popular
among Republicans over that allegation
look if you're a reasonably uncorrupt
administration that would be a serious
allegation and Obama would probably
fired her before the afternoon was
over before Glen back got on there
that's an old reference but but under
Trump he's that's that's the feature not
the bug so no way that was the reason ok
well then in that case before we move on
to who might replace her you implied
that you had a theory yeah so look there
in my opinion there's only a couple
possibilities here so one is the
internal fights with Pompeo at Sioux
Secretary of State and John Bolton who's
a national security adviser so my top
theory is that she laid down some sort
of gauntlet saying hey I am going to
either you know have this level of
responsibility or you're gonna listen to
me on this issue or I'm gonna quit
immediately and not wait till after the
election which is when people in her
position normally resigned so that
doesn't affect the election so it's not
embarrassing so it's not a big
controversy now again to be fair those
are in normal time so if Obama's UN
Ambassador resigned 27 days before the
election it would have been the biggest
scandal of his eight years under Trump
there's so many firings and resignations
and scandals that you know this will
roll off people's back but still for
politicians
it's an unusual move and it's a brazen
move so my best guess is she said I'm
getting this or I walk right now and the
Trump people were like yeah whatever
walk right any idea what that was or
would be no it's got my best guess is
it's an internal power struggle because
as you mentioned earlier John Trump
seems unfazed if it was about him he
would not be acting that friendly okay
so it's gotta be her versus Pompeo or
her versus Bolton her versus Bolton is
more likely because Bolton is a
steamroller and he's a maniac so you
know and he was the UN Ambassador
earlier and so I'm sure I'd be surprised
if they didn't have conflicts over that
and it's not really it couldn't be too
much of a policy issue because she
supports neoconservative positions
Bolton is definitely a neocon he's one
of the leaders of the neo cons yeah so
it's probably just a personal power
struggle the
only other possibility is theirs well no
to be fair to one and a half okay
the half is of what we mentioned earlier
which is she sees an opening politically
somewhere and she thinks and she might
know something more than we know about
how bad what kind of trouble Trump is in
okay so for example she talks to the
Russians all the time in the UN right
it's Trump said earlier China yeah oh
sure she knows all the players like
Russia okay I don't know if she knows
something we don't know where she's like
after the election winter and Muller are
coming so I got to go I got to get at it
right so now that's the Chaffetz move
the Paul Ryan move so it's that's I'm
gonna move that up from half to a real
possibility and and and the third one is
just you know angling angling for a
position that we're not aware of or
there's a controversy that is way bigger
that we're unaware of an opening on the
view or well so there might be a
political position but again that would
be weird timing because you'd have
plenty of time because she's certainly
not gonna run in 2018 she'd run in 2020
presumably so you should have plenty of
time to plan this so it's that's a less
likely option but if she if she smells
trouble she might be just pulling the
chute so those are the realistic
possibilities and so this is a last
thing on it is it drives me crazy that
there's like two schools of thought
neither which are right in my opinion
normally in situations like this there
is the establishment which just gives
you and and they might think different
things but they don't write different
things so I'm not saying that the
reporters in Washington are not
completely naive so they might be
talking about hey is there a bigger
scandal we're not seeing but they don't
write it down so what they share what
the public is well you know she might be
having troubles with Indonesia and you
know and etc right and to be further
than they mentioned a Pompeo Bolton
possibilities etc and so they just give
you a nila and they don't talk about
what the real motivations might be for
politicians again they're not
emphasizing the weight
of someone leaving right before an
election that is incredibly bizarre and
would not be done for quote-unquote
normal reasons I remember when John
Danforth left as you're an ambassador
for George W Bush they clearly had huge
policy disagreements to the point where
Danforth I don't think liked Bush I
thought he was fairly clear about that
but he said his wife twisted her ankle
and everybody reported oh well his wife
twisted her ankle that's why he's got to
leave I'm exaggerating but only by a
little bit she broke her ankle but
that's not why you leave you an
ambassador okay and so okay so they they
report that as if it's real and it
drives me crazy so on the other hand you
have right-wing conspiracy theorists and
they're like oh it's obviously because
queuing on has said this then that and
can we just find a middle ground where
we're not credulous about everything the
government says and we don't have insane
conspiracy theories about government
officials but say hey here's a
politician who lies all the time because
that's what almost all the politicians
do and they're not they don't come out
and tell you the real reason why there
isn't when's the last time that happened
come on for God's sake if you're a
reporter
yeah the last episode was like oh yeah
me and Pompeyo hate each other he
stabbed me in the back I laid down the
gauntlet he wouldn't do it so that's why
I'm leaving so please like and there on
the ground
dig a little deeper find the real
reasons and don't believe or disbelieve
what the government says on its face
look into it yeah well we should
probably take our first break when we
come back we've got an ad attacking Ted
Cruz that is awesome you're gonna love
this ad yes
we'll be back we hope you're enjoying
this free clip from The Young Turks if
you want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
DICOM slash join today in the meantime
enjoy this free segment
alright back on The Young Turks a couple
of quick comments for you guys and then
we got a lot of stories Peter Hamby
writes in on YouTube super chat nikki
Haley was Ana toxic environment with
Trump running wild there's a smart move
to bail with how Trump has destroyed
what democracy he found yeah I hear you
it might be as like I said earlier if
she might be pulling the chute and that
might be a smart move but I don't think
that she really minded too much any of
his antics you know one outlier theory
is that she was the person who wrote the
New York Times op-ed and so it is
vaguely possible because it was a person
with foreign policy experienced etc but
if that's the case but Donald Trump
doesn't know it because otherwise he'd
be furious and she then knows even more
that we don't know about impending
disaster and hence pulling the chute
before the elections it seems
inconsistent with the least the tone of
that letter yeah that you would just
leave two months after it anyway yeah
and you know look bipolar Colbert writes
on T YT on Twitter hash tighty-whitey
live to talk to us then and he says
nobody do UN likes nikki Haley unless
you count dictators but that would also
be true of Donald Trump so not much
different there
jessica's voter rights in on YouTube
super Chan everyone your voter
registration can expire I did not know
this along with many others we all found
out when it was too late in 2016 no one
ever tells people that so check yours I
appreciate that
yes I've also heard I think it was
Tennessee people said that they did some
sort of big purge so you might want to
check to make sure that you're still
registered and a lot of states today was
the last day to register I think one it
might be Missouri is tomorrow so you
know if you haven't already registered
it is time to go do that you you got to
do it only 27 days left if you want to
easily do it you can go to T y-t-dot-com
slash register that takes you to a
government website you check check off
your state and then you find out how to
register okay so please do that alright
what's next job Oh
okay well the stakes in one of the
elections actually director Richard
Linklater has stepped into the better
over or Ted Cruz Senate race with an
absolutely awesome campaign ad that in
my view better over should have filmed
himself a couple of what months ago and
released but let's take a look somebody
left something on my door the other day
is it Ted Cruz toughest taxes I mean
come on if somebody call my wife a dog
and said my daddy was in on the Kennedy
assassination I wouldn't be kissing
their ass you stick a finger in their
chest and give them a few choice words
or you drag their ass out by the
woodshed and kick their ass Ted come on
Ted political ad paid for by FTC PAC not
authorized by any candidate or
candidates committee that's a character
actor let's see Sonny Carl Davis yeah so
about time somebody did this and and
look that's the thing about Ted Cruz is
that he's a wimp and we've said it about
a million times
and the thing that a lot of Democrats
don't understand and apparently
Linkletter does and so I greatly
appreciate that ad is that voters care
about only a couple of things you think
they're tracking trade policies you know
some voters who watch this show are
right because you guys carry your smart
etc and you might have a progressive
point of view it's but most voters look
for strength and likability okay and so
that's why Ted Cruz is saying he's quote
a quote unquote toughest Texas but the
reality is he's a total wimp Donald
Trump I mean I don't know if you ever
saw this old video we used to showed all
the time back in the day we probably
shouldn't but dr. David D Schultz in in
wrestling when John Stossel went to go
talk to him about where the wrestling
was fake he did something he shouldn't
have done and he slammed Stossel upside
the head and there was thusly got up he
backhanded him right and
and he said he said that's an
open-handed slab boy what are you gonna
do about it and that's what Donald Trump
did to Ted Cruz he said your wife is
ugly and you and I'm gonna plant the
story in the National Enquirer about how
your dad killed Kennedy and then I'm
gonna talk about it on the campaign
trail mm-hmm I just slapped your wife
and backhanded your dad yeah what are
you gonna do about it
well why don't we show what he did so
first of all just in case didn't see it
when I can show all of it but one tweet
lyin Ted Cruz just used a picture of
Melania from a GQ shoot his ad be
careful lyin Ted or I will spill the
beans on your wife to this day I don't
think anyone knows what he's talking
about there oh but he also put out a he
tweeted out a photo of Heidi Cruz that
he thought was ugly
our current president tweeting up photos
of people's wives anything or ugly and
then about his father said his father
was Lee Harvey Oswald prior to Oswald's
being you know shot I mean the whole
thing is ridiculous
what is this right prior to his being
shot and nobody ever brings it up they
don't even talk about that that was
reported and nobody talks about it well
presumably when it was reported they
talked about it but I mean what was he
doing what was he doing with Lee Harvey
Oswald shortly before the death before
the shooting it's horrible yeah so
people think that like we're
exaggerating over this so he called his
dad a potential assassin and let's see
so in response to his dad being attacked
his wife being called ugly something
something spilling the beans he has to
summon all of his masculine testosterone
and then he produced this I don't get
angry off
but you mess with my wife you mess with
my kids that'll do it every time Donald
you're a sniveling coward and leave
Heidi the hell alone so will you support
him as the nominee I'm gonna beat him I
love that pause that political
calculation obviously if I think it's to
my benefit that I'm set to throw Trump
under the bus I'm gonna go Heidi here
you go I do see a dad which is of course
what he did when he famously
pathetically phone banked for Donald
Trump
oh that that sad little face he has on
that's my favorite things we fared
that's his face so he's a wimp I mean
there's another word for it do you know
what it is in Texas okay so and and now
he's trying to pretend to these toughest
Texas plea please so look to finish the
thought about Republicans in general and
elections in general Hillary Clinton's
strategy in attacking Donald Trump and
what the Democrats often do with
Republicans is is unfortunately
ineffectual I wish it would work but it
doesn't work so what do they do they say
oh they're bad guys they don't like
black people latinos muslims etc right
yeah their voters already know that and
they don't unfortunately history is
shown they don't mind that okay what
they mind is weakness especially in
Texas yeah
so what Hillary Clinton should have done
to Donald Trump is what we try to do
which is call him a loser which is what
he is bankrupt six times pathetic figure
had to borrow money from his dad over
and over again would be nothing without
his daddy a spoiled little rich brat
right that undercuts his strength that's
a thousand times more effective now in
this case Ted Cruz oh he's a bad guy
dude everybody on the planet knows he's
a bad guy all of his voters know he's a
bad guy Heidi knows it her dad knows it
okay that's not the issue the issue is
is he strong or is he not strong and the
reality is he's a beta he's tough as
puddin that's
and so I wasn't really fast I want to do
a tale of two debates so a tale of two
debates in terms of strength so they
were supposed to have three debates I
covered the first with Brooke a couple
of weeks ago there were supposed to be
another one it might have even been
tonight a townhall Beto is going to do
it but there's not gonna be any Ted Cruz
because Ted Cruz backed out okay that's
weakness and I hope Beto will point that
out I don't think he will because of the
other debate in this tale of two debates
and that was the first one and Beto
seems really good on a number of issues
he's good in general but he had many
opportunities to attack Ted Cruz and he
refused to when they brought up these
things about the wife and his dad he was
super nice to him at the end when they
asked him can you say one nice thing
about the other candidate he went first
and said something super nice that
undercut his other attacks against Ted
Cruz and then Ted Cruz turned around and
talked about him being a radical
socialist that sure some people like in
Venezuela but I don't think in Texas and
so he came off to me as a person not
willing to not even be dirty but just be
honest about the weakness of this man
and how bought he is you know we saw
that during the last primary and so my
concern is that while director Richard
Linklater will make ads like this Bano
he seems to be more focused on just
showing that he's like a cool guy who
you agree with on the issues which again
like you said before I wish that was all
it took for you to win a Senate seat in
something like Texas but I don't know
that it will if I had the opportunity
and say something nice about Ted Cruz in
the debate and I have challenged Ted
Cruz to a debate and let me quote Ted
Cruz a sniveling coward comes to mind he
did not show up to my debate either so
here's how what I would say about him
I'd say no no you got to be fair to Ted
Ted has been great to Donald Trump after
Donald Trump insulted his wife and said
his father was a murderer and I think
the fact that he could get past that
speaks really well of them and that he
still has maintained his relationship
with his wife and his dad despite the
fact that he seemed to betray them in
order to get political favors from
Donald Trump you know that's I guess
that's a person who can just get past
being
slapped around by a better man or a
bigger man a stronger man but hey at
least he knows his role that would be my
answer for what I like about Ted Cruz
yeah or you know I appreciate a guy who
will defend those who support him like
yeah okay he didn't defend his wife you
didn't defend his father but corporate
interests that have paid for his career
this thus far he will defend them at
every turn a great answer say hey look I
know there's one thing you know about
Ted Cruz if you give him a lot of money
he will do favors for you if you're in
his family fifty-fifty
apparently less than 50/50 right but the
Robert Mercer and Rebecca Mercer that
gave him 13 million dollars in his
primary those guys he's actually loyal
to yeah and now remember better does not
take corporate PAC money so that's
that's why that what line of attack
would have been great this is an outside
PAC and they obviously didn't check with
them because betos unfortunately way too
nice maybe you would never would have
approved this ad yeah I don't needs to
metaphorically break a skateboard over
the back Ted Cruz that's what he needs
to do yeah I'm afraid he's a quitter
man it's gonna be a tight race election
night November 6 t y-t-dot-com /live the
Conservatives are either going to be
jubilant or despondent yes and so are we
so only one way to find out we'll see
you there remember remember the 6th of
November ok we got a lot more including
my one of my favorite stories today the
new conspiracy by Donald Trump on
undemocratic protesters and I've
actually pretty riled up about that one
so we'll do that when we return
