Tom Brokaw has been accused of sexual
harassment by Linda Wester who is a
former NBC anchor now in a series of
videos
Wester alleged that broke off physically
tried to force her to kiss him on two
separate occasions groped her in an NBC
conference room and showed up at her
hotel room uninvited
she said the inappropriate behavior
began when Brokaw groped her she says
I'm standing there and Tom Brokaw enters
through the door and grabs me from
behind and proceeds to tickle me up and
down so keep in mind that Brokaw is
probably the biggest figure at NBC at
the time and she is about 30 years his
junior
she then details a story wherein Tom
invited himself to her hotel room and
says she was sitting and I was standing
across the coffee table from him
approximately four feet away now I could
feel myself trembling as they stood
there I asked in a frustrated and scared
tone what do you want from me and he
gave a look of annoyance like he
couldn't believe I didn't get it he said
an affair of more than passing affection
now she says I protested and I said but
you're married and I'm Catholic then it
took a really dark turn Tom padded the
couch next to him and asked her to sit
down and then she details what happens
next in this video take a look as I'm
trying to show him I'm so not interested
and I'm so scared I actually decided to
be more direct and I brought up a case
of sexual harassment a recent case of
sexual harassment at NBC News that had
caused the victim a lot of pain and at
that point he leans over with his index
finger and puts it on my mouth just
silence me and says this is our compact
and at that point you took the same hand
reached behind my head and tried to
force me to kiss him Wow she detailed
this event at the time in her journal
she also told a friend and colleagues
who have also corroborated her story but
she actually explains why she didn't go
to NBC with her story she says there was
a culture at NBC News and
experience where women who raised
questions about misconduct get labeled
as troublemakers
it can torpedo your career I already
knew that so I didn't want to make any
trouble I mean we've seen that culture
even with the way that NBC handled the
Matt Lauer incident and Tom Brokaw has
come out he had his spokesperson sort of
say that this didn't happen that
anything that happened was you know
consensual but that she invited him to
the hotel room and that it was to get
advice that's what he said publicly but
then he sent an email to some of his NBC
colleagues that just disparages her
completely completely disparaging I'm
gonna read you a few excerpts and it is
just so beyond she says I was ambushed
and then perp walked across the pages of
the Washington Post and variety as an
avatar of male misogyny taken to the
guillotine and stripped of any honor and
achievement I had earned in more than a
half a century of journalism and
citizenship I'm gonna get to the rest of
this letter in a second but I want to
give you guys an opportunity to talk
about just the beginning of that using
his like years of being in journalism as
sort of a oh maybe it happened but like
I'm a journalist like okay or even the
worst thing the suggestion is that you
should just actually sweep that under
the rug because my commitments of fifty
years or however long of journalism
should should warrant me doing whatever
is yeah in in my power and it's it's a
lack of recognition of the fact that
there's an abuse of power that was
happening and not confronting that maybe
does really smear your your service to
journalism and I'm sorry that is what
journalism is about is getting to the
root of the story as investigating what
happens and to cover up a story to
deceive people I mean I don't know how
you stand by your word as a journalist
if you do everything you can to hide the
story I am uh I'm leaning more towards
the character calling so even if it was
her who invited a married man so her
he still went and I think that we get
down to so many questions of ethics when
it comes to people because of what lines
they stand on but right is right and
wrong is wrong whether you're a
Republican and Democratic progressive I
don't care what it is you're a married
man and a woman invites you to her hotel
room right and he said allegedly to help
her but it was her who made the advances
but he met her at the advances if that
is the case and I'm not saying that but
I'm just the fact that it was shocking
to me is that people are appalled when
they hear about cases of sexual
harassment when there's just been going
on since the beginning of time well but
actually he this is the investigative
journalist work that he did he went and
found out where she was staying exactly
and so yes he put that years of
journalism to you to work for harassment
for assault yeah I mean that's the thing
like I don't care I mean everybody can
do what they want right if they want to
cheat on their wife like that's up to
you but to put Duras on a woman who's
just starting her career who's trying to
advance within a company who doesn't
have you know you know real it doesn't
really have the ability to say no stop
what you're doing it's inappropriate for
fear that she might lose her job and for
fear that her career might be sidelined
at that point and what's interesting is
he does bring up her career a lot in
this letter and brings up the her lack
thereof uh when it talks about career so
she says my embassy colleagues are
bewildered that Wester who had limited
success at NBC News a modest career at
Fox and a reputation as a colleague who
had trouble with the truth was suddenly
the keeper of the flame of journalistic
integrity so I mean this is a lot um you
know a lot of fancy words but basically
he's saying she was unsuccessful and you
shouldn't believe her she's not she's
not telling the truth and that's what
happens in these sexual harassment
sexual assault cases is that people are
told don't believe the woman she's just
doing that to get her name back in she's
just doing it to get money she's just
doing it for what her stuff but you know
what and what I was saying is if you
want to cheat on your wife you can but
that makes you a liar and so why would I
believe anything that you say when
you're
when you are negotiable and that's what
I was saying you want to be an adulterer
that's okay but you're asking us to
believe you but you you lied to the
woman that you've been married to all
those years and that's why his
credibility is that question with me but
what I wanted to say is I went through
the comments of this article and the
assassination on the character of the
woman was so horrific I'll just say this
I've been sexually harassed by somebody
who's really big in Hollywood I've never
spoken about it because I know that if I
do my career will end today so if you
want to know why I haven't said anything
it's because I have children to feed a
family to take care of and I just stay
away from that person but if you want to
know why when many women don't talk
about it at the moment is because our
livelihood is is is that risk so if you
want to know why many of us don't talk
about it I would let you know from my
personal experience if you hear about it
ten years from now because it doesn't
matter anymore to me and I can help
somebody else that is why a lot of women
do not speak out about sexual rights at
the moment that it's happened yeah
people will ask why why now yeah I think
that's a really good point right because
yeah your of the retribution that might
happen because of it but also she
explains that she faced a lot of PTSD
because of this event let's go to that
video real quick but I didn't say
anything because he could ruin my career
I was deeply traumatized by being groped
and assaulted by Tom Brokaw much of my
work for NBC was going to war zones and
being in positions of real danger
I was nearly blown up twice I was
carjacked I had so many clothes scrapes
and had some transient PTSD but it was
not a fraction of the PTSD I have
suffered from this yeah you can really
feel the pain and and her sort of
revelation there and that's something
that we've heard echoed
just this week with some of the the
Cosby survivors right who talked about
this feeling choked up feeling shaky
even just seeing him yeah in court that
they still face this post-traumatic
stress disorder from having this
experience and so of course if you were
experiencing that sort of trauma on top
of fear
for your livelihood on top of fearing
for the future of your career yeah and
it's so courageous for these women who
come out it is such an obstacle to
overcome and they don't just call them
troublemakers in at NBC they're called
troublemakers everywhere I was just
gonna say and I think I want to also
address what the the framework she
offered which was that what she survived
in the culture of NBC and having having
experienced these moments of assault
from Tom Brokaw was more traumatic for
her than being in a war zone and people
will probably accuse her of being
hyperbolic but I can also say and I'm
gonna I'm gonna add my story on to here
being in a situation where there's a
hierarchy and you are one of the lower
ends of the totem pole makes it actually
very frightening and for me I even said
this my last day at my my ph.d program
at USC I was talking to one of my
advisors who has been my my longtime
supporter and amazing mentor and I said
you know what
I even have such a difficulty stepping
onto campus it's scarier to me to step
on campus than to go into a refugee camp
or to come out of a bomb and I've been
I've experienced both those things and
to go to a prison as well and of course
I don't live those things every single
day but that communicates to you how how
much to the core a situation like that
where you're robbed of your power
completely and you don't know what to do
can affect you as it affected Linda in
that video and I'm you know listening to
your story Ida you know what and you
know it's the other thing that I saw was
like he's he just groped her get over it
it's not rape it's like other people
want to qualify people's definition of
violation to their own person like being
groped takes your power away from you
it's not rape but it is it is a form of
sexual I think it was the continued
abuse and not knowing when it would
happen over and over again soon yeah I
think that's a that's a component of it
and he does he mentions that in it and
his
letter he says like she is upset over me
tickling her seriously so he admits to
doing it you know what I mean but can
you imagine a man putting his hands on
your body in the workplace that's that's
inappropriate I mean I think we
everybody watching this can agree that
that is not an appropriate workplace
behavior and that is sexual harassment
right and no it's not rape but we're
talking about a spectrum of sexual
harassment assault that happens and this
is on that spectrum for sure and a few
more things I want to read from his
letter because I'm like when we have
these issues right a me-too movement and
we're seeing more and more men who are
being called out for these behaviors
their apologies I think speak volumes
right because you can see if there were
more so you can see if they've learned
you can see their behavior and so he
clearly has not he says as a private
citizen who married a wealthy man he's
talking about her trying to get in on
her for marrying somebody who's wealthy
and then he finishes his email out
saying and no one woman's assault can
take that away talking about how his
family has helped with social justice
efforts and whatever so he has decided
to then say that she has assaulted him
by bringing to light his assault of her
which it's that is not the most sick
flip of blame and culpability I've ever
seen I don't know what is honestly it is
just but like that's gross versus what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
