thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt Donald Trump
continues to spread conspiracy theories
about left-wing protesters you might
think that if you participate in some of
these protests for instance recently
against Cavanaugh that you were and
impassioned citizens speaking you know
what you believe no turns out you were
paid or maybe not paid actually because
he tweeted this morning that the paid DC
protesters are now ready to really
protest because they haven't gotten
their checks in other words they weren't
paid
screamer's in Congress and outside were
far too obvious less professional than
anticipated by those paying or not
paying the bills he doesn't have much
respect for his audience when he says
they haven't gotten their checks in
other words they weren't paid yeah we
know what not gonna text means but his
theory there is that they not only all
of these protesters were paid to be
there they don't actually believe any of
it it's a professional thing but they're
also being again stripped out of their
money which is a bit of projection on
his part considering when he had paid
demonstrators at his first big rally
when he descended down that escalator he
didn't pay the company that paid for
them for months until they finally made
a big stink out of it
this by the way continues his attacks
right around the time of the Cavanaugh
nomination hearings saying the very rude
elevator screamers which if you don't
remember that's women who have been
raped
who dared to actually say so two
senators they're very rude elevator
screamers are paid to do it
so you read these especially the one
this morning and you think what is he
talking about that they didn't get paid
and it turns out it's actually a pretty
simple explanation if you bring up this
tweet it's showing what happened in Fox
& Friends this morning in 747 someone
made a sarcastic comment saying that
people have sent me lots of messages
that they're waiting for their check and
with less than an hour later he just
tweeted that that was the case so he
here's one offhand jokey comment on Fox
News and now the most powerful person on
the face of the earth is spreading the
idea that every
tester on the left is fake and also
they're not getting paid for their work
well look do you mention projection and
it's exactly right you gave one example
let me give a couple more so we know for
a fact the first Donald Trump rallies
today are real people no question about
it okay but the very first press
conference he did where he announced his
candidacy we know for a fact was paid
actors and just like he accuses them he
it did not pay them because he's Donald
Trump he stiffs everybody he never pays
anybody right because he's a liar and a
cheat and a fraud
so he assumes what the Democrats are
probably doing likewise that's point one
point to remember during the protests
against Obamacare what did the
Republicans do the Koch brothers funded
buses to go pick up protesters and
deliver them to rallies now the Tea
Party guys were originally upset about
the Wall Street bailout but if you
noticed they never protested Wall Street
never why because the buses picked them
up and did not bring them to Wall Street
they brought them to protest against
Obama care which the Koch brothers and
other Republican funders did not like
cuz it tax them a little bit more so and
they had they'd brought in Donuts we
talked about this at length back in the
day food drinks mate ready-made signs
and they poured in a ton of money to
create the aura of grassroots so
Republicans think well I mean we don't
have any real supporters so we assume
the Democrats have no real supporters we
have to manufacture ours and we have to
pay ours so we assume the Democrats have
to do likewise the third one is the
Miami rally so the Miami mob so this is
graphic 45 guys so this is back in 2000
this was the scene at a recount in
miami-dade in the Bush v Gore election
right now this looked like they were
angry people in Miami saying do not
recount we don't actually care about
Elections or democracy
we're so mad oh I don't want integrity
in our elections protesters right not
count a vote yes well it turns out it
was a great piece of reporting that
showed that almost everyone in the
picture was a Republican staffer because
Alton or lobbyists it turns out no
actual human beings that aren't paid to
do so go on protest
please stop counting the vote Hey and of
course that strategy worked they did
stop counting it went to the Supreme
Court in the Supreme Court with their
infinite political bias said yeah I
don't care about states rights we're
gonna make Bush the president of course
Gore did win Florida in the recount but
it was irrelevant by that yeah but
everything are not okay yeah so yeah
right so this is what the Republicans do
as a matter of course they pay their
protestors they have fake protesters and
they provide a tremendous amount of
funding for the protesters so when the
Democrats are actually upset or liberals
or progressives or women are actually
upset there's sexual assault survivors
and it's visceral and they go and
protest the Republicans let's be fake
George Soros no way it can't be real
people were lying about their rape yeah
and even and even the person who came up
with this conspiracy theory in the first
place in the first place Oscar and Omani
admitted that when she said on Fox News
that quote people have sent me lots of
messages that they're waiting for their
check she was kidding
she was being sarcastic and by Trump is
too stupid to realize Isaac oh I knew it
just like i sticked my paid supporters
haha did the same I'm gonna tweet about
it I'm gonna tweet about it you
knucklehead she was joking the whole
thing's a sham every every Trump
supporter now believes it and will never
be corrected on that yes and and look
what drives me crazy is they put out
this crap and now it is being repeated
whether to you know Shh show it or I say
here's the other side by reporters doing
a good job right but we're the Democrats
like the Democrats don't show equal
force where they come out and go no no
those are real angry people and they
should be angry at you and they should
be angry at Kavanaugh and know you guys
are the ones that pay protesters where's
Chuck Schumer or Nancy Pelosi or anyone
today doing a press
about showing pictures of Donald Trump's
original press conference and showing
how each one of those guys is an actor
right and they're showing their acting
resume and going this is the fraud who's
our president who has paid actors to
show up to pretend to be supporters of
his then you know what the country would
be talking about we'd be talking about
that because that would and then Trump
would have to respond because it's a
personal attack and then we'd be having
a different conversation but the
Democrats never ever play offense and
oftentimes they don't even bother
playing defense so this is what the
conversation is about today and I
guarantee you for all Republicans and
unfortunately a good-sized chunk of
Independence they will think that Soros
actually paid those people to show up
yeah that will be the default position
and the one good thing out of that I
think is that they will be convinced
that there's not actual anger or
opposition to what they're doing it's
just paid for it won't actually
materialize which means that if it's not
real at the protest it's not a threat on
Election Day but you have an opportunity
to actually prove them wrong by voting
and by flipping control of at least one
if not two chambers of Congress look I'm
gonna say something here that is
slightly self-serving but there's a ice
there's a good reason for saying it look
think about what the world looks like
without the TYT Network
who the hell's fighting back who's gonna
fight back for you what Schumer Pelosi
they're gonna fight back
who did Steny Hoyer he's gonna fight
back for you guys but I was gonna fight
back against Donald Trump and actually
do these videos and show you what the
reality is what the facts are okay
there'll be a couple of muted articles
written and bless their hearts and we
really appreciate it
okay but this is why we call it home of
progressives because unlike the other
mealy-mouthed people we are willing to
actually aggressively make the
progressive case and the great news for
us is we have the facts on our side and
that's what drives me crazy about the
other Democrats they have all the facts
and they won't fight but we will so help
us build this bastion of independent
media which is Homa progressives become
member today tea y-t-dot-com sighs join
so that we can make this bigger and
bigger and they could never get rid of
us and if you do it based on subscribers
like you guys that is a strength that
they cannot move otherwise they can
attack you financially this way or that
way ads the monetization they can do a
thousand different things but if we have
a hundred thousand subscribers pay
subscribers to the Young Turks they can
never ever move us and we'll always be
there to fight for you guys t
y-t-dot-com slash join don't let him get
away with this crap the TYT Plus app is
now available on iOS and Android
download to get more tea party content
at TYT comm slash app
