as Donald Trump and the Republicans were
trying to sell their tax plan last year
they assured us as the GOP always does
when it comes for tax cuts when that
time comes that it would be a massive
adrenalin shot to the economy so let's
take a look at the evidence and see if
they were right gross domestic product
GDP a broad measure of goods and
services produced in the u.s. rose an
annual rate of 2.3 percent from January
through March that's good the figure was
lower than the fourth quarter of last
year though when GDP grew at a rate of
2.9 percent and the third quarter which
saw an increase of 3.2 percent now we do
have to bear in mind that all quarters
aren't equal and the first quarter isn't
necessarily as productive as later
quarters that is certainly true however
if this is the first quarter where we
had the effect of the tax cuts it's
supposed to be a gigantic shot in the
arm for it
and by the way he said Trump argued that
the tax cuts which by the way it's not
1.5 trillion dollars between 1.8 1.9
billion dollars right now would boost US
GDP to above 3 percent so he was off by
0.7 percent and to put it in perspective
it was lower by about 2 times as much as
he said it would go up so that is a
gigantic swing in the wrong direction
and it only took between one and a half
and two trillion dollars being taken
from the US government u.s. taxpayers
and given to corporations of the
wealthiest Americans so mission
accomplished to make things worse that's
what it's great awesome yeah yes there
was this idea that this is what the
economy needed and that was the message
and and they are messaging that like
listen you have more money in your
pocket and everyone likes to say that as
and it's an easier sell when you do
attack that to be like we're cutting
your taxes no one's like people have to
know a certain amount and have to have a
sophisticated enough understanding of
the economy at large to then to look at
someone who says I'll give you a tax cut
and go no thanks that's stupid it's a
super easy sell this is where they have
to prove it down the line because you
can point out where all the benefits are
going and it doesn't go to the average
person in America but duh right this is
like I love staying on your show I love
saying it's a bread
I think you know we can't say like you
know it would take a lot of education to
be able to say no keep that but come on
this is what we've been saying the whole
time with the money there has been a
rate there has been a rise in wages and
that rise had been in effect there had
been a prevailing rise in wages for four
or five years but the problem is with
all the money that had essentially been
injected back into the economy that that
money hasn't gone into things like wage
increases hiring the way it should have
it has gone to like stock buybacks
things that go more into the financial
sectors the money that is in the economy
over the last forever many years has
been more toward capital than it has
been toward wages that's something that
doesn't stop that continues and I will
say that Trump's Trump's agenda when it
comes to business interests is he's kind
of you know gone to the middle of
America people and said like this is for
small businesses and workers it is well
why don't we give an example of that
actually huge the will return to the
overall effect shortly but I want to
talk about something that was pitched as
being for small businesses they love
love talking about small businesses I
don't know that they've ever met a small
business owner but they like talking
about them in their speeches so they had
one of the tax cuts that they did was a
change to pass through income which is
generally it affects small businesses it
can it can also affect wealthy people
who set up their income and their
corporation in a particular way so you
can have passed through income that
comes as a result of your one-man
business operation or one-woman business
operation or you can be Donald Trump who
supposedly is worth hundreds of millions
of dollars at the very least and do the
same thing but they said that changing
this to benefit those who do
pass-through income would help small
business owners well forty four percent
of the new tax benefit for pass their
business owners some of whom can now
deduct 20 percent of their business
related incomes goes to households
earning one million dollars or more
every year that adds up to 17 point
eight billion dollars in benefits out of
a total of forty point two billion
dollars
goes to all groups more than
three-quarters of the benefit of that
change goes to households earning
$200,000 in hire which actually hides a
little bit of the truth households
earning less than $100,000 which is what
I would classify as actual small
businesses are expected to clean about 7
percent of the benefit and I don't
recall them saying we need to reform
pass-through income so that small
business owners can get 7 percent of
what the the wealthiest corporations and
individuals are making when the median
household income is fifty nine thousand
dollars yeah even less I don't have the
breakdown for that unfortunate that's
the lowest increment that I can go down
to but it's it's pathetic it's seven
percent so best-case scenario there were
93 percent lying to you and what's great
though I think the good news is that I
mean very often I get angry at the fact
that all this information is out there
and people don't actually access that
there they're usually content to just go
to sources to tell them that they're
right already and tell me what they want
to hear but in this particular case it
might have taken 10 to 20 go rounds with
tax cuts but I think that the American
people are catching on because the
current tax bill has a popularity rating
of something like 26% which is very low
I mean that's lower than Trump's approve
that's smaller than Trump's base so that
is progress yes and there is more within
his like agenda that is explicitly
against small business interests we a
nerd alert we reported on Ajit PI's
moves with the net neutrality
initiatives those net neutrality
initiatives what they say are explicitly
for big businesses and against small
business essentially he's facilitating
it so that small businesses who need to
do things like buy an Internet access
package so that their employees can go
online and do I don't know the books the
distribution any kind of ordering any
internet stuff the way that the net
neutrality rules even are set up are
against small business there are four
large telecom corporations to make more
money and they make it more expensive
for a mom-and-pop shop to just set up
their t1 or whatever the landline is or
the connection is it's very frustrating
it's across the board and it's borne out
not just in these numbers but in just
the initiative after initiative that you
guys
yeah it like you even breaking it down
for their like it sets it up to make it
harder for these small businesses to
actually create jobs right that people
actually need and that are attainable
yeah the majority of American and just
logistically there have been reports
about how complicated and difficult it
is for you to go through the process of
setting this up knowing what your tax
cuts are how to best take advantage of
it the only people who know the ins and
outs are still the ones who are within
the financial industries sectors and
industries and you still need a pricey
lawyer to really figure out how best to
take advantage of it this is not the
people who are still trying to make ends
meet with their small business being
able to find some way to take advantage
of this huge handout that obviously no
one's able to take advantage of if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network comm slash join and once you do
you'll be saying get home like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
