so here's a pretty bizarre story from
over the weekend militarized cops at
tiny Georgia neo-nazi rally arrests
counter protesters for wearing masks
they cited a state law from the 1950s
that was initially intended to go after
hooded KKK members how ironic is that
they say a heavily militarized police
force of some 400 officers aggressively
patrolled a small neo-nazi rally in this
city 40 miles southwest of Atlanta on
Saturday and arrested about 100 counter
protesters many for the crime of wearing
a mask police officers arrived before
the rally began and approached a group
of about 50 anti-fascist protesters they
demanded the protesters remove their
masks or face or face arrest the
officers who wore bulletproof vests and
helmets and carried semi-automatic
rifles cornered the anti-fascist
protesters then grabbed those who were
still masked tossing them to the ground
and handcuffing them at one point an
officer pointed what seemed to be a
modified ar-15 at the faces of counter
protesters none of whom appeared to be
armed the lead officer in the arrests
said the counter protesters were
breaking a state law regarding masks
litter likely referring to a seldom
enforced 1951 law aimed at combating
hooded Ku Klux Klan members anti-fascist
protesters many belonging to chapters of
anti Farouk's Anti Fog groups known for
sometimes violently confronting white
supremacist often wear masks to avoid
being identified by both law enforcement
and neo-nazis so that's actually
perfectly reasonable you definitely
don't want if you're an anti-fascist
protestor you don't wanna be recognized
by Nazis because then you know these
guys will have message boards and they
go and they spread the identities of
people who are against them and
sometimes they take action this is these
are not this isn't a joke those people
are seriously violent people have a
violent ideology so what's fascinating
is usually the cops to be fair actually
do a decent job at these kinds of
protests where they kind of let whoever
the hateful people are that are
spreading their message they're legally
allowed to spread that message that's
part of living in a country that's free
and you have free speech so they let
them spread their hateful message but
also they let the counter protesters
counter protest and there's no problem
with that this is a rare instance where
the cops genuine
we seem to be biased because if you want
to go after for some sort of
technicality I'm sure you could go after
anybody for some sort of technicality
hey the guys who are the fucking white
supremacist protesters you're not in the
exact designated area where you have the
permit to protest so I'm gonna arrest
you oh this guy just fuckin J walked on
its way to the protest I'm gonna come
after this guy there's a million ways if
you wanted to nitpick you can nitpick
you know but they didn't choose to
nitpick the white supremacist they chose
to nitpick the anti-fascist processers
and said you're covering your face now
I'm gonna arrest you so you know hey man
listen maybe an investigation is needed
into the police department in this
particular town because oftentimes and I
this might sound conspiratorial but it's
not some police departments have
officers that harbor sympathies towards
white supremacist you know it's been
proven in the past we've cover stories
on it in the past wouldn't we want to
make sure because listen I don't want I
don't want to smear all cops cuz like I
said in many of these protests counter
protest situation the cops do a great
job and they understand free speech
rights when the Westboro Baptist Church
used to go to the funerals of gay
soldiers or funerals as soldiers or
whatever and say you know this is a
blessing that these people died the cops
did the right thing and they kept the
peace and they didn't you know try to
shut down the protests or anything like
that so I've seen them do a good job but
this is an instance where if they're
going after anti-fascist protesters
simply for wearing masks and they're
citing some obscure bullshit law no no
no you need to stand up for the free
speech rights of everybody not just the
the bigoted assholes but also the people
who are saying hey I disagree with the
bigoted assholes free speech matters on
both sides there
