thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt news has been
going around and in fact a big article
about this actually came out I believe
it was yesterday actually or the day
before but right before the resignation
announcement and that has to do with a
number of free flights that she was
given that people are pushing for an
investigation of in a statement the
organization crew says that the $24,000
worth of flights should be investigated
by the State Department's inspector
general you'll reached for comment about
this Haley says that the expenditure she
says only worth $3,200 should be exempt
from ethics regulations because of her
personal relationship with the
businessman who paid for the gifts which
seems to me like I'm not an ethics
professor or anything that seems like
the worst reason they should be exempted
because you have a personal relationship
that's the thing that creates epical
dilemmas in any event there's a list of
businessmen and women you can see there
so she's like yeah no no I I've been in
bed with these CEOs for a long long time
so you pointing out my corruption now is
kind of old news in the irrelevant so is
nikki Haley resigning because an ethics
watchdog found $24,000 worth of
questionable plane tickets no that is
for a Republican that's not a scandal I
mean for in the Trump administration
they just promoted someone accused of
rape okay attempted rape and he got the
job anyway they promoted him firing
someone over 24,000 miles or the plane
tickets no no that is at best the
beginning of a conversation no what in
the Trump administration resigns over
that not even close it doesn't get you
half a Prewitt soundproof phone booth
exactly look at what it took for Pruett
to resign it was the plane tickets the
phone booth that those tribesmen I mean
there was literally
dozens and dozens of charges against
them before finally they submitted they
like Nikki hailey making Hailey's
popular among Republicans over that
allegation look if you're a reasonably
uncorrupt administration that would be a
serious allegation and Obama would have
probably fired her before the afternoon
was over before Glenn Beck got on there
said an old reference but but under
Trump he's like that's that's the
feature not the bug so no way that was
the reason ok well then in that case
before we move on to who might replace
her you implied that you had a theory
yes so look there in my opinion there's
only a couple possibilities here so one
is the internal fights with Pompeo at SU
Secretary of State and John Bolton who's
a national security adviser so my top
theory is that she laid down some sort
of gauntlet saying hey I am going to
either you know have this level of
responsibility or you're gonna listen to
me on this issue or I'm gonna quit
immediately and not wait till after the
election which is when people in her
position normally resigned so that
doesn't affect the election so it's not
embarrassing so it's not a big
controversy now again to be fair those
are a normal time so in if Obama's UN
Ambassador resigned 27 days before the
election it would have been the biggest
scandal of his eight years under Trump
there's so many firings and resignations
and scandals that you know this will
roll off people's back but still for
politicians
it's an unusual move and it's a brazen
move so my best guess is she said I'm
getting this or I walk right now and the
Trump people were like yeah whatever
walk right any idea what that was or
would be no it's got my best guess is
it's an internal power struggle because
as you mentioned earlier John Trump
seems unfazed if it was about him he
would not be acting that friendly okay
so it's got to be her versus Pompeo or
her versus Bolton her versus Bolton is
more likely because Bolton is a
steamroller and he's a maniac so
and he was the UN Ambassador earlier and
so I'm sure I'd be surprised if they
didn't have conflicts over that and it's
not really it couldn't be too much of a
policy issue because she supports
neoconservative positions
Bolton is definitely a neocon he's one
of the leaders of the New York Huns yeah
so it's probably just a personal power
struggle the only other possibility is
there's well no to be fair to one and a
half okay
the half is of what we mentioned earlier
which is she sees an opening politically
somewhere and she thinks and she might
know something more than we know about
how bad what kind of trouble Trump is in
okay so for example she talks to the
Russians all the time in the UN right
it's Trump said earlier China yeah oh
sure she knows all the players like
Russia okay I don't know if she knows
something we don't know where she's like
after the election winter and Muller are
coming so I gotta go I gotta get at it
right so now that's the Chaffetz move
the Paul Ryan move so it's that's I'm
gonna move that up from half to a real
possibility and and and and the third
one is just you know angling angling for
a position that we're not aware of or
there's a controversy that is way bigger
that we're unaware of an opening on the
view or so there might be a political
position but again that would be weird
timing because you'd have plenty of time
because she's certainly not gonna run in
2018 she'd run in 2020 presumably so you
should have plenty of time to plan this
so it's that's a less likely option but
if she if she smells trouble she might
be just pone the chute so those are the
realistic possibilities and so this is a
last thing on it is it drives me crazy
that there's like two schools of thought
neither which are right in my opinion
normally in situations like this there
is the establishment which just gives
you and and they might think different
things but they don't write different
things so I'm not saying that the
reporters in Washington are completely
naive so they might be talking about hey
is there a bigger scandal we're not
seeing but they don't write it down so
what they share what the public is well
you know she might be having troubles
with Indonesia and you know and etc
right and to be fair to them they
mentioned the Pompeo Bolton
possibilities etc and so they just give
you a nila and they don't talk about
what the real motivations might be for
politicians again they're not
emphasizing the weight of someone
leaving right before an election that is
incredibly bizarre and would not be done
for quote-unquote normal reasons I
remember when John Danforth left as
you're an ambassador for George W Bush
they clearly had huge policy
disagreements to the point where
Danforth I don't think like the bush I
thought he was fairly clear about that
but he said his wife twisted her ankle
and everybody reported oh well his wife
twisted her ankle that's why he's got to
leave I'm exaggerating but only by a
little bit she broke her ankle but
that's not why you leave you an
ambassador ok and so ok so they they
report that as if it's real and it
drives me crazy
so on the other hand you have right-wing
conspiracy theorists and they're like oh
it's obviously because queuing on has
said this than that and can we just find
a middle ground where we're not
credulous about everything the
government says and we don't have insane
conspiracy theories about government
officials but say hey here's a
politician who lies all the time because
that's what almost all the politicians
do and they're not they don't come out
and tell you the real reason why there
isn't when's the last time that happened
come on for God's sake if you're a
reporter yes last episode it was like oh
yeah me and Pompeyo hate each other he
stabbed me in the back I laid down the
gauntlet he wouldn't do it so that's why
I'm leaving so please like and they're
on the ground dig a little deeper find
the real reasons and don't believe or
disbelieve what the government says on
its face look into it on the go don't
worry we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
