Donald Trump is the type of person who
loves to talk and sometimes his own
words end up coming back to haunt him
nothing made that more abundantly clear
to me than his recent interview with Fox
& Friends
now during this interview there were a
number admit of admissions that he made
that could get him and his attorney
Michael Cohen into quite a bit of
trouble now first off let's discuss the
fact that Michael Cohen is facing a
lawsuit by stormy Daniels an adult
actress who adult porn actress who is
suing him for defamation and the
allegations are that Michael Cohen had
paid off stormy Daniels days before the
election so she wouldn't say anything
about her sexual relationship with
Donald Trump now previously Donald Trump
alleged that he knew nothing about that
payment and then all of a sudden during
an interview with Fox & Friends
he said this Michael would represent me
and represent me on some things he
represents me like with this crazy
stormy Daniels deal he represented me
and you know from what I see he did
absolutely nothing wrong
oops but but why did you say that like
does he know that Fox and Friends might
be his friends but that this interview
will be broadcast to the world like this
is not a private conversation homeboy
what are you doing this is insane
but I love that he did it now previously
Trump had said this about the stormy
Daniels case
now remember Michael Cohen is facing
this investigation for making an
improper campaign donation right because
he's doing this to help Trump's campaign
while he's running for president and the
way in which this happened and the
amount in which he spent is unlawful
according to the allegations and so yeah
like I guess Trump threw him under the
bus in this case yeah he could I think
Trump's high ground on this would be
look I don't know what he did was stormy
Daniels I just knew that there are these
allegations from her and she was
hassling me and I wanted to be dealing
with it and so he dealt with it any way
he wanted to but yeah it was a you could
see that he was just popping off about
stuff during that whole Fox and Friends
thing and he was feeling good about
popping off about things but he's
reckless when he pops off and so it gets
better I mean he just it's one admission
after the next throughout this an
interview and again I don't know what
happened I feel like maybe the military
is testing out a new truth serum and
they thought it would be fun to test it
out on Trump right before going on Fox
and Friends it seems as though he's
completely unaware that this is being
broadcast to the world of course he was
aware it's just he doesn't seem to know
that or realize that his own words get
him and the people around him into a lot
of trouble now the attorney for stormy
Daniels Michael avenatti said that Trump
had made a quote hugely damaging
admission he also tweeted thank you Fox
and Friends for having mr. Trump on this
morning to discuss Michael Cohen and our
case very informative so we'll see how
this all plays out but I will say I
never get too excited over what seems to
be incriminating evidence because he
seems to get away with everything I
agree I agree excuse me when uh he talks
a lot and it's true there's a lot of
damage when he talks but if he could
talk he could talk his way out of that
whole thing about you know grabbing her
P I think that I I think he can talk he
feels is that we can talk his way out of
everything
and you know what he can talk his way
out of a lot of substance he talked his
way into the presidency that's with just
utter flim-flam yes flim-flam popping
off her by the P like you I mean you are
one quote after the night I am serving
them up like a short-order chef today
cats you just watch the video by the
young turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
