breaking news story Michael Cohen is
asserting his Fifth Amendment rights in
the stormy Daniels case now he has filed
paperwork with the US District Court in
Los Angeles in regard to the stormy
Daniels case and here is what he has
stated based upon the advice of counsel
I will assert my Fifth Amendment rights
in connection with all proceedings in
this case due to the ongoing criminal
investigation by the FBI and US attorney
for the Southern District of New York so
this is the lawsuit that was brought
forth by stormy Daniels and her lawyer
and Cohen filed the declaration as part
of an effort to have the civil lawsuit
filed by Daniel's put on hold as these
federal investigations happen
I remember Donald Trump saying something
about only mobsters use the Fifth
Amendment I remember Michael Flynn
saying only criminals use the Fifth
Amendment exactly perfect oh I
understand one to grow on
seriously in a civil lawsuit I get it
he's in a world of trouble but that's
the whole point he's in a world of
trouble you don't have to use the Fifth
Amendment if you haven't done anything
wrong now that's a position that is not
a liberal position and every once in a
while I will go back to my legal
conservative roots so not conserved
politically but legally so and and I
briefly worked in a couple prosecutor's
office as an intern not a big deal but
but I get it I get why we need the Fifth
Amendment but it's not a lot of innocent
people who are like whoa whoa I'm gonna
do the fifth okay cuz I don't want to
incriminate myself it literally says so
that you don't incriminate yourself well
then what would you incriminate it with
isn't that sort of an admission of guilt
I think it is I know in our system
you're supposed to not consider it an
admission of guilt and there's good
reason historically why they have it so
that you don't torture people into
incriminating themselves although that
hasn't always worked either even though
we have for the amendment it does happen
from time to time but in reality who
pleads the fifth usually people who do
not want to incriminate themselves
Michael Cohen was
taken to the back and beaten with a
rubber hose he's actually guilty that's
why he's pleading the fifth and my guess
is he and his attorney are concerned
that if he does testify in this stormy
Daniels lawsuit what he says could
potentially be used against him in this
investigation that's being conducted by
the feds I don't know I that is my
speculation but certainly and also just
keep in mind he's already incriminated
himself he has made all sorts of public
statements that have gotten him in
trouble in the first place but that's
exactly the point so he was such a tough
guy
before the rates so I'll do this and
I'll do that in four years four decades
when he was working with Trump he would
constantly harass and and try to
intimidate people we're gonna sue you
you better was try withdrawal that story
you know what negative story about
Donald Trump we're gonna crush your
world and there's all these tapes of him
saying all those things and then because
they thought they were above the law and
nobody was ever gonna do anything about
it right but come to find out that he's
not above the law and when the FBI raids
your place and they have your documents
all of a sudden you're not so tough
anymore all of a sudden the civil rights
I have civil rights I have rights please
please for the madmen for the amendment
oh that's what I thought if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm /join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
