as the Senate gets closer to possibly
making CIA director Mike Pompeo the new
Secretary of State we have new
information about some of his religious
views which are not a purely personal
affair they could potentially have
world-changing foreign policy
consequences now some of this is coming
out of video some of this coming out of
a TYT investigates exclusive which is of
course exciting but why don't we go
first to video him talking a little bit
about his personal views on the world he
would work every day to make sure that
the Lord's work govern our actions each
and every day it was a remarkable moment
we are blessed to live in Kansas where
there are so many people that understand
that we will continue to fight these
battles it is a never-ending struggle
until that moment pastor folks Fox spoke
about until until the rapture be part of
it
be in the fight so he believes in the
rapture okay so I guess that's not that
surprising a lot of evangelicals believe
in the rapture should I define it just
in case you know some people might be
not familiar with it evangelical rapture
theology typically includes a belief
that for Jesus to return Jerusalem must
first be Israel's capital and the
world's Jews must return there Jews who
do not then convert to Christianity will
be destroyed in the end times but the
exciting part is that at some point some
percentage of the world's population
will be sucked into the afterlife
like immediately and so planes will fall
out of the sky and a lot of Christians
love imagining looking down on their now
damned former friends and family yeah I
mean so don't get me wrong before we get
to Mike Pompeo and very serious
implications I want to point out that
this is the thoughts of lunatics and so
I that means I'm offending about 25 to
30 percent of the country that's a sad
day for them sorry that they got
triggered by that what is far more
worrisome is not me offending them it's
them thinking that hey wouldn't it be
great if Jesus came back and then
murdered 7 billion people it would be an
army get literal Armageddon a Holocaust
like we've never seen before
now seven and a half billion people
would be murdered and these folks in the
middle of the country or all around or
like yes I can't wait for everyone to
die but I'm gonna get sucked up it kind
of sounds like Mohammad Atta hey I'm
gonna go get the 71 virgins in heaven
but meanwhile you could die in flames
and I'm super happy about that so if
you're looking forward to the rapture
there's something really really wrong
with you and you you have great disdain
for people around you your views are a
thousand times more offensive than meat
calling out your views so now that's
your applies to everyone who believes in
the rapture if they actually believe in
it and a lot of them actually are have
been taught this insanity and they've
been brainwashed and and they do with it
and Pompeyo is among them and he's
proudly declare and publicly now if
you're a plumber in the middle of Kansas
pump a hose from Kansas and you believe
this it's a sad day for you you believe
in you know voodoo and magic and it's a
sick particularly evil version of that
but okay you're not harming anyone it's
just seeing you sitting on your your own
Pompeo is up for Secretary of State so
Israel being the capital well that is
very relevant if you're Secretary of
State Jerusalem Idris VM being the
capital of Israel and by the way the
white evangelicals put Donald Trump into
office 81% voted for him eighty-five
percent of voter turnout and and so he
gave them what they wanted now why do
they want this because the rapture
because they really believe Jesus is
gonna come back and murder us all so
they're like yes we got what we wanted
and now is that really gonna happen of
course not that's a ridiculous insane
thing to think but what could happen is
you keep pushing and pushing and say no
because we need greater Israel if you
get in deeper into that theology of the
rapture
we need a retz Israel a greater Israel
so we can never end the occupation the
mosque in that area has to be destroyed
and so if you destroy al-aqsa mosque
well then a lot of Muslims are gonna be
enraged about that because it's one of
the most holy places in their mind okay
by the way that's also not true it's
just a building anyway but then that
could
lead to an actual war where no one not
seven a half billion people are not
gonna die you're not gonna get sucked up
by a giant vacuum cleaner Jesus is not
gonna come back but those people will
actually die hundreds of thousands maybe
millions of people will die and lunatics
like Mike Pompeo are looking forward to
it and have significant power Mike
Pence's an evangelical and now Mike
Pompeo could be the Secretary of State
that's the guy who's supposed to do
diplomacy and make sure we don't get
into war yeah well if you got this guy
he can't wait for the war yeah and look
Donald Trump at least pretends that he
believes this stuff I think it's it's
unthinkable that he would worship
someone other than himself but he says
that he believes that stuff and we get
put in a really interesting position
with something like Mike Pompeo and what
he said about the rapture because even
people like a lot of people in the
middle and some people who themselves
believe in the rapture will say that
we're not being fair in some way to
question
if he's in a position to make decisions
that could increase the odds of in his
mind of Armageddon or not and he wants
it he thinks it would be great and he'll
be fine and needs to happen why would he
not then make the choice that leads to
Armageddon or makes it more likely and
they would say that we're being
unreasonable but there's nothing
unreasonable about that if he actually
believes it if he believes it is the
best thing that will ever happen for the
rest of time and we've been waiting this
whole time for it and if it happens you
get to meet Jesus and you go to heaven
and all that then he's gonna do it
unless you believe that he doesn't
actually believe it which seems like an
odd position for a Christian to make
that he's just sort of being
hypocritical or fake about it I honestly
don't know but we have to take him at
his word he believes that it would be
awesome if Israel was utterly destroyed
it started Armageddon the whole world
got totally wiped out we are all living
in Mad Max that that would be absolutely
great he says that why would we not
believe that when he will soon be in a
position to possibly make it happen so
look and by the way almost all the Jews
died and yet of course the right wing
government of Israel supports the
monsters like this because they think
we're not it's not really gonna happen
okay we jut the right wing in Israel
would also like war so that's great
let's do war did you
and for they have their own different
motives how luckily there are more
rational people of course in Israel
let's hope they win elections going
forward so now this tape uncovered by
slate is from 2015 now cantaloupe is
seen reporting 40 whitey then found
sources at the CIA as of course Pompeo
was the CIA director under Trump and is
until he gets the if he gets confirmed
as Secretary of State and and it turns
out no within the CIA he was also
pushing his evangelical beliefs in
government so it's not theoretical yeah
he actually believes this and applies it
to his job yeah so as he said Ken clip
it's I and talked to Michael Weinstein
founder of the military Religious
Freedom Foundation
that's a watchdog group on issues of
religious freedom in the military and
intelligence community and Michael had
this to say
he is intolerant of anyone who isn't a
fundamentalist Christian the people that
worked under him at the CIA that came to
us were never confused they never had
time to be confused they were shocked
and then they were scared well you can
read it so like he's in charge there I
mean we're talking about elevating him
to an even more influential and
important position where he is in charge
of our diplomatic efforts and obviously
incredibly important in terms of war and
defense and things like that as well but
already this is the this is the power
and influence that he's exerting as the
head of the CIA he is already scaring
these people whose job is to become and
resolute in times of uncertainty they're
worried about what he might do before he
gets even more power well to be fair you
know um we had a Muslim president
previous to him who appointed a bunch of
Muslims who were implementing Sharia law
in our government pushing it on citizens
and and workers underneath them making
sure that we go by a specific rule of
law that's based in one religion that's
why we need the freedom of religion Acts
and things I had to make sure
Christianity is propped up we don't have
enough of it in this country yes
imagine the whole point being obviously
my sarcasm imagine if Obama actually did
1% of the things they said he was
implementing but this is a full-on
assault of the exact
same thing just with the choice of that
other religion but that one is okay yeah
and and you know look he's also been
associated with the center for security
policy he spoke on stages of the same
guys who've attended the group etc and
that is the group that has accused
President Obama of having a secret
Muslim heritage I like that that's an
accusation it's not true in this case
but and then what anyway a they've
charged that Muslim members of Congress
should not receive classified
information because no Muslim could be
trusted they accused Hillary Clinton a
to Huma Abedin Oaks having tied this to
terrorist groups why cuz she's of Muslim
descent so she must be a terrorist and
and they've lavish praises at klippstein
reports on prominent white nationalists
Jared Taylor lovely folks we have that
are now in power so as they vote on the
confirmation of Pompeo they should ask
him some questions which they probably
never will because then whenever you ask
questions about their actual beliefs
they immediately demand a safe space
they cry and cry and cry I'm offended
that you think we're all going to be
murdered in your fantasies okay
that is a far more offensive proposition
so I think a perfectly fair question or
set of questions to Pompeo is you have
stated publicly that you believe in the
rapture and that's what the government
should lead one do you - do you think
the government should help that process
along three what actions do you plan on
taking for when did you Jews all die
five when do Muslims all die six when do
all the Christians who didn't believe
the same exact things you believe die
because almost all the Christians are
also going to die unless they're special
evangelicals if you didn't get the
vacuum cleaner treatment you're dying
too and how do you think they're gonna
die and how do you want them to die over
an open fire maybe you want to run a
plane into them how would you like that
to happen Mike Pompeo because I want to
know and I need to know if our next
Secretary of State is a lunatic if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right
now TYT Network comm /join get the whole
young turks Oh everyday
