so Greg Edwards is joining me now he is
running in 7th district in Pennsylvania
I have declared Greg the front-runner so
obviously he is Greg great to have you
on the program
good to be with you Jake okay so Greg
let's dive into the latest in that race
so your primaries coming up on May 15th
which is really really close a couple of
weeks from now what's the state of the
primary right now
well yeah our primaries on May 15th
there are six people in the race and I
will gladly say that we are their
frontrunner we have out raised all of
our opponents we've received over 10,000
individual contributions averaging about
$40.00 per person from every state in
the Union we have several hundred
volunteers ranging in age from 18 to 80
from all races and socioeconomic
backgrounds this area has never seen a
person of color run for Congress and I
will gladly say that we have more
regional and national endorsements from
every progressive organization than any
other candidate that's ever run in this
congressional district and I'm proud of
that
ya know you've got all the big groups
just Democrats p triple c and the list
goes on and on so and then you got the
establishment not on your size so that's
a badge of honor listen we'll get back
to that in a second
but what part of Pennsylvania is this
district so this is the seventh
congressional district prior to it being
rendered unconstitutionally
gerrymandered it was the 15th
congressional district it's all of
Lehigh Valley which includes all of
Lehigh and Northampton County and
southern Monroe Counties so it's
predominantly an urban district now and
heavily Democratic it was an r4 now it's
a d1 I really believe that the person
that wins the primary and the next three
weeks is going to be our next Congress
person that is exciting because you know
Blue Wave election like this we're in
the same state of Pennsylvania the
Republicans blew a 19 point lead if
you're sitting in a d-plus one meaning
the democrats have a one-point advantage
there you might actually be sitting on a
20-point advantage yeah yeah I mean we
we I mean you know one of the things
that the the incumbent had done a great
job at was saying that this district was
a moderate district and I've been all
over this district top-to-bottom and
I've seen anything but people who want
you know moderately well funded schools
a moderately you know well-paying job
moderate health care I mean folks are
tired they're they're dealing with you
know working several jobs they don't
have enough money to pay for child care
you know they're being bankrupted by the
incredibly prohibitive cost of health
care and so you know we believe that
this seat is gonna go to a Democrat but
as I like to say any old blue just won't
do I already love that slogan normally I
come up with the slogans but that's very
good very good
okay so tell us why let's go back into
that drama about the about the Democrats
coming to try to get you out of the race
because I know a lot of people didn't
hear it when you were on last time so
remind us why they and how basically
they wanted to kind of nudge you out of
this seat well you know members of the
d-trip came to town they had a lot of
conversations about how they could
possibly get me out the race we called
them on the carpet about it they didn't
deny it and we tried to figure out why
they would want the only candidate of
color as a matter of fact the first
candidate of color ever to run for
Congress who out fund raised all of his
opponents on both sides of the aisle who
had more national and regional support
from every progressive organization why
they would want me out the rates and
they still haven't answered that
question but we kind of have a mantra
that's relate to our campaign you know
there's no conversations about us
without us
and
so they left town and we're continuing
to run a very competitive race
I love the mantras I got to keep them
rolling okay but let's let's just guess
here because if because I've been told
my whole life pretty much by the
Democratic establishment that money is
everything
that's the only thing that counts but in
your case you raise more money than the
other guys did I mean you're just
Democrats so you don't take any
corporate PAC money you raise small
dollar donations but you raise it
nonetheless and you raise more than the
other guys so what do you think it was
that made them think nag Gregg's not the
right guy the other guys are the right
guys you know I mean I'm not really sure
you know that's that's very subjective
the reality is you know we have out
raised all of our opponents through
small dollar donations I mean we are
running a very innovative people power
people centered grassroots campaign that
really is not reliant on traditional
campaign resources you know we're not
plugged into you know what I would call
the political consultant industrial
complex
we've got community organizers we have
several hundred volunteers we're
knocking on doors we're being very
assertive about our message we're
running on an economic populist message
folks are hurting all over this district
and so I'm not sure why they wanted me
out but the reality is I'm still here
they're not we're Democrats and we're
simply saying that we are Democrats from
the Democratic side of the party and
we're unapologetic and I miss our
mission and our message cat Greg you're
gonna win okay okay so I I want to talk
to you more but I want to give the links
because it's Edwards for PA com
that's website Edwards for PA calm and
tinyurl.com slash donate to Greg or
tinyurl.com slash volunteer for Greg and
if you're watching this later on YouTube
or Facebook we'll have those links that
are easy to click down below
so Greg I I think that you probably
answer the question that I asked which
is why did they not want you in the race
well for a lot of people they're
confused I mean you're uncorrupted you
don't take the corporate PAC money
you're grassroots you're more connected
you've got all those volunteers you
don't have to spend as much money on TV
and on consultants well that's for you
that's the feature for them that's the
bug I mean and we and we fail to realize
that you know serving in the United
States House of Representatives this is
the people's house this is the seat that
is supposed to be closest to the pain of
everyday people and that's really why we
are running you know we believe that the
higher work of politics is to make us
more humane more civilized and the
ultimate job of a congressperson is
really to eliminate the difference
between economic pain and public policy
and so we're running on an upon
apologetically economic platform that is
going to alleviate the financial
struggles by saying we've got to have
universal health care we must have
universal preschool we've got to have
debt-free college because college is no
longer a pathway to prosperity it's a
pathway to profit poverty we've got to
have common sense gun reform we've got
to have a clear clean pathway to
citizenship and we've got to provide
livable wage jobs of at least $15 an
hour and you know in Pennsylvania Janke
the the median income of most of our
folks is about sixteen seventeen
thousand dollars per capita in about 22
of our municipalities and the minimum
wage is $7.25 that's absolutely
unacceptable and that's why we're
running sixteen to seventeen thousand
dollars a year yeah you know people in
York and Washington in San Francisco and
there are different so-called power
centers they can't understand that they
can't wrap their heads around it and
they don't want to well one more thing
Greg again for those who didn't see
their earlier interview what did you do
in the past and what made you want to
run well you know I've spent 25 years as
a social movement builder
for human and civil rights addressing
issues of inequity in health care
education and economic development
you know I've pastored a church I you
know have led movements around the
valley and really around the state
standing in solidarity with folks
understanding that our fate really is
tied together you know I've been a
proponent of nonviolent direct action
I've been to DC I stood with daca
students and the dreamers I've stood
with members of SEIU when we were
fighting right-to-work legislation and I
decided you know that we've got to get
someone in the people's house who really
understands the people and I just made a
bold statement that if not me who and if
not now you know if not now when
and that's why really I'm running all
right I love it and I Greg I hope you
don't mind if we borrow any old blue
won't do all right well you get credit
for coming out with it so thanks so much
I'm hoping that folks will come out if
we have any local viewers and the Lehigh
Valley you know we've made a commitment
to knock on 10,000 doors between May 1st
and May 15th when the primaries being
held we've made over 30,000 phone calls
and we are out there paving the pound
paving the you know pounding pavement
and and we know that we will turn this
election by doing a high level of voter
engagement so if folks want to join our
campaign once again they can go to
Edwards for PA dot-com EDW ard SFOR PA
dot-com they can join us on this Sunday
at 5:30 when we will have a mass meeting
and talk about how we're going to turn
this seat blue
all right Greg's not playing
hardest-working progressive in
Pennsylvania Thank You brother we
appreciate it thanks Jack talk to you
soon brother yep
