so Nikki hailey has left and there's a
lot of questions and theories about why
it is that she's moved on we've been
debating that here before we get into
some of the quotes of people predicting
it and who might replace her one
interesting thing is her popularity
despite the fact that she has served
very closely with Donald Trump for a
long time lasting longer in his cabinet
or in his you know inner or middle
circles at least than some people back
in April of 2018 a poll from Quinnipiac
found that she still had a 75 to 90
approval rating among Republicans and a
55:23 rating among Democrats even that
is a very popular Republican despite the
fact that she has been serving with
Donald Trump so there are a few theories
one of the big ones is some sort of
internal either power struggle or
philosophical set of degree miself and
one or more other people working in
foreign policy in the Trump
administration generally the names that
come up are john bolton or you know in
some cases previously with with
Tillerson but then Pompeo later on and
so one of the quotes we have for that is
coming from John Hudson who said that
Haley had an increasingly diminished
role as Pompeo filled the Tillerson
vacuum bolson asserted himself on UN
issues and the u.s. began withdrawing
from key UN institutions and programs
chipping away at her clout Haley's
influence at un was blunted by Trump
policy decisions that many other nations
opposed including recognizing Jerusalem
as the Israeli capital cutting aid to
Palestinians and announcing a u.s. with
UN or sorry US withdrawal from the UN
Human Rights Council notably Haley's
supported those moves yeah okay so half
of that makes sense the internal
fighting the other half is the kind of
thing that reporters right in Washington
that actually has no effect whatsoever
and it's maddening to me that they in
some ways I
it's almost naive to be honest okay so
she had didn't have enough clout in the
United Nations because we were
ostracizing ourselves from the rest of
the world and so that bothered her no it
didn't as he said at the very end of
that tweet she supported every one of
those moves that ostraca ostracized us
she is an enthusiastic supporter of
killing the Human Rights Commission not
participating in it protecting Israel's
right wing government under
any in all circumstances I mean you name
it atrocious right-wing position she
loves it supports it full heartedly like
you think that she's bothered that what
that the Palestinians don't like her as
much or France does not give her an elf
clout in the United Nations
care about that at all not 1% it's a
preposterous thing to even discuss in
light of a resignation like tip nikki
Haley resigned because she was worried
about what Indonesia thinks of her
really okay no that's not the answer
that's not it okay let's move on other
ones so one of the big theories coming
out of her resignation is that nikki
Haley might be looking to other
political offices and either she wants
time to build up a donor base make
connections and all that or she feels
that it's good to get out of the Trump
administration before things totally
explode all around him but they
definitely believe that this is a about
some future run and the most immediate
one that many people have theorized is
that she will challenge Donald Trump in
a primary in 2020 which considering how
collegial their parting was seems a
little bit unlikely but she wanted to
get in front of some of those those
theories and you'll see that in this
video for all of you that are gonna ask
about 2020 no I'm not running for 2020 I
can't promise you what I'll be doing is
campaigning for this one so I look
forward to supporting the president in
the next election look I think that if
your theory was by 2020 there will be an
open Republican spot to run for okay
maybe I doubt that she's planning for
that but the idea that she's going to
run against Donald Trump I think people
are way too quick to assume that that
sort of primary challenge is gonna
happen or go anywhere that's another
establishment mistake and so they they
think that everybody thinks like they do
which is they think Donald Trump is
abhorrent to be fair to the
establishment in the mainstream press
they do think that right and so they
assume that there are reasonable
Republicans and that those reasonable
Republicans could appeal to the
reasonable Republican voters and
overcome Trump
primary what planet are you living on
what percentage of the voters is that
yeah no no no the Republican voters are
overwhelmingly in favor of Donald Trump
they're not anywhere near reasonable
there are no moderate Republican
politicians left at the national level
nikki Haley certainly is not among them
so she has great PR team so that's why
you she's got there
awesome poll numbers and plus it is that
it's the horrible shape that the
Democratic Party is in that they let
people like nikki Haley or be popular
when she's a war monger and isolationist
etc but they barely laid a glove on her
and and so she's got a seventy five
percent approval rating when in fact her
positions do not remotely match the
positions of the American people but she
well Republican approval rating to be
fair yes those are Republican approval
ratings yes that's very important but
even so and and so but she's not gonna
run against Donald Trump as he sits
today right so he's very popular within
the Republican Party who had better even
approval numbers than nikki Haley etc so
now could she be calculating and and
maybe know some things we don't know
about how Trump's gonna go under in
which case there would be an open 2020
field well that's a different
conversation on the go don't worry we
got you covered
you still listen to T YT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
