Phillip price joins us now he's running
in North Carolina's 11th district
against one of the most conservative
Congress people out there mark Meadows
Phillip price joins us now he's from
North Carolina's 11th district Phillip
great to have you on the program thanks
for having me Jake it's pleasure all
right no problem so you're running
against mark Meadows that's in the
general election
mark Meadows well the most conservative
guys in the house
one could argue I would argue because I
know so that probably means that you got
a pretty heavily Republican district
talk to me about your battle plan for
how to win in that district well it is
very heavily Republican due mostly to
the unconstitutional unconstitutional
gerrymandering that has taken place here
in Western North Carolina they took they
carved out all of downtown Asheville and
Black Mountain which is holds a large
percentage of the progressive voters of
Western North Carolina they they've
ruled that they're gonna have to change
those maps but they're not gonna do it
before this election so I'm gonna deal
with the maps is the way they are and my
strategy has started over 13 months ago
I entered this race and starting putting
rubber to the road and handshaking
everybody I can meet in Western North
Carolina and you know making as many
friends as I can and listening to the
people listen to what their concerns are
and you know just building a coalition
of folks all around this district that
feel like we've been left behind and are
on board with putting mark Matt mark
Meadows out to pasture or out to a
meadow perhaps or a set of Meadows or
meadows yes
okay so Philip talked to me about that
strategy so it says here you you put
20,000 miles on your car going around
this trick it's apparently a gigantic
district 6,000 square miles so how many
folks I don't know if you know these
exact numbers if you don't know the
exact was
ruff says how many folks in the district
and then how many folks voting
Democratic primary and and then what
percentage of them do you think you
actually got to physically meet there
are approximately 750,000 people in the
district in the primaries you know in
off elections differ from the midterm
elections differ from the presidential
elections where we're hoping we're
looking for a higher voter turnout this
time around and you know perhaps 50,000
primary voters mm-hmm that's a doable
number right so I don't think you've met
50,000 people but 50,000 is a very very
doable number before you get to the
general election
so yeah just out of curiosity well how
many people do you think you met so far
Oh 15 or 20,000 Wow that's a lot of
folks how long you been doing it well
see it's also you know I've lived in
this district for 34 years and I've
lived in six counties in this district
and my business my lumber recycling
business that I've had that I've been
building for almost 20 years
takes me throughout all 16 counties of
this district so if I didn't meet them
in this campaign effort I have met them
before you know I have friends and
family and business associates spread
throughout all 16 counties of this
district so you're a lumber man I kind
of like your business model a lot it's I
don't know that it's scalable but it
works for you in in that County and
that's exciting then in that area I
should say that's exactly the point so
tell the good folks at home what you do
well we we recycle old-growth lumber we
take down old barns and old farmhouses
and frankly any old structure and when I
say old it's gotta be typically I'm
looking for buildings that are at least
80 years old to 100 years old or older
they will be the ones that have
old-growth lumber virgin forest timber
in them and we take these buildings down
by hand one board at a time with just
crowbars and mussels and we bring that
lumber back to our shop and pull the
nails out trim the rotten stuff off and
then we make really cool stuff out of it
we make furniture and floor tongue and
groove flooring and paneling and
countertops and doors as a matter of
fact this wood right here behind me is
antique wormy chestnut and antique wormy
maple that came out of an old barn north
of Asheville that was probably a hundred
and fifteen years old and it's it's it's
beautiful it's stronger than what any
wood you can buy today and as you
probably well know it's become very
popular in the last five or six years
yeah and I've got a whole bunch of it
you know what Phil price is he's an
American that's right Philip I hear you
you also sing is that I've been playing
guitar writing songs and singing since I
was 16 years old okay
that's wonderful and I hear you got a
song for us I I do if you'd like to hear
a little bit of it I won't take up but
we won't play the whole thing but if you
want to hear a little bit of it I'd love
to alright let's do it let's roll let's
have some fun okay got my guitar right
here you're actually gonna say okay
great this is even better okay go ahead
oh yeah this song's called we alone and
I wrote it back when George Bush was in
office senior but I've changed a few
lyrics and it's out guys
lord knows this is time for changes the
world's become a dreaded place for you
the filthy rich get richer by but it was
just because they said so you didn't
need to know and you believed them cuz
they say it on the radio he doesn't even
know
oh I'm just gonna end it right there
because I don't want to take up too much
your time don't look at it Philip price
everybody American all right there we go
that's awesome and who doesn't love that
there progresses in Black Mountain by
the way earlier anyway obviously The
Price is Right
is that your slogan or no well I don't
think we can use that legally but people
say that okay you know what though what
we could use legally is the price is
left there you go price is correct
all right so Phil lastly before we put
up your link so where people can
volunteer and donate for you is you've
got Democratic folks in the race as well
in the primary so why Phillip price
instead of other Democrats well the
other two are doctors and I'm not I'm a
working guy I've got splinters and I've
even got stitches in this hand right
here splinters and calluses I work with
my hands I've been working hard you know
my whole life and and I have this
connection I'm the only one of the three
of us who's a lifelong Democrat and a 34
year resident of this district I've got
roots that spread like I said all the
way across this district and and I know
the concerns and the needs of the people
of this district I've got friends that
live in single white trailers and
friends that live in five million dollar
homes and I get along with all of them
and I'm gonna be relatable to moderate
Republicans and unaffiliated moderate
Democrats and progressives and I'm the
only one of the three of us who can do
that all right everybody check out the
website price for WNC org price for WNC
org and then of course if you want to
volunteer or donate the links are down
below you just click them easy peasy if
you're watching on YouTube or Facebook
and Philip congratulations you're also
the first person to ever sing
rebel headquarters awesome and 20
dollars and 18 cents is all we need for
this election I get it cuz it's 2018
all right that's right Bill's full of
good ideas all right
thank you brother we appreciate it Go Go
it's it's been my pleasure thank you so
much all right
