very rude elevator screamers are paid
professionals hashtag troublemakers
don't forget the best part
hashtag troublemakers let's talk about
some troublemakers shall we and who
better to start with than the greatest
troublemaker of all Martin Luther King
while dr. King is praised today by the
majority of Americans post civil rights
era many of those who now support him
seek to downplay or ignore entirely his
radicalism truth-telling and criticism
of white supremacy and white privilege
no other ethnic group has been a slave
on American soil and when white
Americans tell the Negro to lift himself
by his own bootstraps
they don't look over the legacy of
slavery and segregation that is because
at the time he was widely hated and
often hated precisely for those radical
views he was considered one of the
nation's greatest threats by the FBI and
of course was called the troublemaker
- which then civil rights activist and
current representative John Lewis coined
the perfect response when he said to get
in a way I get in trouble good trouble
necessary trouble because without this
troublemaker where would this country be
what about Rosa Parks another
troublemaker who decided to upend the
status quo making trouble good trouble
what about susan b anthony career on her
dedication to women's right she was much
despite a formal teacher who become
president of the National American
suffrage association after she was
denied speaking rights at a rally
because she was a woman she made a lot
of trouble by ignoring threats and abuse
to travel lecture in canvas across the
nation for the vote also advocated to
abolish slavery and the right for women
to own their own property and retain
their earnings what about Tarana Burke
nails another troublemaker
the founder of the me2 movement whose
remarkable bravery has paved the way for
millions to follow speaking out in
seeking to hold sexual assault
perpetrators accountable
I'm sure she's being called a
troublemaker in those deep echo chambers
well the guys have convinced that they
are the real victim you know despite the
fact that the rate of false rape
allegations is actually closer to 0.05
percent meanwhile one out of every six
woman has been the victim of an
attempted or completed rape in a manner
but yeah I mean men are the real victim
frame advisor Nita Hill deemed a
troublemaker when she spoke out about
the ongoing sexual assault she faced
from Clarence Thomas a man who still to
this day serves on the Supreme Court
Colin Kaepernick a man who sacrificed
his career to give a voice to the
voiceless drawing the eyes of the world
willingly or not to the issue of police
brutality cops are getting paid leave
for killing people called a
disrespectful troublemaker the list goes
on and on and on Alyssa Milano is a
troublemaker
Kamla Harris is a troublemaker Elizabeth
Warren is a troublemaker Bernie Sanders
is a troublemaker troublemakers are
always at the forefront of social change
because they are the ones challenging
the existing social order and advocating
for the powerless against the powerful
today whether it's a woman and an
elevator demanding a senator acknowledge
their lived experiences or a man taking
a knee to silently give a voice to
victims of police violence troublemakers
are necessary for change because nothing
nothing great ever came from someone
saying well that's just how it is I want
to be a troublemaker to you to continue
this conversation come over to my
Instagram Francis M Maxwell you can
become a TYT member at TYT Network comm
/join never miss another breakdown video
by ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new and don't forget to join TYT today
download our TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to TYT comm slash join
