okay why are NRA members blowing up
coolers leave the coolers alone okay so
remember back after the parklands
shooting there are a lot of companies
that's that cut ties with the NRA and
the NRA was very upset about that just
have that in the back of your mind
last Friday members of the NRA got a
letter from the NRA Institute for
legislative action and the former NRA
president Marion P hammer now this is a
report report from The Washington Post
about that letter according to them the
letter said the company quote that yetee
coolers declined to do business with the
NRA foundation primer that prior notice
and quote refused to say why they will
only say that they will no longer sell
products to the NRA foundation hammer
wrote that certainly isn't sportsman
like in fact yet II should be ashamed so
in the wake of this people who are NRA
members started blowing up their Yeti
coolers will show you some of that in a
second the damage had already been done
but the Yeti responded when we notify
the NRA Foundation and the other
organizations of this change yet he
explained that we were offering them an
alternative customization program
broadly available to consumers and
organizations including the NRA
foundation these facts directly
contradict the inaccurate statement the
NRA ila distributed on 4/20 but in the
meantime they lost their minds and
people started blowing up here's a video
of someone taking it out on the yeti
cooler and remember they shouldn't they
have no reason to do this now
they fill it up with tannerite and then
another one some people didn't have
coolers so this guy took it out on his
Yeti Cup take a look
hey Joe here where they just had to go
listen I made a comment earlier today
about Yeti base we all know deal with
them they pull over back in anything
with the NRA they lost their main car
this is what I think of Yeti give me a
second while I load up they have it okay
this was over a discount over losing a
discount can you imagine if someone
freaked out this hard over their triple
i discount no longer being valid or a
coupon be inspired yeah I have mixed
feelings about this story because part
of it is so goofy that it's kind of fun
so III enjoy seeing that cooler blow up
yeah I got to be honest with you
maybe it's the kid in me or whatever but
then I have a gun and and so it's one
thing when it when you're playing it's
another thing when it's actual bullets
etc and it's not a cooler but to Kim's
point think about how triggered they get
if you will that this smallest little
thing like hey we're not giving you the
same discount we used to give how dare
you you know why cuz they feel entitled
they have a sense of entitlement and
they're like I deserve to have
everything including any discount that I
liked and if you take away my discount
you're taking away my freedom no we're
not you know pay a little bit down and
by the way you have another one anyway
so but put that aside even if the story
were enormous ly true and they had been
denied their 12% off that's how
conservatives view things like when you
say hey I don't agree with Kanye West
supporting Candace Owens or supporting
Donald Trump they like you're taking his
freedom of thought away no I'm not he's
allowed to say any dumbass thing he
wants I also get to say whatever I want
and counter his speech oh my god no I'm
entitled to be the only one speaking hey
so these things cost 250 to $1,300 so I
don't know I guess they're rich or
something or probably they're dumb yeah
and after they blow it up like oh Jesus
man that was $1100 what do they do I
spent that money already why did I do
that it's just it's crazy it's crazy for
us to be called the snowflakes
I really enjoyed like I get what you're
saying but I really enjoyed watching
every single one of those videos while
those were the highlights there's one
where a guy takes his cup and he puts it
in a vise and one of those like table
vices that you have to spin and it takes
him like a full minute and a half and
the thing is that the Yeti is so
malleable that nothing ends up even with
like 20 pounds of tannerite to make it
explode and like there accidentally
doing an advert you already bought it
because it was so awesome and you used
the discount and you still have a
discount but I get it there's something
about that mentality that's just you
know I have the gun and I want to use it
bingo
and I'll use it for this some of them
they they do of either having an amazing
day yeah so guys I've been in a gun
range I've shot weapons and it is fun
and then you know the I've told the
story in a post game where I was doing a
basically an automatic weapon and and it
started snowing because like why is this
snowing inside this makes any sense it's
because I had accidentally shot the
ceiling it was so it was going all over
the place and they like take that gun
away from anyway so I get that it could
be fun and I get that it's your hobby
and like a child when I see the the
things being smashed or things put it in
a blender or a cooler blowing out a
little part of it goes right like a lot
of you do but on the other hand what you
own is not a hobby it's a killing
machine and so you have to be really
really careful but but on the other hand
a lot of folks people I think that they
think I can't wait to use this so that's
part of why they're blowing up $1,000
cooler cuz they can't wait to use the
weapon if it was all fun and games no
big deal
but when you actually do use it in real
life that's disastrous and possibly
deadly so that's why we're asking you
guys to be really really careful
your hobby and not feel so entitled that
you get to use it wherever and however
you want just bring it down a notch what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
