so a woman was tackled at a Waffle House
in Alabama cops arrested her and she's
25 year old shaquiesha Clemens in
Saraland Alabama there's video of the
incident here's what happened all right
so the reason that you see a picture
blurred there is because her top came
off so they may have her there wrestler
to the ground for a moment there look
like there was gonna be some sort of
chokehold or something and and now parts
of her closed her off and I mean I'm
just picturing being on that filthy
ground and having people throw me on
there and so Brett my main question to
you is the one she kept asking
throughout which is why are you guys
doing this what did I do
what did I do and as I was first saw the
headline at first saw the video I
thought what did she do I mean maybe it
was something really bad in which case
they got a wrestler and they got to get
her out of it we have it the reason she
was tackled the reason this escalated 11
it did was a very important reason
Clemens asked for plastic utensils while
placing an order at the Waffle House on
industrial Parkway in Saraland early
that morning and was told by a female
employee that plastic wear costs 50
cents according to her mother
tried to charge her for plastic utensils
she wondered why she was being charged
for plastic utensils and I'm sure you're
asking yourself the same question which
I always ask myself when do they ever
charge for plastic utensils at a Waffle
House or anywhere yeah never yeah I've
never at any restaurant I've been to a
million Waffle House's
I enjoy their food and never got charged
for plastic utensils in my entire life
it's crazy and specific things that I
noticed when that video was playing one
they keep having her roll over one way
and another as though they themselves
have not figured out how to make this
arrest I mean it's obvious earlier when
she's holding her arm up she's covering
up her breasts she doesn't want to be
exposed in public and I don't know why
this wasn't clear to people and in case
you didn't it was case wasn't clear what
was said during it she said what are you
doing and the officer says I'll break
your arm that's what I'm about to do
oh well no to be fair though she did not
pay their 50 cent charge so let's assume
for a second that that's a wide-scale
thing that just happened and we didn't
realize him we haven't caught on to the
trend that would if you asked for a
plastic fork they're gonna charge you 50
cents okay
let's grant them that for a second which
is non-existent but let's grant that
okay you really as a cop you think the
proper thing to do here is hey guys this
is a minor dispute this is wrap this
thing up right and deescalate this thing
and I know you guys are mad at each
other but let's talk it through or I'm
gonna break your arm and I'm gonna throw
you on the ground then your clothes are
gonna come off it set our why cuz you
didn't pay 50 Cent's cuz you're having a
perfectly normal dispute about whether a
plastic fork cost 50 cents it should not
cost of designs but that aside they they
took her in and she wasn't booked until
243 in the morning or sometime in the
two o'clock hour and she was booked on
charges of disorderly contact conduct
and resisting arrest
I just can't when they have you on the
ground and every time I see a video of
someone being tackled it's always you're
resisting you're resisting and I look at
that person that situation what are you
supposed to do when someone's shouting
at you and pulling your arms in
directions they're not supposed to go
all this over us phone yeah yeah so guys
there's anybody out there let's put
the racial component aside for a second
does anyone out there think that if this
was Nobu in Beverly Hills and they had a
dispute about whether they're gonna
charge for a plastic fork that the cops
come in and take a woman that's really
well-dressed in and is obviously very
rich in Beverly Hills and throw her on
the ground
her top comes off they threatened to
break her arm
are you insane no one thinks that right
because the reality is then the cops
could be in a lot of trouble because
that person is rich and probably his
power he might as cop one set on our
show or you might know a judge he might
know this and he might know that but if
you don't have any power and you're poor
and you're at a Waffle House they'll
threaten to break your arm and then
charge you and throw you in jail and
then at the end and I don't know if you
heard that either the last thing that
the officer says as he has her on the
ground he turns back and just goes do
you want to come fix her clothes to her
friends and the friend just says no you
mess him up you fix them because it's
just so it's just so crazy and escalated
so quickly um so can we teach
de-escalation to our cops is that
possible or no does the answer is and
then send all the training so forth let
them know your boss okay if the guy's
got a gun or it's a bank robbery I can
see why hey you know what if you're
forceful in your commands that might
actually be helpful I we get that not if
you're at a Waffle House and this
overwhelming dispute over plastic and
fifty cents then maybe you should train
them Oh in a different situation
maybe you should de-escalate and not
raise your voice and not throw people to
the ground and rub them on the dirty
ground and then throw them in prison and
maybe ruin their lives can we teach that
tour cops if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm /join and once
you do you'll be saying you know I'm
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
