recently Donald Trump signed legislation
into law that would potentially help
curb sex trafficking but actually has a
number of unintended consequences or
maybe even intended consequences it's
known as the FASTA pasta cesta
legislation which again was signed into
law
Trump signed into law the set of
controversial bills intended to make it
easier to cut down on illegal sex
trafficking online the House bill known
as FASTA the fight online sex
trafficking Act was one portion of it
and the that part of the legislation was
combined with the cesta component and
I'll get into the details of all of that
in just a second now this is problematic
because of the fact that it infringes on
certain protections that web sites had
previously so it's known as section 230
also known as the safe harbor rule under
the Communications Decency Act that was
passed in 1996 essentially what it would
do is protect web sites from any type of
charges stemming from a third party
doing illegal things on the site so for
instance if reddit has happens to have a
forum where people are soliciting
prostitution the people working at
reddit wouldn't be held liable for that
but under this new law that Trump just
signed they could potentially be held
liable
so again unintended consequences so I'm
just gonna jump in for one second Anna I
believe fully that they are intended and
but it's a mixed bag I think that a lot
of the celebrities that supported it did
so at the urging of their corporations
that they work for I think they had
probably had good intent I'm some of
them might be surprised to find out
what's actually in the law or the
implications of the law I think that
probably some of the Senators who voted
for it did not intend it to have the
consequences that you're talking about
you're right and those consequences can
be absolutely dire as we're gonna
explain in a second but for the people
who orchestrated this no was fully
intended
this is part of an effort to shut down
the internet the window is closing they
attack net neutrality now with folks on
cesta they're coming to knock out a lot
of the smaller and midsize websites and
this is a backdoor way of being able to
do that and it's despicable and by the
way somebody put out some sort of
nonsense from where which happens
non-stop that we were for this
legislation that's madness we're a
hundred percent against it
yeah the allegation was that since we
hadn't covered this story which I have
to be quite honest with you was not on
our radar that's the reason why we
didn't talk about it but the allegation
was since we hadn't covered it as soon
as it broke then we were supportive of
this legislation we are not supportive
of it of course we're against it and we
actually spoke to Janice Griffith who
works in the porn industry and she
explained perfectly why this is actually
damaging to people who work in the sex
industry take a look one of the most
bothersome things as of late is seeing
Hollywood celebrities championing this
cause in in the attempt to fight online
sex trafficking and to be very righteous
when in fact they don't understand the
law that they're endorsing and it's
hurting consensual workers as workers
we've been speaking about these issues
for millennia we've been asking people
to listen to us we've been asking people
to amplify our voices and
said people with influence are speaking
over us and saying that they know better
than us
this bill will push traffickers further
underground and out of the light and not
only that but it will hurt consensual
workers and has already started to do so
these workers have been pushed onto the
street from the closure of Backpage and
our online communities where we can
share harm reduction resources are
disappearing this law directly
contradicts section 230 of the
Communications Decency Act that allows
forums and social media and the like to
exist in the first place so I want to be
clear that there's two huge and distinct
problems with this bill
what is about sex workers so it dries
and the other is about the Internet
overall so let's talk about the sex
workers for a second and soon by the way
I'm gonna have nina hartley background
the program will have her on rebel
headquarters I did a long interview with
her before she's an adult film actress a
legendary one at that to talk more about
it but in Kate Kate in the case of sex
workers well this is what I mean by
intended consequences people constantly
put sex trafficking in the same area as
consensual sex workers they're not the
same they're completely different
they're diametrically different it's
preposterous so one side should be
absolutely legal because there's nothing
wrong with consensual sex work and and
to say that somehow every person
involved in that line of work is
manipulated cannot make their own
decisions cannot give consent and is
somehow part of sex trafficking is
maniacal its puritanical it's the kind
of thing that ben shapiro says oh all
porn is bad all this is bad the morally
righteous both on the right and now
sometimes on the left no people can make
their own decisions and stop lumping
them in together this sex trapping again
is monstrous but let us actually attack
that issue this bill doesn't even do
that it has nothing specific in this
bill to actually go after the people
doing the sex trafficking
that's non-consensual
in the same camp together is done on
purpose to stigmatize sex work and by
the way adult films and so it's part of
a concerted effort they've imposed their
so-called morality on the rest of us
another thing that I wanted to mention
was that this overwhelmingly passed in
the Senate there were only two senators
who voted against it including Rand Paul
and Ron Wyden Rand Paul of course is
libertarian Wyden is a Democrat and
Wyden had asked for an amendment that
would further clarify this legislation
so it would not have a negative impact
on smaller websites and the Senate
decided no we don't want to do that and
they decided to vote in favor of the
bill as in the way that it was already
written and again it has all sorts of
consequences not just for sex workers
but also to websites and it's already
had some impact when it comes to reddit
reddit has shut down certain subreddits
because they're afraid they don't have
the ability to just monitor every little
thing that's said on their website and
Backpage is gone a craigslist has gotten
rid of its personals page because
they're worried that there could be
criminal charges against them if someone
solicits sexual activity so this is
already having a crippling effect and
it's something that you know we need to
fight against because I do think that
there are some websites bigger websites
who want a monopoly and they want to
shut down the competition this is one
way of doing it and Hollywood wants to
shut down the competition as well Disney
pushes big time Fox push this big time
and so look and by the way the
progressive senators that are actual
progresses that voted for this made a
mistake and I hope that they recognize
that's a mistake yes that includes
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren this
was the wrong vote and they should make
sure that they fight to reverse this god
help us and how we can reverse this so
now let me just do one more explanation
of why it's so damaging for the whole
internet because if you run a small to
mid-size website they now can turn
around and say to you well somebody in
your comment section that you never even
read offered up
services and you didn't catch them
that's it I'm shutting down your whole
website that's how they close the window
on the Internet you don't have a ton of
money well the internet democratized the
flow of information and the people in
the establishment the ones with power
especially corporate power they hate
that they don't want you to have power
they don't want that information
democratized they're gonna come for all
independent media and for these
independent websites they're gonna do it
through net neutrality and they're gonna
do it through this but look at the three
things that are passed so far under the
otherwise incompetent administration of
Donald Trump giant tax cuts for the rich
and for corporations and two things to
shut down the internet corporate power
is back and it's looking to crush us all
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
