so Democrats have decided that they've
got a brand new messaging that they're
gonna go with in these 2018 elections
and it comes straight out of 2006
literally so in 2006 the Democrats four
congressional races race ran on the
message that the Republicans had a
culture of corruption cronyism and
incompetence Nancy Pelosi has now
started talking about the Republican
culture of corruption cronyism and
incompetence
well I have mixed feelings about this
and I believe it's a mixed message of
sorts so a lot of mixed up parts of this
story stay with me an anonymous GOP
strategist said this is about their 2006
campaign choking your mistress touching
little boys that was Mark Foley back
then taking money from the Russians
what's oldest new questionable business
dealings you name it we had it on and on
never ended so can you run against
Republicans in any given year on the
issue of corruption of course the whole
point of the party at the national level
is corruption they have no guiding
principles other than corruption I know
the mainstream media's their new false
equivalencies and pretend that they care
about balanced budgets when they just
put a two trillion dollar hole in the
budget no they just want to serve their
donors that's all the party's about so I
like that message that's a correct
message we'll get to my issues in a
second Amanda Terkel at how Post reports
Democrats seized on these issues and
created a cultural corruption refrain
that another former NRCC operative said
was extremely effective so back then
even that Republicans said no question
it worked the targets in Congress aren't
as obvious as they were last time with
many of the men who were caught in
recent sexual harassment scandals
quickly resigning on their own so now
look if you're just focusing on the sex
as part of the corruption well okay then
it's not as target-rich because a lot of
those guys have left on the Republican
side if you're focusing on the knick
knacks which they will and they already
have and in this started with very
predictably an attack on Scott Pruett
should they attack Scott proof score
should definitely are they going to
window election by talking about how he
paid fifty bucks per night in Washington
no are they gonna win it by talking
about is forty some odd thousand dollar
at phone booth no are they gonna win it
by talking about Ben Carson's $31,000
dining room table no I'm not saying you
shouldn't talk about those that's all
fair game and god bless your heart and
those are all real and those are all
real scandals but the real scandal is
the big one which is they take donor
money then they do whatever the donors
tell them to do now in this case the
number one priority and the donors said
it in public they a lot of them even
said it on the record using their own
names they said we will not fund the
Republican Party anymore unless we get
our tax cuts and then of course the
republics in the era of incompetence
couldn't pass anything but the giant tax
cuts for the rich so amazingly nearly
miraculously the Democrats have actually
figured out that the tax cuts are a big
problem
maybe the poll showing the taxes are
polling a twenty seven percent white it
has something to do with it but with
Democrats you really got to drill it in
before they get it twenty seven percent
of oh I mean three quarters of the
country's on our side but I don't know
so in this case though credit where
credit is due
Terkel reports also expect Democrats to
go after Republicans for how they or
their corporate donors benefited from
the tax cut law hey hey talking about
corporate donor is wonderful okay
now robert kuttner wrote a opinion
column on off posts but he backs up the
issue of the taxes being a huge problem
for the Republicans he said previous
Republican tax cuts under Ronald Reagan
george w bush were also tilted to the
top but made sure to include some real
benefits for regular people but this
bill was so heavily skewed to the
wealthy that most people won't see any
benefits at all on their paychecks and
that's why paul ryan had to brag about
oh I just talked to someone who's gonna
save a dollar fifty per week at dollar
fifty per week the Koch brothers who
financed Paul Ryan are gonna save
billions when you include the estate tax
cuts
tens of billions of dollars the average
person in the 1% saves over $60,000
every single year from that tax cut and
then they look at you and laugh at you
go dollar fifty thanks good per week so
can you run on that and beat the
Republicans hell yes you can
so do I agree with this message
absolutely and look at what happened in
Pennsylvania is a special election that
just happened the Republicans had a 19
point lead there and they lost it and
they lost the election and part of the
reason why the Republicans ran ads in
favor of the tax cuts and they were
counterproductive they hurt the
Republican candidate and then they
learned aback but a little stop running
in tax ads it turns out people found out
it's for the rich yeah we found out so
then what am I mixed about you know
what's a lot easier if you could run a
whole campaign about their corruption if
you yourself are not corrupt hmm well
for the Democratic Party and its
establishment that is a bit of an issue
now now there are a lot of candidates
who can run on that there's 52 justice
Democrats who don't take corporate PAC
money there's better or Roarke who
doesn't take corporate PAC money in his
beating Ted Cruz with a stick down in
Texas and now there are an increasing
number of senators who started with
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren but
now Cory Booker Gillibrand today Carla
Harris and the list grows and grows in
the Senate not taking corporate PAC
money now those people now I there's a
lot of other things that I would love to
do in in getting money out of politics
we should pass an amendment etc but
that's a solid start and those people
get to make a credible claim that they
are not corrupted but for the great
overwhelming majority the democratic
party they're gonna go oh look at that
and they're so corrupt
well how about you guys you take the
same corporate money let's stop talking
about that I guarantee you that most of
the Democrats will not talk about the
corporate donors because they take
corporate donors so they'll play footsie
around the edges Oh a dining room table
phone booth 50 bucks here and there and
they won't hit the actual heart of the
issue if they all stop taking corporate
PAC money they would rout the
Republicans then you would have one
party that is clearly corrupt and the
other one that has been uncorrupted it
would be a landslide like we've never
seen before but I know what the
Democrats are gonna say but we need that
corporate PAC money we can't win without
it what do you want us to do disarm yeah
I want you to be honest I want you to be
non corrupted it's not going to hurt you
it's going to help you you already have
a massive brand but your brand is
tainted by the corruption of this system
untether yourself from the donors and
you will rout them unfortunately for
most of the establishment Democrats they
will not be able to do that so this will
be a mixed message where people go I get
it
but are you really any better so don't
get me wrong it is effective I'm glad
that they chose it I'm just telling you
the whole reality in the whole context
it would work a lot better if they
themselves stopped taking corporate
donor money what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
