unfortunately another attack this time
in Toronto Canada and it has killed a
lot of people this time it was with a
van nine people are dead and 16 others
are injured after a van drove onto a
sidewalk on Toronto's North York
neighborhood on Monday so far we know
that it was deliberate the authorities
have confirmed that and the person who
did it has been caught and apprehended
in fact we have amazing video that we're
gonna show you in a second
of how police apprehended him and how
starkly different it is than in the
United States we don't know the
motivation yet it happened just a little
while ago before we went live on air so
we'll try to find out who the person who
was that did it and what their
motivation is and probably report more
on it tomorrow when when we find out
more but now one aspect of this story is
of course any terror attack and whatever
the motivation its terrorism because he
did it deliberately and he mowed down
innocent civilians 25 people
that's so a ton of people nine are dead
as I explained but the second part of
the story that's amazing is how the
police in Canada handled it this is not
how police in America would have handled
it and I want to give them credit for it
they get the guy he comes out of the car
he appears to be pointing a weapon at
the cops they do not shoot he pretends
to get a weapon out of his pants and
quick shoot the cops they do not shoot
it's amazing
watch
I don't know what was in his hand if
anything it's really hard to tell from
that video that was originally run on
CTV in Canada but he does this several
times yeah any idea how many bullets say
to put him and put in him in America and
this is after this is a guy who just did
a terrorist attack that killed nine
people and and the cops white out in the
open and he doesn't do it and then he
turns off his sirens he still won't
shoot the guy and guess what he did he
apprehended him he arrested him and now
the guys in prison great work by the cop
they're unbelievable here in America it
is literally not believable they would
have put hundreds of rounds into that
guy and look he killed nine people it's
not like we shed a tear for him but it
turns out there is a different way to do
police policing and you can't actually
talk to someone and apprehend them even
in this extreme case where he's clearly
a dangerous terrorist and yet they still
manage to import apprehended without
killing you interesting
but overall obviously an incredibly sad
day in Toronto and as always our hearts
go out to them we don't know why they
did it but all these guys are in some
ways seeking attention no matter what
group they're from they're seeking some
sort of glory and and doing it in all
the wrong ways and in terrible
reprehensible immoral ways unfortunately
another attack today you just watch the
video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
