over the weekend Donald Trump at it
again look he's got a thousand crazy
tweets I don't have time for all of them
I just want to point out a couple things
that should be noted because we've
gotten used to the fact that our
presidents a total moron but I don't
want you to get used to that because it
is a startling fact so here's one tweet
so General Michael Flynn is life can be
totally destroyed while shady James
Comey can leak a lie and make lots of
money from a third-rate book that should
have never been written is that really
the way life in America is supposed to
work I don't think so okay we highlight
a shady James Comey therefore because it
is misspelled look one misspelling from
a regular person on Twitter who cares
who cares man I don't like the grammar
cop son on line either right it's the
president you should be a little bit
more careful and it is non-stop it leads
you to the belief that perhaps it's not
just carelessness in one or two tweets
it's that the man doesn't know how to
spell he doesn't know any of the rules
of grammar nor does he have an IQ above
50 all right then he writes this just
heard that the campaign was sued by the
obstructionist Democrats this can be
good news and that we will now counter
for the DNC server that they refused to
give to the FBI the wendy Wasserman
Schultz servers and documents held by
the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton
emails forget trying to decipher the
rest of that insanity wendy Wasserman
Schultz its debbie Wasserman how could
you not know that how could no one stop
the man or tackle him before he sends a
tweet that stupid look if you're a
random dude out there you're a dentist
and you're not following politics and
you think it's the wendy Wasserman
Schultz we're gonna let it go it's not
your job she was the head of the DNC
when he was running for president it
took him nearly an hour to correct that
tweet but their insanity continues now
I'm going to go back to March because
it's gonna be relevant to the last tweet
this is all over the weekend by the way
I'm not cherry-picking this is not over
the course of his term if I did over the
course of the term it would take an hour
to go through his idiocy in in these
tweets all right so back in March he
wrote special counsel is told to find
crimes and then you see Special Counsel
again you get it right
he's misspelling special counsel it's
not spelled that way
that's a council as in a council you put
together of many people council that is
an attorney is spelled completely
differently cou and SEL okay so he does
that in March and he does it over and
over again fine he's an idiot
I got it right but somebody talked to
him before he does it again and he did
it again this weekend let's go to
graphic number one so now this is over
the weekend James Comey illegally leaked
classified documents to the press in
order to generate as special counsel and
what will the council do and he does it
again of course the same tweet because
there's no end to how unintelligent and
careless he is there's no end to the
stupid on that one and there's no off
switch someone in the White House go to
the president say sorry mr. president I
please please don't put out another
tweet misspelling special counsel you
know the thing you're really angry about
you know the thing that could end your
administration and humiliate you forever
this is how it's actually spelled but I
guess that's the other disturbing part
of this one is we have a man-child
Joffrey Baratheon total ignoramuses
president and we've gotten used to it
any one of these tweets if Obama had
done it day by God yeah you see that the
black guy in office doesn't even nod his
spell they would have shredded them they
would have shredded them the second part
of it though is apparently the White
House doesn't that one person who can
clarify him the president what reality
is probably being told him the real
spelling you back to fake spelling fake
spelling I'm not believing it that
sounds like the New York Times no I I'm
gonna go with the real spelling yeah
he's surrounded by a bunch of sycophants
yes men go oh yes sir you spell that so
well do it again and I'm not even
talking about the weird capitalizations
and the other insanity in the content
which is even more insane of the tweets
just understand who's in charge an out
of control
maniacal incredibly stupid manchild
that's who's in charge you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
