following the news over the past 15
months have made me ready to retire and
I'm pretty sure most of you feel the
same way
although realistically that may be
further away than tomorrow
like I was hoping eventually I'll want
to retire and they say it's never too
early to start saving but let's be
honest for most young people like myself
we aren't making that much money to
begin with and the money we do make
there are a lot of fun things we want to
do while we're still young I saw a
fidget spinner tide pod hybrid just the
other day and those things cost money so
if it comes down to this weekend with me
and my fidget spinner enjoying a glass
of Rose a with Netflix or my retirement
and 2058 well that's a pretty easy
decision to make but did you know that
66 percent of Millennials have
absolutely nothing save for retirement I
mean between bills rent student loans
there's not much wiggle room for many of
us but still if you are one of the
millennial workers that don't meet the
eligibility requirements for a 401k
maybe you don't work enough hours or
have to have work to a certain number of
hours before qualifying and are not able
to participate in an employer sponsored
retirement plan due to your part-time
work status I get that too however when
you say I'm only 25 it's way too early
to think about retirement
unfortunately adulting is a little bit
more complicated than that it's really
never too early to start thinking about
saving for your future now I'm sure
we've all heard of a 401k IRA Roth IRA
SIMPLE IRA complex IRAs that was a test
you cut up well done you savvy saver but
let's be honest I can't say that I know
the differences between them all what
are the pros and cons of each can you
have more than one do you have to commit
once you enroll is that IRA or the old
Jewish guy across the hall IRA he is
pretty complex but don't you worry I'm
here to break it down for you so what
exactly is an IRA IRA stands for
individual retirement account it's an
investing tool used by individuals to
earn and earmark funds for retirement
savings but of course alike what does
that mean the biggest benefits to
investing in an IRA are when you enter
an IRA account your entire contribution
and earnings on these contributions are
taxed only when they are withdrawn
during retirement
so no taxation without approaching
cremation mean old people joke yes
sorry also you qualify for an income tax
deduction today when you contribute to
an IRA okay now you know what an IRA is
but how do you decide which bank to
invest with well here's how we choose
here at TYT some banks use your invested
money and profit from businesses that
directly harm the planet so even if
you're doing all your reduce reuse
recycling you can indirectly hurt our
environment without even knowing but
there are other financial institutions
out there that actually care about being
socially responsible with their
investments what they do is called
sustainable investing which looks at
multiple environmental social and
employee governance factors here's more
good news aspiration has sustainable
investing options that have the highest
ratings on fossil free funds org which
is a huge deal maybe I actually should
consider retiring tomorrow on top of all
that aspiration boasts a hundred percent
fossil fuel and firearm free investing
aspiration is not only socially
conscious but they are also a certified
B Corporation and donate ten percent of
their revenue to charity furthermore
they allow a low minimum to start and
also let us choose our own fee model
invest $100 or $100,000 the choice is
yours and if your choice is $100,000 hit
me up because I might need a career
pivot but to learn more about aspiration
socially responsible investment options
and start saving for your future visit
joined aspiration comm slash tyt
