Donald Trump in his administration
continuously sold the tax cuts as
something that would really help the
middle class and working class in
America but as approval ratings in
regard to the legislation showed us
Americans weren't buying it and now we
have actual numbers to prove why the
people who are actually benefiting from
the tax cuts the most happen to be the
largest banks and we have the numbers
from the first quarter following these
tax cuts and the numbers are pretty
amazing the big banks have saved 3.6
billion dollars in the first quarter in
the first quarter let me give you more
the main boost to the banks came from
the billions of dollars they saved in
taxes under the tax law Trump signed in
December again combined the six banks
saved at least three point five nine
billion last quarter before the Trump
tax cuts the banks paid between 28 to 31
percent of their income each year in
corporate taxes now we all know that
that's very different from the effective
tax rate when you consider loopholes
they still paid less now the tax rates
for the major banks in the last quarter
the effective tax rates were eighteen
point three percent for JPMorgan Chase
17.2 percent for Goldman Sachs twenty
three point seven percent for Citigroup
Citigroup actually paid the most in
terms of the effective tax rate now
American Express paid two hundred sixty
two million less in taxes this past
quarter than it would have under the old
tax rate so clearly American Express
needs to hire its accountants because
they're not keeping up with the big
banks I'd like to give a shout out to
Goldman Sachs my former employer because
not only were they low in thereat 17.2%
they somehow managed to cut their
overall tax rate by sixty one percent so
they did well relative to to their
France well when your former president
and CEO Oh becomes the top economic
adviser to the president it's funny how
things can go your way what what a break
what I'm cutting my tax by sixty one
percent is the guy who is the one who
sex it was the topic a time
Donald Trump that's right that was my
Gary Cohen who was there when it was
passed my male boss at Goldman Sachs my
new chin of course Treasury secretary
now he was he was a partner there at the
time of course he went on to do other
things on his way into that into that
office but certainly it's it's evident
that the tax breaks not only help
corporations they help the corporations
that understand how to manipulate the
numbers the best the most that's right
ya know it I don't know if this is to be
fair to the banks or not but part of the
reason why they're getting the biggest
effective tax cuts is because it's
really hard to argue that their business
is not in the US when their customers
are clearly in the US so other companies
set up shell corporations in Ireland
Netherlands Luxembourg and they go oh
yeah most of my business happened in
Luxembourg and then they get away with
it because they then give bribes to
politicians etcetera we legalize those
bribes
they're called campaign contributions
and independent expenditures so but the
banks actually have a harder time doing
that so when the tax cut rate got cut
from 35 to 21 or that was a huge boon to
them so now if you take that roughly
three point six billion dollars last
quarter that they saved and you stretch
it out over the year it's about fourteen
billion dollars that just six
corporations are gonna save in taxes and
by the way some analysts have it at no
that's just the first quarter the whole
year they'll save about 19 billion so
but let's just take a lower number of 14
all those campaign contributions they
give to politicians which are millions
upon millions of dollars are nothing
compared to the 14 billion dollars they
save in just this one piece of
legislation for just one year but they
get that tax rate year after year after
year every year they save a minimum of
14 billion dollars going forward so
giving a couple of million bucks to
politicians is the best return on
investment you can get in America okay
so the argument in favor of cutting
taxes for the super wealthy is that it's
going to help the economy overall right
hopefully these banks will trickle on us
and they will create
or pay people more but we know that that
doesn't happen so the bank executives
have been incredibly transparent about
what they do with the savings
thanks to this tax policy now the bank
executives had said that the majority of
the savings from the lower tax rates
will be returned to shareholders in the
form of higher dividends and stock
buybacks which is so incredibly
maddening like it's expected it this is
not unusual this is what most people who
are paying attention knew what would
happen but it's just it's amazing when
you take everything in its full context
because you know know me your incredible
book which I will interview you on soon
collusion talks about you know
quantitative easing and how the Fed just
prints money and gives it to the banks
you know cheap money and what do they do
with that money they just buy their own
stocks you know their own shares and so
they do that and then they get savings
from these taxes buy their own shares it
doesn't help anyone
it doesn't help consumers doesn't help
Americans the only people that it helps
are these big banks right the CEOs are
people who own their shares who are on
the order or whatever else and sort of
going back to something that you said
it's yeah one of the things that happens
is because they do have these businesses
in the United States those businesses
happen to be the people like it Wells
Fargo who are paying extra money on
their auto loans right I mean that the
u.s. part of their business for which
they are now saving money and taxes are
the little people the places where they
actually use that money besides buying
back their own shares to boost up the
stock market which is now artificially
high because of that now cuz of any
value now because it's going into the
real economy that's that's another
by-product the third one is they shift
all their trading businesses offshore so
where they are making the most amount of
money that they will put offshore where
they need to cling on to the Federal
Reserve and money in the government for
help in a bad situation they will keep
that that that's called depositors you
know so-called real people so they're
actually splitting things three ways as
a stock buybacks they're what they're
getting out of here and they're getting
tax breaks from it and there's also the
fact that they're putting stuff off-book
now even more so internationally so they
cannot pay taxes on that so they really
figure this out on and
they're paying a very little amount to
politicians in order to be able to
continue to do that it's a really good
business for them yeah that's okay cuz
you're at home you got politicians to
allow you to move your money offshore
and to do stock buybacks and and get
extra special tax cuts that last forever
for you right oh you didn't huh that's
weird
yeah and by the way effective tax rate
is obviously a lot lower than what the
core the corporate tax rate is supposed
to be weren't they supposed to get rid
of those loopholes host cars of a tax
code that was getting rid of those four
corporations yeah great point and I
hadn't considered
well look at that the loopholes are
still right there in it if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm /join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
