money in politics has been a huge
problem in our political system it
undermines democracy it's something that
we've been arguing about here at the
Young Turks for quite some time now
but our politicians seem to love the
status quo they never challenge it it
appears they love money in politics
except when money in politics negatively
impacts them senator Susan Collins is a
prime example of that
now she voted in favor of Bret
Cavanaugh's confirmation to the Supreme
Court and she was very well aware of
crowd PAC which is a political action
committee that raised money in an effort
to convince Collins to vote against Bret
Cavanaugh's confirmation now anyone who
contributed money to a crowd PAC was
basically helping to fund her opponent
if she voted in favor of Cavanaugh now
of course she voted in favor of Kat
Cavanaugh and crowd PAC has raised more
than 3.5 million dollars for whoever
Collins opponent will be now she's up
for re-election in 2020 and she was
asked about all this during a segment on
60 minutes now this is filled with
unbelievable hypocrisy yes we're gonna
break it down and I'm gonna rage a
little bit about it and tell you the
reality after we watch it first let's
look collecting funds for whoever your
opponent may be in 2020 and the deal was
that if you voted for Cavanaugh then the
credit card pledges would be processed
if you voted against Cavanaugh
they wouldn't process the credit card
numbers and something over two million
dollars was raised this is a classic
quid pro quo as defined in our bribery
laws they are asking me to perform an
official act and if I do not do what
they want two million plus dollars is
going to go to my opponent I think that
if our politics has come to the point
where people are trying to buy
and by positions that we are in a very
sad place hilarious if people are trying
to buy votes and buy positions were in a
very sad place Susan Collins America
would like to say hello Washington would
like to meet you are you kidding me
so let me show you how much Susan
Collins has taken over the course of her
career let's go to graphic six here yeah
that's over 21 million dollars there
Susan Collins has raised and then spent
on our on her own behalf of political
career the and races that she is run
okay so alright let's get this right so
you're telling me the massive
corporations and their PACs
gave you money what for their health
because of charity because you were
doing such great work in Maine and all
the oil companies and the defense
contractors and every other company that
bribed you didn't bribe you and they
didn't care about your votes at all I
mean they were saying have given it to
them you know the local dentist but
change their minds and I said you know
what let's do charity for this
politician instead oh what a wonderful
coincidence nobody could have seen this
coming Susan Collins votes with our
interests every time but that's not a
quid pro quo that's not a sad place
where people buy your votes no no Susan
cause I Got News for you you are the
corruption you are will you took all
that money and they didn't do it for
charity they did it for a return on
investment and the first time they gave
it to you it was a test
hey will she do anything we tell her the
second time they gave it to you was hey
that we got a nice return on investment
that's what corporations do they're not
in the charity business they're in the
profit making business they profited off
of your votes so they said hey that's a
good return on investment let me keep
giving to Susan Collins because she's
exactly the kind of corrupt politician
that we like to bribe so your whole
career is based on bribery and now you
turn around and say but wait a minute
these aren't big corporate
drous these aren't super packs this is
just regular Americans getting involved
in politics unacceptable unacceptable
now all of a sudden she found that
people are trying to buy votes after
getting 21 million dollars in bribes
all of a sudden Susan Collins realizes
this is 'gambling in this establishment
and she's just shocked shocked about it
no it's incredible so I mean think about
it under her logic okay corporations are
people who should have protected speech
and so their donations to her campaign
should be protected under the First
Amendment but American people were not
people right so if she does something
that we dislike and we fund something
that would help her opponent oh my god
this is quid pro quo this is bribery can
you believe it this is horrible no but
guess what we're people too right so if
we're gonna have a corrupt political
system where money has more influence
than going to the polls and voting then
you better believe that we're gonna go
ahead and take advantage of it and help
fund your opponent now at the moment
there isn't an opponent and as I
mentioned she's not up for reelection
until 2020 but she's scared and they've
raised more than 3.5 million dollars
already for whoever's gonna run up a run
against her yes so let me make a bold
prediction in a sec but by the way this
the same complaint they have about Wolf
Pack they go hey Wolf Pack is to get
money out of politics get a convention
get an amendment and go above the head
of the Supreme Court you don't like
Kavanagh great you don't need a Supreme
Court constitutional amendment we're
done with it no more private financing
of Elections we're gonna end the bribery
completely wolf dash pack.com /join go
find out about it see if you want to
participate
now when Wolf Pack takes money from you
guys and it's all a small dollar dollar
donations and they spend fifty thousand
dollars in local state election their
people have heart attacks silly how
could you do this to us I can't believe
you're spending money in politics well
then there's a great way to end that get
money out of politics otherwise shut up
about it sorry Susan you take the bribes
now all of a sudden when real Americans
donate to you or donate against your son
I mean come on are you really that look
I gotta ask you I mean are you that
stupid no she's not stupid no you're not
no I don't want people to misunderstand
me Alex oozes that dolls is stupid
I think she's fundamentally corrupt she
systematically and systemically corrupt
because she's part of a system where she
takes 21 million dollars and gives
exactly what those people want and then
she turns around in cries about this so
here's a prediction there's no way the
Republicans don't challenge that three
and a half million dollars you think
you're just gonna let it stand no
they're gonna go to court and try to
deny you guys the right and the ability
to give money so they're gonna make the
argument Anna just said that
corporations are human beings but you
are not people are not people in the
United States corporations though are
people they're gonna say that
corporations since they are human beings
they have First Amendment rights and we
think speech money is not money it's not
property what is obviously property no
it's not property it's actually speech
that a human can say but when you an
actual human being give money no you're
not allowed to that's not within the
First Amendment you have to shut up and
not give five dollars or ten dollars but
corporations can give anything they like
I guarantee you that they make that case
and now with Kavanagh in the Supreme
Court conveniently enough it'll go to
the Supreme Court and Cavanaugh should
obviously recuse himself this vote is
about him the money was about him my
guess is knowing that he has no scruples
no principles whatsoever he's like what
do I care I'm already on the Supreme
Court
you had your shot Hey and you didn't win
so I'm not gonna recuse myself and I'm
gonna say yeah of course illegal real
people giving money to Republicans
illegal corporations huge billionaires
giving money to Republicans to serve
them legal even if they don't win that
will definitely be the argument that
they make the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android download to
get more Tea Party content at TYT com
slash app
