ed Schultz is a well-known progressive
talk show host he had a radio show for a
long time and then he was on MSNBC he
was an anchor there for a long time I
would know I filled in for and on a
number of occasions we work together at
MSNBC for some time and was there though
to be fair much longer than I was and he
has left MSNBC now he's at RT and he
gets some criticism for being at RT
because they said well you know it's
owned by the Russian government so
doesn't that mean that you're getting
orders from them well he was on the
Jimmy YC show and he wanted to address
that and in so doing he revealed
stunning facts not just about MSNBC but
also about their particular disdain for
Bernie Sanders and how they wouldn't
cover him but first let's hear out him
on on his time at MSNBC there was more
oversight and more direction given to me
on content at MSNBC than there ever has
been here at RT many times I was told
with the lead with on MSNBC many times I
was told what I was not going to do and
I've got a story that had I not been
involved in it I would have never
believed it and Phil Griffin who I
consider a friend to this day was was a
watchdog far more than anything I am
exposed to here at RT America did he
tell you what to say did he tell you an
angle to take often so now that is a
great number of people who have left
MSNBC and told a very similar story
including myself now actually in my case
Phil Griffin gave me general directions
they were awfully specific in in tell me
which direction to go in where he said
that outsiders are cool they were
leather jackets they ride motorcycles
but we're not outsiders were NBC were
insiders he told me that which is
stunning he said
we're the establishment and you have to
act like it but he did not give me
directions on specific stories and here
is saying no no he would often give them
directions on specific stories that's
much worse but of course both ed and I
you know in different ways chose on stay
at MSNBC because of those because of
that situation and so it's a point I
make often not just about MSNBC but
about all of corporate media you think
they are not influenced that there's no
collusion there well okay I agree that
Al Jazeera's owned by Qatar of course it
is BB Co is owned by the British
government by the way and you know
whenever you make that comparison people
go oh no no no no no no no but that's
Western and that's good and they're the
good guys and that's totally fine and it
is an interesting system and I think the
BBC does wonderful work and from time to
time I think al-jazeera does wonderful
work I also think that they are not
going to cover Qatar honestly and I get
that that bias exists there's no
question about that
same with RTI there's been good folks
who worked at RT and reported that they
did not get any commands from the
Russian government or otherwise do I
trust our T's coverage of Russia no I do
not they are owned by the Russian
government so that stuff is relevant but
do you think that the giant corporations
that own the major cable news channels
don't also influence coverage on those
channels that they don't care about
their profits they don't care about the
larger parent corporation and mergers
that need to be approved by the
government net neutrality that they want
would like to end and all the different
business they have in front of the
government that they don't care about
that those affect billions upon billions
of dollars is it the conspiracy theory
by the mainstream media that giant
corporations if they have a media arm
all of a sudden don't care about the
profit motive that they don't want to
maximize profit that out of the goodness
of their heart they do
influence the people on air and they
didn't do that they do not select people
on air ahead of time to make sure that
they support the status quo that's the
conspiracy theory that corporations do
not care about their profits that's a
preposterous theory and in practice I
have seen it as Schultz has seen it Phil
Donahue has seen it as so many other
hosts have seen that in fact of course
they care about their political
interests and most importantly their
business interests and if you touch
those well you're in a world of trouble
but this story gets even more
interesting because in the case event
Schultz apparently they told him not to
cover Bernie Sanders in specific so
here's a stunning story about that did
he tell you what to say did he tell you
an angle to take often in fact when
Bernie Sanders was announcing that he
was going to be a candidate for the
nomination of the Democratic Party in
Burlington Vermont I was the only cable
host between Fox MSNBC and CNN that was
there live to cover it now there were
live cameras there but we had
coordinated with the Sanders campaign
that at 5 o'clock he was going to make
his announcement and we were gonna cover
this on the edge show I go to Bernie
Sanders house that afternoon an
interview in the back yard about a 15
minute interview the grandkids are
running around it's a big day for the
Sanders family he's going to announce
that he's running for president we're
gonna carry it live later on in the day
and we're gonna run this one-on-one tape
with Bernie 3,000 people are there on
Lake Champaign it's five minutes to air
and I get a phone call from Phil Griffin
you're not covering this I said Phil
Bernie Sanders is announcing he's
running for president he's going to be
President I don't care you're not
covering this and it got rather
contentious in a survival
I don't well now you're asking me for
opinion I'm giving you a fact right now
about what happened and other people who
were there with me will attest to the
fact and back me up that this is
happen we were told that we had to cover
something down in Texas that was totally
meaningless in another press conference
in Baltimore which was in already had
been in the news for a few days we're
covering Bernie Sanders live we're
coordinated with his campaign and I'm
told five minutes before you're not
covering Bernie Sanders now let me give
you the opinion I think the Clintons
were connected to Andy lack connected at
the hip I think that they didn't want
anybody in their prime time or any
anywhere in their lineup supporting
Bernie Sanders I think that they were in
the tank for Hillary Clinton and I think
it was managed and 45 days later I was
out at MSNBC Wow so I've told you in the
past about how the media and the cable
news channels are specific in some ways
rigged the election on behalf of Hillary
Clinton and I don't mean in terms of a
smoke-filled room and they got together
and passed around notes but given that
story
I don't might have to rethink that but
no in the sense that they would say that
Hillary Clinton already had a gigantic
lead that she had a lead of hundreds of
of Delegates well those are the super
delegates and the super-delegates don't
vote until the end of the primary season
but and they often change their vote
they did when Obama and Hillary were
running the last time there was a
contentious Democratic primary a lot of
the super-delegates changed their votes
so counting them ahead of time was at
best journalistic malpractice CNN did it
Fox News did it MSNBC did it but it
turns out that was the tip of the
iceberg it looked like they were not
covering Bernie Sanders at all and
usually what they say is oh no we didn't
think he had a chance of winning he
closed a 60 point lead that was historic
that was unbelievable in 2015 and they
still wouldn't cover him and now we find
out from Edie that in fact no they
actively were told not to cover Bernie
Sanders I had another on-air talent at
MSNBC telling me off the record that if
they ever criticized Hillary Clinton
they would immediately get a call from
management I don't know if you remember
but mika brzezinski on air said that if
she ever said that Hillary Clinton
wasn't necessarily going to win the
Clinton campaign would call MSNBC and
then MSNBC would talk to their hosts so
if that's not in the tank for Hillary
Clinton I don't know what is
so yes MSNBC this so-called progressive
channel rigged elections in some ways in
the ways that they could against the
progressive candidate Ed's not done yet
one last clip here listen when you see
how the campaign unfolded Donna Brazile
feeding Hillary Clinton questions at the
campaign the DNC undercutting Bernie
Sanders the super-delegates that were
organized by Hillary Clinton I mean in
my state of Minnesota where I'm a
resident and pay taxes Al Franken and
Amy Klobuchar were super-delegates and
despite the fact that Bernie Sanders won
Minnesota they supported Clinton it was
the the fix was in the fix was in with
the mainstream media the fix was in with
managing the news and shutting down
Bernie Sanders and it wasn't until he
started matching the Clintons and
raising money that he became well we
gotta cover this guy but from the start
the Clintons didn't want any competition
they didn't want Bernie Sanders around
they didn't want the Keystone XL XL
pipeline they didn't want to push her on
that issue they didn't want to push her
on free education for all and they
certainly didn't want to push her on
only on the TPP and also universal
health care those were four main issues
that Bernie Sanders had he not been to
the campaign Hillary Clinton would have
never had to address and so I think the
fix was in early on to deep-six Bernie
to this day it kind of pisses me off
well it pisses a lot of us off so who
effected the election more the Russians
or cable news is that an open question
look I think the Russians did interfere
in the election I've said that about a
thousand times but what did they have
about 40 Pinterest
accounts or something they had they sent
in sent a couple of million Twitter
impressions look any hosts on air gets a
couple of million Twitter impressions in
an afternoon that's tiny compared to the
billions of dollars of media coverage
and you guys have probably all heard the
stat that Donald Trump got two billion
dollars in free media coverage that was
and that was before the general election
you remember all the empty podiums that
CNN would show
well Fox News did it CNN did it MSNBC
did it and they gave a ton of free
coverage to both Donald Trump and
Hillary Clinton but it turns out they
also actively blocked the coverage of
Bernie Sanders that's not playing around
the edges that's not a couple of Twitter
impressions or a Pinterest account
that's gigantic that's billions of
dollars so who affected the election
more it's not close so in shutting out
Bernie Sanders who by the way according
to every poll had a better chance of
beating Donald Trump than Hillary
Clinton Phil Griffin Jeff Zucker the
executives at Fox News they all affected
this election help to get Donald Trump
elected and made sure that the
progressive candidate wouldn't win
that's what happened in this country and
that is far more important to our
democracy than what the Russians did
they're both important and I I believe
Muller should continue his investigation
but is anybody ever going to investigate
the outsized influence and the collusion
of cable news to support right-wing
candidates and to always be against
progressives know what you will get
instead is overwhelming silence just
like they did the Bernie Sanders because
it's not in their corporate interests
Young Turks you just watch the video by
the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
