former FBI director James Comey is doing
his media tour slang in his book which
makes all the sense in the world and
he's been talking to you know some of
the bigwigs in the media including
Savannah Guthrie of The Today Show
and the exchange that we're about to
show you really struck a nerve with me
so I wanted to share it with you all and
then maybe we can you know share what we
thought
take a look some of the most widely
cited parts have to do with your
description and words about President
Trump I mean including calling his skin
orange and saying his looked like he'd
had tanning goggles and you know some
people said that was kind of for lack of
a better word that was a little catty
did you enjoy taking those shots at the
president no I didn't think of them as
shots when I speak you've read the book
you see the description I give of my
high school boss in the grocery store
I'm trying to be an author something
I've never been before and bring the
reader into that scene and describe in
great detail what I'm seeing and so I'm
not trying to pick on President Trump or
my boss from high school yeah but you're
talking about his hair stuff like that I
mean I guess some people are saying wait
a minute James Comey you just got into
the gutter with President Trump who you
know is known for his name-calling he's
called you slimeball and a nut job and
any number of things did you stoop I
really don't think so I get maybe I'm
missing it but I think I'm describing
what his hair looks like in my head the
editors voice kept bouncing around
saying take the reader with you take the
reader with you what did you see what
were your impressions you don't think
you've diminished yourself
I hope not and I hope when people read
the book they may have a different view
of it than some of the quick hits
they've been hearing about so I don't
love the way Comey
responded to her questions just be
honest yeah you took you you know you
took some shots at Trump and that's fine
I would respect that in fact I applaud
that because I'm tired of people
everyone everyone being held at a
completely different standard when it
comes to conflicts with Trump Trump can
do and say whatever he wants and it's
been normalized and it's been accepted
but if anyone else ever says anything
even a little critical or below the belt
oh come on you're gonna tear down the
gutter with Trump is that okay really
that's that's the question you want to
ask him in this interview that's what
really stood out to you and then
Peter Comey goes on to the view and they
press him on the same issue you know why
did you make fun of the way he looks
because he's ugly let's keep it real he
looks like a clown he has orange skin
and stupid hair and he does look like he
has you know tanning goggles on all day
until he makes these press appearances
and looks like a clown again so yeah he
did take these jabs at him and I'm tired
of him being like torn apart over that
so he goes on the view they asked him
the same question he's like yeah I guess
I wish I hadn't have described him that
way no don't walk those comments back he
fired you
because of an investigation that you
were involved in he destroyed the career
that you worked your entire life toward
okay he has smeared you in eighteen
different ways on a regular basis and
right now we have nearly a dozen House
Republicans who are literally calling
for Jeff Sessions to prosecute you so no
I don't walk your comments back he's
ugly we all know it and it's okay yeah
now I have a slightly different thing
but I gotta be honest I love ya I love
the strength movement so look on the one
hand reading silico me stuff I was like
you didn't have to do that like because
Comey should have protected his images
above partisan politics and above the
the petty back-and-forth etc it would
have served him better it would have
served the case better and and there was
even did a video about one part where
substantively I was concerned because he
would talk about how he might not have
made the announcement about reopening
their investigation into Hillary Clinton
if he thought Trump was leading in the
polls you shouldn't do that okay so we
have to be fair and honest about all of
that now and and I actually don't have
any problem with Savannah Guthrie being
a little bit more aggressive with James
Comey although I'll come back to why
they're all on TV being a little bit
more aggressive with James Comey because
that story's really interesting but on
the other hand I totally agree with Anna
about the false equivalency so Trump has
called Comey a slimeball said that he
should be imprisoned
okay
and said he was a worst FBI director in
US history so on the other hand Comey
said his hands were smaller than mine
but not unusually small whoo that those
two things are not equal so you can't
constantly criticized Trump for hitting
below the belt and then if anyone even
tweaks him then yell at them and have
fury against them how could you have
said one bad thing about truck it's it
does seem like that I've seen that kind
of Today Show interview many many times
where the Today Show person has just
talked about like six or seven awesome
recipes four or five gruesome murders
and then has their big interview and
then with that big interview they have
like three maybe two questions that are
the hard-hitting ones and before going
into that interview the producer has
said all right you got to stick it to
him this is the time don't let him get
away because we don't want to have
someone to run that piece after us that
says that Today Show let him get away
and that seems more the driving force
behind it than any real earnest problem
that Savannah Guthrie or before her Matt
Lauer may have had with any dynamic
between the president and the publisher
and the writer of its fake strength
right they want to appear as you know
these hard-hitting journalists and so
they'll ask aggressive questions in the
safest possible context and that's
exactly what happened here and this
whole like I am sitting on my pedestal
and I am scolding you for saying these
terrible things about Trump's appearance
don't you think that that was a low blow
oh you are such a tough journalist
please all the wild saying all the low
blows repeating word-for-word quotes
like when you said his small hands like
when you said or his weird hair the the
goggle eyeball thing everybody also is
benefiting from all of the like
mudslinging while at the same time being
able to rise above it in their own eyes
and no one else's yeah it's like when
Sean Hannity every year covers spring
break shows that what bikinis not
something goes can you believe this test
test test
now having having said that again I love
your strength Anna I'm a little bit more
conflicted on it only because in its
only tiny amount because I like when
they're tough on people I just wish you
would be consistent and Anna's right
Brett is right they do it when you're in
a state of powerlessness and in the case
of Comey the story behind the story is
he has no one to protect them he doesn't
have the Republicans to protect him
anymore and he doesn't have the
Democrats to protect him because they a
lot of the Democrats are Hillary Clinton
people who hate him and think that he
cost her the election so now if you're
out in the country you might think Comey
seems like a generally honest guy who
held bush accountable then Obama
accountable then Hillary accountable and
then Trump accountable but if you're in
the Washington New York circuit all of
your friends don't like James comer
either because they supported Hillary or
they supported Donald and they've never
let that grudge go it's not the day
Savannah Guthrie is part of some sort of
conspiracy etc it's just the group think
the groupthink is you can take down
Comey commis not powerful there's a lot
of people who don't like Comey so this
is a situation where you can release the
hounds yeah I think I think you're right
about that and you look the reason why I
get so worked up about this is because I
think about these stories in my own
context and everyone else should do the
same imagine you know someone you're
working with like Jake you're the you're
the boss right but let's say you decide
I don't want to be the boss anymore I'm
leaving right and some other dude shows
up and he's the leader and and then he
has he decides I don't like Anna because
she you know as I do with you often
challenges me of whatever or disagrees
with me and so I'm gonna fire her and
then smear her and then if I hit back a
little bit if someone has the audacity
to come at me with you know that's very
unbecoming of you I'll lose my mind I
will lose my mind so it's just not okay
he said that he regretted putting that
in the book at all eventually I just
can't I can't
I'm gonna lose my mind don't walk those
comments back right that's it he died he
day came out I don't know if you have
the quote or anything for but he has
said since that he regrets
no one else regrets those being in the
book not the people who are upset with
it not the people who revel in it not
James Comey no one actually regrets it
maybe from a philosophical intellectual
view you know now he's lost the footing
that you were kind of talking about that
we needed him to have as like that
person outside but he already lost no
one really thinks James Comey is like
this the sharpest knife in the drawer
but I think they but they did it's not
they don't think he's I don't think he's
smart cuz I think he out thought himself
yeah he thinks himself it's a lot of
people do that where it's like oh I just
need this much more street smarts out of
you because you thought yourself into a
hole that now nobody likes you
yeah and and look I don't I think that
his level of intelligence was overstated
but I think that it was the his rep was
honest really bright yes good you know a
good investigator etc now they ease for
some people who've read the book or like
I'm not as sure about that as I was
before last thing about the story
another story behind the story is when
you're writing a book your book
publisher not only tells you take the
reader there for hunt and vigilance the
other thing he tells you is dude you
gotta sell books I gave you a ton of
money so put in some details put in some
stuff hitting him Adam Adam Adam so they
told him to do that he did that to make
a lot of money so now when he says well
I'm afraid that it was a distraction and
so I regret putting it in the book don't
regret the check you got for it yeah and
that check was predicated on you hitting
Trump in some personal way so that it
would gain a lot of attention and sell
more books let's keep that real - I also
want to stop the trend of people
apologizing to Trump that's how that's
that's another reason why it just really
rubbed me the wrong way when he walked
those comments back it's okay just own
up to it you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
