so the young turks is planning on doing
an inaugural TYT watchdog award and the
whole point of this award is to
celebrate investigative journalism and
some of the investigative journalists
out there who often don't get the love
and support that they deserve and so our
voting committee got together there were
so many great contenders for reporting
in 2017 but through our voting we have
decided that Shoshanna Walter and Amy
Julia Harris deserved the award for
their collaboration in a story titled
they thought they were going to rehab
they ended up in chicken plants they're
both from the Center for Investigative
Reporting and their piece was all about
how people who have been deemed addicts
by our courts are sometimes given the
option of you know going to these
rehabilitation centers or going to
prison and oftentimes they'll go with
the rehabilitation programs and some of
these programs just use them for slave
labor and in this case they highlighted
how you know they're forced into working
at these chicken plants you know making
no money
they also name names which is pretty
courageous and fierce they identified
companies that benefit directly or
indirectly from forced labor including
coca-cola KFC Walmart Petsmart and
Rachael Ray's nutrish so all the love
imaginable to these reporters they did
an excellent job with that and I highly
recommend you guys check out their story
I'm proud that we're doing an hour girl
watchdog award here and and I want to
celebrate great journalism and so I want
to do it year after year after year and
here we do a you know the facts and then
perspective and we've got a great T YT
investigates team that just does
objective journalism but to see this
kind of reporting out there where
they're actually breaking news stories
and making a difference it's wonderful
so incredibly proud to give this order
Shawna Walter an Amy Julia Harris great
job
