over the weekend a video went viral on
social media featuring two black men
unidentified black men who got arrested
at a Starbucks this story began when the
two had gone to this particular
Starbucks in Philly and they were
waiting for a real estate developer in
order to have this meeting about
possible investment opportunities now
the two had not purchased anything at
the Starbucks they were still waiting
for the real estate developer to show up
and at one point one of these men went
up to a worker at Starbucks and asked
for the bathroom key to use the restroom
at that point the employee denied access
to the bathroom and told them that they
needed to leave because they hadn't
purchased anything when the two refused
to leave this worker called 911 called
911 to be reserved for emergencies but
nonetheless six police officers showed
up because of course it takes to six
police officers to deal with the
situation and the two got arrested now
we're gonna show you the video or at
least a portion of the video that went
viral it's received up to 9 million
views this morning alone I'm sure at
this point it's it's gone way past 9
million but with that said take a quick
look
I interview yes what did they do what
did they do
so the two unidentified men were taking
out in handcuffs soon after which you
can video they were held for nearly nine
hours before being released no charges
were filed because they didn't break any
law they didn't do anything wrong they
did what the vast majority of people
tend to do at Starbucks which is loiter
and and Starbucks by the way really
quickly Jake is is known as a community
hub they're always advertising about
their free Wi-Fi they want people to
come there and just hang out which is
why often times you can't even find a
place to sit at Starbucks I've done it a
billion times I have literally walked
into his Starbucks without buying
anything just to use their bathroom I
always get the key with a smile so it's
just interesting to see how these two
individuals were treated compared to the
vast majority of patrons at Starbucks I
believe lawyer Inc is their business
model they want people to come and hang
out and and it was a unique business
model when they started people like oh
you're crazy if people aren't buying
stuff you should be kicking them out and
Starbucks said no we have a
revolutionary new idea we're not going
to kick them out unless they happen to
be black and we're gonna have them
arrested we're called 9-1-1 yeah now
look to be fair Starbucks
did not do this from corporate
headquarters
the store manager in this case happened
to do it and Starbucks is over-the-top
apologetic we'll get to that in a second
which is good but Andrew Yaffe was the
real estate development guy that was
supposed to meet with them and he said
why would they be asked to leave
he said it's absolute discrimination
does anybody else think this is
ridiculous you could actually see him in
the video he was the person who was kind
of speaking up and I'm glad that he did
it but regardless of what he had to say
the officers were pretty dead set on
arresting these two guys yeah and I
think that part of what happened was the
call in the first place the second thing
that happened is no one is ever allowed
to de-escalate a situation right so now
luckily nothing physical happened here
other than hope you know putting them in
handcuffs leading them out in front of
everybody which is also physic
we should never understate the very act
of arresting someone is state violence
right now if they if it has to be done
to protect the community we all
understand that and well that's what we
signed up for and that's why you know we
agreed to policing but if it doesn't
have to be done that is a pretty
significant action to take against a
human being and in this case the cops
say well we went in and they wouldn't
leave okay but were they doing anything
wrong in the first place you came and
you assess the situation were they
breaking any laws no you decided that
you can't have your authority questioned
hence they had to be arrested you know
how long they spend in prison or in jail
nine hours nine hours for sitting in a
Starbucks have I done their drug in your
drug where I've gone into Starbucks and
not bought something yes but but see
look I don't love the term white
privilege but we're talking about this a
lot on the show this is exactly what it
means it doesn't mean that you're if
you're in the middle of Kentucky and
you're a white person you're rich it
means then you go to a Starbucks and
don't get randomly arrested you just
don't realize it I think I mean it's not
a thing that you celebrate like hey high
five use the Starbucks bathroom we
didn't get arrested but but for black
Americans unfortunately it happens far
too often I think the problem with white
privilege or at least the the pushback
that you get every time you mention it
is because it's it's hard for some
people to comprehend something that they
haven't experienced right yes and so why
privilege is really something that
people don't experience it's not
something that they do experience and
what I mean by that is that you still
have to work really hard you're still
gonna struggle no one's gonna hand you
anything you're not gonna necessarily
get you know these incredible
opportunities handed to you left and
right it just means that there are
certain things you don't have to deal
with that other people do have to deal
with so for instance look I mean when
when has anyone ever walked into a
Starbucks without seeing a roomful of
douche bags on their MacBook Pros all
day long by the way I'm one of those
douche bags you know what I'm saying
yeah so it's just i I've never had to
worry about an employee at Starbucks
telling me I needed to leave because I
haven't purchased any
thing I've never had to worry about that
kind of harassment and for the vast
majority of you know Starbucks patrons
they also haven't had to deal with that
kind of harassment but you know the fact
that someone would call nine-one-one on
these guys insane it's not a normal
police call nine-one-one I got an
emergency okay and so one of the excuse
that was used later was well there was
an armed robbery at a Starbucks nearby
at some point a lot wait so why didn't
you call the cops on anyone else at the
Starbucks like were you really worried
that he went to the bathroom and hence
was about to do an armed robbery when he
was already out wouldn't he have gotten
the guns in the gun in the bathroom so
none of it makes any sense I have to
make one other point because I think
that it's it's super relevant and no
one's tackling this story from this
perspective these are two guys who are
meeting with someone in regard to real
estate investment opportunities which
means that they have money right so
oftentimes when we talk about
discrimination or the way people are
treated differently in this country
the issue of race makes people really
nervous it is not about race it's more
about socioeconomic status no it's not
no it's not these dudes have more money
than I do these dudes have more money
than a vast majority of Americans do
right there they're trying to invest in
property in real estate but it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter how much money
they have doesn't matter how successful
or well-to-do they are all that matters
according to some people is what they
look like and whether or not they pose a
threat based on stereotypes okay so now
let's get to some of the fallout from
this and there's a decent amount of good
news out of this so first of all the
Philadelphia district attorney is Larry
crasner he's very very progressive and
he was like yeah no we're not keeping
them he said there's not sufficient
evidence to charge the men with a crime
and they are free to go so doing the
right thing there as soon as across his
desk as far as we can tell now in terms
of Starbucks their CEO is flying into
Philadelphia to meet with those two guys
in specific and to meet with others as
well to let them know hey this is not
our policy at all and not only is it not
our policy we're now going to do train
about unconscious bias so that all of
our managers realize hey this is
something that is pervasive throughout
the country look the police commissioner
who's defending all this is also
african-american you know I read
somewhere that the manager in question
might be Latino I don't know or care
that much about that the point is that
that's what you do the unconscious bias
training because it's an unconscious
bias and it's not only in white people
in the country it's in all of us that's
exactly right I think that one of the
most common misconceptions is that if
you are anything other than white then
you are unable to have any type of bias
or to ever discriminate or have
prejudice prejudice and it doesn't
matter like everyone has issues they
need to work out I don't care if the
worker who called the cops is Latino or
black herself doesn't matter yeah and so
one other positive reaction from
Starbucks comes from Rosalyn brewer she
is Brewer by the way is the last name
for somebody who works at Starbucks is
awesome she's the chief operating
officer that means basically she's a
number two person in charge in all of
Starbucks was a gigantic company she
said this is a teachable moment for all
of us so we're they're gonna take it as
an opportunity to not only fix the
situation but to go further she also
happens to be african-american and she
said that she's got a 23 year old black
son obviously and that the video was
painful to watch so obviously a very
important executive there at Starbucks
vowing for logical reasons for many
different reasons to tackle this so I
people's frustrations is very
understandable but like when they did
the Craigslist killer thing and they
were like oh it's all Craigslist fault
it could have been the Yellow Pages
killer that's just where the guy
happened to find people so this problem
I'm sure does happen in other Starbucks
because you have individual human beings
deciding who is allowed to stay and who
is not allowed to stay who is a danger
and who is not a danger not based on
whether there actually are a danger but
based on their perception and sometimes
yes they're unconscious bias
but it's not particularly Starbucks I'm
sure it happens all across the different
restaurants and different venues and it
looks like in this case in my opinion
Starbucks has taken some excellent
measures to combat it if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
out every day
