according to publish reports Timothy
Loman is now a part-time officer in
southern Ohio so if you shouldn't kill a
twelve-year-old black child from the
window of a moving police car you can be
rehired
but if you're peacefully kneeled to
protest said killing of that black child
you are forced to forfeit your career
okay just clarifying this November 22nd
will Martin the four year anniversary of
Tamir Rice's death a death that was
considered justified by the judicial
system a death that was deemed lawful so
lawful in fact that the officer
responsible has just been rehired by a
different Police Force in the very same
state now here's the thing how many
times have you held the saying a few bad
apples apply to officers who have
engaged in misconduct there's been some
bad apples out there yeah you got bad
apples but you got bad apples in every
occupation just like any business you're
gonna have some bad apples they're out
to protect you and that's what policing
is about are they bad apples yeah it's
usually uttered in the same way you hear
just a lone shooter or a one-off etc etc
now I have always tried to keep an open
mind when discussing issues of policing
because God knows it's a tough job a job
that demands you put yourself in harm's
way for the safety of the people in this
country but not all cops are selfless
individuals who only wish to protect and
serve and those are the ones often
called bad apples but when you look just
a wee bit closer you realize that those
bad apples are often only temporarily
removed from the batch to be promptly
returned to another at a later date so
how can it be just a few bad apples when
they are very rarely removed and all too
often allowed to ruin the entire batch
Timothy Loman was recently hired to part
time by the bel-air Police Department
and the police chief defended his
decision stating he was cleared of any
and all wrongdoing he was never charged
it's over and done with
over and done with her I wonder if Tamir
Rice's mother would say that the reality
is that Loman has proven himself unfit
to wear the uniform and not only from
his decision to use deadly force against
a child within seconds of arriving on
the scene before joining Cleveland's
police force Loman was forced to resign
after his short stint with the in depend
it's Ohio PD after he was deemed unfit
to be an officer in 2009 he also failed
an exam given by the Maple Heights Ohio
Police Department which he failed to
disclose to the Cleveland Police
Department time and time again he has
proven he is unfit for service but yet
here we are and why well because it's
systemic a report from The Washington
Post looked into this issue in detail
finding that departments have often been
forced to reinstate more than 450
officers after Appeals required by union
contracts so while those very same
departments claim it's just a few bad
apples the unions are the ones fighting
behind the scenes to ensure those apples
are re-entered into the system but then
if you're outraged over this and use
your platform to draw attention to it it
can cost you your job and before you
rush to the disrespectful narrative
allow me to draw your eyes real quick -
Kenny Stills the Miami Dolphins player
who emulated Catholics protests now
working with law enforcement in his
community to strengthen relations those
protesting are doing their part to
continue the conversation so why are
certain police departments farther in
the divide by normalizing this violence
come on over to my Instagram to chat
more about this if you agree or disagree
at Francis M Maxwell make sure to become
a member at TYT Network comm slice join
did you like this video then great never
miss another breakdown video by hitting
the subscribe button below and ring the
bell to get notified whenever we publish
a new video
