so Donald Trump lately has actually done
some things against Russia
so that's fascinating now some of the
things that he's done I'm not a fan of
like the bombing of Syria that he did
recently I did a video about it over the
weekend I think it's a terrible idea I
don't need him to show us how tough he
is on Russia and certainly not with
bombs I just want to make sure that he's
making decisions about Russia based on
what he thinks is right I mean god help
us on that front too but but at least
that they are honest decisions and not
because he's beholden to Russia for one
reason or another
again I don't need him to prove it in
the form of bombs but it is an
interesting question and and James Comey
was asked about it on Sunday and and he
answered that he is not sure and that
Trump might be beholden to the Russians
then that's a hell of a thing for a
former FBI director to say about a
president so now on the other hand as I
just told you he's actually done what
appears to be a decent number of actions
against Russia
so not only the bombings which is a
terrible idea but some sanctions and
kicking out some diplomats that I think
might be good ideas Cape Town 60
diplomats in a response to the poisoning
that happened in Great Britain and put
in place some new sanctions etc so is
Trump actually getting tough on Russia
well that's the story I was set to do
especially because this morning I saw
that they were pushing for new sanctions
in the United Nations and I was like
looking at some point there's enough
data in where you go it appeared that he
was being soft on Russia before but now
he's arguably being hard on Russia and
then in the middle of the day this story
completely turned so let me explain
first we go to the Washington Post tell
you what nikki Haley was up to she's of
course our ambassador to the United
Nations Haley had said on CBS's News
News's Face the Nation that sanctions on
Russian companies behind the equipment
related to Assad's alleged chemical
weapons attack
would be announced Monday by Treasury
secretary Steve minuchin now look I
don't know who did that bombing and
according to our own defense secretary
Jimenez we're not positive who did that
chemical attack in Syria so I definitely
don't want bombs in response to it but
sanctions if we were sure that they did
it then I wouldn't mind the sanctions at
all so but we're not sure so anyway but
they are getting tough on Russia fair is
fair and Nikki Haley was said so I think
everyone is going to be feeling it at
this point I think everyone knows that
we sent a strong message and our hope is
that they listen to us well it turns out
hope was delivered they were listening
and they said in response the Russians
that this was quote internet
international economic rating so they
said this was done for an economic
agenda and not because anyone is
concerned about those chemical attacks
and they attacked the idea of sanctions
in several different ways and certainly
did not agree with the bombing of Syria
obviously so the Russia's speak out so
how is that going to affect us if at all
because now it appears we're being tough
on the Russians well let's go to the
Washington Post but as officials in
Moscow condemned the plant sanctions as
overly punitive Trump conferred with his
national security advisors later Sunday
and told them that he was upset the
sanctions were being officially rolled
out because he was not yet comfortable
executing them according to several
people familiar with the plan hmm that's
interesting so all of a sudden rolled
that one back not as much in fact
President Trump on Monday put the brakes
on a preliminary plan to impose
additional economic sanctions on Russia
so it turns out we won't be doing them
after all by the way if Trump were to
have some sort of deal with some folks
that are in power in Russia whether
they're government officials and or
connected to oligarchs who helped to run
Russia
well doing sanctions on those oligarchs
would be far more relevant than some
bombing
champagne in the middle of Syria unless
of course that bombing campaign hit a
Russian soldier or plane it said and
that's why I don't want it but having
said that this has close to the bone for
economic interest in Russia now all of a
sudden Trump slams the brakes on okay
and but Haley already said it apparently
she had it cleared earlier was someone
in the administration so what happened
well the Trump team decided to publicly
characterize Haley's announcement as a
misstatement it didn't sound like a
misstatement sounded very very clear
when she said it so apparently the big
guy did not agree now is this part of a
pattern which way is the pattern going
being hard on Russia or being soft on
Russia well there are mixed signals here
as I just explained to you so let's
break it down a little further and see
if we can figure out who's on one side
here so on an earlier case relatively
early on in his administration nikki
Haley had actually also tucked talked
tough about sanctions on Russia at the
United Nations and they thought the
White House had signed off on that well
the guy who apparently did sign off on
that was quickly there after removed
from his job at the White House well
that's a sign and here is what an
anonymous US official inside the White
House said to the Washington Post about
that earlier situation when Trump found
out that Haley had said that they were
we were to get tougher and I said quote
lots of people got yelled at some by the
president in other words last time we
tried announcing these things Trump was
furious not at the Russians but at us
for saying that we would have imposed
penalties on the Russians now on the
issue the poisoning that happened of a
former Russian agent in the in the UK he
apparently told his advisors who were
pushing him to get tough on Russia on
that issue understandably so
referring to the Europeans he said will
match their numbers we're not taking the
lead were matching so very clear don't
take the lead against Russia but we will
follow okay well again mixed alright
so the next day when the explosions were
announced publicly Trump erupted
officials said to his shock and dismay
France and Germany where each expelling
only four Russian officials far fewer
than the 60 his administration had
decided on so apparently his own
advisors thought he meant match what all
of the Europeans are doing combined when
he had said or meant match whatever is
the lowest number of any of the European
countries kicking out Russians
so now the camps are becoming a lot
clearer once you see all the reporting
coming in from within the White House
his advisors definitely want to get
tough on Russia now some of those ideas
are terrible ideas some of them are fine
ideas but they're in the camp of let's
punish the Russians
Trump appears to be consistently against
it and has to be convinced into it over
and over again now I know that some on
the right wing think oh that's because
he's anti interventionist like he told
us and we believe whatever Trump tells
us okay those of you on the Left who
think that this issues over hyped do you
think that Russia that Trump actually is
a principle that he's in favor of peace
with Russia and he's acting out a
principle here maybe some of you do
that's not the Trump I've seen so let's
go further the president who seemed to
believe that other individual countries
would largely equal the United States
was furious that his administration was
being portrayed in the media as taking
by far the toughest stance on Russia but
why in the world would he be furious
because he's got the Russian
investigation being led by a special
counsel that he despises the idea that
he seems to be tough publicly against
Russia which seemed to help him
politically
whatever the merits of that actual
policy are he's not even mad at the
policy as much as he is mad at the
appearance publicly that he's being
tough on Russia now that is very curious
so why would he be mad about that
unless he's worried about Russia's
reaction
okay this is exceedingly clear by the
way again if you're in the right wing
you go okay I don't believe anything
that the mainstream media publishes
everything is fake news they what got in
a room and just made up stories if
you're on the left wing and you've got
some doubts about this story now you
might say a Washington Post has a bias
but do you think they went in a room
made this up or do you think that these
are actual sources from inside the White
House this is not the Washington Post
making it up there are sources there are
people inside the White House say every
time we go to touch Russia Trump gets
furious all right more growing anger
again on this issue growing angry
Trump assists that his aides had misled
him about the magnitude of the
explosions and here's a quote from their
an anonymous official saying there were
curse words a lot of curse words just
picture that scene for a second how dare
you make me look tough on Russia that's
insane
why would you say that that's a great
thing for you to look tough on Russia
again put the policy aside to look tough
on Russia would only help you
politically but apparently lots of curse
words really angry about that cuz yes
the US media is seeing it yes US
prosecutors and politicians are seeing
it but sore certain leaders in Russia
they also see things that go publicly
okay the incident reflects attention at
the core of the Trump administration is
increasingly hard-nosed stance on Russia
the president essentially opposes many
of the punitive measures pushed by his
cabinet that's again the Washington Post
now by the way there's one other thing
that we should be noted here the cabinet
is supposed to serve the president if
the president doesn't want to do it they
shouldn't do it now as you can tell I
have deep concerns about Trump's actual
motivation and as I've told you many
times before I think the overwhelming
majority of the evidence points to the
fact that he is beholden to the Russians
for whatever reason I happen to think
it's a financial reason but hopefully
the special counsel will find out the
exact facts
but a president should not be controlled
by his cabinet or by his advisors or by
defense contractors so the one thing
that that we've got to be principled on
is these people don't get to you know
the military-industrial complex and all
that don't get to tell Trump what to do
they don't get tell any president what
to do and if Trump wants to oppose them
and oppose those policies he should do
it publicly and he should be shouldn't
be afraid to do it and so but obviously
internally he doesn't want those
policies at all and it doesn't want the
American people to find out what his
motivations are that's also curious okay
now others know that Trump's ongoing
unease with his own policy even as his
administration has ratcheted up the
pressure on Putin's inner circle
Trump has continued in recent weeks to
make overtures to the Russian leader
congratulating him on his election win
and a move that frustrated his national
security team inviting him to visit the
White House so that was a sham election
so for Trump
unprompted to go and call Putin and say
congratulations on a wonderful victory
that also is an indication one more time
because apparently people need
overwhelming proof that he would like to
be on good terms with Vladimir Putin to
say the least
now back to the attack on British soil
initially the president was hesitant to
believe the intelligence that Russia was
behind the attack in fact that some
aides attributed to his contrary and
personality and tendency to look for
deeper conspiracies to persuade him his
advisers warned that he would get
hammered in the press if he was out of
step with US allies officials said
apparently it took a long time to
convince him and again since these are
Trump advisors and aides they're giving
the president the benefit of the doubt
they think no he doesn't have a deal
with the Russians he's just you know
contrary and he has different
philosophies and he thinks maybe someone
else did the poisoning someone else
might have done the poisoning of a
Russian agent that turned on the
Russians why why would they do that okay
anyway
that's not why he never wants to punish
the Russians so I'll get to my
conclusion on which way our government
should go in a second but first again
last thing here to figure it out
remember they actually did do sanctions
on Russia and I pointed that out as well
no it's also because Congress
overwhelmingly vote voted for it
Trump seemed to be against it didn't
enforce it for a long long time so what
was the internal deliberations on that
in late July Congress overwhelmingly
approved new sanctions on Moscow that
were widely seen as a rebuke of Trump's
efforts to reach out to Putin
it took aides for days to persuade Trump
to sign the bill which had cleared with
a veto-proof majority let me give you
more detail the Senate voted 98 to 2
there was no way that a trump veto was
gonna stand they were gonna override the
veto so he had absolutely no choice and
he still took four days to sign a bill
and had to be convinced by his aides so
look when it comes to policy I don't
agree with the national security team
that we need to be more antagonistic
towards Russia or certainly that we need
to do bombings in the middle of Syria
without proper investigation or evidence
so it's a funny thing but but in terms
of the policy certainly as it regards to
Syria
I agree more with Trump than I do with
his national security team but in terms
of who's on which side the national
security team is overly aggressive
against Russia but clearly they are the
ones that are pushing the sanctions that
attacks any kind of rebuke of Putin or
Russia clearly they're on that side and
clearly on the other side is Donald
Trump saying no don't do it to the
Russians don't don't don't don't
over and over and over again and
whatever he does do it it's because it
took four days to convince him that he
basically had no choice so it's come on
look again if you're in the right wing
you just don't believe anything that's
in the news and you don't believe any
facts or reason but I'm asking you if
you're an independent or on the left
wing so look at the real
the matter and say okay here's where we
are on policy here's where we are in
Syria or sanctions and everybody has
different opinions on that but in terms
of whether Trump doesn't want to act
against Russia do you really believe
it's out of principle because Trump is
so enamored with peace and that this is
the one guy Putin that he doesn't want
to do harsh words against finally after
over a year in office in regards to the
chemical attacks he put it in a tweet
and named Putin and so that's fair
that's a data point to okay but overall
the overwhelming majority of the data
points - he does not want to criticize
Putin no matter what happens so here we
are and and again for whatever reason if
you want to say no you think Trump's a
man of principle and and he has been
perfectly tough on Russia because he
wanted to be and you just don't believe
any of the reporting on the issue that's
a curious choice to the rest of us it
appears fairly obvious that Trump does
not want to criticize or punish Russia
sometimes that's a good thing in terms
of policy sometimes it's not a good
thing but either way I don't think he's
doing it out of principle I think he's
doing it based on whatever motivations
ties him personally to Russia you just
watch the video by the young turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
