so Michael Cohen's officer rated as you
know his home motel room etc he
apparently has three clients Donald
Trump we know about well another guy we
didn't know about his name is Brody and
we found out about him because of this
partly because of this raid he outed
himself when it looked like people were
gonna find out who he is
he is a person high up in the Republican
Party these days mainly because he gives
an incredible amount to Republicans he
also gave an incredible amount to his
mistress who was a Playboy model
he gave her one point six million
dollars and she had an abortion with a
kid that she said she was gonna have
with him now we don't know if she was
telling the truth or not whether she was
actually pregnant but she claims she had
an abortion and the guy says why paid on
a 1.6 million dollars but not for the
abortion if you say so
now those are two of the three clients
the third client we didn't know so
here's what happened in the proceedings
as you can tell I think you're about to
find out who it is disclosing the
identity of this third unnamed client or
other previous clients Cohan has engaged
would quote according to his lawyers
most certainly be embarrassing and
detrimental to those clients well it has
been so far looking forward to more
Cohen's team has not met the standard
for any exception to the notion that
client identity and even fee
arrangements must be revealed according
to Judge Kim but would so she's hearing
them out on that and she says no there
is no law that says it's gonna be
embarrassing to your client so we have
to keep his name hidden that's not
really how it works and you're not even
proposing a legal precedent that I could
rule on here so continuing I understand
that he doesn't want his name out there
but that's not enough under the law
according to George wood so finally they
say all right give us the client nearly
can we write it down like no no just say
it who's the client and they had to
finally say in court the clients name is
Sean Hannity don don don don as the
world turns now obviously that's why
you're looking at handy's picture on the
graphic so we turn it Hannity for
his response we've been friends a long
time referring to Michael Cohen well I
am sought legal advice from Michael well
do tell on what there was a report out
today that it might have been on the
issue of the ad boycotts on Fox News and
perhaps Hannity hiring private
investigators to go after left-wing
groups who might have started those
boycotts but Hannity came out with a
statement later saying no that was not
it that's interesting so that's not it
what is it that remember the other two
clients are Donald Trump in a world of
legal trouble and panicked over what
they might find and Brody who paid a
Playboy model mistress one point six
million dollars so jeezum Lord Mersey
Anna T what have you done
so here's more tweets from Hannity
responding Michael Cohen has never
represented me in any manner I never
retained and received an invoice or paid
legal fees I've occasionally had brief
discussions with him about legal
questions about which I wanted his input
and perspective but that's not what the
papers say the papers say your client
number three so acknowledges that he did
talk to Michael Cohen and asked for
legal advice he says he wasn't building
wasn't officially a client and it none
of this is important please look away
mmm
so wait by the way are you calling
Michael Cohen a liar because I'm sure
investigators a prosecutors looking into
the different criminal actions of
Michael Cohen might want to talk to you
if you think Michael Cohen is a liar and
you weren't actually his client that's
also interesting Hannity says in another
tweet I assumed those conversations were
confidential but to be absolutely clear
but they never involved any matter
between me and a third party hmm what
third party might they involve we'll get
to that in a second but first I'm amused
by Fox News's reaction to this story
this is the entirety of it when it broke
watch now in today's proceedings that
are underway right now Stephen Ryan one
of Cohen's attorneys was asked by the
judge to specifically name the other
name because they said it would not fall
under attorney-client privilege to
withhold that name
and he stood up and named him as Sean
Hannity so moving on to the rest of
what's happening today indeed
so moving on anyway let's never speak of
it again a little different reaction on
MSNBC firmed inside that courtroom that
the third client Michael Cohen's third
client is Sean Hannity Wow all this is
yours first
moving on to Wow okay now is harity
concerned about himself now look at this
clip where he's talking to Steve Bannon
there's a little while back and he says
something curious here's Sean Hannity
talking about it's a banana republic
they're willing to destroy this country
to keep control okay by the way people
like us may end up in jail money tight
they will keep they will stop at nothing
this is what I'm trying to get across
the people
this is serious people like you might
wind up in jail
that would be one reason to have an
attorney do tell Sean on what charges
okay so now some folks have brought up
the old charges that Debbie Schlussel
leveled at him she's another
conservative commentator now we go to
Rachel Stockman reporting for a law on
crime it is unclear what Cohen's
representation was regarding it was not
revealed in court however there was a
recent media scandal involving a woman
who accused Hannity of making unwanted
sexual advances which matched the time
frame exactly in addition at the time
Hannity said that he had retained a team
of lawyers to fight the false
accusations
okay well Michael Cole is a lawyer so I
don't know why he doesn't admit it but I
don't know that that's the reason at all
for reasons I'll get to in one second in
April 2017 Debbie Schlussel a former Fox
News guest appeared on a local radio
show last April and recounted an
incident where she claims Sean Hannity
asked her to a hotel and when she
rebuffed his advances she claims she was
ostracized by the network star now I'm
gonna be fair to Sean Hannity here
probably something he favored he would
probably not return but Debbie Schlussel
if you've ever seen her work is not the
most trusted source for news and in that
case later she won't went on to say well
I didn't invite me do is hotel room he
invited me to a hotel and they were on
location in Detroit and she said well
they didn't let me on after I said no
and then she clarified well they did let
me on again but afterwards I was banned
which one is it and if you were banned
afterwards why she says oh it's because
they were discriminating against me
they claimed it was because I you know
because of my performance well we do
have a performance on tape now these
were some YouTube videos that she used
to put up until we commented on them and
she got so embarrassed she left YouTube
altogether anyways here is for better or
for worse and trust me it's for worse
Debbie Schlussel
hustle for Debbie Does politics so the
queen of daytime talk has endorsed B oh
no not the smelly Bo but the
presidential bee oh that's right oprah
winfrey endorsed barack obama as you've
probably heard no not that kind of bee
oh there is some chance that fox news
didn't discriminate but didn't find her
to be a compelling guest or apparently a
compelling editor i'm needlessly amused
by this part but look at the edits here
in this video about $2,300 which she
must have misstated in the beginning of
watch while we're all regulated to a
lousy $2,300 for presidential candidate
sure i can't really afford to pay
thousands candidate of my choice okay
now now we're beating her tunis anyway
I'm not sure that I believe Debbie
Schlussel charges her they they're not
even churches he said I didn't file
anything legally and she says I don't
even know if I'd characterize it as
sexual harassment but he's a creep and
all this stuff so they've got a war
going on there I don't know why Hannity
wouldn't admit it was crucial for was
Schlussel
that's probably a winning argument for
him so there's some chance it's not
Slough so and if it's not Schlussel and
it's not the ad boycott and it's
something they that cones own lawyers
said would be very detrimental to a
client number three Sean we're all dying
to find out what was it tick tock tick
tock until we find out but meanwhile let
this speculation run amok throughout the
internet you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
