Donald Trump was answering some
questions from reporters on Air Force
One and one of the big concerns after
the confirmation of Judge Brett
Kavanaugh as a Supreme Court justice has
been how women in the country feel about
all of this now there were multiple
accusations regarding sexual assault
lodged against judge Kavanaugh and so is
Donald Trump at all concerned about
women well here's his answer how this is
a moment for young men across the
country so it was a scary moment what is
your message today to the women across
this country who are feeling devastated
feeling like the message that's been
sent I don't think I think actually that
women
look can you look at the biggest fans
that I can tell you that the people
that's hooked to be imposing this
weather in the strongest of terms in his
favor were women we have a lot of women
that are extremely has tremendous number
because they're thinking of their sons
they're thinking of their husbands and
their brothers their uncles and others
so he believes that women overall are
much more concerned about the well-being
of men and that they're not concerned
about themselves at all they're not
concerned that if they are ever sexually
assaulted by a man in a position of
power that they shouldn't speak out
about it because their lives will be
ruined and the person who is the alleged
perpetrator will then go on to be in the
highest court of the way no but but as
usual he can't help but be over-the-top
absurd
women are tremendously happy about it
really really you saw a poll where women
at large in the country were quote
tremendously happy about Cavanaugh being
confirmed no actual poll indicates that
not even close who is he thinking yeah
probably people like judge Jeanine Pirro
he went on her show she is a woman and
she will say anything to cozy up to
Donald Trump so she says no you did a
great job it's like a woman are
tremendously happy about Cavanaugh total
freaking clown is as always right so and
then but it's and they're they're the
ones that are strongest in their support
of Calvin hey what are you gonna do with
a guy who's a habitual pathological liar
I mean what are you gonna correct the
record of no this is the same guy who
said that he beat Abraham Lincoln in a
poll there well there was no polls in
Abraham Lincoln's time I mean what are
you gonna do with a guy like this
so of course he's saying nonsensical
things but I could break it down further
so every guy should be nervous no wait a
minute first of all I think I'm in a
decent position to speak here I wrote
some bad things back when I was younger
and more and conservative and I wanted
to be more shocking and politically
incorrect etc so that was used against
me by the right-wing
so if actually they do this hatchet job
all the time even though in my case I
didn't get caught I
we changed my point of view decades ago
and deleted that stuff decades ago
because I said look that doesn't
represent me
but the right wing used it as a hatchet
job so if anyone knows what a hatchet
job is it's me okay so no if but I did
write those things if you didn't attempt
to rape anyone unless you're a left
winger and the right wing is just gonna
make up stuff about you which they do
all the time I think that's why they
assumed they're Democrats do it too
because they're like we're filthy liars
and we'll live for political reasons and
destroy people's lives at the drop of a
hat we won't think twice about it so
they knew projection onto Democrats
progressives etc but if is he saying
that oh now you got to worry about your
sons if they try to rape someone now
it's gonna come back to them well I
think you should be worried about that
yeah if you try to rape someone and we
find out about it and they're going to
have one of the most powerful jobs in
the country yeah you should okay yeah I
hope we do find out about it and I you
should be worried in terms of making
things up really if you're a plumber or
you're a dentist somehow somebody is
gonna like something that you didn't do
and you're gonna find people that are
gonna testify to it and they were gonna
pass a polygraph test that I'm gonna
have credible testimony that stands up
to all the questions thrown at you all
those things are gonna come out of the
woodwork for two why right no they just
want to say no I'm Andy remember all
this stuff you did or all the stuff you
did these guys are gonna find you trying
to find out about it when of course we
just want to cover it up right yeah and
guys sorry I know one last thing about
that there are degrees for Christ's sake
we're not talking about what somebody
said in high school okay we're talking
about attempted rape and we set it on
day one we said well Manny you're gonna
go back to high school you better have a
high bar and it was a high bar it wasn't
like hey he did something stupid while
in high school we all did something
stupid in high school right we've said
it a billion times with a but again they
turned aggressor into the victim
examined the victim into some sort of
you know hatchet person yeah and one of
the more frustrating things that came
out of this so I was listening to this
podcast called left right and center
and the episode from last Friday
featured a Washington Post reporter
someone who considers himself a liberal
I forget her name at the moment sorry
but she kept talking about how this sets
a pretty dangerous precedent especially
when people start going back into your
high school years or your college years
and they start judging you by your
actions regarding drinking and partying
whatever no no but look everything has
to be in context right so yes I agree
you set a dangerous standard when you
start going into someone's high school
experience or college experience you
start judging them based on their
drinking or their partying but we did it
in the context of an individual who was
lying over and over again during this
hearing so he was minimized he brought
that onto himself he minimized his
behavior in both high school and college
in the context of this hearing to
decipher whether or not he committed
alleged attempted rape right so why did
he lie so many times I mean that brings
his credibility into question it's not
like that it would that was brought up
out of nowhere that was brought up
because of his minimizing of his
behavior when he was younger but
nonetheless like if you look at the
statistics when it comes to rape
allegations the vast majority of those
rape allegations are not false there is
a tiny fraction tiny percentage that end
up being false so if you have not
committed any type of crime in the past
if you've never sexually assaulted
someone in the past you have nothing to
worry about
but they successfully fearmonger that's
what the Republican Party does with a
number of issues whether it's foreign
policy issues or issues like this
involving rape or attempted rape they'll
somehow convince people that the real
enemy here is the alleged victim yeah
and but finally coming back around to
his comments about women which grabbed
the most attention out of these
particular comments because he's been
talking about poor poor men poor men who
go to Ivy League schools and are
appointed to and confirm to Supreme
Court justices when will they ever get
power in this country I mean that's just
that's the standard shtick or become
president by the way that's the standard
but in this case him going over the top
and goes or the women loved it go when
you confirm a Supreme Court justice that
is accused of attempted rape women love
it
they're detergents - they're the
strongest advocates for it and they're
tremendously happy about it
Oh for Christ's sake just buzz off right
just stop talking for a second you're
the most annoying person on the planet
on the go don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT calm
slash podcast
