all right I want to talk more about
James commis book first I want you to be
context don't get me wrong do I trust
James Comey more than I trust Donald
Trump
I'm only by a million miles so Donald
Trump's a pathological liar I do I think
Comey took notes that were accurate
about their meeting and that Trump asked
for his loyalty and to stop the
investigation I absolutely believe that
there's overwhelming evidence for that
that's your context but Trump is right
about one thing about Comey and by the
way before I get to that further context
that's the thing about people you know
when you're the FBI director you're
powerful you're behind the curtain you
don't go in public very often you don't
speak out you don't tweet and that
maintains a shroud of secrecy and
mystery and power behind you know and
when you speak out and you open your
mouth everybody realizes oh he's just
another guy and he says a lot of things
that make sense some things that are
questionable as I'm about to tell you
now and other things that seem a little
petty to be honest and then he has some
good cutting lines that are kind of
funny about Donald Trump okay so it
turns out shockingly he's human and
there's a great saying in Chinese and
which I'll now butcher about how
everybody trusts the monk from faraway
village why cuz the monk in your village
you grew up with and you realize that
guys are schmuck the guy from the far
away village seems mysterious and
powerful and all-knowing etc so as long
as Comey wasn't speaking and writing
books he seemed to be the monk from far
away village now he looks like our
village monk take it as you will and by
the way he's not an idiot he's
incredibly smart an overall principal
but there are issues so let me get to it
here so having given you all that
context the thing that Trump is right
about and he tweeted about it this
morning and yes in his usual vociferous
preposterous way but the essence of it
is correct Comey said then he would have
acted differently if Trump was winning
the polls right before the election so
when talking about his public
announcement that he'll
Clinton investigation would be reopened
Comey said well I want to make sure that
her victory and her presidency was not
tainted as she was I considered an
illegitimate president so he was being
extra safe by saying that he reopened an
investigation because he knew that that
would come out later and that he should
make a public statement about it if it's
going to be found out later that he was
privately reopening the investigation
well then they asked them okay if Trump
was leading in the polls
would you have publicly said that and he
said I don't know that I would have well
that's problematic so number one you're
saying that you did it for appearances
rather than what is right that's a huge
problem number two you're saying that
you did it for political reasons
basically if Trump was leading you might
not have made the same decision because
you were worried that Trump might win
well then you made a deeply political
decision that was not based on the law
that is problematic really problematic
and then point number three is now we
know you didn't want Trump to win
because if you thought he was winning
you would not have announced that you're
reopening the investigation on Hillary
Clinton that's deeply problematic number
three now it all rock rose on the same
issue and I know what the Trump guys
will do they'll take one thing out of a
hundred or 20 or whatever you Matthieu
want to do on it and say that sarcoma is
the worst that proves Trump is right
about everything else no it doesn't
prove that Trump is right about
everything else but we have to be fair
and what's fair is fair which is that in
that case kkoma made a deeply political
decision one that wound up helping Trump
immensely although we now know he didn't
mean to help Trump so those are
irrelevant factors in considering commis
motivations so you can say broken clock
strike a couple times a day you could
say a hundred different things but on
this one I'm gonna have to give it to
Trump over Comey on everything else
Trump is not to be trusted
so trying to be fair here
