Fox wants to do Trump a favor right they
want to give Trump some advice on how he
can distract the American people from
all this negative attention that he's
been getting and what you're about to
watch right now is incredibly scary and
destructive when you consider the fact
that Trump watches Fox religiously and
he usually acts or reacts to whatever it
is whatever advice they give him on
these various shows on Fox so let's take
a look at this video from Fox & Friends
do you think this will be the number one
story oh I have no doubt that Comey and
and now that the $30,000 pay off to a
doorman about a purported lovechild bill
if the president in France and the UK
decide to strike Syria don't you think
that story would be a bigger story than
commis book that's released on Tuesday
didn't actually address her question he
kind of pivoted towards something a
little different but what I thought was
interesting was that she made that
suggestion I mean that is incredibly
scary because Trump does listen to Fox
does watch it and oftentimes does take
whatever advice its hosts have I mean
the idea of engaging or escalating war
in Syria just so you can distract people
from what's going on is terrifying and I
do not
I think it's feasible I think it's
something Trump would consider doing I
think even Geraldo if you look in that
clip he was in his eyes before he
answered he was I think he computed that
Donald Trump was watching this if I
agree with her right now that I'm kind
of throw myself under the bus so you're
absolutely right that this signals being
sung here's the scary you know the
Constitutional Convention at one time
they debated perhaps having a
triumvirate as president I think we've
got it now and the Steve Doocy and
Ainsley Earhardt and Brian kill me god
save the Republic yes so I totally agree
with mozz Geraldo clearly was like oh
say that we're not supposed to say that
out loud right so that's why he did the
pivot watch this weekend right and so as
I was saying earlier in the show the the
these allies of the President the right
way allies are using Fox News as a
switchboard to get to him so here is Fox
News saying now wouldn't it be a good
idea of the president word of fire
Rosenstein on Tuesday or in his case
bomb Syria on Tuesday right so the
firing the roses citing the Muller was
mark meadows on an earlier clip in this
case it's Ainsley Earhardt saying why
don't you start a war mr. president I'm
terrified I I'm so scared that he is
going to make the decision to you know
to escalate war in Syria that you know
we're gonna send more troops there I do
not want to engage in war in Syria and I
just if Fox News continues this talking
point I have no doubt that he's gonna
listen what he does there it's been a
week the wreath this is Donald dot not
Donald Trump's normal pace right - wait
- wait a week to take his -
right no he waited he's waiting until
that's the right timing to announce this
attack on Syria and I think he heard it
from him or he's gonna hear it from her
yes so Sunday Co big interview is with
ABC comes out tuesdays when the book
comes out so sometime right around that
yeah the two things to look out for is
rosen stein getting fired both because
he wants to screw up the investigation
and obstruct justice again but also
wants to use it as timing to detract
from the Comey issue and now even worse
starting a war and they're brazenly
basically asking him to do it on
national television starting a war
getting people killed let alone all the
other incredibly damaging things that
happen in a war playing with people's
lives to distract people from the
political mess that donald trump is in
and the fact that fox says that with no
conscious at all like hey wouldn't it be
a good idea to start a war like people
then wouldn't pay any attention to the
COMESA wouldn't it it's I mean just when
you thought Fox News and this whole
right-wing mess couldn't get any lower
they somehow find a way to get lower and
go beyond the bottom of the barrel
there's a sociopathic mentality and a
lack of sympathy and empathy for for
victims in the world so to even suggest
that idea of hey what about cuz cuz it's
it's not a debate that they're having
going oh there's these serious issues
series of serious issue what if we went
what if a war were to happen at within
Syria what would you know do we stay you
know how do we cover this you know it's
it's not it's not a constructive debate
it really was like all she'd had the
only thing missing from that clip was
her going winking and go you know what
I'm saying or how about say wag the dog
wag the dog you just watch the video by
The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
