a new report has been released in regard
to the firing of Andrew McCabe and
Donald Trump is very happy about this
report it's coming from the Justice
Department's inspector general and
according to this report it accused
Andrew McCabe the former FBI deputy
director of repeatedly misleading
investigators now remember when McCabe
was fired by Jeff Sessions Jeff Sessions
stated that there was a lack of candor
when it came to McCabe and that was the
reason for firing him when investigators
asked whether he had instructed aides to
provide information in October of 2016
to a reporter with The Wall Street
Journal Mr McCabe said he did not
authorize the disclosure and did not
know who did
but McCabe did approve the FBI's contact
with the reporter that's according to
this report also McCabe's disclosure of
the existence of the ongoing
investigation in the manner described in
the report violated media policy of the
FBI and Justice Department and
constituted misconduct again this is
according to the report that was
released by the Inspector General Donald
Trump responded to this in a typical
Donald Trump fashion let's go to his
tweet DOJ just issued the McCabe report
which is a total disaster he lied lied
lied McCabe was totally controlled by
Comey McCabe is company no collusion all
made up by this den of thieves and
lowlifes again just a moment in time
imagine if Obama had just sent that one
tweet just that one tweet dozens of
congressional investigations he's lost
his mind we're thinking of using the
25th amendment everything out of the Sun
that tweet we I know we've not gotten
used to Donald Trump being insane but we
shouldn't be the emperor has no mind
that tweet is totally insane okay and
now the fun part totally wrong why what
is that's his opinion what do you mean
wrong the Inspector John report which
Trump of course did not read actually
blames McCabe it does that part is true
okay it blames McCabe for lying to call
me and undermining it they were against
one another the whole point of the
report is I can't believe McCabe lied to
co me Trump tweets out you see McCabe
and Co me working together the whole
time that's the exact opposite of what
the report says that the whole problem
with McCabe was that he dared to lie to
Co me intrusive gut you see that call me
Mae and McKay no difference they're the
same guy just read it for a second I
know you're not gonna read it cuz you're
not you can't read apparently have a
staffer come in and say hey mr.
president before you send your next to
st. weed let me roughly tell you what's
in the stupid report before you go out
and act like a madman and embarrass and
humiliate yourself in the country as
usual I've been using Trump's not
reading as a way to encourage my
seven-year-old to read my seven-year-old
daughter doesn't like Trump when she
doesn't read I go do you want to be like
Donald Trump and then she goes okay I'll
read so it's working so Thank You mr.
Trump that's pretty sad isn't it is that
but you gotta understand to the whole
push here against mccabe is an attempt
for them to undermine robert muller in
the whole investigation and whatever
happens to this report III think we can
take some comfort in that's not going to
happen I mean Muller is he's a serious
guy he's on the right track unless they
fire Muller and then all hell breaks
loose but but so but it does have
relevance and and I want to make one
more point about of this that almost no
one else is making because it provides
context so first of all the part that
people do now is it's it's relevant
because McCabe might actually be part of
the trial at one point yes he
corroborated commis notes that Comey
took at the time now come--and McCabe
don't like each other but McCabe's
testimony is going to be according to
what he said already in public
yeah Comey was right about that he did
talk to Trump and apparently Trump did
at least commis notes indicated Trump
said that on that day now a report comes
out saying what mccabe has had trouble
with candor in the past but that was in
regards to how he was trying to
undermine Comey
so if you're a jury if it comes to that
you might say well in some ways that
maybe makes became more credible because
he doesn't like Co me and he's still
saying Co me was right about this but
Trump's lawyers would certainly get to
say this guy's a liar we told you it was
a liar you should just get on all of his
testimony and hence you should discount
commis notes of Trump saying
inappropriate and possibly illegal
things that led to obstruction of
justice that's the whole point behind
this it sounds like a constant theme but
I keep water come back to the timing -
we've been why did this break today
we've heard about this McCabe report has
been predicted for the last two weeks
yeah in Washington it hits today the
same day suddenly we're hearing about
James Comey they're trying to undermine
Comey Muller McCabe anything to do with
I think the basic point is Donald Trump
sees the Department of Justice not as
this independent department to enforce
the laws of the land but as a bunch of
lawyers who were there to protect him
his personal big sacrament funded
attorneys that's what he sees them as
and that is not what they are supposed
to do they are supposed to be
independent they are supposed to uphold
the laws and you know it's just it I
always my mind always goes back to the
Republican National Convention and how
speech after speech talked about Trump
being the law-and-order president and
they were talking about that in the
context of police shootings
where all these unarmed people were
getting shot and killed and how they
supported those cops and and and how all
those people who got shot and killed
deserved it in that context he's the law
and order president when it comes to
everything else how is he I mean he is
not a law-and-order president at all and
and he only wants to protect himself
wants to protect those who are loyal to
him and he's setting this standard and
and honestly kind of like a warning to
anyone who's around him if you're not
loyal to me if you don't do my bidding
you will be gone and I don't know why
anyone would want to work in an
environment like that so the thing that
people are not talking about is so yeah
he leaked McCabe
and then he lied about it which is what
every leaker does the good wasn't me so
you actually could get almost any
government official on the same exact
thing so it's called selective
prosecution so Trump pressured and
pressured the Inspector General to go do
a report on michaiah and then they got
him for lying about this and I'm sure he
did lie I believe the Inspector General
lied about that became lied about this
but you could do it to every single
Trump staffer if you wanted to how about
you well he leaks he leaks and lies and
there was a great report at one point
where they said that they found the
primary culprit in in the leaks and they
were trying to figure out was it Reince
Priebus was a Steve ban and etc they
realized no he's in the building it's
Trump because that night he would go to
his private residence and call his
buddies and believe this happened and
then that happened and his friends would
leak it to the press so if you had an
inspector general report about Trump
they would say he lacks candor and is
leaking and then lying about leaking
right so so it's easy to smear McCabe
and say I can't believe he did a leak
and I can't believe he lied about it but
remember it's selective prosecution they
could do it to almost anyone in
Washington and they do do it in this
case to target McCabe because of the
investigation not because they're
genuinely concerned he leaked in a tweet
a while ago he leaks in his own tweets
sometimes where he I forget what it was
but he admitted to something that was
the one that he said the lawyer had done
remember they claimed this lawyer for
sending the tweet that one time they say
that's right you know what the thing was
specifically but he leaked some it was
ancient classified I think yeah or was
something he was admitting to something
and then this one was like dude he just
admitted to doing and whatever was I
don't know collusion or whatever yeah oh
that was my lawyer did that you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
