there have been a lot of things that are
going around going on around the country
having to do with teachers and three two
states in particular we're gonna talk
about Oklahoma Kentucky in Arizona let's
talk about Oklahoma teachers there have
just ended a nine-day walkout where they
got a lot of what they asked for well
they asked for $10,000 in raises the
result teachers want to raise about
$6,000 depending on the experience while
members of schools support staff will
see a raise of 1250 they got in total
about 479 million dollars in extra money
405 will go to pay for staff and then
the rest will go to textbooks health
coverage state aid etc in terms of how
to pay for it that was a little dicey er
they originally wanted a repeal of a
capital gains tax which would fall on
wealthier citizens instead the
republican-controlled legislature and
governor mary Fallon instituted new or
higher taxes on oil and gas production
tobacco motor fuels and online sales the
state will also allow ball and dice
gambling which will be taxed these
movement this movement started out on
Facebook and then kind of went toward
the unions you don't have to be in this
teachers union you it's voluntary so it
started with more grassroots and then
the Union came over and made a push for
that so that's what happened there
Kentucky they had a day of action and
that day I've actually haven't really
gotten anything yet according to reports
that we've read what were they asking
for originally they said that the
Kentucky Education Association
strongly opposes a pension reform bill
under which new hires will have to enter
a hybrid cash balance plan as opposed to
a traditional pension the differences
the traditional pension is you
essentially get a fixed amount every
year and it's based on your highest
earning years a cash balance plan is
based on like your overall time there
and there and they contribute a little
bit it's more like a 401k it also lists
limits new six days teachers can put
toward retirement this has been signed
recently by the governor in addition to
that they are also asking for an
override of governor Matt Bevins vetoes
of budget and revenue bills both of
which the Union said are crucial to
funding public education
so keep an eye on that that was their
day of action and finally in Arizona the
teachers wanted a 20% raise the
counteroffer from the governor was how
about a 1% raise my god they went back
and forth and the conclusion was the
counteroffer to the counteroffer
it's a 20% raise that they're getting
for teachers in in Arizona under the
governor Doug Ducey's proposal teachers
pay would increase 9% in the 2018 school
year and then another 5% for the next
two years in addition to the 1% he
originally offered boosting average
salary to 58,000 130 from the current 48
thousand two hundred 372 by 2020 so
there you go
I love these teachers strikes and it's
about time people fought back I love
that it started in red states I love
that it's parents that are helping the
strikers I remember reading in Oklahoma
where the mom was like I just had enough
she's like I raise my taxes Rick
whatever I don't care
raise taxes because our kids are not
learning and what's the point if we've
like destroyed our kids future and so
and it's working you know why they
they're not paying the teachers as much
until these strikes began because they
can get away with it there's non-stop
lobbyists now push for tax cuts for the
rich in Oklahoma they did about a
billion dollar tax cut so the teachers
said why don't we reverse that and spend
it towards education and educating
everybody's kids and the answers by
Republicans in Oklahoma was no way under
no circumstances so if you're wondering
why oil and gas tax among other things
like the sales tax that were increased
in Oklahoma because those taxes all are
regressive they get applied across the
board so if you pay a sales tax that's a
much bigger percentage of your income if
you're poor or middle-class than it is
for a rich person but the the taxes that
they cut help the rich more so it's all
about well I don't want to reverse those
taxes because those mainly help the rich
I could increase taxes that mainly fall
on the middle class and the poor that
I'll do by the way the oil industry is
now trying to put on a referendum in
Oklahoma to reverse that tax anyway
they're gonna fight no matter what
they're really gonna struggle oil and
gas companies historically have had a
really hard time with profits so these
taxes are really gonna hurt them but you
know you mentioned that you love that
it's happening in red states this all
started with West Virginia teachers in
West Virginia were frustrated with the
fact that they hadn't gotten raises in a
long time that their schools were
underfunded and so they did protest and
they did get what they wanted and that
inspired teachers in other red states to
act and I think the reason why we're
seeing it in red states is because these
are the various states that are more
likely to cut taxes on the wealthy
they're the ones who think that high
taxes are a bad idea or paying your fair
share of taxes is a bad idea
and so they continuously defund
education and it lowers the quality of
the education in these states if you
look at a list of teacher salaries and
you rank those teacher salaries from the
lowest to the highest at the very top
you're gonna see those very red states
that we're talking about right now there
are those states that pay them the least
and give them the least benefits and so
it's just something to keep in mind if
you're living in a red state have
children going to public schools and
happen to vote for conservatives they
don't have your best interests in mind
they don't have your kids best interests
in mind they have the wealthy best
interest in mind
I think these teachers especially in
Oklahoma it's a really interesting
indication of what could come this fall
because they're being so strategic
they're saying we're gonna end this this
walkout we're gonna take the gains that
we've made and we're gonna come back and
we're gonna run against all the people
who have put obstacles in our way like
Cindy Ralston who was a teacher for 30
years in Oklahoma and after she was very
offended by her state representative
Kevin MacDougall not showing any
interest in in adding more resources to
the schools there she just decided I'm
gonna run against him so I think it's
super strategic and for the goals that
they are trying to meet I think it's a
pretty smart strategy yet teachers
unions you look at a state like Oklahoma
there's you would think that unions
would have more power and they do
traditionally in collective bargaining
states as opposed
Collective Bargaining states but there
is this weird thing with teacher unions
and I studied this in college which was
in states that don't have a lot of
infrastructure and have been gutted the
teachers unions are really can can be
really strong because there's teachers
everywhere and if you they can fundraise
around the state and if you need to go
to the Statehouse as a representative
you do get elected there's someone who
can substitute for you because they have
a plan for substitute teachers I have
studied this extensively in Alabama a
non collective bargain see that has no
business having strong teachers unions
but Paul Hubbard for those of you who
follow Alabama politics was called the
800-pound gorilla of Alabama politics
and that's because he had the teachers
unions he had the teachers union behind
him and he was able to dictate policy
for a lot of things in Alabama it's it's
actually these teachers units can be
really strong if they do organize well
so they should be a role model for
everyone else because it turns out if
you use your power you actually can get
a little bit of justice but if you don't
use your power then you're gonna get
nothing in West Virginia and in Kentucky
they went about a decade without a raise
I think in West Virginia they went
nearly two decades and where they're the
their real income had actually declined
when you took indicate into effect their
health insurance premiums because those
kept rising where their incomes didn't
and inflation over awesome yeah let
alone inflation by the way let alone
inflation and so if you don't fight back
the people who have lobbyists and the
donors are gonna win but if you do fight
back you actually have a shot because we
do still have elections I know that they
overwhelmed elections with their money
and their ads and their propaganda but
look if I'm being overly optimistic and
sometimes I am and it's and I framed
that way because I'm not positive but
there is a chance that the Great
Awakening has begun in the red states
where people look around and go yeah you
know we tried not giving everything to
the rich and to corporations for like 40
50 years and where has it gotten us and
the red states are the poorest states
you know so I'm not under an illusion
that there
I'm gonna wake up one day and let go of
the social causes but they're gonna wake
up and be largely pro-choice no but I
think that they're looking around at the
devastation of their lives
and they and the wages that have been
flat for so long
there they go I don't think this worked
in a way the Hillary Clinton Donald
Trump election was that because they
were so mad at the establishment
rightfully so but you gotta look at your
own state's establishment and what
they've been doing and what did they
establish him both are probably Democrat
do at the national level give to their
donors give to the rich give to the
corporation's who pay them so wake up
and smell the corruption and as you do
realize in your States it's largely the
Republicans so I think the fight back is
amazing for God's sake learn from them
use your power we're living in a country
where all these teachers if they combine
their salaries they still wouldn't make
as much as Tristan Thompson ourselves
are we okay with that as a society if
you liked this video bless your heart we
got a lot more where that came from we
do a full show every day Monday through
Friday come enjoy ad-free by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
