following James commis release or sunt
released book a higher loyalty truth
lies and leadership it is his memoir
Donald Trump has responded reacted to
some of the teases that have come out
already from media interviews that Comey
has already done now I love this part of
the story because again it highlights
just the type of person Trump is and how
he loses his mind anytime anyone says
anything negative about him let's go to
graphic 21 he says James Comey is a
proven liar and leaker and liar
virtually everyone in Washington thought
he should be fired for the terrible job
he did until he was in fact fired really
everyone in Washington he leaked
classified information for which he
should be prosecuted he lied to Congress
under oath he is a weak and untruthful
slimeball who was as time has proven a
terrible director of the FBI his
handling of the crooked Hillary Clinton
case and the events surrounding it will
go down as one of the worst botched jobs
of history it was my great honor to fire
James Comey okay so let's throw some
ironies here there so today he pardoned
scooter libby who was convicted because
of leaking so he apparently thinks
leaking is no big deal but goes and says
what a terrible leaker James Comey is
and that's why he's such a bad guy then
second of all he's saying oh he botched
the Hillary Clinton investigation
if you read the Rod Rosenstein memo on
why the Trump administration
theoretically fired James Comey it was
because he was too hard on Hillary
Clinton that he shouldn't have done that
press conference eleven days before and
he shouldn't have done the press
conference earlier saying he's not gonna
charge her but she had committed
terrible mistakes so we are led to
believe by Donald Trump that he's really
upset with James Comey because of how he
badly treated Hillary Clinton yeah does
anyone in their right mind believe that
if you're a trump supporter you don't
believe that you think that trumps like
I call me oh come on
I'll never forgive him for what he did
for Trump to call anybody a slimeball I
mean wasn't there some one of the rooms
like it's a little too close to who you
are you know he's the biggest slimeball
that's out he's really in every aspect
whether it's with women or in business
or now in politics or ever it with his
kids with ease as he is he's a slime
beach ball slime beach ball calling this
guy slime ball
so the RNC has also been attempting to
discredit Comey as much as they possibly
can because they knew this memoir was
coming out they knew that Comey had some
interesting things to say about Trump
and so they came out with a website in
order to discredit him they also
responded to the initial reports of the
Comey memoir with this it's a
photoshopped cover of the book a higher
loyalty to me myself and I got him
so that was their response also they
included in this very tweet links back
to Lyon Co me.com a website paid for by
the Republican National Committee the
site floats the idea that Comey is an
obstructionist a liar and a leaker they
also say in that website that James
Comey wants to portray himself as a
nonpartisan by-the-book Boy Scout rather
than a politically motivated Washington
insider and it includes a mash-up of
recycled footage featuring prominent
Democrats criticizing Comey okay but
that that goes against what you're
trying to prove doesn't it because
they're arguing that what Comey is doing
is politically motivated against
Republicans right and then they include
a mash-up of Democrats criticizing Comey
so I don't I don't understand how
they're trying to prove their points but
yeah it's back to Jake's point though
about the fact that they were criticized
when bridge lenders are being too harsh
on Hillary teller they can't get their
story straight but this is classic
trumpism which is to attack personal
attacks against anybody that they
disagree but try to take them down
personally they did the same thing with
the parklands high school students right
it's just disgusting and they're doing
it here Weinstein did when it came
to the people who accuse him of sexual
misconduct of rape he would but Donald
trotted his way that's exactly right he
would Harvey Weinstein would hire firms
opposition firms that would investigate
these women and find anything and
everything they possibly could to
discredit them and that is essentially
what Trump and the RNC are attempting to
do right now they just want to discredit
any type of opposition and also again
with their wording that they say he's an
obstructionist liar leaker you could be
talking about Trump obstruction of
justice lies all the time and if the P
tapes are like he might have leaked them
by the way this is the same day that the
Deputy Finance chair of the RNC had to
resign that's because it was pointed out
that Michael Cohen Donald Trump's fixer
arranged a 1.6 million dollar payment to
a former Playboy model who was
impregnated by this RNC chief so they've
had us right not such a good day at the
RNC so last thing here and on a fun note
so James Comey has a lot of amazing
quotes from the book and he compares
Trump to a mob boss and then Trump in
reaction acts like a mob boss anyway and
then he has serious quotes like the
president is unethical and untethered to
the truth and institutional values but
my favorite quote was this one the
talking of the president was quote like
an aural jigsaw puzzle contest with a
shot clock such a great way of
describing Trump because you're like
wait how does that connect this to this
to this okay let's try to figure this
out because it is an aural jigsaw puzzle
what in the world is he talking about
yeah you just watch the video by the
young turks home of the revolution if
you'd like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
