Bank of America has stated that it would
like to do its part to help mitigate the
mass shootings that we're experiencing
throughout the country and so they've
come up with an idea that I actually
don't agree with and I'm curious to see
what you guys think about it let me give
you the details Bank of America will
stop lending money to gun manufacturers
that make military-inspired firearms for
civilian use such as the ar-15 style
rifles that have been used in multiple
mass shootings
a spokesperson for BMA was quoted as
saying we want to contribute in any way
we can to reduce these mass shootings
Citigroup also has played a role in
taking some sort of political action to
prevent mass shootings it was actually
the first big bank to issue a new
firearms policy requiring clients in the
gun industry to stop selling to
customers who have not passed a
background check or are younger than 21
so let's talk about the strategy that
Bank of America is using well I like
that strategy when it comes to this
particular issue I'm uncomfortable with
banks making decisions on loans based on
politics so I think that it sets a bad
precedent I think that we should have
lawmakers who draft legislation passed
legislation and and look out for us as
as their constituents and as the
American people I don't like the idea of
banks deciding who they're gonna give
loans to based on political opinions
well but I mean I'm sure they already do
right they you know they I mean if
somebody is a fringe political player
and they want money for their fringe
political you know they could make an
assessment you know I mean theoretically
yeah I suppose that would be a financial
decision that it's fringe money and
might not be successful but you know III
could see them already having making
decisions like that that aren't just
financial who do they want to be in
business with if this were an old-time
local community bank that would go into
the you know would work the other would
work both ways like yeah we want to do
business with Fred runs the county store
I know he's struggling but what is this
town without Fred's County store you
know you know like that sounds like
something would happen in the eighties
yeah a long time ago 1880s so I don't
love it I think it's a really bad idea
and maybe maybe there have been cases in
the past where they've they've
instituted this type of policy I don't
agree with it I think it should I think
it should be based on the numbers can
this person pay the loan back period
right but sometimes yes okay yeah I got
you certainly should be based on that
but then do they also have a decision so
if they can pay it back no matter what
it is unless it's a crime right I mean
no I I'm gonna disagree with you I hear
you and I suppose one could argue that
it's a slippery slope but as you know
okay so let me give you an example if
they start you know if we start allowing
them to make loan decisions based on
politics imagine Citigroup I mean we
have done some coverage on Citigroup
that has not been very nice so imagine
we as The Young Turks decide that we
need a loan in order to expand the
company how would we feel if Citigroup
or Citibank decided we're not gonna give
you that loan we don't we don't
necessarily agree with your rhetoric
well of a specific answer I wouldn't
care how we feel right I mean that how
we feel is irrelevant how most people
feel is irrelevant most of them know it
is it I get I know what you're saying
but I think that it has it has
ramifications it's it's a form of
censorship I know that it's not the
government I know that it's not a
constitutional violation but I just
don't want banks getting into the
business of making decisions based on
politics I sure yeah I I don't I I mean
yes the fact of the matter is if they
start censoring well-meaning left-wing
groups I'll object to it but that but I
don't know that we need to set the rule
here like this is you hurt people where
it counts and that's with money and if I
applaud Bank of America for standing up
here like this is a you know when you
make the decision to loan it's not
solely based on whether you can repay
the loan right I mean there I mean yes I
think for big banks for the most part it
has been I mean only has real machines
want to do this they lose money
sometimes this sometimes they want to do
business with people I mean you know
Lord knows a lot of banks lent money to
Trump thinking the whole time there's a
bad deal right he frequently just
doesn't pay us back but we're in
business with Trump and that ultimately
pays off in the end
so they may think well you know if we do
business we're lending to a ar-15
manufacturers in the current climate
well we may lose some other business for
people who resent that we're doing that
and we may get some business that we
wouldn't get otherwise because we're the
bank that stood up and didn't do that so
they could make an argument that it's a
financial decision broad scheme not
maybe not specifically - so I don't know
I admire it because I don't think that
necessarily because I don't see it
leading to - what you what you fear but
of course I suppose it could I think
that there's not all the neutrality that
we'd like to see in the banking business
that perhaps is presumed by your
assumption there are no and by the way
I'm not I'm not assuming that there's
neutrality like I said I'm sure that
there have been cases where they've made
decisions based on politics and I'm
against those decisions as well right
and I guess I'm talking about a
commercial neutrality as opposed to
political although you could say
everything is political in a way so to
be fair it's it's probably fair to lump
it into politics Cruz I'm thinking of
things like gambling it oftentimes you
can't do certain things with a credit
card if you're gambling or if you can't
do certain things with a credit card if
you're involved in buying marijuana or
you that they you and when you go into a
bank for a loan for a dance club in some
area that they evaluate as not a good
investment for your dance club
even though you seem as though a solid
potential recipient of the money they
look at the distance proposed and they
go we just don't necessarily go so I
guess what I'm trying to say is you get
into or there is a gray area in the
banking world and I know that you're
suggesting that indeed there is but this
is so clearly a political decision it's
sort of a been saying which is they want
the they want to be doing something more
like a statement yeah we're doing look
if they are making a statement because
they believe that it'll help them you
know with other customers who will come
to them because they like this like if
it's a financial decision then okay then
there's a little more
a case to be made but if it's purely
political again like it's one thing to
recoup why is have to be political why
can't it be like principled leave out
politics that they think that the
scourge of mass shootings with ar-15s is
a is a is a massive detriment to society
undermines the American Dream has a has
just a chilling effect on the enjoyment
of life for all of us and they want to
take a stand against thanks can twist
that same argument and apply it to
businesses that we as liberals are very
much in favor of or organizations that
we as liberals are very much I just
think we should stand with people who to
sort of take it don't get me wrong I
hate what's happening in the country I
want gun control more than anything it's
just it's just so sad that we can't rely
on our lawmakers to do their jobs we
can't so I'd sort of I hear yeah it's
your argument is certainly a valid one
that should be considered but until
evidence to the contrary I'm prepared to
let Bank of America do the do the right
thing all right by the way just relevant
to that story I did at one point to say
what I was referring to that thing in
the 80s I said they talked about the
county store that's what I just like it
when people call me out they're calling
so say at st. John marker be rights
what's a county I don't know it doesn't
say that was like I think I mean general
stores but yeah it's tough when you
remember but to double back and nobody
does you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
