there's no use denying it on Saturday
the Senate voted to confirm Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme
Court fantastic right it's amazing these
guys are out of session half the year
and they're never around when you need
them but if a pro corporate judge's
confirmation is on the line you better
believe that they'll work weekends it
was only a matter of time before Trump
called
in to Fox News to gloat Jeanine Pirro
show was his choice this time around
lucky for us he's an idiot so the first
20 seconds of the call can only be
described as grandpa doesn't know how to
use phones mr. president thanks for
getting back to us Ben hi okay so let's
go how is your name
they have reception to a but never
is it okay it's okay and you're on there
right now mr. president sir would you
like being on now uh can you hear me can
you hear me this isn't a landline it's a
blackberry is this a blackberry it's my
favorite I mean come on Susan Collins
was a swing vote and the country was on
pins and needles waiting for her big
speech revealing whether she was going
to confirm Cavanaugh it was like when
LeBron James announced that he was
moving to Miami except instead of taking
LeBron away from Cleveland it was about
taking the right to choose away from
every woman in the country maybe health
care too who knows we haven't gotten a
chance to know the real Brett Kavanaugh
maybe I'll just ask his buddy squee
anyway with bated breath
we watched and she immediately went
after Democrats today we have come to
the conclusion of a confirmation process
that has become so dysfunctional it
looks more like a caricature of a gutter
level political campaign from the get-go
we all knew it was over Susan Collins
droned on for 45 freakin minutes talking
about how moderate Brett Kavanaugh was
and pointing out how he voted with
Merrick garland 90
percent of the time if they were so
similar why didn't you just vote for
Merrick garland next up Mitch McConnell
Senate Majority Leader and animatronic
turtle made the rounds on Sunday shows
for a gloat fest of his own on Face the
Nation he ended up getting super
defensive about blocking Merrick
Garland's nomination here he is
trotting out that horrible defense it's
not at all what happened John you're
completely misconstruing what happened
what I gave you is the history of this I
know the history of this I've spent a
lot of time on this throughout my career
what I did was entirely consistent with
what the history of the Senate's been in
that situation going back to 1880 this
argument is my favorite 1880 Mitch
McConnell says the 1880s are too long
ago this is hilarious coming from a guy
who's fighting for judges whose entire
philosophy centers on what the framers
literally intended when they wrote the
Constitution in the 1780s he just wanted
that seat so he did whatever he thought
was necessary and he's bringing this
ridiculous argument up again for one
reason
if Trump has a vacancy in the last year
of his term you know Mitch McConnell is
going to try to fill it and you know why
because he doesn't care about Senate
rules or decorum he just cares about
getting more and more power there's only
one way to stop him and that's to vote
in the midterms the only way he was able
to stop Garland and get Gorsuch and also
force Kavanagh on us is because there
were more Republicans in the Senate than
Democrats that's it and you can stop him
by doing my favorite thing register to
vote the midterms are on November 6th
and registering to vote is easier than
ever literally just Google how do I
register to vote and Google will show
you all the steps in your state and tell
your friends my final favorite thing is
to thank all the people who worked
really hard to make this show possible
so special thanks to hey soos Godoy skip
Volek Oh Bart Kyle jacory palmer edwin o
manya arthur Aguirre cassie hanks Dan
Evans and brett erlich love you guys
love everyone who's watching the show
and we'll see you next week for another
episode of no filter
you never have to miss another episode
of no filter by ringing the bell below
you'll get notified whenever we publish
something new and don't forget to join
TYT and download the TYT Plus app today
download our TYT Plus app on your iPhone
or head over to TYT comm / join
