cory booker asked Mike Pompeo a series
of questions involving the Muslim
community his perception on the Muslim
community and also his perspective on
reproductive rights now Mike Pompeo is
very far to the right
he was a tea party congressman who
served three terms he is a
self-identified conservative Christian
and so in the past he has said things
that were a little questionable when it
comes to women's reproductive rights and
about moderate Muslims so let's go to
video 7 where Booker asks him about his
feelings toward the Muslim community
take a look in a speech you talked about
folks who worshipped other gods and
called it mark multiculturalism you sort
of warned that we live in a country
where that happens and and you you said
something very dramatic and I know you
you know this you said that people who
are silent are complicit in those
terrorist attacks do you think that
Muslim Americans in this country who
serve in our military serving the State
Department their failure to speak up is
that there are they complicit in
terrorist attacks Center each and every
human not just Americans each and every
human being has an obligation to push
push back against this extremist use of
violence I also do believe this firmly
that for certain places for certain
forms of violence there are certain who
are better positioned folks who are more
credible more trustworthy have a more
shared experience and so when it comes
to when it comes to making sure that we
don't have a terrorist brewing in in
places that were Muslims congregate
there's a special place right they have
a they have operatives more than a duty
more than a require it's an opportunity
so that was his take on that I won't
actually go straight to the next video
where Booker continues talking about
this subject and he kind of calls them
out on an inconsistency or a hypocrisy
take a look so you think that Muslims in
America who are in positions of
leadership
have a different category of obligation
because of their religion that's what
I'm hearing you saying I don't see it
it's not an obligation it's an
opportunity okay so it's interesting
because I would agree with you that
silence in the face of injustice lends
strength to that injustice I do believe
though all of us when this comes to
violent actions or even violent words
have an obligation and so I'm wondering
sir do you you know frank gaffney yes I
do and you've been on his show dozens of
times I was on a show some yes senator I
have here over 20 times and he has
talked about Muslims should be who would
buy by the adherence of their faith
should be considered should be tried for
acts of sedition and should be
prosecuted did you remain silent when
you're on his show did you ever question
because I have a lot of his statements
here what about Bridget Gabriel do you
know her I do and someone who has been
who runs an organization that has been
considered a hate group by the
anti-defamation league in the Southern
Poverty Law Center have you thought were
you silent do you ever call her out on
her remarks that are hateful or bigoted
better.i I couldn't tell you I don't
recall the statement I've made over 54
years okay well I believe this special
obligation that you talk about for
Americans to condemn things are
attacking our Constitution our ideals
would obligate you in your own
definition to speak out so you know he's
pointing out how there are different
standards when it comes to the Muslim
community according to how the Mayo has
treated certain situations clever yeah
good set up the you know you said in a
speech that morning in America that
endorses perversion and calls it an
alternative lifestyles your words is
being gay a perversion senator I when I
was a politician I had a very clear view
on whether it was appropriate for two
same-sex persons to marry I stand by
that so you do not believe it's
appropriate for two gay people to marry
senator I continue to hold that view
it's the same view and so people in the
State Department I met some
Africa that are married under your
leadership you do not believe that that
should be allowed so now we have a
belief it's the case we have married gay
couples at the CIA you should know I
treated them with the exact same set of
rice believe you believe it gay sex is a
perversion yes or no Senna if I if I can
if you yes or no if you believe in sex
is a perversion because it's what you
said here centered on your speeches yes
or no do you believe gay sex is a
perversions that I'm gonna give you the
same answer I just gave you previously
my respect for every individual
regardless of the sexual orientation
it's the same I don't know how much of
an impact that would have
as someone who is Secretary of State
obviously foreign policy is is more in
his wheelhouse should he get confirmed
but it still gives you a sense of who he
is its integrity it's about integrity
it's also by the way totally related
foreign policy I mean how do we treat do
we fund countries in the you know again
you know countries have African
countries for example have had very
different tax some successful some
unsuccessful and how to treat HIV and
AIDS
some countries have excoriated and
victimized gay people or anyone with the
disease while other countries have
thought let's distribute condoms and
educate people what do you know the
rates came crashing down under the Bush
administration we were much more likely
to fund abstinence and harshness than we
were education and condoms so that
matters that would exactly be something
that Mike Pompeo State Department would
touch on and I guarantee you he will be
on the wrong side of it there's no
evidence there's 100% clarity of how he
would decide to attack something like
that because he thinks by the way no
matter I treat everyone the same except
people having gay sex which i think is a
perversion which we know that because he
said it he didn't repeat it but he said
it if you want to get the whole young
turks show every single day become a
member TYT Network comm
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me Qi tea network.com slash joy
