during Mark Zuckerburg testimony in
front of senators yesterday there were a
number of instances where our lawmakers
the very people who are supposed to
draft and vote in favor of legislation
that would protect our privacy and data
demonstrated that they didn't even
really know how the platform worked or
how our data is being used in the first
place
now think progress along with many other
news organizations put together these
montage videos that show some of the
more ridiculous questions that were
asked and I wanted to share a little bit
of that with you today
take a look don't pay for your service
senator we run ads is this guy out
foxing the foxes or is he going along
with what is a major trend in an
Information Age to try to harvest
information for political forces there
are days when I wonder the Facebook
friends is a little misstated that
doesn't seem like I have those every
single day so how many data categories
do you stored a space bookstore senator
can you clarify what you mean
how many do does Facebook store out of
that do you store any this senator I'm
not actually sure what that is referring
to now my son Charlie who's 13 is
dedicated to Instagram so he'd want to
be sure I mention him while I was here
with with you by mailing emailing within
whatsapp does that ever inform your
advertisers no we don't see any of the
content in whatsapp it's fully encrypted
let's say I'm emailing about black
panther within whatsapp do I get a
what's that do I get a black panther
banner at senator we don't Facebook
systems do not see the content of
messages being transferred over Watson
yeah I know but that's that's not what
I'm asking I'm asking about whether
these systems talk to each other without
a human being touching it
okay so that was I guess somewhat
entertaining but also very depressing
but I would argue that the most
depressing exchange came from Senator
John Kennedy of Louisiana and this line
of questioning was amazing because he
just kept asking the same question over
and over again and getting the same
answer
take a look some Facebook you so are you
are you willing to give me more control
over my data senator as someone who uses
Facebook I believe that you should have
complete control over your data okay are
you willing to go back and and work on
on giving me a greater right to erase my
data senator you can already delete any
of the data that's there or delete that
work on expanding that senator I think
we already do what you're referring to
but certainly we're always working on
trying to make these controls easier are
you willing to expand my right to know
who you're sharing my data with senator
we already give you a list of apps that
that you're using and you signed into
those yourself and provided affirmative
consent right as I said for me I don't
share any data that user agreement are
you willing to expand my right to
prohibit you from sharing my dad senator
again I believe that you already have
that control so I mean I think people
have that that full control in the
system already today if we're not
communicating this clearly then that's a
big thing that we should work on because
I think the principles that you're
articulating are the ones that we
believe in and try to codify in the
product that we build are you willing to
give me the right to take my data on
Facebook and move it to another social
media platform senator you can already
do that we have download your
information tool where you can go get a
file of all the content there and then
do whatever you want with it
so jank jumping all right so I'm
actually gonna defend the Senators a
little bit which is shocking because I
almost always go after the politic
I'm not very fond of them over all but
in this case there's a couple of things
here in the first clips I don't think
the the questions were necessarily that
ignorant and I think that Orrin Hatch
was secretly trying to help him anyway
he asked another friendly question -
psycho burg he's basically the point
that hatch was trying to make and again
I am no ally of Orrin Hatch's look
people know that this is not a service
that you pay for and so you had run ads
and in order to run ads you collect
people's data so it was a softball
question rather than an ignorant
question I don't want to break down all
of them the one that was really that
didn't make any sense at all was the one
asking about data categories that's not
a thing so he didn't know how to answer
it etc what Kennedy was trying to do but
did a very very poor job oven where he
should be
mad at his Stafford not preparing him
better is he's saying hey can I get my
data out yes you can delete it if you
want you can take her data you could
delete it you could move it to somewhere
else but that's a system they have now
you can opt out and you just say not
only can you take your data out you just
say you cannot use my data right but
what he should have asked is will you
move to an opt-in system where it is
assumed that you will not get my data
only if I affirmatively tell you that
you're allowed to have my data that you
could have it for the purpose of sharing
it with advertisers etc now that's a
really hard question and Zuckerberg had
to be enormous ly relieved that he
didn't get that question and that
Kennedy botched it and and sorry one
more defense of these senators again
that I normally disagree with Facebook
is not that intuitive if you're an old
senator and you go on there between the
walls and the posts and the friends and
the likes and the this and the that and
the opt-in and the hop down you really
gotta get you know read into that by
your staff to begin to understand it
because these folks are 60 70 years old
ya don't care don't care how old they
are there are lawmakers they're the
people who are smart who are supposed to
know what's going on they're supposed to
know how our data is being misused how
our privacy is you know being violated
these are things that they
should be educated about because it is
literally their job to do it and so look
I don't know why your perception is that
Kennedy actually had a really smart
question in mind but didn't know how to
articulate it because I watched the
entirety of his exchange with him and it
was one incredibly ignorant question
after the other and I didn't have time
to watch the full five hour hearing but
I watched the majority of it okay and it
was a tutorial session it was a giant
five hour tutorial session because they
didn't do their homework and my problem
with lawmakers in general right now is
they don't do their homework they don't
read the bills that they sign when you
have bob Corker whining and crying about
how we voted in favor of tax legislation
and he didn't necessarily know what was
in it that's on you homeboy that's your
fault and so no no no I'm not giving
them credit I'm not giving them a pass
they are so incredibly incompetent
instead of spending all their time
fundraising how about they educate
themselves on the very issue that
they're calling a hearing for so now on
that issue some people are saying that
that maybe the Senators the house was
tough runs like a burg the senators were
easier on him with some notable
exceptions like Booker and Harris Kamala
Harris or Kamala Harris sorry
so why and they're speculating because
of money in politics and Facebook has
given seven million dollars to
politicians since 2012
I actually think no that's why the house
was tough on them and an even Harrison
Booker the amount of money that they
have taken from Facebook is among more
than is more than the rest of the
senators but it's still a really small
amount
Facebook is worth four hundred billion
dollars spending only seven million in
six years it's almost nothing so what
Facebook did was they left themselves
vulnerable to politicians so Google on
the other hand and look I really really
like Google they're a huge partner of
ours but they spent a lot of money
lobbying and that's smart so as some of
it goes to Republicans and that drives
me crazy and so they don't agree with me
on that they skip the Democrats
Republicans it's not my business is
their business I understand that but if
you're asking me is it
politically savvy yes you don't see
Google in front of Congress Facebook I
guarantee you will now crank up their
spending and putting money into politics
because otherwise you're gonna get
grilled even if they botch it at the
Senate level in the house they were way
way tougher and so fun and then my final
political point on this is Lindsey
Graham talking about hey turns out
voluntary self-regulation didn't work
you don't say Lindsey now I'll give you
credit for pointing that out but how
about the rest of your current career
where you guys pretended to be
regulating everything would make sense
now all of a sudden you guys get more
money from the telecoms which are
opposed to Facebook you get a ton of
money from the 80s and the Comcast and
the Verizon's and not much money from
Facebook and all of a sudden you're
super tough on Facebook and think you
should do more regulation and that
voluntary regulation isn't working out
what a funny coincidence well we also
know that lawmakers who are
traditionally known as anti regulation
love regulation when it benefits them
and their self interests and so right
now as we spoke about earlier you know
you have Republican lawmakers who are
absolutely convinced that there's some
sort of censorship effort geared toward
conservatives and so damn right they're
gonna want to regulate Facebook because
again it is their self-interest in order
to do so when it comes to protecting
consumers they don't care about
regulation when it comes to protecting
what they want and what their political
interests are of course they want
regulation if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
