john bainer former representative who
was very aggressive in his anti pot
rhetoric is now tweeting about how the
federal government needs to legalize
marijuana and take it off the schedule
one category now why would he do this
why this sudden change of heart turns
out that he is part of the advisory
board for a cannabis company known as
acreage holdings and i'll give you more
information about them in just a second
but first his tweet he said i'm journ√©e
i'm joining the board of acreage
holdings because my thinking on cannabis
has evolved i'm convinced d scheduling
the drug is needed so we can do research
help our veterans and reverse the opioid
epidemic ravaging our communities well
he just realized just realized it by the
way
previously he referred to legalizing
marijuana as something that he is
unalterably opposed to unalterably i
familiar with the english language I
think I know what unalterably means it
appears it just got altered no okay this
goes back to what I was saying earlier
in regard to our lawmakers who are
ignorant about the issues but they have
the power to draft legislation vote in
favor of the legislation oppose
legislation he opposed legalizing
marijuana it's not like the information
about it being used as a painkiller or a
treatment for people who suffer from
seizures was unknown I mean these
stories were all over the place these
studies were all over the place sure
there were limitations to the studies in
the United States because of the fact
that the federal government prohibits it
but overall there were so many accounts
of people who had unfortunately gone to
the black market to purchase marijuana
in order to treat their illnesses that's
the reason why you had states legalizing
it for medicinal purposes and in the
meantime while John Boehner had some
political power he watched all these
people go to prison for marijuana
possession didn't say a word continued
to support the federal government's
prohibition on marijuana and now all of
a sudden he's making my there's
potential to make money there's
potential to make money so
I have evolved on this issue he didn't
evolve on anything the only thing that's
apparent and very obvious is that he's
looking out for his profit motives he's
looking out for doing what what's
necessary to make as much money as
possible by the way former Republican of
Massachusetts governor bill weld is also
joining the board he's also now all of a
sudden in favor of legalizing marijuana
he's leaning towards the green in a
couple more ways now there is real
evolving of your political point of view
I should know my views have gotten
involved in some of the issues in fact
you've seen it happen with your own eyes
on some issues right here on The Young
Turks everybody as we've discussed and
I've changed my mind on some issues but
when it comes to politicians what they
mean by evolved is my bank account
evolved into these guys are paying me a
lot of money so like Anna said I put you
in prison for smoking this stuff before
I don't care I was getting paid by the
tobacco lobbyist etc now I mean a bit by
the way Obama on gay marriage his
position evolved why did it evolve
because a lot of his campaign
contributions came from gay rights
groups that's why it evolved so they're
all liars they all are so quickly
acreage Holdings is currently operating
in 11 states and it's expected to
represent nine billion dollars of retail
revenue by 2020 there's a lot of money
to be made and there will be more money
to be made if the federal government d
schedule x' this drunk that's all
boehner cares about if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole young turks out
every day
