Paul Ryan's relationship with Donald
Trump has been tense at times early on
Paul Ryan's stood up to Trump in strong
way called him races and then did
whatever he wanted anyway so he didn't
really put up too much resistance Donald
Trump but he didn't seem to get along
with him very much one of the reasons
his friends say he's stepping down is
that he feels like he's running a
daycare center which is a sort of
message that we've heard before but to
Donald Trump's credit despite their long
history of rubbing up against each other
in a bad way that analogy may be
uncomfortable so I take it back they
didn't love each other on his way out
Donald Trump could have insulted him but
he actually sent a pretty a guess a
congenial message to him he tweeted this
our very weak and ineffective leader
Paul Ryan had a bad conference called
whereas members went wild at his
disloyalty
but then he did send a nice one today
speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man
and while he may not be seeking
reelection he will leave a legacy of
achievement that nobody can question
we're with you Paul it took us a little
bit to get around to being with you
after you being an ineffective weak
leader who doesn't know how to win but
he's with him now so let's break that
down real quick so those tweets that
Jenna just showed you to the negative
ones were right before the election why
Paul Ryan on a couple of occasions had
trouble supporting Donald Trump
including the Access Hollywood tape
which he called I believed sickening and
and Donald Trump did not like that so
these Donald Trump's opinion of Paul
Ryan's legislative prowess connected to
Paul Ryan's achievements ridiculous
Donald Trump does have any idea what
Paul Ryan's achievements are right or
what legislation he's in favor of her
against he just knows is he for Donald
Trump or just Donald Trump what do you
say about the tapes I hate that guy weak
ineffective leader oh you can't keep
anybody online he's a terrible guy bad
guy right then later a Paul Ryan boughs
his head and goes okay Donald you win
you not only did you win the presidency
but you won our base over so if I dare
defy you I will be tarred and feathered
so yes Donald Trump you're a wonderful
leader
can we just get the donors their tax
cuts and they agreed on that that was
the one thing they agreed on it so they
got the giant tax cuts for the rich and
so then Trump turns around he goes well
good job Paul Ryan very good very good
he's with Donald Trump now very good boy
okay and that's right so there is no
real relationship there no and if it
turns out that before Paul Ryan leaves
impeachment proceedings begin and Paul
Ryan decides to go along with it wait
till you see the tweets about the very
good man at that time yeah and look at
those tweets were great in the end I
don't think that those are the things he
will be remembered for or should be
remembered for but I do have a
suggestion as to the tweet I would like
him to be remember for because I think
in a very short just a couple hundred
characters it sums up his philosophy in
life this is a guy that we know grew up
loved and Rand and her insane economic
philosophies and so he gets in he didn't
get to shred entitlements as much as he
wanted yet but he did achieve what he
said he would which is these huge tax
cuts they have showered trillions of
dollars on the wealthy and corporations
but he wants to trick you into thinking
that this is good for you so he tweeted
this a while back a secretariat of
public high school in Lancaster
Pennsylvania said she was pleasantly
surprised her pay went up one dollar and
fifty cents a week she said that will
more than cover her Costco membership
for the year so for that secretary of
the public high school I admire your
optimism but screw you Paul Ryan he knew
exactly what he was doing and pushing
for these tax bills for years and years
and just showered it on him and because
she's gonna get something like $70 a
year he's gonna pitch that like that
like that's some big win for the common
working American so now let me tell you
John is exactly right that is Paul
Ryan's legacy let me tell you the
contrast the top one percent on average
instead of getting $70 like that lady
are going to get over sixty one thousand
dollars in tax breaks every year and the
top point one percent those are the the
main donors to the Republican Party and
Paul Ryan they're gonna get on average
two hundred and fifty two thousand
dollars every one of them
every year so that's why Paul Ryan is
about to get an incredibly well-paying
job they're gonna return that favor to
him and he's going to be fabulously rich
but not nearly as rich as them and then
on his way out with a smirk oh she got a
dollar 50 a week that's so nice
while his donors got a quarter of a
million dollars every year because of
him that's the one thing him and Donald
Trump absolutely agree on if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
