so joining me in the studio right now
Amara camp on a jar he is running in the
50th district in California man
California has a lot of districts it
does more great to have you in the
studio get it be with you thanks for
having me uh no problem so now you've
got a Duncan Hunter jr. as your
incumbent that's a disastrous a
candidate and incumbent to have and then
you've got a Democratic primary so let's
take it one step at a time yeah for the
good folks at home how bad is Duncan
Hunter drama my god so Duncan Hunter jr.
is the son of Duncan Hunter senior who
was there for 30 years so between them
40 years of one dynasty right and he's
pretty vulnerable we're pretty viable
he's the guy who spent $60,000 of his
campaign funds I'm personally use like
Versace clothing and trips to to Rome
and a pet rabbit all of which would be
funny if it wasn't so sad wrap up her
rabbit but it's mismanaging of I think
taxpayer money is worse she wants to
spend money on that wall he tough talk
stuff talk up against North Korea he
wants us to preemptively strike them a
whole bunch of stuff that doesn't make
sense including a tax plan that he
himself says is going to hurt California
last I checked he's the congressman from
California he should be putting
California first yeah and and the wall
goes through your district it does yeah
and Trump was just down there he was
yeah and actually we had some of your
guys come down and there's about 14
miles of parameter there's three layers
of wall already and Hunter junior life
that out that his father made the
previous one and it reduced
apprehensions by 95% so why are we gonna
spend 35 billion dollars of American
taxpayer money not Mexico on a wall that
we don't need right so I think we're
pretty pretty clear on Duncan Hunter so
that's settled now you're in a
Democratic primary and some of your
information about your background is
really interesting and I don't mean
ethnically although that's fun too but I
what you did is especially the Obama
administration but we'll get to that in
a second sure let's talk about your
primary so I'll ask you a question we
asked everybody how do we know you're
the most progressive in the race you go
to my website and also
we've gotten to just the Democrats
endorsement I run on a policy of
medicare-for-all clean energy removing
all the subsidies for fossil fuels be
able to level the playing field tuition
free college all that stuff and we had
to kick into the back door the
establishment did not want me they've
been fighting against me behind the
scenes for some time and I and despite
that we got the California Democratic
Party endorsement
labor endorsements on a whole bunch of
good progressive folks getting behind
our campaign so how do you know the
establishment was not on your side well
I think they poached somebody else to
run against me I think they're getting
bars from Morris with my opponent and
when I first decided to run it was a
people powered movement a little bit
different than the status quo in fact
the volunteers who told me to run said
you know we don't need a hunter Duncan
Hunter we need a gatherer it was cute
just go together and pave a path towards
a unified future and it worked and and
we don't have clear evidence that they
have been but um a lot of you know
unanswered phone calls and just asking
hey let's level the playing field we're
working hard hunters hardly working
we're out raising the pre the other
Democrat we're out working him out
campaigning him on the merits we should
have their support but it seems to be
going somewhere else so when I first met
you you were you are not the favorite no
and so I'm not surprised as this out I
pick the guy with like a background they
thought fit the district right which is
not really true either but like they
love to typecast etc but then how in the
world did you win 97 percent of the
delegates in their California Democratic
Party working their heart and just
showing up and telling people look I
don't care about your personal politics
I care about your personal health your
personal safety and the safety of your
kids and your personal financial
stability talking about working-class
issues what keeps people up at night
what gets them going in the morning
talking about real issues not just about
my Hughes and how I'm a brown guy but my
views and in my district surprisingly
this county we have five seats right my
seat is the only seat that actually
voted for Bernie over Hillary in the
primary so there's a progressive Lane
there there's an opportunity there I can
tell you work for Obama not my Hughes
but my view yeah
not the hunter but the gala they do I
like it so when I first met you amar it
was also to go California Democratic
gathering and at that point this was not
the one where you got 97 percent of the
vote
you were hustling and and I would and
like I said you were the underdog but I
remember one you had incredible energy
and and two incredible number of
volunteers and that struck me that point
you weren't even adjust democrat right
but then you just kept gathering if you
will endorse man after endorse something
like it right and delegate after
delegate and if you told me when we
first spent though hey this guy's give
me a 97 percent of the duck instead of
going no way he seems like an amazing
guy but that's he's not the
establishment right there's no way he's
gonna do that right so that's amazing
work how about the volunteers how many
volunteers we have about 800 volunteer
to have two of one district that's one
district and so I was the field director
host against me for the Obama campaign
2012 okay okay yeah and a lot of them
migrated over to my campaign they want
elect unless skinny Brown guy with a
funny name someone who's more
progressive though right someone who's
been anti TPP since the beginning out of
the Department of Labor and I saw Trade
Adjustment Assistance going up which
told me our trade policy was going in
the wrong direction and TPP was more of
the same so yeah now so that's an
astounding number of volunteers in one
district how about fundraising
so we out raised Duncan Hunter all of
last year we raised about over half a
million but we need more because they're
gonna be throwing stuff at us from every
single angle so we need to tell our
message and multiply it we also have
raised the other Democrat who's gotten a
lot of establishment money from
different people in leadership but we've
got some support from congressman luis
Gutierrez and others who are kind of
going down the progressive track with us
but we're out raising him out
campaigning him and out hustling them so
and I can tell you again it's I had no
horse in that race and I met Amara and I
turn around I was like this guy's
amazing
hey thank you and and so I heard about
your volunteers in that first meeting
etcetera and then the fundraising you
don't take any corporate PAC one at all
yeah so all of that is just working hard
real
hard-to-reach people talk to them get
their support and to raise half a
million dollars again in a district is
amazing so thank you and and we'll give
you all the links for Ammar both to
donate to volunteer etc to find out more
about him
we'll always be down below in the
description box on YouTube comment
section on Facebook so you mentioned
your hues a couple times so what are you
yeah well I'm an American first and
foremost I gotta remind people I was
born East County San Diego
the son of a single working-class mom my
mom's Mexican she was born here my dad's
post in America and that's where you get
the posse a mexican-american guy so yeah
that would make you the one is there
other Mexican Palestine I got a brother
so he's there's a population of two I'm
sure there are others but aside from
that I mean we had a you know my mom
raised me on her own through being broke
and brokenhearted I had to be a janitor
at fifteen and a half years old to help
my mom so everything I learned about
hard work the reason I hustle so hard
was from that woman and that job and
nothing in life is given especially when
you live in my zip code but everything
can be earned so but just working hard
yeah so you know like my dad who grew up
on a farm and and had and that was
incredibly hard back-breaking work
he thought let me go get an education
because nothing's gonna be as hard as
working this farm and so you work as a
janitor at fifteen years old you're
gonna want to get out of that situation
so and obviously you've gotta undo
amazing things so let's talk about some
of that so you worked in the Obama
administration and a couple of different
roles but before we get to the to the
bigger ones my favorite was you were the
guy who read the letters to pass on Oman
because yeah remember that thing where
you would read the ten letters a day is
it was it an LA when we had a president
who would read write different times now
but he would read ten of the most part
of the team that the president would
read ten of them a day and I think it
helped inform his policies and and when
I would read them I would think I'd like
for him to go further on immigration or
on health care on these other issues I
want to put this in front of him so it
stirs up
and I you know he didn't go as far as
I'd like him to go but I'd like to think
that those letters informed his policy
decisions so that's a really interesting
role because not only do you get to put
things in front of the president now we
know with this president you've got
these men of questionable ethics who put
articles of Breitbart in front of him
and in these right-wing publications
they get them all worked up and to do
hateful things you got to put letters in
front of him from real Americans totally
so how many letters do you think you
read oh my gosh I just learned to skim
down the middle what's why we gave you
before you give your segments but I
would hear stories about you look I'm an
illness away from losing my home I got
to decide to I get a gallon of gas or a
gallon of milk on the way home I had to
miss my daughter's birthday to work
overtime like real gut-wrenching stuff
that mattered like all this political
theater but storming downs all I stuff I
don't even care about that I care about
the real issues because I hear it from
every day not even when I was
campaigning before that with the Obama
administration and it really stirs up
your conscience and it gets you wanting
to get out there and do something why
what else did you do in the Obama mr. so
then I am I work at the US Department of
Labor
full circle helping people like my mom
get access to childcare so they don't
have to choose what take care of the kid
or I go to work and I worked on this
program called apprenticeship I love
this program I in fact when I left the
Department of Labor on my last day there
I put a memo on my desk to President
Trump and I said there's a program that
sounds like your TV show just do what
you always do put your name on it and
claim credit for it even though it's not
your own and I said you should invest
heavily on this if we spent a billion
dollars a year a lot of Prentis ship we
only spent ninety million I know it's
not sexy but a billion dollars a year
I could put six million people back to
work and vacancies today so instead of
building a stupid wall that won't work
because you know airplanes exist
we could spend thirty five billion
dollars on putting every single person
who wants a job back to work getting
paid doubles and meeting individual
income 70 built $70,000 a year and in
fact they could you know I get their
jobs back maybe from the unfair trade
deals that he claimed he was against
during the campaign did you actually
literally leave him a letter I did I
left it there I left a memo I said you
do this you were literally a man of
letters okay one last thing you had a
business before you started running an
ACN strategies right and I have to
confess that this description though
does sound a little Austin Powers ation
it's it's a small business that helps
other small businesses so what did it
actually so basically I had a public
affairs firm I did public affairs for
many years including what the US
Hispanic Chamber of Commerce not the US
Chamber of Commerce they're the devil I
get that but the US Hispanic Chamber of
Commerce is more liberal and when I left
that place I figured why don't I make
all of my former employers my employee
of my clients so those small businesses
ended up becoming my clients I just did
consulting work for them whether it was
getting them in the press or connecting
them with their local government or
doing public affairs that's what it
means helping small businesses with my
small business okay that makes sense all
right let's put up the links one more
time
so compa campaign com there's your
donation link your volunteer link just
click on it down below if you're
watching this later
so amar thank you for coming in and good
luck with the race thank you for having
me we appreciate anything but on the
other hand if we have one more Mexican
Palestinian in Congress and I know I
know a kid we deal with one more perhaps
just one all right Thank You Man thank
you say I appreciate
