Jimmy Kimmel and Sean Hannity had been
feuding since last week because Hannity
was very disturbed and offended after
Kimmel a comedian made a quick joke
about milania's accent on his late-night
show now that led to a back and forth a
never-ending back and forth until Kimmel
finally decided to stop at all and he
apologized to the LGBTQ community
because he had made some comments some
criticisms toward Sean Hannity in a
joking manner that some people felt was
homophobic and so his response to that
was while I admit I did have fun with
our back and forth after some thought I
realized at the level of vitriol from
all sides mine and me included there's
nothing good for anyone and in fact is
harmful to our country he also addressed
the gay community and said by lampooning
Sean Hannity's deference to the
president I most certainly did not
intend to belittle or upset members of
the gay community and to those who took
offense I apologize now I thought that
it was a bad idea for Kimmel to
apologize not necessarily to the gay
community but I thought it was a bad
idea for him to kind of back down from
Sean Hannity because I know from
experience what conservatives are like
and conservatives don't accept apologies
conservatives will punch you three times
harder
and that's exactly what Hannity did so
he addressed Kimmel at the very end of
his latest episode and we have the
relevant clips for you let's take a look
at the first one it seems to be more of
a kind of a forced Disney corporate
apology directed about Kimmel's comments
about the first lady but honestly that's
ultimately up to you to decide here I
believe everyone should accept apologies
that's how I was raised that's what my
religion teaches me and I'm gonna assume
he's sincere
no that's it's not what you were
assuming you're being a total dick the
whole time about it and with your
graphics saying Kimball backs down
that's not accepting an apology that's
rubbing it in his face that's absolutely
right right and so there's more let's go
to the next clip Media is trying to say
that my commentary of Michelle Obama's
political statements is somehow similar
to what Jimmy Kimmel said about Melania
Trump
frankly that's a lie they know it no
your political statements were actually
much worse toward Michelle Obama
in fact he tried to make an argument
that when he would attack Michelle Obama
it was strictly on the substance of what
she was saying when in reality Hannity
went on this rant about how Michelle
Obama wears designer clothing as if
Melania Trump doesn't wear designer
clothing Oh could you imagine if they're
talking about Melania Trump's designer
clothing he says which he called
Michelle Obama angry and bitter all the
time anti-american we shall a thousand
times worse insults than anything the
Jimmy Kimmel did about Melania and let
alone the fact that it has the racial
stereotype of an angry black woman
I mean trope after trope and then him
like oh me golly gee I would never
attack her First Lady know you're the
worst Sean Hannity all right so now he
invites Kimmel onto his program he can't
help himself
take a look Jimmy you seem focused on
politics he seems sincere when you
talked about health care you seemed
sincere when you talked about the
country I want to extend an invitation
you want to come on the show I'll
promise no name-calling no anger no
rehashing of the Twitter fight you want
to have a serious discussion we can talk
about the president is policies health
care comedy political correctness ending
boycotts how I've supported Bill Maher
Howard Stern Don Imus Opie and Anthony
people that I think disagree with
vehemently my bet is you'll actually
agree with me on a lot more issues than
you think my bet is you probably won't
but that's just my back here's my
overwhelming bet he doesn't go on your
stupid-ass show okay so one final
portion of his segment and this is the
relevant portion for me this was at the
tail end of his commentary in regards to
this whole back and forth and this is
the reason why you can't back down when
it comes to monsters like Hannity take a
look by the way Jimmy if you do want to
start up again I promise I'll punch back
even harder and my producers spent all
weekend compiling a lot of your
highlights or lowlights in your career
they don't make you look too good so
instead of error airing them we'll put
them in storage and we have more
important pressing issues like what's
happening in Syria and the gassing of
women and children so in other words
don't cross the line with me
because if you do we have a nice you
know database of content that we can
misinterpret for our audience and
mischaracterize to make it seem like
you're a terrible person
that's essentially what he ended the
segment with okay so let's notice the
two fun things at the end there one is
like we have really important stuff of
like searing gas to talk about although
I just spent the last however many
minutes talking about this so then if
you had more important stuff talking
about why didn't you talk about it
but more importantly in this context the
idea of like no Jimmy come on our show
it'll be great I'll be fair to you but I
warn you I'm gonna punch you twice as
hard if you ever cross me again look
that's what drives Anna and me crazy
about progressives who back down and
look I don't know all of Jimmy Kimmel's
politics and I know that he's got a lot
of pressure cuz he is at ABC and unlike
a lot of folks at Fox News he has
something to lose and and has an
excellent career and all that and you
don't want to offend people that that
are part of the LGBT community all those
things are true but when you back down
from conservatives or you apologize or
you're in any way decent to them right
it never pays all they do is rub it in
your face they never do likewise Hannity
never apologize for any of the things
that he said and we're way over the top
in regards to Jimmy Kimmel and and never
will and instead spits in your face yeah
just the next time sorry the next time
progressives you're in a situation like
this or any other random person against
the monsters on the right understand
they are not going to reciprocate on
your decency it's never gonna happen
right and I just want to touch on one
other thing very quickly it's not just
Kimmel
I mean Kimmel felt a tremendous amount
of pressure to apologize because he was
allegedly catching heat for some of the
comments he made toward Hannity they
were being interpreted as homophobic
when in reality I don't know my read of
it was not that it was homophobic and so
he didn't want to offend that community
and I can understand not wanting to
defend them because it's a community you
care about it's a community that he has
fought for in terms of equality and so I
just I want
recives to not be so hard on one another
because I think that is actually the
core of the problem I mean look at his
intentions look at his track record if
he has a track record showing that he is
homophobic or that he did not believe in
equality for the gay community or said
horrible things about the LGBT community
then of course he deserves the criticism
but if he is making jokes in response to
Hannity then I mean are we gonna police
every joke that he makes and then
immediately you know cast them off to
someone who is homophobic because that's
what happened here and that's why he
apologized we need to band together
that's my point
conservatives are really good at that
they will go as far as they need to to
you know say the most loathsome things
about people that they disagree with and
they stick with one another whereas we
eat our own constantly yeah and you help
the right-wing cause if you throw your
own under a bus and and that's what the
left does all the time and the right
almost never does they don't apologize
and they don't back down they circle the
wagons whereas the left often does a
circular firing squad one circle makes
sense the other one doesn't you just
watch the video by the young turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
