so earlier in the show it was talking
about how Donald Trump might fire Robert
molar or rod Rosenstein or Jeff Sessions
Jeff Sessions Attorney General but he is
recused himself from the Russian probe
Rosen Stein's the Deputy Attorney
General and he's the one that appointed
robert muller in the first place in
order to fire Muller and vaguely follow
the law you'd have to fire a Rosenstein
first and now as we're doing a show live
breaking news that Anna's got for you
guys so multiple sources have spoken to
CNN reporters in regard to conversations
that Trump is currently having with his
advisers and Trump is considering firing
rod Rosenstein and it turns out that
some of his advisors are encouraging him
to do so
now these advisers have also or at least
these sources who have leaked
information about these discussions to
CNN are also saying that they have been
in talks with Congress congressional
Republicans specifically in order to
prevent blindsiding them so let me give
you what CNN is currently reporting on
this some of trumps legal advisors are
telling him they now have a stronger
case against Rosenstein they believe
Rosen Stein crossed the line in what he
can and cannot pursue and they consider
him conflicted since he is a potential
witness in the special counsels
investigation because he wrote the memo
that justified firing FBI director James
Comey okay that's hilarious go into that
please Trump asked him to fire James
Comey he did he wrote this with my
opinion a nonsense memo why because he
was loyal to Donald Trump Donald he's
Ron Rosen Cyan's a Republican handpicked
by Donald Trump and put into the Deputy
Attorney General position he asked him
to fire Comey Rosenstein did so now
Trump turns around and goes I can't
believe you're fired combing I know it's
incredible what weight are in it but
you're on the record not only do we all
know that you ordered him to write the
memo but you admitted on national
television that you're the one who asked
the fire Comey because of the rush
investigation you said attend
see news we have the tape so now for him
to turn around go I can't believe the
conflict of interest that rod Rosa Stein
has he's the one who fired James Comey
he said ma than this whole thing
and by the way firing James Comey is
something that helped you so why would
Rosen Stein be against you that makes no
sense but it doesn't have to it's Donald
Trump and also for the billionth time I
feel as though this should be a
cautionary tale to those who choose to
remain loyal to Trump because he has no
loyalty to you now let me continue
because the details of the story are
delicious now the legal advisors also
believe they have successfully argued to
the American public that the FBI is
tainted and think they can make a case
against Rosen's team so these are the
legal advisors who are encouraging Trump
they're like if there's ever a time to
do it now is the time apparently one of
the sources who spoke to CNN disagrees
and thinks that it would be a completely
disastrous idea in fact the feedback
that they have already received from
congressional Republicans has been
negative feedback they are urging Trump
to avoid firing Rosenstein because even
if he does successfully fire him with no
ramifications the outcome probably won't
be what Trump wants anyway because there
will need to be an individual who takes
Rosenstein place and that individual is
likely to do what Rosenstein has been
doing they're not gonna fire Muller
they're not going to completely
dismantle Muller's investigation Trump
doesn't really know what he's doing here
which isn't surprising now one way Trump
is being told he could fire Rosenstein
is by blaming his dismissal on the
ongoing disagreement between the Justice
Department and House Republicans over
document production on an array of
issues related to how the FBI obtained a
surveillance warrant on former Trump
campaign aide Carter page so look this
is gonna be an absolute mess either way
and I'll tell you why so if he does not
fire Rosenstein they're going to
continue the investigation and the
investigation is going to find out what
Donald Trump is panicked about so if you
were doing a random investigation of me
of on something that I didn't do at all
I'd be like that's preposterous and I
would fight back I would fight back
vigorously but I
flip out and start running around the
White House fire
especially because firing them makes you
look like you did it and opens you up to
impeachment and severe consequences
you'd only consider going to those
severe consequences if the alternative
is worse so so I think he did it I think
not firing Rosenstein is not gonna help
them because they're eventually gonna
find out the truth of what he did on the
other end if he does fire it's a
political firestorm maybe the
Republicans just weather the storm but
right now we've got Republican pollsters
screaming from the rooftops including on
Fox News going the Republicans are gonna
get washed out in these congressional
elections it's gonna be a tsunami so but
that might motivate the Republicans to
cover their own ass and and say maybe
you shouldn't fire rose well that is as
far as the reporting goes that seems to
be the strategy that congressional
Republicans are taking at the moment
they are urging Trump and his advisors
to avoid firing Rosenstein but more
importantly it appears that their
feedback is more aggressive in regard to
Jeff Sessions they do not want Trump to
touch Jeff Sessions because they're also
concerned about confirmation hearings to
find a replacement for sessions and also
remember Jeff Sessions establishment
Republican you know has very good
relationships with congressional
Republicans and so I'm sure that there's
an element of wanting to protect him in
that regard as well yeah he was one of
their colleagues in the Senate obviously
career senator from Alabama
all right last couple of things here CNN
is reporting that he wants fire Rosen
Stein because he has not done enough to
protect him if you had any sense at all
you would stop saying that because it is
not the job of the Deputy Attorney
General to protect the president is his
job to protect the Constitution and the
rule of law in America anyone in
government should know that let alone
the president and if you're trying to
fire him under other pretenses you
should stop saying you're firing him
because he won't protect you personally
that is money
mentally stupid okay number two in a
show of unity back in February sessions
Rosenstein and the person underneath
throws a sign that would take over if
Rosenstein is fired all went to dinner
together basically indicating we're all
in this together so unless you could
find a lackey there and which is
possible maybe you're bringing a scrap
prude or someone else to do your bidding
and then if putting me in the rosin size
place and said this is all gonna take
time right in the immediate future
does a person underneath or was a sign
it grieves with him so you have really
solved your problem and the last thing
is you know back in December and this
was reported by the New York Times
Donald Trump already tried to fire
Muller he already gave the order like
we're pretending he didn't he did we
know it and the person who stopped him
was Donald McGann the White House
Counsel he said I will resign
immediately he's another guy who was
very loyal to Trump but he's like mr.
president if you do that it looks like
we're obviously guilty and I can't be
part of that so I were to resign so if
he fires Rosen Stein will other lawyers
on his own team or at the White House
also resigned we don't know so that's
what we're about to find out if Trump
does this and I say if lightly because
Trump is a lit fuse and and when he
wants to fire someone and he gets on a
warpath
it is pretty much impossible to stop him
and it seems as though there are no
mitigating factors in the White House
right now I mean he has his legal
advisors encouraging him to fire
Rosenstein some of them some of them at
least and you also have you know the
lack of a soothing figure like a hope
Hicks in the White House calming him
down and preventing him from going on
these unhinged rants on Twitter so who
knows what's gonna happen but it's it's
fun to watch I'll tell you this much I
guarantee you this
either way this thing devolves
incredibly quickly shockingly quickly if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network aam /join and once you do
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm / joy
