actor TJ Miller has been arrested
because he allegedly had called in a
false bomb report earlier so according
to FBI documents Miller called 911
documents documents on March 18th while
he was riding an Amtrak train from DC to
New York City and reported a woman with
brown hair and a scarf quote has a bomb
in her bag
an Amtrak police officer called back
Miller who added that the woman kept
checking the bag and seemed to want to
get off the train and leave it behind
but then the plot thickens here's what
we find out apparently he had gotten
into some sort of verbal altercation
with this woman he got into a you know
verbal fight with her and the Amtrak
driver said that he had too much to
drink he had four drinks and was acting
in a belligerent manner and so finally
the authorities researched this a little
more investigated this a little more and
found out that he kind of did it to
retaliate against this woman in fact it
caused a lot of trouble Miller gave the
cops the wrong train number and as a
result a different train was stopped in
Connecticut evacuated in search causing
massive Amtrak delays in fact it caused
926 man hours worth of delays so the
train attendants said he'd consumed at
least two glasses of wine and two double
scotches and sodas we don't know what he
consumed before he got on the train i TJ
Miller's life is now a train wreck so he
was had stories come out regarding the
me2 movement they took him off of
Silicon Valley which I forgot and I was
watching the show and I'm like why won't
he come back and read read the storm
like right he was already in massive
trouble in his life right and then he
calls in this fake bomb threat because
he's got a grudge against this woman
stops the wrong train now by the way
this is no joke he is facing potentially
years in jail this is a very serious
crime you can't just call in a bomb
threat a B you can't try to get someone
else considered a terrorist that's not a
thing you do lightly because you had a
verbal spat
with them so PJ Miller who had a really
budding career interesting career not
just on Silicon Valley but and stand up
and I've said you've seen him show after
show now just an absolute tailspin
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
