the Census Bureau has just released a
fascinating look into when women have
children and how much it negatively
impacts the gender gap between them and
their husbands now the most interesting
part of this study was that if women
have these children before 25 or after
35 they're much more likely to close the
gender gap with their husbands or the
pay gap with their husbands so let's
give you the details on this and they're
specifically talking about the firstborn
child within a marriage okay so the
Sonny found that immediately after the
first birth or the birth of the first
child in the marriage the pay gap
between spouses doubles entirely driven
by a drop in the mother's pay men's
wages though keep rising because they
don't necessarily have to deal with the
disruption of having that baby usually
the child rearing the bulk of the work
even now with more equality lands or
falls on on the mother okay so when
women have their first child between age
25 and 35 their pay never recovers
relative to that of their husbands yet
women who have their first baby either
before 25 or after 35 before their
careers get started or once they're
established eventually lose the pay gap
with their husbands so just to give you
further context into this the
researchers found that those who first
give birth in their late 30s tend to be
more educated with higher paying jobs
while those who have babies in their
early 20s have less education and lower
earnings so those who are more educated
and have higher paying jobs but
unfortunately end up having children
during those prime career years have the
most to lose yes so now don't get me
wrong the lower earners sometimes drop
out of the field completely and don't
seek another job but even so they earned
so little that the pay gap difference
between them and their husbands is not
necessarily as big as it is for the
higher earners
and so this story is really interesting
I didn't know these numbers and I think
it has good news and bad news
the good news is well the pay gap is
shrinking for women about who have kids
above the age of 35 that means they have
built up enough leverage in their
careers to be able to be valuable enough
that they maintain their salaries and
and close the gap with their husbands
after the kids so that's actually great
news and for women who have kids early
on they can still recoverin still close
the gap that's actually better news that
I expected obviously the very bad news
is that between 25 and 35 is both the
prime years for giving birth and the
prime years for building your career and
it's really hard to fix that so that's a
giant giant issue now there's of course
you know our expectations around gender
we'll get to in a second as well but the
heart of the story does begin to explain
a lot of things when we see the
disparity between the genders so I want
to talk a little bit more about the
child-rearing because you know
oftentimes when we do these stories
there are some men who feel outraged
because they feel like they're really
chipping in and helping in their
marriage but you have to look at the big
picture the broader picture and the
reality is even with increasing equality
in the household when it comes to these
you know certain responsibilities most
of the time women are responsible for
most of the housework and for raising
the kids let's go to graphic sixty-six
even in families in which both parents
work full-time women spend almost double
the time on housework housework in
childcare and when women work fewer
hours they are paid disproportionately
less and become less likely to get
raises and promotions so when women have
children during you know that timeframe
between 25 years old and 35 years old
keep in mind that they inevitably will
have to dedicate more of their time to
raising their kids and as a result they
are not able to work around the clock as
women who don't have children can do by
the way like
the nine-to-five jobs don't exist
anymore you're expected to work around
the clock and if you're not able to
answer emails from your boss at 8
o'clock at night on a Sunday well then
it could hurt you promotion wise raise
wise you get the picture so here are
some more findings women earn twelve
thousand six hundred dollars less than
men before children are born and twenty
five thousand one hundred dollars less
afterward an aunt by the way this is
obviously on average it and it analyzed
earnings for opposite sex married
couples who had their first child
between 1978 and 2011 using earnings
records from the Social Security
Administration and data from the Census
Bureau's survey of income and program
participation by the way I did some
digging to see what the current gender
pay gap is and even though people throw
around that government statistic of I
think it's 77 cents to the dollar the
reality is if you compare the same jobs
that men and women are working right
you're comparing apples to apples the
gender pay gap has shrunk considerably
it's about women earning 98 cents for
every dollar that men earn but then if
you break it down based on specific jobs
the gap does widen for specific
industries so for instance when it comes
to software developers men earned 4%
more computer systems administration's
administrators earn 3% more if you're a
man registered nurse which is
traditionally thought of as a female
dominated industry while men still earn
2% more than women do yeah so I think
that this is illuminating in terms of
finding out what one of the issues is it
doesn't mean that there isn't bias
against women so what one of the parts
of the study that I found most
interesting is even if the woman was
making more than the man in the
relationship she's the one that was
expected to take care of the baby or did
in reality take care of the baby
based on the who they studied and then
that heard her earning potential
significantly in those twenty five to
thirty five year range and so the family
actually lost more money than if the
husband had stayed at home
and taking care of the kids but on
average they didn't it was the woman who
stayed home and took care of the kids
and a lot of those choices by the way
are voluntary
they're not based on bias or or societal
expectations some women want to stay
home and take care of their children of
course that's perfectly normal and
understandable but are there also
societal expectations yes and so that
affects why women work harder at home
even if they work longer hours in the
office and that explains one to some
degree why women stay at home instead of
the men even if they earn more so we
understand the pay gap just a little bit
better because of this study and like I
said both good news and bad news in
there and also like keep in mind biology
does play a role as well let me finish
my point before people start freaking
out I mean when you think about it a lot
of women want to breastfeed their
children and it's incredibly difficult
to do that if a woman goes right back to
work after giving birth to that baby and
so there are all sorts of complications
and difficult questions that need to be
answered and dealt with and
unfortunately you know we're not really
having a smart nuanced conversation
about what works and what doesn't
another interesting component of this
study was the fact that in Scandinavian
countries where they have this whole
infrastructure set up to help support
women and families who decide to have
children
that pay gap exists it still exists and
part of the reason why is because well
this is the hypothesis Scandinavian
countries offer so much paid leave
that's oftentimes women take too much
time off and they don't enter the job
force or a workforce soon enough to help
close that pay gap the last thing is in
the postgame and I want to ask you what
your personal thoughts on this are not
just your opinions on the policy and the
news story but how you feel being in
that range so in the post games we
talked a little bit more about our
personal lives so TYT Network comm slash
join to become a member to get the post
games at all the Yonkers show
commercial-free so I'll be looking
forward to what you have to say about
that you just watch the video by the
young turks home of the revolution if
you'd like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
