now Ted Nugent is a well-known right
winger he's not a very well-known
musician he had some pervy songs a long
time ago that Mike Huckabee liked to
sing with him former governor of
Arkansas about how they lust after the
young daughter of a neighbor and of
course if you go back further
Ted Newt you're probably best known for
crapping his pants to get out of the
Vietnam War he said it I didn't
later realizing how deeply embarrassing
it is that he actually caked his pants
for a week so they would think he was
crazy to get out of Vietnam he bragged
about it initially and he's got all the
war they realized hey you're a coward
you love to go around with your guns and
talk about how you gonna kill everybody
but it turns out you're the world's
biggest coward you had plenty of chance
to kill people in Vietnam and what you
do you crap your pants okay so now we
know this about Ted Nugent there's a new
twist coming up but I wanted to remind
you of all of his previous insults too
because it's relevant to this story he
had called Obama for example a subhuman
mongrel
and he had also said Obama he's a piece
of crap I told him to suck on my machine
gun hey Hillary you might want to ride
one of these into the sunset again
referring to his weapons you worthless
bitch okay so that's Ted Nugent but
after one of the shootings you might
wonder what shooting actually bothered
Ted Nugent seems to be fairly Pro
shooting at least as long as he's not on
the receiving end as he could have been
in Vietnam but chose not to and chose
not to represent our country have I
mentioned that anyway no twas when the
Republican legislature got shot Steve
Scalise then he was concerned and called
for civility now I'm gonna play that for
you and then we're gonna see today if he
lived up to that call so this is what he
had said about how he's gonna tone it
down watch reevaluated my approach even
though I'm a street fighter I'm from
Detroit yeah use language in the street
we use certain harsh terms but at the
tender age of 69 my wife has convinced
me that I just can't use those hard
terms I
and I will not and I encourage even my
friends / enemy on the left in the
Democrat and liberal world that we have
got to be civil to each other I'm going
to take a deep breath and I am going to
back it down and if it gets fiery if it
gets hateful I'm going away I'm not
going to engage in that kind of hateful
rhetoric anymore oh yeah good one good
one so he has employed people to be
civil to each other and he's gonna not
gonna engage in hateful rhetoric by the
way my favorite part was I'm a street
fighter from Detroit
you had a chance to be a fighter in the
jungles apparently you weren't that kind
of fighter but what kind of Street
Fighter craps his pants at the idea of a
fight anyway now let me show you a
little bit about what Ted Nugent said
about the victims of another shooting
that was of course the shooting in
parkland so a lot of the young kids
there have spoken out against gun
violence and Nugent apparently doesn't
like that now knew just about to say
something worse - but first very
recently this is what he said about
those kids the lies from the left the
lies from these poor mushy brain
children who have been fed lies and
parrot the lies they are actually
committing spiritual suicide because
everything they recommend will cause
more death and mayhem the dumbing down
of America is manifested in the cultural
deprivation of our our academia that
have taught these kids the lies media
that have prodded and curves and
provided these kids lies I really feel
sorry for them because it's not only
ignorant and dangerously stupid
but it's it's it's soulless these two
attack
the good law-abiding families of America
when well-known predictable murderers
commit these Horrors is deep into the
category of Solace these poor children
I'm afraid to say and it hurts me to say
this but the evidence is irrefutable
have no soul
wow the kids that were the victims of
the shooting in parkland Florida have no
salt and he apparently has irrefutable
evidence of that and Ted Nugent talking
about the dumbing down of America and
being dangerously stupid
the irony is thick with that it's almost
caked into this story so that was him on
the Joe packs radio show but we're not
done yet it's Ted Nugent he's only gonna
make it worse so the guy who called for
civility then talked about killing
Democrats liberals Republicans he
doesn't agree with let's watch just know
the evil dishonesty and scam artists
have always been around and that right
now their liberal their Democrat the
Rhinos their Hollywood their fake news
their media their academia and their
half of our government at least so come
to that realization there are rabid
coyote running around you don't wait
till you see one to go get your gun keep
your gun handy and every time you see
one you shoot one you shoot one you
shoot a liberal every time you see one
Democrat say man the insecurity on him
is hilarious and also dangerous remember
about the part with a shooting they said
oh the cops didn't do enough the guy
said all the time that he was gonna do a
shooting here's Ted Nugent over and over
again saying well you shoot him you
shoot him there's a Republican you don't
agree with you shoot him distant
Democrat you shoot him there's a liberal
you shoot him hey Obama suck on my gun
Hillary I'm gonna shoot you over and
over and over again but in this country
we've lost our minds so know when people
threaten violence like that the
government is not here to help you they
won't do a damn thing about it because
if you went to talk to Nugent about it
east crap his pants all over again and
he crying crying trigger to go oh my god
the government is coming for me just
because I'd say that I'd murder people
they're trying to take away my guns and
my rights I guarantee you Nugent would
cry and cry and cry that's all he ever
does I mean that video was the perfect
picture of two cowards hanging out
together
talking about how tough they are so now
Ted Nugent is monstrous we get it right
but you know that he's on the board of
the NRA
he's not just some weirdo has been
so-called celebrity and take a look at
this this is the board of the NRA and
there's Ted Nugent that's crazy I mean
look first of all you look at that list
it's a murderer's row of of criminals
Oliver North should be in prison Tom
Selleck we did a story about how he's
taking water from his neighbor's and not
paying for it where he lives anyway but
Ted Nugent on the board of the NRA so I
guess the NRA now is in favor of
murdering moderate Republicans if they
exist Democrats and liberals okay how
come there are no rules for any of the
right-wing if a person on the Left was
part of a giant
progressive organization they were on
the board of it and they called for the
murder of Republicans what do you think
would happen there's no way they would
be on that board the next day but the
right wing has no rules and no one ever
enforces it I guess we're used to them
being monsters hey pres can we at least
be honest about it
it is not equal the left wing and the
right wing in this country are not equal
one side is monstrous and is proud of it
and no one ever does anything about it
by the way this monster also hangs out
with the president so here he is in a
picture at the White House shaking hands
with President Trump could you imagine
if Obama had shook hands with an
entertainer that talked about murdering
Republicans Fox News would have never
stopped talking about it until every
Democrat in the country had to apologize
20 times over but at least we know what
they stand for now that's Ted Nugent big
friend of Donald Trump if Trump doesn't
renounce him I guess he believes as
similar ideas which by the way would we
be surprised just understand the right
wing and the left wing are not the same
on that side are people that relish the
violence and look forward to a day where
they can actually do that to people on
the other side of course when it comes
to them
run and run and run like the cowards
that they are what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm / join
