the cop who shot and killed laQuan
McDonald a 17 year old back in 2014 has
been convicted of second-degree murder
his name is Jason van Dyke he is
obviously no longer a cop
but again the shooting took place back
in 2014 and it all started when someone
called the authorities to say that
laQuan McDonald was walking down the
street with a knife in his hand and so
Jason van Dyke shows up there were eight
cops on the scene and he opened fire
almost immediately and killed laQuan
McDonald and later claimed that McDonald
was going after him with a knife but
later footage indicated that that was
not true so members of the jury told
reporters that Jason Van Dyke's
testimony was not credible and seemed
rehearsed the jurors who did not give
their names said the veteran police
officer did nothing to de-escalate the
situation that led up to the fatal
shooting in fact one juror noted as
damning testimony that van Dyke told his
partner and this was heard on the on the
dashcam oh my God we're going to have to
shoot this guy before arriving at the
scene so he had already made the
decision that he was going to open fire
and so that apparently made an
impression on the jurors also the
prosecution said that Van Dyke fired
unnecessarily within six seconds after
arriving at the scene striking McDonald
16 times so the footage that was
released thirteen months after the
shooting and this is because the judge
demanded that the footage get released
showed that laQuan McDonald was actually
walking away from the cop and so he did
not pose any threat he was not in any
type of danger that would lead him to
just to be justified in opening fire and
he also lied in the police report and so
I usually stories like this come up like
Walter Scott ran away from the cop as
the cop opened fire and killed him and
there was no justice in that case and so
I just didn't expect justice in this
case but
luckily there was what the officer did
here was wrong and the jurors did
convict him of second-degree murder so
when we go into these friends that you
guys talk about and we hear us meet a
mother of a black son say that these are
the things that we worry about and we
have to think about that live in our
minds daily every time our kids walk out
the door when you try to make us police
haters when all we are asking for is
equality and justice and you see
something like this this is what we're
talking about when you screen blue lives
matter we don't want cops to get killed
we want justice for the wrongdoings of
those officers that misuse their power
and abuse it and do these kinds of
things and we have to speak up for these
young black voices that don't we'll
never be heard so I'm really glad about
this I hope it becomes an infection that
spreads throughout our country and that
we can see a reform in this justice
system and this police system because we
still got to worry about our sons that
night getting pulled over absolutely and
I think something that really resonates
with me because we've seen it a number
of times where the officer is on video
and it doesn't match up the report but
then he's not hell or she's not held
accountable in an actual trial and in
this instance he is held accountable
which is great it's not for first-degree
murder which there was enough evidence
to go for that definitely him saying
we're gonna have to kill someone showing
up six seconds and then just you know
killing the young man but still
secondary murder hey we'll take it and
then I believe it's like 16 counts of
aggravated battery based on each bullet
that was put into the young man that's
great and so we're moving more toward
where we should be as a society in terms
of holding people accountable for their
misconduct it doesn't matter that he's a
police officer and also something that
officers should be also focused on is
this you know colleague of yours lied
and that undermines what you say moving
forward and so you should really kind of
check each other so that you don't bring
down the authority that police hold in
believing their word and you know and we
have to continue to work together as SSI
just all of us including the police in
terms of seeking accountability because
even if someone is a member of law
enforcement if they have broken the law
and taken someone's life there should be
accountability there yeah and and in
this particular case it appeared that
there were officers who were helping him
cover up what really happened and I
don't know if they're ever gonna face
any consequences for that but at least
we know that this does send a message
you as a cop if you're not an imminent
danger you are supposed to de-escalate
the situation right it and the the race
of the person shouldn't matter you know
none of that should matter you're
supposed to protect and serve and so you
have no idea whether or not the person
who's holding the knife has a mental
health issue like you have to find ways
to de-escalate it and if you are in
imminent danger if someone really is
coming at you with a knife and you feel
like you're about to die that's when you
make a decision about whether or not to
you know use your firearm but in this
case I mean within six seconds there
were no questions asked
get in there six seconds later you open
fire and you read the details about how
it all happened and after laQuan
McDonald was already on the ground he
continued opening fire continued
shooting and it just didn't need to be
like that and so it's hopefully this
becomes a trend and and there's more
justice when we hear about these stories
two easy ways for young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
