since Trump is the honestly the driving
force in the division and the rhetoric
that we're experiencing in the country
right now it's curious to hear what he
has to say about all this is he going to
strongly condemn what's happening with
these bombs that are being sent to
various liberals and democratic
political figures well he did speak
about this at a press conference there
are several portions that I want to show
you let's start with the first I'd like
to begin today's remarks by providing an
update on the suspicious packages and
devices mailed to current and former
high-ranking government officials the
safety of the American people is my
highest and absolute priority I have
just concluded a briefing with the FBI
Department of Justice Department of
Homeland Security and the u.s. Secret
Service as we speak the packages are
being inspected by top explosive experts
and a major federal investigation is now
underway the full weight of our
government is being deployed to conduct
this investigation and bring those
responsible for these despicable acts to
justice we will spare no resources or
expense in this effort I just want to
tell you that in these times we have to
unify we have to come together and send
one very clear strong unmistakable
message that acts were threats of
political violence of any kind have no
place in the United States of America
okay he's reading from a prompter and
let me explain why that's relevant all
presidents read from prompters that's
not the big deal
but Trump often does not read it from a
prompter so he's reading from one there
why because his aides know my god do not
let him off the cuff okay because what's
he gonna say he's gonna say there's good
people on both sides right so they're
like okay hey knucklehead make sure you
say it is terrible and dangerous okay
and he's a well-known coward so he might
say like well I mean my guys are bombing
maybe they'll bomb me and okay wait wait
this is important and dangerous right
but no but you're the guy who said after
there was a shooting in a press room and
in Maryland you continued called a the
press the enemy of the people
and then Khashoggi was murdered he's a
columnist for The Washington Post he was
dismembered and beheaded and then you
went out and gave a speech saying it was
great that jiya 40 a Republican Congress
said body slammed a reporter and has
viciously assaulted him right and you
know you celebrated that at a rally just
last week and now you turn around like
oh my golly gee there's violence in the
country and we're on it we're on it so
you know with any other US president
what he said in that statement was
perfectly fine but for Trump to say that
the safety of Americans is his highest
and absolute priority is laughable
because of all the reasons you just
listed right now I mean he has given a
nod and a wink toward violence over and
over again he did it during his campaign
where he said that you know he would pay
for the legal bills or fees if someone
had gone after a trump protester if one
of his voters or supporters had done so
just last week as you mentioned the
Jeanne Forte comment about body slamming
reporters I mean over and over again you
hear violent rhetoric from Trump and it
has emboldened others to speak this way
about the other side about the other
political side and this non-stop
fear-mongering that we see when it comes
to migrants when it comes to anyone that
they consider their opponents that does
have an impact
especially when you consider the fact
that you know tempers are out of control
right now and we also have like severe
mental health issues that go untreated
in this country because of our
ridiculous health care system and so
when you speak the way that you do Trump
people listen and if someone's unhinged
enough to buy into your nonsense they
might act on it and that's what we're
seeing right now so he called the left a
violent mob for actually asking for
their government to do better okay like
wow how dare you talk to government
officials without a check in your hand
and if you're not a lobbyist man you're
a violent mob and then the care men
violent mob not something not violent
mob so what does that do it gets people
going oh well then I gotta stop their
violence right even though that violence
that doesn't actually exist and then
remember what he said in one of the
rallies hey in the good old days when
someone spoke up like this we took him
out on a stretcher well Donald Trump
congratulations if the bombs had gone
off
you would have taken people out on
stretchers then remember one of the
tweets that got a lot of attention early
on in his presidency was when he showed
that you know video of CNN you know
getting body slammed by a wrestler and I
mean he keeps spreading this message of
violence and division over and over
again it has an impact the fish head in
the fish rots from the head down I mean
when when right-wing it white
supremacists and neo-nazis killed
someone in Charlottesville remember they
actually put 30 people in a hospital guy
ran over 30 people and killed one Trump
came out and said well there's good
people on both sides
unbelieva and then oh what good golly
gee I wonder where the violence came
from I can't quite tell I wonder if the
president encouraged it yes he most
definitely encouraged it over and over
and over again so if you're a right
winger please spare me your stupid
disingenuous tears about who my god are
could you say that we're so triggered
how could you say that it's Donald
Trump's fault and it's our fault for
constantly asking for violence well you
do ass
for violence and now you've received it
congratulations thanks for watching this
free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
calm slash join
