there is a new law in California passed
by Governor Jerry Brown that says now
California will be banning the sale of
animal tested cosmetics blessed blessed
blessed Jerry Brown just goes around and
kicked some buns the bill prohibits
manufacturers from trying to quote
import for-profit sell or offer for sale
any cosmetic that is tested on animals
the law goes into effect January 1st of
2020 why just because that's how it
works
there was a law speaking of beer there
was a worry of we're drinking in Russia
they didn't recognize beer they loved
vodka so much they didn't recognize
beers and alcoholic beverage - like 2013
they passed that law in 2011 it took two
years to be like this is an alcoholic so
everyone was just drinking beers all day
long like it was soda it was classified
exactly the same as soda in the stores
and for children's reasons how that is
so lame but this is great from now on
when it comes to selling animal tested
products if you violate this you pay a
fine of five thousand dollars instantly
and then a thousand dollars for every
day you continue to sell that product Oh
Shh love that do you use a lot of animal
test approach no of course I don't Brett
I go out of my way to not buy to buy
cruelty-free yeah you so this is a dream
come true
are there any products that you swear by
because they're ant not animal tested
like are there any that you gravitate
toward do you want to know my skincare
routine yes please oh my god I actually
make my own serums thank you so much for
asking I had coffee face stuff he gave
me once
oh yeah a coffee scrub yeah yeah I'm
really grateful that you gave me that I
have a question about this mane and tail
oh yeah I've used this this isn't tested
on animals
this is perfected on animals and animals
get to experience the luxury I learned
about this from Morgan Spurlock oh wow
mane and tail is is both and I think
this is the ideal we should aspire to to
treat animal and
human the same it is a shampoo that you
use both on animals and people because
it's so good I think that's great very
love to put my serums on my dog - what a
great little day you'd have right smart
day with my baby and I'd give her a
little paw massage with my oils warm
them up then put your foot in their
mouth
yeah she like apps like me the best app
out there's the TYT + app and it's
available right now on iOS and Android
download to get more TYT content at TYT
comm /a PP o-- app Appa Appa its app my
vet
