let's talk a little bit about your
opponent Joseph Crowley so he doesn't
even live here
he lives in Virginia but he has a house
here so if I was a rich guy or a rich
woman I could basically buy any property
I want and then you know represent that
district it's it's absurd I mean I guess
Hillary Clinton did it a little in New
York and then obviously Mitt Romney's
doing it right now with you in Utah but
it for a a blue state like this in New
York it seems particularly egregious
yeah yeah it's it's tough to have
representations that doesn't even live
in our community and to my opponents
credit he was born here so it's not like
it's coming out of nowhere but he hasn't
lived here in 20 years he raises his
children in Virginia or his whole
family's out there and in the meantime
we're in crisis and to not be able to
live here I think is a huge detriment to
representing this community papa
properly because the Queen's of 20 years
ago is not the Queen's of today and I
think it's really important now more
than ever for our elected officials to
to be a part of the communities that
they're supposed to represent and he was
one of the most ardent supporters of
Hillary Clinton came out right out of
the gate not saying that you can't have
supported her and still be a progressive
but you know Bernie didn't in the in the
general but it kind of goes to show if
you're doing it right out of the gate
where your priorities lie I think the
actual problem here is that there were
so many elected officials that were part
of this super delegate system and they
participated in stacking the deck for
any any one candidate before the
primaries were even underway we had
people who were already trying to cast
book votes one way or another and
regardless of how a person feels about
that primary I think that that system is
completely undemocratic and and and he's
he's an integral part of that system as
being a county chair right of the
Democratic Party not only is he the
chairman of the local party but he's
so the head of the House Democrats and
before that he was the head of what was
known as the New Democrats which was the
corporatist Democratic caucus in
Congress how dare you say corporatists I
know they say you're not supposed to say
that when you're running but it's really
true because there's a there's a wing of
the Democratic Party I know barney frank
once said well you know what are we
supposed to do unilaterally disarm and
not take corporate money like no because
the democrats will always lose at that
game because they're funding weak
democrats and strong conservatives and
that's the issue that's why we removed
our policies and our politics have been
shifting further and further to the
right and your opponent represents that
shift yeah and i think what's so
important to is that listen if you're a
centrist democrat and you want to
advocate for more watered-down liberal
policies and you want to take a bunch of
corporate money go run in a swing state
because I understand if you're running
as a Republican you may feel like you
need to right right I understand those
races but our community is 85%
Democratic voters and then we've got
about another 10% that's independent
unaffiliated then you have about like
five eight percent actual Republicans
this is one of the most progressive
voting districts in America and to be
represented by an official that
champions the causes of Wall Street Big
Pharma
private equity is completely
inappropriate let that come from
somewhere else but our job in our
community is to champion the causes of
Medicare for all tuition free college
the fight for 15 someone as to champion
the progressive movement in this
and it should be this community we're
talking about a representative democracy
and the representatives should represent
the will of the constituents which I
guarantee you are very much more aligned
with your point of view than your
opponent and for the viewers that don't
really know whoever wins this primary
wins the seat as Alex just alluded to
it's completely blue it's solidly blue
and even especially in in a year like
2018 it seems to be the case so Crowley
how many votes did you were you were
telling me this he got how many votes
last election yeah so this is one of the
lowest turnout districts probably in the
country I wouldn't be surprised in the
borough of count of in the in the
borough of Queens he received just a bit
over five thousand votes how many people
are in your district and there's 700,000
people in the district in total so
that's the thing this race is so
winnable people say how do you have a
like how do you even have a prayer
winning this race but the thing is is
that when the electorate is frankly the
party hasn't been doing the work of
organizing the people in this community
of educating the electorate expanding
the electorate fighting for people's
right to vote so the point that turnout
is so low that this could be anybody's
race it's about who puts the boots on
the ground and who organizes voters the
mouth so do you think that they're not
attributing resources to encourage
turnout because they know it's safe blue
and they don't really care who
represents it yeah I think there's a
certain amount of apathy that's
attributed to safe blue states that we
don't need to fight as hard in these
states and I think sometimes what
happens if that voters get taken for
granted it's just frustrating that it's
not even about the issues it's just
about having a blue seed mm-hmm
it's yeah it's just about whether you're
blue or red and so long as you say
you're a Democrat sometimes you can just
take any old issue that you want and you
can really be a Republican for all
intents and purposes but so long as you
say you're a Democrat sometimes people
can't tell the difference as is the case
with your opponent financially I don't
say with the financial industry Wall
Street things like that it's that that
case couldn't definitely be made I'm
excited for this primary I'm excited to
see what happens where it goes and one
of the things if anything that I've
learned in my race is that the presence
of a primary holds our elected officials
accountable almost automatically because
there's a lot of behavior that they
would engage in otherwise if there
wasn't this threat of them being
challenged so you aren't in the camp of
Democrats that says the primaries are
hurting the party hell no it makes us
better it makes our candidates better
and you're seeing that within your race
because Crowley is I guess moving to the
left on some issues because of your
influence yeah if our campaign was into
here we would have definitely seen more
of the same because and the thing is too
is that frankly I think that once it
gets time for a primary it's too late
the person has the record that they have
and
have that record that speaks for itself
if you have voted for Wall Street
deregulation you voted for it right that
just because he's saying this now it
doesn't mean that's going to actually
change if he gets reelected and you're
unsuccessful so yeah I I completely
agree with you there
so Crowley has deep ties to the party in
the city and in the state do you want to
take the second step and say that maybe
this is an effort to kind of suppress
your candidacy well what I will say is
that it's pretty normal this kind of
behavior has been normalized and we're
not allowed to talk about it it's seen
as I'm becoming it's seen as oh you're
running a negative campaign by calling
attention to these issues but the reason
they continue to do it is because no one
calls it out no one calls out the
corruption in the local Democratic Party
and I'm a Democrat but no one wants to
call it out and because no one calls it
out it continues we're talking about
self-policing earlier about police being
able to investigate you're the Attorney
General deciding oh I'm not gonna bring
charges against these police officers
it's the same thing the Democratic Party
it's like they're investigating
themselves and so it's this circular
corruption that keeps going on and on I
mean we don't even need to talk about
how corrupt the Republican Party is but
the Democrats especially in the state
like New York a blue Haven are supposed
to be the ones that are actually
representing the people yeah and then
what happens is that it's working-class
New Yorkers who pay because we don't
have choices in our elections because we
suppress candidates because we make it
harder for working people to run for
office because you have to have ties to
wealth and the establishment and all
this
that in the other and then what happens
is that we suffer because then we don't
get out because you for Medicare for all
we don't get advocacy for a green new
deal we don't get advocacy for reducing
the incarcerated state that we live in
you
