in Mississippi some Republicans have
introduced legislation that would expand
gang laws laws aimed at gangs in
Mississippi well before you jump to
conclusions you should know that most of
the gangs in Mississippi are actually
white and I clarify that because
apparently a lot of people don't know
that but I'm not the only one clarifying
it the good folks in Mississippi going
after the gangs are clarifying it but is
that why people are pursuing this law
and the law has not passed yet
well senator Bryce Wiggins who
introduced it said it is not a
Republican Democratic black or white
issue so this is not about race okay and
so let's find out how this has been
enforced what the situation Mississippi
is with gangs overall okay so first over
the last year members of the Mississippi
Association of gang investigators work
to spread the message that not all gang
members in Mississippi are African
American Hispanic or another ethnicity
because they have to clarify that
because it is often put out there by the
media that it's that and the people have
the wrong impression and this reported
by the Jackson Free Press in fact they
warned many of the state's toughest gang
members are now white between the
growing Simon City Royals white
supremacist groups like the Aryan
Brotherhood and biker clubs such as the
violin Bandidos started by a white
marine in Texas in 1966 who would later
be convicted of murder in fact in August
of 2017
this same gang unit and within the
Mississippi government though told the
clarion-ledger that 53 percent of
verified gang members a number
presumably pulled from the dozens of
identified criminal groups in the state
are white now do they also black and
Latino gangs of course they do and gangs
like the Vice floors which are
african-american and are large in that
area and in fact Mississippi now overall
as a percentage of their population has
the highest percentage of African
Americans of any state so so the
majority of the gangs are white of
course
the state is also white but there is
actually a very significant African
American population Mississippi as well
I'm giving you all the context and so
are they which is good so again this
gang unit it within the Mississippi
government as the Jackson Free Press
explains their recent message was clear
the state's gang investigators are not
fixated on black gangs and do not want
the expanded gang law in order to
profile young people of color so I love
this reassurances and it's a good thing
and it's a good education campaign so so
far so good
in addition Maggie again that's the
group that we're talking about here M
hei
members regularly provided examples of
heinous crimes by white gang members
such as the murder and dismemberment of
a royal snitch on the coast in 2016 so
not only are the majority of the gangs
in Mississippi white and the gang
members white but staid it's not like
they're softer gangs no vicious vicious
gangs ok so now more it is not talking
about a lot on the push for an expanding
gang wha
but Mississippi already has a gang law
in the books the mississippi street gang
Act passed in 2001 targets three or more
persons with an established hierarchy
that through its membership or through
the agency of any member engaged engages
in felonious criminal activity so what
they want to do is they want to expand
that current law now here comes the
interesting part that law or it exists
and I just told you they just told you
over and over again actually the
majority of the gang sir white so how
was it enforced the administrative
office of the courts confirmed that from
fiscal year 2010 through 2017 court
disposition data showed that ninety
seven people were processed under
current gang law all of them were black
so it's not that they don't prosecute
white people at all
the guy who December people was
prosecuted the other guy who started
Bandidos was prosecuted from
but do they use this law this specific
law about gangs well in the case of
Mississippi in these years 2010 to 2017
that's a pretty large sample size they
never used it against White's they only
use it against blacks so every once in a
while people will come out and they'll
say oh we're just getting tough on crime
hey look it's fair for everybody I just
want to protect people we're gonna be
tough on crime but oftentimes you'll
find that in the enforcement that it is
not about being tough on crime it is
selective enforcement to be tough on a
particular community instead they are
not the majority of the gang members in
Mississippi but they make up 100% of the
people prosecuted for this gang law in
Mississippi that's the reality you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
