last night the Republicans were dealt
yet another defeat this time in
Wisconsin and this time in the state
Supreme Court
we've covered a lot of elections many of
them shocking over the past year not a
lot have been for State Supreme Court
seats but here we have judge Rebecca
dalit beating Judge Michael screen och
dalit is the Democrat in this case and
she won by like 11 points pretty
significant and if I remember correctly
it's been something like 21 years since
they won one of these elections so that
is certainly interesting although not
out of the norm for elections recently
so she's gonna replace outgoing
conservative Justice Michael Gable Minh
bringing the courts 5-2 conservative
majority down to four three so the
Conservatives will still have the lead
for now at the very least now she had
some help from outside of the state her
endorsements came from former US
Attorney General Eric Holder of former
Vice President Joe Biden and New Jersey
senator Cory Booker amongst others okay
wonderful development first of all we
shouldn't be electing judges just sent
random side don't and part of the reason
why progressives hadn't won in Wisconsin
for those kind of seats in a long time
is because the courts decide a lot of
cases that have to do with business
interests so what do business interest
you they pour in tons of money to make
sure that their justices win right and
they right they literally buy justice so
I mean you could you could have
elections for four core positions as
long as you don't have money in politics
but if you have private financing of
elections then people can just it's an
open auction for the judges as well as
for the politicians it's insanity
but now there's such great fervor in the
land for progressive victories and
against Donald Trump that that she won
by a comfortable margin it earlier in
Wisconsin there was that election that
Scott Walker had called a wake-up call
for the Republican Party that it was a
seat that Donald Trump had won by 17
points it was a state Senate seat and
now damn
and in special elections in fact in this
same state Democrats have been so
successful in these special elections
the Scott Walker tried to end special
elections completely and the courts were
and as you can tell the courts are
actually conservative still to this day
was five to two in fact the time they're
like yeah that's still illegal you can't
do that you can't just say there are no
more elections yeah right but they they
took it in stride I actually think this
is Pennsylvania but were they got the
same sort of thing and they were like
okay we're gonna impeach all the
justices that really yeah they wanted
not in Wisconsin but they did they are
trying that in Pennsylvania now that
leads me to Scott Walker's tweets on
this which I found hilariously ironic
he said tonight's results show we are
risk of a blue wave in Wisconsin goddamn
right you are the far left hilarious is
driven by anger and hatred even funnier
we must counter it with optimism and
organization back to hilarious let's
share our positive story with voters and
win in November the left is driven by
anger and hatred are we the ones
accusing others of being criminals and
rapists and making sure that we ban
whole groups of people from coming
because we hate them so much and we're
fearful of them are we the ones that did
that tiki torch rally in Charlottesville
filled with anger and hatred their their
ability to protect what they're thinking
onto their opponents is limitless
so and then I love the idea of
Republicans with optimism like oh my god
maybe immigrants will bring us good
things
maybe the race is being together is
wonderful maybe gay Americans should
have the same rights as straight
Americans I'm so optimistic the
Republican Party okay yeah by the way I
love it it doesn't matter who you are
you're running as a Democrat that just
call you the far left I she's described
as a liberal I have no idea what it
positions all right I don't know that
she's some sort of crazy wide-eyed
progressive she's a liberal and she's
the far left be scared of the far left
okay well it's not like there's any far
right to be scared
no and it's not like they're in charge
so final tweet from Scott Walker is big
government special interests again
hilarious flooded Wisconsin with
distorted facts and misinformation next
they'll target me now we have why you're
so animated anyway and work to undo our
bold reforms taxes destroying workers
right anyway we need to keep moving
Wisconsin forward made sure a blue wave
of outside special interest money
doesn't take us backward okay his his
complaints about outside special
interest money flooding into elections
is but just about is the peak of irony
if you remember during the the huge
conflict in Wisconsin and there was all
the protests around the Capitol and
Scott Walker was besieged which was a
great thing he won fair's fair
right but at the time there was an
activist who pretended to be one of the
Koch brothers and called Governor Walker
and there was a tape and he thought it
was really one of the Koch brothers who
are special interest money from outside
the state and Governor Walker was like
yes sir what can I do for you sir yeah
absolutely sir what else would you need
sir there's money from outside of the
state well those are really special
interests if you liked this video bless
your heart we got a lot more where that
came from we do a full show every day
Monday through Friday come enjoy ad-free
by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
