we've got a couple of charts for you in
a few other topics we can talk about
what you're gonna see here is the
historic average hourly earnings for
black and white people per hour there
are a lot of ways that you can measure
economic success in outcomes obviously
but this is one of them and you see
they're going back to before the 80s
there has been something like parity
between white and black men some ups
some down you see that that both did
pretty well through the mid to late 90s
with very very slow rises over that and
some backsliding
but the gap has never really gotten
smaller and you see that for women that
the gap is is smaller but it is
increasing over time as white women are
doing slightly better as we get to the
modern era so there's a couple of things
here one is about races you just pointed
out there unfortunately in some ways
it's worse now also about wealth of
wrong we were talking about how on this
50th anniversary of Martin Luther King's
assassination he was about to lead the
Poor People's Campaign right before he
was killed and the bottom half of
American earners have stagnated since
his since he passed so unfortunately no
help for the for the poor people that he
was trying to help as as he was killed
well the top 1% of American earners have
tripled their average income so you know
a light for the rest of us was snuffed
out and and then we got no help but the
top 1% kept rising and rising so I want
to show the next chart here from Vox as
well they did a good job putting this
together
that's the black unemployment rate
versus the white unemployment rate so
the black unemployment rate has
continued to be higher and so we have
not closed the gap and that is greatly
frustrating but I wanted to point out
one other thing about this chart if you
notice obviously they move in tandem so
when unemployment rise for whites it
also rises for blacks when it dips for
whites it also dips or blacks I point
that out because the right wing will say
that things like unemployment
a matter of moral character and they
will imply that that the culture of
african-americans is what creates
unemployment which of course is first of
all factually and morally preposterous
but but as you look at this chart it
becomes exceedingly clear no it's
clearly the economic patterns that are
that are affecting the country so the
unemployment for whites and blacks move
at the same exact time it's not like
when black unemployment spikes all of a
sudden they lost their moral character
and what a coincidence
sorted white people at the same time so
oh the white people were dragged down
obviously yeah that's a great point
yeah and at the same time the fact that
we have not been able to close the gap
and there have been many many studies
about if you take away all the other
factors including socio-economic
position and communities that you live
in
etc etc you still have a gap and that is
attributed to unfortunately bias because
there are no other factors left yeah so
for example and you might have heard
this one before this is fairly famous
although a lot of people haven't heard
it so if you take a stereotypical white
name and a stereotypical black name and
you put it on resumes the
stereotypically white name gets called
in for an interview 50 percent more just
on name alone is the resume is identical
otherwise study after study has shown
that and unfortunately since dr. King
has passed away it has not gotten better
yeah yeah and I mean we don't have a ton
of time but to some extent the average
income almost hides how bad it is
because when you look at overall wealth
sort of not your year by your income but
what you've accumulated it's far worse
far worse over the past several decades
it's gone up slightly for black and
Hispanic households but it has gone up
fairly well for white households and a
lot of that has less to do with the
economy day by day or year by year now
but it's it's the accrued gains of
having houses growing up and houses
being able to pass that on using it to
produce the money necessary for your
kids to go to college it's the wealth of
fast generations helps to produce
well for future generations and if you
held back the past generations
you are thereby holding back future ones
as well there's things like the the
persistence of school segregation which
has not improved that much over the past
30 or 40 years in some areas has
actually gotten worse the gap in college
completion records between the races is
still significant you have the the rise
of mass incarceration which is in some
ways worse than it was back during that
time and a number of other metrics like
this things that we obviously should
have done much better on and you can
look at the charts and we're not showing
you anything that wasn't freely
available on income or wealth or any of
that you can look at that and you can
see under what periods things have
gotten better and and where they've
gotten worse and you can draw some
lessons from there but overall the
lesson is that even when things are
getting better they're not getting
better fast enough and we haven't
reached where we need to be so the last
two things on that well and one is the
good news which is a high school
completion rates for african-americans
and whites have caught up and so they're
nearly the same now hey look so so some
improvement in some areas but also goes
to show you if you try it turns out you
can have success we actually did try to
increase the graduation rates in in high
schools for african-americans and we did
it as a as a country as a society in a
lot of other areas we never bothered to
try remember when African Americans were
freed after the Civil War they all
started not all but most overwhelming
majority started with zero
they started with zero so it you have to
make an effort because history has
cascading consequences so which leads to
prisons why has it in a lot of these
categories gotten worse not better since
Martin Luther King passed away the
prison industrial complex and so the war
on drugs has imprisoned about one and a
half million african-american men and so
that is a stunningly high number and as
some scholars have pointed out there now
more African American men in prison of
course the population has gone up
everybody understands that but still it
is a stunning fact more african-american
males in prison now
there were slaves at the end of the
Civil War so male slaves so we made
those decisions we decided to do the war
on drugs and made marijuana illegal when
we didn't need to and in fact Richard
Nixon his aide admitted it later in the
1990s said yeah we did the war on drugs
partly to imprison our political
opponents the liberal hippies and the
blacks they targeted blacks on purpose
these are not accidents they made active
decisions we need to reverse those
decisions so we can at least get on the
path to justice the moral arc of the
universe might bend towards justice but
we got to help it Bend that's our job so
let's work together to make that happen
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
