there was a shooting incident at the
YouTube campus in San Bruno California
this is the San Francisco area and
luckily as far as we know so far
there have been no fatalities other than
the individual who opened fire now this
case is a little different from the
shooting cases that we usually cover on
the show because the suspect is
identified as a female and it appears it
has not been 100% confirmed yet but it
appears that she has died from a
self-inflicted gunshot wound now there
have been some injuries some of those
injuries have been serious and here's
what we know so far
San Francisco General Hospital also
known as the Zuckerberg San Francisco
General Hospital is reporting that a 32
year old woman is in serious condition a
27 year-old woman is in fair condition
and unfortunately there is a 36 year old
man in critical condition however they
are expecting these individuals to
recover from their injuries we don't
know whether or not there are more
injuries there have been some reports
that others have been rushed to the
hospital but again that has not been
confirmed this shooting broke out around
noon
late noon actually this this afternoon
and obviously more details are trickling
in and we will update you on the story
as more information comes in but we
don't know what the motive is of this
woman we don't know much about her ABC
News 7 which is a local ABC affiliate in
the San Francisco area reported that the
woman was identified as someone wearing
a headscarf but again that is not
information that is being widely
reported the only thing that we know for
sure is that she was a woman okay and
we've got video of the San Bruno police
chief yes he is going to explain what
the police experienced and what they saw
as they report it to the scene this is
San Bruno chief Edie Barberini take a
look upon arrival officers encountered
numerous employees flees from the
building
it was very chaotic as you can imagine
we did encounter one victim with
apparent gunshot wound towards the front
of the business as we arrived several
minutes later while conducting a search
of the premises officers located a
second individual with a gunshot wound
that appears to may have been
self-inflicted we're still working on
confirming that two additional victims
were located several minutes later at an
adjacent business all right so I talked
about on the show all the time that
these shootings happen everywhere
they're gonna happen everywhere and you
shouldn't be surprised and nonetheless
most of the time when a shooting happens
near where ever you are people look oh
my god I can't believe it happened here
why wouldn't you believe it there's a
mass shooting on average about once a
day in America and so I've been in that
building I've been in that building many
times and they you know some of the
initial reports again we're in the first
24 hours here a lot of the initial
reports wind up being not exactly
accurate but some of the initial reports
were that the shooting happened in the
cafeteria area I've had lunch there many
times so if it just happened that I was
there that day I could have been one of
the victims well we had a shooting near
my house what was it about a year ago or
so and people were worried that it was a
mass shooting on a college campus and on
and on it goes and so it'll be in your
neck of the woods soon if it isn't
already and so in this case I know a lot
of people in that building and I was of
course very very worried about that we
reached out to them most of the folks we
know are okay but if we don't do
something about guns they're just gonna
keep on shooting us I thought what was
interesting was the line of questioning
from the reporters now I don't begrudge
them for asking the questions that
they're asking obviously they want to
get a handle on the story figure out
what's going on see if there were
potentially some flaws in security that
could have allowed a shooter to enter
YouTube but what I know from personal
experience is that
security is is rather strict and so
there were questions about whether or
not YouTube utilizes metal detectors I
have an experience metal detectors there
but the reason why I bring this up is
because we shouldn't have to live in a
world in a society or go to a workplace
where we have to go through metal
detectors just to be able to do our job
so I thought that was a really
interesting question that was asked
during the press conference and we'll
see how the story develops moving
forward but YouTube has they take pretty
extreme security measures with the
exception of metal detectors so it's not
like anyone could easily just walk in
and do whatever they want to do but it
could you know again we don't know it
could have been an employee oftentimes
it's an employee or a student that went
to the school etcetera but what are we
gonna do we're all gonna live in prisons
right we're all gonna be treated like
prisoners everywhere is gonna be like an
airport whenever you want to a building
you're not to take off your shoes you're
gonna have to go through metal detectors
you're gonna have to do pat-downs or we
could do something about guns but no no
no no the gun manufacturers own our
government they just own it so even
though 93% of Americans want federal
background checks nope you're not
allowed to have it because the gun
manufacturers pay that NRA their NRA is
bought in our open auction system in our
private financing of Elections they
bought all the politicians so instead
we'll all be treated as prisoners and by
the way will that work no it won't work
we'll also get shot anyway and so
someone you know is likely to get shot
soon we never have a discussion and I'm
talking about as a country we never have
a discussion about certain freedoms that
we constantly sacrifice just to appease
gun manufacturers so you know the
students in parkland now have to show up
to school wearing transparent backpacks
clear backpacks they're not allowed to
have normal backpacks because that is
the answer and you know I can't blame
the district the school district for
wanting to do that because what else can
they do they're not the ones who write
policy and pass legislation our
lawmakers are supposed to do that but I
mean who knows maybe Gucci and coach
need to work on creating clear
and bags for working professionals now
yeah these are not the answers we know
what the answers are
look we have over 30,000 deaths every
year from guns in America you know how
much Japan has 13
so we're three times the size of Japan
multiply it by 339 gun deaths you know
why they have very strict gun control
there's gun control work yes yes it
definitely works
they had a mass shooting in Australia
they did strict gun control you know
what happened there has been a single
mass shooting since in decades in
Australia here we average one mass
shooting every single day the OK Corral
was nothing compared to an average day
in America today
non-stop massacre after massacre after
massacre
we're talking about clearbags we're
talking about metal detectors at 8:00
off our shoes
it's the guns stupid because you are
stupid if you don't realize that the
rest of the countries in the world that
do gun control don't have anywhere near
the number of gun deaths that we do we
have preposterous record-breaking gun
deaths and we have no gun control almost
no none whatsoever gee I can't tell what
it is no let's have a BS debate about oh
well the NRA says this facts say the
other thing who cares about facts its
facts bribe your local senator no they
didn't did they
so the nra wins that I'll give you i'ma
give me example after example over
20,000 suicides by gun in America
so forget homicides forget the mass
shootings forget the accidents do you
know that 90% of suicide attempts that
are done without a gun fail they live
and you know what they don't try it
again an overwhelming majority of the
cases 90 percent of suicide attempts
dealt with a gun succeed they die right
away because they put a bullet in their
head so that's why we have over 20,000
people that die every year because of
successful suicide attempts because they
have a gun then there's over 10,000 who
die by a homicide by a gun then there's
over 500 every year that die by accident
over got a little older thousands who
get shot by accident Japan has 13 13
deaths why gun control and it's not just
Japan go to Britain
to Norway Finland find any example you
like we've shown it to you in a million
cases but you don't want to listen
because hey I got a hobby and I know if
the government comes for me I'm gonna
hide in the woods and murder police but
blue lives matter I'm gonna murder
government officials of my god but and I
hate the FBI because they're coming
after Trump but a blue lives matter okay
and by the way in case you can't read
because apparently a lot of the
right-wing cannot read let me read the
Second Amendment to you it says a
well-regulated militia being necessary
to the security of a free State the
right of the people to keep and bear
Arms shall not be infringed it is a
qualifier and well-regulated militia
being necessary it doesn't just say you
could have unlimited guns are you part
of a well-regulated militia one you're
not part of a militia none of these
people are ok number two you're
certainly not well-regulated it says in
the Second Amendment that it should be
well-regulated that phrase is literally
in the amendment I can't read I don't
care I got a hoppy
I got a hobbies fantasy football it
doesn't kill anyone your your hobby
costless over 30,000 lives every single
year and it isn't about your hobby most
gun owners agree overwhelming majority
of gun owners agree we should do federal
background checks and reasonable gun
control but nope the gun manufacturers
they like to sell guns one last thing
you know the saying that our a came up
with takes a good guy with a gun to stop
a bad guy with a gun you know what that
means hey I just sold two guns if you
liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
