so when we had the shooting in parkland
and all those high school kids got shot
a lot of the right-wing made the
preposterous argument that oh my god the
law enforcement doing there didn't do
their job because they now love to
attack law enforcement they attack the
FBI they said oh they got warnings about
the shooter he had said things online
and they didn't follow up properly and
then when the local sheriffs down there
disputed of the NRA on gun control then
they went after them and they said oh
they were terrible Natan do their job
all these warnings the guy wrote bad
things on the internet why didn't they
go grab his guns ridiculous I told you
at the time that the right-wing would
never allow it if it was ahead of time
if they would have been his biggest
defenders they would say under no
circumstance he's got second Amendment
rights etc well now we don't have to
wonder about that anymore because we
have nearly identical case and it is
clear what is going to happen so
University of Central Florida police
officer Jeffrey Panter said that he
started investigating Christian Nicholas
Velasquez after getting reports from the
school community about a user on the
online social media platform reddit
called
the real UCF Kris who called parkland
shooter Nicholas Cruz in Las Vegas
shooter Steven paddock heroes so here's
a guy online just like Cruz it earlier
bragging about how much he likes the
mass shooters and saying all sorts of
other outrageous things about shootings
okay so they went and talked to him and
so this police officer Jeffrey Panter
interviewed Velazquez as Orlando Santa
Maya explains who answered a series of
hypothetical questions about committing
a mass shooting painter asked if his
target would be UCF malesko has answered
he would probably do it at the middle or
high school where he was bullied well
that seems abundantly clear and that
fits a pattern unfortunately some of
these shooters have been bullied in the
past and or at least in their mind they
were the victims and and then they go
and strike out and then and kill all
sorts of people and he fits right into
that pattern he also said it would take
a tragic life event such as a breakup or
firing from a good job to provoke Wow
so of course his dad and his lawyer are
defending him to the health and I
understand that and they say no but he
also said in parts of the interview they
would take something extreme
first of all it shouldn't take anything
to do a mass shooting I don't care what
extreme event happened in your life I
don't care if you sprained your ankle or
you broke your ankle it doesn't allow
you to do a mass shooting second of all
when given an opportunity he told the
cops it would take something at his
quote unquote extreme as losing his job
that's not extreme that happens to
people all the time so an argument could
be made that he's a ticking time bomb
bomb well he explained it by saying he
wanted to look like a badass on reddit
okay that's according to his lawyer okay
but that's exactly what the partner
shooter would have said if cops had come
up to him and in fact they had any of
you to man he said I was just me but
venting online I was saying those things
online but I'm not really gonna do it
but he did so luckily in Florida they
just passed the law that says for these
folks you can actually do something
about it for a couple of weeks Wow so
they did and by the way law enforcement
doing a good job you're following up
making sure nothing goes wrong but then
we got a circuit judge Bob LeBlanc who's
got a rule on this and he says I don't
disagree with the issue of the initial
temporary injunction I think that's
exactly what the statute provides for so
then they pass the statute they got the
injunction great it's working like we
want the problem is it's enormously
temporary it lasts an incredibly short
period of time so now when prosecutors
ask the extended for a year the judge
declined to extend the ban so now he's
out there and he can do anything he
likes I hope that he was actually
venting I hope he doesn't do anything
wrong but I told you they're not gonna
take away their guns no matter what they
say online no matter how specific the
threats are they're not gonna do it so
not only that on top of that the family
according to the Sentinel will pursue
civil action against Orlando Police
Harris that's his lawyer told Orlando
Sentinel so just as I told you when
you've got a person that is very similar
initially to Cruz this guy didn't do any
mass shootings I want to be clear about
that
but said that he idolizes these mass
shooters and would like to do similar
things and told that to the cops they
said there's nothing you can do there's
nothing you do
stuck in the villain sucka remember
there's something you could do I told
you that they would say there's nothing
you could do and if he does do a
shooting they'll say oh it wasn't the
guns it wasn't the Second Amendment it
was just it was Oh should have done
something they did do something but
you've handcuffed the cops in this case
and in the partners shooting case even
more so by the way read the Second
Amendment it says a well-regulated
militia being necessary I know the
Conservatives are not that bright but do
you know the English language which part
of a well-regulated militia was the
parkland shooter was the vaguest shooter
the Texas church shooter this guy
they're not in a well-regulated militia
they don't have the unlimited gun rights
that the right-wing fanatics think that
they have read the Second Amendment it
says you need to be in a well-regulated
militia and none of them are but the
conservative justices go oh I claim to
be in favor of strict construction I was
just kidding I can't read either I'm
just gonna let everybody have weapons
and today another shooting this time at
YouTube headquarters now I've been in
that building many times and soon
what some of you have already said it
and some of you will soon be saying it
oh I was just there and oh my god all
those people died or one day one of your
loved ones is gonna be there or you're
gonna be there because the mass
shootings are endless and because of the
insanity of the right wing in this
country who can't read English who we
are led to believe that they have
unlimited rights to heavy weaponry it's
preposterous it's not true and here you
have another example ahead of time where
because of that interpretation they say
there's nothing we can do if he does
actually one day go and shoot up his
middle school because he felt aggrieved
and he felt that those other shooters
were heroes they'll say there is nothing
we can do our government will not
protect us it's run amuck gun man if
has run this country it's sick if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks o every day
