ok Sinclair broadcasting has been in the
news because they had all their anchors
read this preposterous script about what
they called fake stories it was their
way of supporting Donald Trump and his
charges of fake news against the rest of
the media it looked like hostage videos
we showed it to you yesterday local news
anchors all over the country reading the
same script that was right we're leaning
pro Trump and and to give you a sense of
the scale of Sinclair I told you
yesterday they are the largest
television network in the country for
local stations and if you don't know how
those local stations work I don't blame
you it's a little bit complicated one
station one group will own the stations
and then they will make a deal with
affiliates like NBC and Fox in different
markets so Sinclair could own hundreds
of stations and some of them are CBS ABC
NBC Fox etc but more on the scale the
company owns or operates 193 TV stations
and more than 80 markets across the
country and reaches an estimated 38
percent of households the Trump team
talked about how they made a deal with
Sinclair during the campaign they
bragged about it and they talked about
how in really important swing states
like Ohio Sinclair through their local
stations reaches a lot more people than
CNN or any of the other cable news
outlets do and they're huge in the south
and the Midwest and obviously that made
a big difference in this election so now
here's part of the script that they had
folks read on the air the script read
unfortunately some members of the media
use their platforms to push their own
personal bias and agenda to control
exactly what people think this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
well that is super ironic because of
course that is exactly what they were
doing they were telling their local news
anchors don't do the local news in this
case you're gonna read from a script and
we're gonna tell you exactly what to
think and indeed it is quite a danger
democracy so now we have memos today
from Portland where
local executive there a general manager
Robert Truman the station KATU made the
situation very clear you are not the
cross and Claire management there will
be significant consequences so let me
read from the memo to you guys this is
address of their staff including their
reporters please do not and it is
capitalized and trumpian fashion do not
answer any questions or get into any
discussions with callers as they try to
navigate to someone internally most
certainly don't talk to the press about
the issue direct them to the website and
press enquiries to me
now look part of that is understandable
you don't want every person at the
station going and speaking for the
station because they might not know all
the facts and and you got to let PR do
their job and the general manager do his
job so I'm actually being more
understanding than almost anyone else
out there on this issue on the other
hand when you do a hard ban on speaking
to the press when you are part of the
press let's note a little bit of irony
there and and I've been on all sides of
this and I remember down in Florida when
I worked in local news I had a general
manager tell me that I had a hard ban
and I was not allowed to talk to the
press so in some instances that makes
sense in some instances like this
there's an obvious reason why they're
doing it and because there's a lot of
people leaking right now going we ate
this well I'll get to that in a second
but he wanted to be extra clear so
Truman wrote I will also remind you that
giving statements to the media or
sharing negative information about the
company can have huge implications gee I
wonder what he's referring to it can't
quite tell that's an obvious threat to
fire folks now there is one brave
station and it is funny enough of Fox
station it's a local Fox not Fox News
it's in Madison Wisconsin and they put
out this tweet saying that they are not
going to participate in response to the
Sinclair message aired MSN Fox 47
Madison did not air the sinclair
promotional announcement during our 9:00
p.m. news this weekend rather we stay
true to our commitment to provide our
Madison area viewers local news weather
sports of interest to them and they
clarified later that they
not only did not run it at that time but
they never ran it so we will track that
station to see if there are quote huge
implications for them I fear that they
there eventually will be likely when the
press tension dies down a little bit but
Sinclair management's gonna want to send
a message to not cross them and when
they say something is must run they they
probably meet in given they've been
doing this for decades they they're the
guys who aired the Swift Boat Veterans
attack ads against John Kerry the
preposterous ads questioning John
Kerry's valor when he had several medals
from Vietnam and George Bush of course
famously ran from Vietnam
so did Donald Trump so to Dick Cheney so
did Tom DeLay so did Newt Gingrich so
there's all those chickenhawks in the
Republican Party but in an effort to
bring you the truth
st. Claire viciously attacked John Kerry
the actual Vietnam war hero so they've
been doing this for a long time and
they've been firing people for a long
time if they don't go along
in fact I'll get to that at the end that
is very interesting first I'm gonna go
to Fletcher Fisher he's actually not
representing people on that are on there
but other people that work at st. Claire
they also had to sign these onerous
contracts and they also are forced not
to talk about this issue whether they're
doing lighting camera work engineering
etc and Fletcher says they're in the
same boat that every anchor is was
Sinclair if they complain about
something they are gone so that's a
business manager at a local union
explaining that and his interactions
with them here's an anonymous Sinclair
employee saying they're certainly not
happy about it about the situation the
anchors aren't it's certainly a forced
thing so no question that it is being
forced upon them now Bloomberg has got
their hands on a copy of a contract that
a lot of these workers have to sign
including the non-air people so if
they're not on air I don't know why in
the world they'd ever sign this even for
the on-air people it is preposterous but
this is the threat that they hold over
their head to make sure that they are
not allowed to speak according to copies
of to employment contracts reviewed by
Bloomberg some Sinclair employees are
subject to a liquidated damages clause
for leaving
the term of their agreement was one that
requires they pay as much as 40 percent
of their annual compensation to the
company now that is whether they choose
to leave or they are fired so if they
don't read the script exactly as is
ordered by management in a pro-trump and
pro-republican way they will be fired if
they do read it they've completely
violated any kind of journalistic ethics
they had if but if they're fired they
have to pay up to as much as 40 percent
of their salary back to their employer
well who's got that kind of money kind
of money lying around certainly not a
lot of the news anchors I don't know
anybody who does let alone the people do
it or not on there I mean because part
of the BS excuse here is well you want a
non-compete and you don't and so you
don't want people running to the your
competitor that's across the street and
going on air with them and they take
your best anchors after you invest in
them I understand that concept but to
say that you then owe money back to them
40% of your salary up to and including
paying back some bonuses and then
there's more they're also subject to a
six-month non-compete clause and forced
arbitration and the threat of those
lawsuits even if these contracts are not
valid and they are really onerous well
again which lighting guy or even a local
reporter in Madison Wisconsin for
example has enough money to hire a
lawyer and then if they lose pay all
that money on top that's how they
threaten them not only with their job
but with all the money that they have
and and potentially to wipe them out
economically by the way it is not
standard for example no one here at the
Young Turks that's on air has to pay
back 40% of their salary if they leave
that's preposterous okay so it's done by
people who want to enforce their
ideology and call it journalism so now
give you an example what happens if you
violate this well we go to James Beaton
he was an reporter for them in West Palm
Beach and Bloomberg explains beaten who
worked as a reporter with a CBS
affiliate affiliate said that while he
was at the station he was ordered to do
man on the
Street interviews that he felt were
politically biased now quoting Beaton
I'd asked loaded questions like how much
do you disagree with Obama this year it
was disguised as real journalism but I'm
a Republican and I was still pissed by
it now that's a real journalist now by
the way they drove him out of journalism
because they did the non-compete on him
so he couldn't work in another station
he was so disgusted by this whole thing
and then they sued him for his salary
that he just left journalism all
together now this consulting so one more
quote from James Beaton that I think is
incredibly illustrative here he explains
what we saw over the weekend is classic
Sinclair those reporters and anchors are
waking up and they're humiliated and
feeling depressed they don't want to
face the lawsuit that I'm facing see
Sinclair wanted to send a message that's
why they sued a guy like James Beaton do
you think they need the tiny amount of
money tiny to them because the billions
of dollars a giant amount of money to
beaten that's why he's fighting it all
the way but do you think they need that
money no that is to threaten and
intimidate every person that works at
Sinclair you will not do journalism you
will do exactly as you're told so look
up in your area what's a Sinclair
station and buyer beware what they're
giving you is not news it is generally
propaganda you just watch the video by
the young turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that get the full show by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
