now Donald Trump was celebrating Easter
at the White House or whatever this
building is is you're about to find out
and as usual the Easter Bunny's next to
them
that's never not funny let's show
picture this is all my always my
favorite site and the Easter Bunny looks
funny as always creepy as always may oh
it always makes the president look
ridiculous to stand next to Easter Bunny
it is not one of my favorite traditions
at the White House if I was a president
which is unlikely to happen so you're
gonna be ok sore bunny
I would ban that tradition they say it
would you like to stand next to the
Easter Bunny the answer is a resounding
no by the way earlier in his career the
former White House press secretary Sean
Spicer played in Easter Bunny in one of
those ceremonies that's only the most
embarrassing thing I've ever heard okay
never played Easter Bunny unless you're
a furry so now how does that'll Trump
going to match all the other presidents
and top them because all the presidents
have to stand next to this ridiculous
Easter Bunny Donald Trump says you will
not out ridiculous me I am going to go
further here and do better than you so
now understand that on the lawn our
children they're about to do the Easter
Egg Roll and the hunt and all that fun
stuff he's talking to a bunch of kids
and then he starts talking about the
military
what no different venue here for venue
not this venue and it appears even the
Easter Bunny is a little surprised let's
watch
we have never had we have right now I'm
going to make it bigger and better and
stronger our military is now at a level
will soon be at a level that it's never
been before it's you see what's happened
you see what's happening with the
funding of the funding with us today so
all right we might have added the zoom
in to the Easter Bunny but I think it
was well merited he always does have a
surprised look on his face but we were
all surprised when Donald Trump started
going into this weird political speech
but it only gets worse
that was weird in terms of policy in the
wrong venue to bring that topic up but
then he says this it's called the White
House it definitely has a name a fairly
well-known name you live inside it this
building whatever it's called that's
unbelievable
no I think ice lost his mind we're all
pretending that everything's fine
this thing whatever you call it it looks
white looks to be some sort of a house I
don't know I watch Fox inside in there I
but I have God knows what it is he's not
done one more and we keep it in tip-top
shape we call the sometimes hippie top
shape
great great less we sometimes call it a
tippy top shape is that what we call it
at the adult White House he then added I
said tip-top tippy-top II the tip tip a
top and you don't stop a rock it out
bubble to the bang bang boogie booby to
the boogie to the rhythm of the boogie
to the beat he said it I don't know
well the guy's an absolute disaster but
at least he made he Sorrell slightly
more fun what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you get a completely ad free if you
could become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
