at least nine advertisers have pulled
their ads from Laura Ingram's Fox News
show and that of course is following her
tweet mocking David Hogg for not getting
into universities that he applied to
even though he had a 4.2 GPA
this was the tweet in question David
Hogg rejected by four colleges to which
he applied and whines about it
ding by UCLA with a 4.1 GPA it's
actually 4.2 totally predictable given
acceptance rates okay and then she
linked to a daily wire article that
again just completely made things up
David Hogg never complained or whined
about not getting into these colleges
during a TMZ interview he just said it's
highly competitive and then he also
brought up an important issue the issue
of student loan debt but there was no
whining in that interview whatsoever he
worried about getting shot at yeah let's
keep it real that's really what Laura
Ingraham doesn't like hearing about okay
the right absolutely hates the fact that
David hog Emma Gonzalez and other
students from parkland Florida are
pushing for change and succeeding and
change when it comes to the issue of gun
control now these advertisers pull out
including nutrish dog food brand
TripAdvisor Nestle Hulu Joseph a bank
Nestle Expedia Wayfarer all these
advertisers are pulling out and in the
middle of all of that Laura Ingraham
realizes I need to apologize because
this is gonna hurt my profits and we
can't have that
and so her apology goes as follows any
students should be proud of a 4.2 GPA
including David hog on reflection in the
spirit of Holy Week
I apologize for any upset or hurt my
tweet caused him or any of the brave
victims of parkland for the record I
believe my show was the first to feature
David okay whatever
so has David Hogg accepted her apology
well the first tweet that he put out in
response to all of this was my personal
favorite she is the hashtag shut up and
be objective and that was a reference to
Laura Ingram's shut up and dribble
comments when LeBron James when that
happened she didn't like the fact that
he was criticizing Trump and said shut
up and dribble you're just a basketball
player so I love the david hog responded
in this way and then he also said i 100%
agree an apology in an effort just to
save your advertisers is not enough i
will only accept your apology only if
you denounce the way your network has
treated my friends and i in this fight
it's time to love thy neighbor not
mudslinging at children and so he also
went on CNN and will go to those videos
in just a minute but i wanted to open up
to the panel and kind of get your
thoughts on all of this i'm so excited
about these kids i had a lot of i've
heard a lot of commentary and a lot of
people said say to me wow black kids are
getting shot in chicago every day but it
takes white kids to get shot for there
to be some change and i say let's use
our allies and as let these white kids
use their privilege to knock down doors
for those of us who are not heard or
seen and i am excited about the fact
that they are going in and when they had
that protest they did have a lot of
black activists there that were they're
bringing to the attention the
intersections and that need not to be
ignored so i'm like more power to them
keep knocking down those doors and being
allies to our causes because when she
said shut up and dribble to lebron no
avatar advertisers pulled out and there
wasn't the outrage that there is now so
if it took this young white boy to to be
this by laura ingram to shut her down
and shut her up then more power to them
yeah but for me also let's have a moment
to have a reflection of why
happens right like she said so many
racist things out of the bed like you
know is is for like a portent racist
book and then and then Islamophobic
thing xenophobic things and so it takes
insulting a white child right to have
advertisers will also and I will give
him this he was ingenious about how he
did it he said who are your advertisers
these are the top 12 pick some retweeted
folks go after he did a call to action
and he was really organized about how he
was going to move around getting
advertisers to boycott her show right
and I think though for me yes like let's
let's get them off in any way we can but
let's also talk about why it takes that
certain subject to get folks off like we
were talking earlier Sam Harris was
finally sort of taken down and he's had
a history for some for having a racist
scientists come on and try to argue that
you know people are genetically
predisposed to being stupid based on
their race and things like that but he
had a whole history of saying incredibly
Islamophobic things that people just
washed like washed under the rug I'm
sorry I don't know American Pro verbs
that well but what is it washed under
the bridge but so it I'm happy to see
these things happen but I also want us
to have conversations about why they
happen and why certain things are not
triggers for these moments yeah so I'm
gonna push back on something a little
bit because I think there is a
distinction so I think that most people
would still you guys are right there
there is certainly a race angle when it
comes to people like Laura Ingraham I
mean they have literally made a
profitable business off of spewing this
ideology regarding inferiority among
minorities right however with this I
think people finally had had enough when
it had to do with a victim who was a
minor I mean we're talking about a 17
year old who just went through something
so incredibly traumatic who just
experienced his friends his teachers get
gunned down right in front of him who
almost lost his own life because of this
mass shooter and is simply using the
platform that he has now to speak out
about something that he
experience and how he wants to reform
things so no one has to experience it
again and Laura Ingram's responds
because she's so in love with the NRA is
to mock him for having a 4.2 GPA I mean
let's see what your report cards look
like I mean it's just ridiculous like
attacking kids is bad enough
attacking kids that just went through
something traumatic like that
I think everyone by the way so their
credit even members of the right wing
thought okay this is maybe going too far
because he's making them question the
stuff they take for granted and the make
makes them question where they get their
theology or their ideology from he they
are making people step forward and say
like well you just do what the NRA says
maybe you should stop that that's super
annoying when someone steps up and is
like I just got shot at and it is
annoying because they had been able to
get away with after every single
shooting that line that you hear a
billion times
let's not politicize this right right
now let's just embed it they had been
able to say let's not politicize this
and now it's so annoying that the
victims it's very annoying well but but
those are the ones that are alive they
can criminalize all day every day
atrociously dead black teenagers right
like Trayvon Martin or Michael Brown and
they can't even they're not alive to
stand up for themselves so so I think
there is a new low for a certain type of
archetype for folks and I agree it is
it's a atrocious and it's important and
people should band together and react to
it and say you know what this is enough
but when do we say this is enough yeah
I'm 100% behind the lake it's a Passover
and when you see like you know
advertisers jump ship because something
terrible said on Fox News there's a
question that you asked which is how is
this night different from all others
that's right I know and I'm just happy
that there has been a reaction finally
to the content that is a regular it's a
staple of Fox News you know so I like
that there's finally some pushback now
David hog also talked about this whole
incident on Sea
and he is he is a strong he's a tough
cookie let's take a look at the first
video do you accept her apology no she's
only apologizing after a third of her
advertisers pulled out and I think it's
really disgusting the fact that she
basically tried promoting her show after
apologize or apologizing to me and so
what does he specifically want to
address when it comes to Laura Ingraham
he explains it in the next video would
you consider sitting down with someone
like Laura Ingraham and reaching across
the aisle just for the sake of common
ground and trying to find the solutions
that you're talking about see I would
like to do that but first I would need
her to be more objective in the way that
she talks about us because if you look
at any time that she talks about us on
her talk show she speaks only to her
audience which is kind of what a
talk-show host does but what she does
most the time is she's like oh these
left is this leftist group is trying to
take all you she gets this really
threatening tone about us that we don't
have we love like we're people that just
want to come want everybody to come
together as Americans and help us solve
this issue
because we do have to reach across the
aisle to solve this this is not a
democrat or republican issue this is an
American issue now as such we have to
work together so I think that he touched
on something so important there because
their message gets hijacked and twisted
by people on the right or specifically
you know the gun manufacturers the gun
lobby that want to sell more guns so
they paint this picture of these
activists that just flat-out false and
untrue they're gonna they're just out to
take your guns they're gonna take all of
your guns away all these law-abiding
citizens are gonna get their guns taken
away I mean I've seen all sorts of crazy
conspiracy theories and all sorts of
paranoia on social media from this is
what they did in Cuba and we're gonna
become this communist regime too you
know they're gonna take away your guns
and then murder you with those guns I
mean just craziness and I like that he
touched on you know how their message is
getting twisted to something that it's
really not they call them Hitler yeah
what's the name of that lady who called
but you know what I like I like we said
I'll take it the way that I can get it
and I believe that those kids because
because the young
kids are not for the most part
segregated like that when you watch
those kids and you saw that much
everybody was there and they have
mentioned kids in the LGBTQIA community
they are talking about black kids they
were like we are not having this anymore
this is enough so my hope is that this
trickles down Quinn goes everywhere
including Chicago and Baltimore in Miami
and that these reforms are also for the
benefit of the inner-city because I
think that those children matter too and
remember there are now numerous states
that have passed gun control legislation
including
Vermont which I don't believe the
governor has signed into law yet but
Vermont is a very gun friendly state and
now all of a sudden their governor who
campaigned in 2016 with a platform of
I'm never gonna pass gun legislation or
sign gun legislation is saying yeah we
need gun legislation so it's they're
successful and it kind of reminds me of
you know the argument that's made when
it comes to cartels when they're losing
right when when there's a flare-up and
violence it's because they're losing
ground and with people like Laura
Ingraham they see that they're losing
this argument and they lash out by
attacking the victims who are calling
for change you just watch the video by
the young turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that get the full show by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
