Jim Carrey has been sharing his art with
us recently and he actually submitted a
portrait of Donald Trump to the
Smithsonian usually presidents have
their portrait hung in the Smithsonian
it's a little early for Trump and Jim
Carrey knows that but he wanted to make
that early submission so let's take a
quick look at his latest I can't look at
it I'm glad I ate beforehand oh my god
there's so many nipple like things and
actual nipples
yeah there's yes it's pretty accurate I
mean no I was I was gonna say I love Jim
Carrey but it's not actually accurate
because there needs to be like five more
scoops of ice cream or and some fried
food of some sort so is he gonna eat the
ice cream with the scoop or two eyes
what's weird I I don't know it feels
like he's really enjoying the the feel
of his neck I think that's the source of
where his I had to cross it off on my
paper though yeah like I had to it's too
much behind you bright it's bright times
in the dead of night the hair too big
the hands are too big to be Donald Trump
but hands look at the hands they're not
they're supposed to be like little like
little you see they're too big that's -
that's a regular-sized hand
yeah these are still dainty you know
they're like long slender girls those
are milania's hands no she would she has
it in her contract she doesn't have to
do that Huckabee picture is the fine yes
we were gonna get to the Sarah Huckabee
picture in just a second but before we
do so I really did enjoy the way that he
titled this piece of art now he shared
all of this through Twitter he said dear
Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery I
know it's early but I'd like to submit
this as the official portrait of our
45th President Donald J Trump it's
called you scream I scream
will we ever stop screaming and I I
couldn't have put it better myself
it it's everyday I'm so tired of being
in this like constant state of despair
it he is narrating like a Dali dystopia
and just having to look at Trump he's so
good at drawing things it's like markers
like I've never seen like it just mark
it it looks like markers I mean maybe it
does painting no it's definitely not I
don't know maybe I whatever it is looks
like it's so it's so good and so he's
soo nuanced but still broad at the same
time he's a genius
he's good let's let's take a look at
some more and we will get to the Sarah
Huckabee Sanders so there's the Putin I
think this is a Putin troll looks like
no yeah it's a month it's a manga so
this is Trump driving away cuz he's got
the hair in the Hat I think this is part
of the collection is that what's
happening
yeah this is Jim Carrey has done so many
marker I do see it okay and so he's
driving away he's got the troll for
troll the imagery of trolls and in his
rear view mirror he can't shake what is
that is that the Kremlin or is that the
yeah yeah that's my art is that
computers I don't know I have one time
set no it's not it's not the crime I
don't know it's st. Peter's Cathedral
it's our stock photo form exper Russia
in the u.s. that's basically what st.
Basil's so they're bucha no Basil's okay
I'm gonna look it up sorry yeah look it
up while we take a look at another photo
or a portrait of Trump that Carey had
shared earlier oh my god who are those
people in the back his lawyers that oh
and then the Wicked Witch of the West I
get it yeah oh my god so great I wish we
had a solution like throwing water on
him and it would be all over those are
don't only be that easy
yeah what is the caption for that um I
don't have a caption for that one
fortunately let me see let me see if I
could find it um for the Putin one okay
here we go lawyer and lucky charm Joe
dead Genovia did Genovia did you know
yeah yeah okay uh hopes to put dirty
Donald's troubles in the rearview mirror
but the objects in the mirror are closer
than they appear
ah-ha he's so poetic
and then
one for the two which imagery if you
like my last cartoon you might also
enjoy the seraphic the Wicked Witch of
the West Wing and pundants flying
monkeys of Putin's flying monkeys and
then finally the Sarah Huckabee Sanders
photo this is a portrait of so called
crew of a so-called Christian whose only
purpose in life is to lie for the wicked
monstrous he got in trouble for this
well he didn't get in trouble the
headline would read you Jim Carrey in
trouble for drawing sexist body shaming
photos picture of Sarah Huckabee Sanders
basically saying that the idea that he
made her ugly was was not okay because
she's a woman I think she makes everyone
look terrible or in their their natural
state I mean I don't know the right-wing
doesn't like it when Muslims get upset
at depictions of Allah or Muhammad right
so what are you gonna do are you gonna
censor art well I think the the thing
for them is that they'd love cherishing
women who are either just beautiful and
don't have much to say as we've talked
about Tommy Lauren all the time so she
has a lot to say it's just nothing's
perfect right exactly so to pervert a
cherished value of theirs just it feels
like a stink yeah yeah but it's it's
interesting because if I could recall
some people pretty close to Trump had
said some pretty nasty things about
Sarah Huckabee Sanders appearance I
didn't see the right wing up in arms
about that I forget who it was it was
someone who was it I believe advising
Trump for some time and how many times
did they call Hillary ugly it was the
guy right it was the guy you know he
went on this media blitz and he's like
oh if they subpoena me I'm not gonna
talk to anybody you know it's not Roger
stone the other god
it just happened I'm on my a-game today
names like crazy today but anyway uh
whoever is criticizing this it comes
from a disingenuous place yeah of course
the same type of people that would say
horrendous things I mean probably the
same kind of people who have gone after
Emma Gonzalez and call you things like
bald lesbian and you know other smears
that we've seen from the right so I'm
not buying any of that you know fake
outrage but yeah Jim Carrey
doing such a service for us making us
laugh but please don't let me look at
this picture again and he was a name is
very active in the unsung Succi thing
like ten years ago
that's what he said he's been active in
political messaging and this is just the
latest installment all right keep him
coming if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying you don't
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me DUI tea
network.com slash joy
