if you a administrator scott pruett is
Lately he's just been bouncing from
scandal to scandal and today we're going
to cover yet another perhaps not the
worst but it does tie him in with an
industry that he is supposed to be in
the business of regulating and instead
he seems to be personally profiting from
them so it has to do with his housing
arrangement in GC he's got a nice little
deal going on and he's getting it from
the wife of a prominent lobbyist in all
this room that he has been oddly leasing
on a daily basis he paid sixty one
hundred dollars for about six months of
use which I I assume I haven't lived in
DC I guess DC rent is just really low
charge $50 a night so fifteen hundred a
month it would work out too and
apparently it was very close to the
capital and as a person who lives in LA
I just I wish I could live in a place
with low rent like DC but I can't now
the owner of that particular unit is
healthcare lobbyists Vicki Hart her
husband is Jay Steven Hart who is also a
lobbyist and his firm represents clients
and industries regulated by the APA or I
should say historically regulated by the
EPA perhaps not the APA of the last
fourteen or fifteen months one of those
clients Cheniere Energy Inc was on the
agenda for Scott fruits December trip to
Morocco while in the country Pruett
advocated for the benefits of exported
liquefied natural gas the company's
unique speciality yeah so now he's
getting a nice little deal on some real
estate there from a guy who represents
that company but he probably doesn't
know that like I can't even share the
common areas he only has to get into the
actual deals of details of it but he has
the room and it's cheap which is nice
but as you said he can't use the common
areas and in his lease he's not allowed
to lock his door what is that about but
then we find out and it's I apologize
it's not in the the materials that I
provided for you at some point last year
his security detail had to break down
his door because they thought he was
having some sort of medical emergency
he was just napping but for some reason
they were so worried that they literally
broke his door off the hinges to get to
him they unlocked
the whole unit I'm not sure but some
door was broken down maybe he was
breaking his lease by locking it exactly
exactly
my favorite part is actually the last
part you mentioned you know in in the
story which is that like he's going to
Morocco and promoting natural gas as the
head of the EPA right the EPA is not
like in charge of promoting like fossil
fuel products throughout the world yeah
that would be yeah yeah exactly so it's
like crazy that the guy that's in charge
of environmental protection is actually
going around the world and being like
hey do you want more of our like fossil
fuel products yeah you know it's like
it's totally backwards you know as with
everything with the Trump administration
they put somebody in that's literally
destructive to the purpose of that
agency here we are facing cataclysmic
climate change at the point of such
disaster that we don't even know if it's
possible to reverse at this point and
here we are in our government that is
just sitting BFF with actual lobbyists
renting their homes I mean it's just
outrageous we're talking about a guy
that's sued the EPA over 12 times just
in one state and but you know they they
say that there's no gift involved right
they're like oh no it's no big deal
there's no gift here's the thing
lobbying doesn't work like that anymore
where you just bribe someone and they do
a favor for you it's intimidation
it's the threats it's it's maybe a
friend of his will put bad advertising
out - against the policies that he may
vote again so it's not just cut and dry
like that anymore
yeah and even to the extent that it
could be gifts it doesn't have to be
gifts right now he is a guy who has
worked for those industries before yes
he's in government now but he's not just
gonna retire after he doesn't play golf
he's gonna go back to representing those
sorts of industries and so he can just
get a slightly better deal after doing
their bidding as head of the EPA and
think about like how close you have to
be to somebody to like stay in their
home you know what I mean like that's
the real crux of this because I know
that Richard probably gonna be like oh
it's not that big of a deal but like it
is that big of a deal that the head of
the EPA like his his good friend good
enough that he can stay in his home when
he comes to town is an industry lobbyist
promoting like the destruction of the
regulations he's in charge of carrying
out that's a huge problem like they're
not draining the swamp or if they are
draining a swamp they're draining it
like into the White House right and
that's what the heart of this issue is
the
that are in charge of regulating
industry our best friends with the
people in the industry and that's a big
problem my point was why are we not
talking about climate change and
renewable energy all of these horrible
things that he's doing with the EPA and
I have a deal for Scott Pruett and
perhaps we can put it out there I will
personally pay his $50 a night if he
would be willing to sit down with Bill
Nye the Science Guy Neil deGrasse Tyson
and Ryan and me and perhaps the two of
you and actually have a real
conversation about whether climate
change exists I do why would he drive
out him if $50 a guy will switch his
loyalties yes let's go for it yeah and
so you guys have brought up some great
points I mean one the idea that the head
of the EPA is going to help spread
natural gas seems crazy we already have
too many federal departments that are
trying to do that I mean we had Rex
Tillerson obviously you had some
interest in that area but even before
him a Hillary Clinton in that same role
was going abroad and she was talking up
fracking and things like that we have
obviously the the military is not it's
not like they are not concerned about
energy exploitation and things like that
and so there's a variety of different
areas that are already working for that
we don't need him but I'm glad Richard
that you brought up the the climate
change is one of the reasons I wanted to
talk about this this has been a
particularly egregious week for the EPA
that at the beginning of the week we
found out that the EPA was going to be
rolling back the higher fuel efficiency
standards for cards that were instituted
under brock obama and were made
permanent at the end of Obama's second
term so that's that's gonna be gone then
we found out that one of the chief
lobbyists for the one of the the
organizations that represents the auto
manufacturers submitted a report by a
longtime climate denier saying that we
you know carbon is great for the
environment it produces a few food for
plants and stuff like that the day after
that emails were leaked from the EPA
from an EPA official to EPA employees
advising them on talking points to deny
the consensus on in science of climate
change all of that is in one week and
then we find out about this it's like at
least Betsy DeVos lays low every
in a while but scott pruett is just
right out in front and the fans hears me
about him is I want him out because
there are a few people that I think are
less qualified or that I would trust
less to run the EPA but now there's talk
about the possibility of him being taken
out and put into the Attorney General's
position which is its own big mess it's
almost like you cannot win oh no
situation he's the most qualified he's
the most qualified to destroy the EPA
because again that's what Trump is doing
exactly what the heads of these agencies
that want to destroy what it is the
purpose of that agency is to come here
to accomplish and so you know Scott
Pruett is the perfect trumpian to be in
that position right it's not like he's
the least qualified he's the most
qualified from Trump's perspective and
rushes and as AG he could refuse to
prosecute any polluters which would have
such a cool place for him to be but I
want people to remember that on November
6 2018 and November 3 2020 we get a
chance to vote in members of the House
members of the Senate and then in 2020 a
president who will actually pass the
American Opportunity carbon fee Act by
my buddy senator Sheldon Whitehouse
which would put a price on carbon and
would put us on the path to being a
leader in the world in fighting climate
change we need to focus on specific
pieces of legislation rather than in my
opinion little little things that these
people do which is nothing compared to
what they're doing overall in terms of
policy right and push in renewable
energy considering that the Pentagon is
the largest polluter in the world yeah
and there's probably more exercise the
wars going on around the world so it
actually spans beyond just the Trump
administration but like you said I mean
this is a dystopian hellhole where we're
literally having legislators rule over
us for the opposite I mean to destroy
and dismantle the systems that they're
in charge of yeah it's quite astounding
and there's probably more jobs to be had
by expanding renewable energy resources
than anything else that's one of the
most frustrating things I mean come on
jobs actually yeah there was I don't
know if it's still around but there was
that the Apollo initiative they want to
do that massive investment all that and
instead what do they do they throw up
tariffs on solar cells and solar
you know equipment 30% tariffs that's
expected to kill more than 100
jobs over the next few years can I just
maddening can I just and miss Rex
Tillerson I don't that's a crazy thing
but you can't say it because he was at
least in it that's where we're at I mean
really the head of that time a that an
environmentalist misses him if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks Oh every day
