new reports indicate that Michigan
University paid a firm to dig up dirt on
some of the victims who had accused
Larry Nasser of sexual misconduct ah the
report indicates that public relations
firm Weber shanwick billed Michigan
State University for more than $500,000
for January as it tracked social media
activity surrounding the case of
convicted physician Larry Nasser that
often included the accounts of his
sexual assault victims and their
families now what this report also found
was in addition to tracking the social
media activity of Nasser's victims and
family the firm tracked those of
journalists celebrities and politicians
they had billed the university January
of this year for more than half a
million dollars previously you know the
university itself was doing their own
digging but as these investigations move
forward into MS use role in all of all
of this we're finding some pretty
devastating new information the former
dean of MSU was recently arrested a
story that we reported on last week and
the special prosecutor investigating
this case gave a press conference and
explained why take a look and the end
result of that is that we're here today
having charged former Dean strength or
former dean Williams trampled with a
number of charges before charges that I
would anticipate he's going to be
arraigned on this afternoon our count 1
misconduct in office which is a five
year felony the second count is criminal
sexual conduct in the fourth degree
which is a two year high misdemeanor and
two counts of willful neglect of duties
which are one year misdemeanors what I
want to highlight paragraphs 28 and 29
the probable cause affidavit
because I think they summarized the
basis of the misconduct charge against
former Dean straddle the paragraph 20
wait 28 is Dean of the College strap we
used his office to harass discriminate
demean sexually propositioned and
sexually assault female students in
violation of a statute story duty as a
public officer in paragraph 29 as dean
of the college strap will abuse the
authority of his public office to
threats of manipulation to solicit
receive possessed pornographic images of
women who appear to be MSU students in
violation of a statutory duty as a
public officer so we have the four
Burdine who was being investigated to
see whether or not he knew that Larry
Nasser was abusing these female athletes
arrested because that investigation
turned up evidence that he was possibly
guilty of sexual misconduct of his own
and then now we're finding through a
report that was done by USA Today that
the university itself had hired a firm
to essentially track the social media
activity of the victims and also the
journalists reporting on these stories
these big institutions like Michigan
State University like the Catholic
Church like Penn State during the Jerry
Sandusky situation they closed ranks to
protect the institution and you see that
here also you know in the cases that
I've mentioned where you look at Penn
State you look at the Catholic Church
they don't call the cops they view it as
an internal matter same thing was true
at Penn State they didn't alert anyone
to what was going on Sandusky Anders
they had they knew what was happening
there they tried to handle as an
internal matter and here too you see
Michigan State hiring these outside
firms to try to dig up and protect the
institution from frankly from falling
apart I mean you know you get to a point
where the reputation of the institution
is so muddied that nobody wants anything
to do with it and so there's so much of
that going on here it's heinous because
of what was happening there
but it's so typical of the institution
to close ranks to try to protect itself
it's so nauseating - it's just
absolutely disgusting and you do you do
see that you do see them closing ranks
and it just makes you think honestly
about their that the humanity there you
know who are you protecting I mean you
you look at some of the figures how much
they were paying out to this this PR for
was yeah it's a PR firm I mean that's
think about that think about what are
you pretty what are you protecting you
want a PR from the victims and their
families of a sexual predator I mean it
would be much better to come forward and
say as a university instead of trying to
cover things up and hide things from the
public which by the way all things dark
come to light yes it'd be way better to
come forward and say this was happening
we're taking action these people are
being outed reported to the authorities
you know we are gonna change X Y and C
in order to prevent this from happening
in the future
be proactive do what's necessary to
prevent it from happening in the future
instead of being so concerned about your
brand and your reputation your
reputation is destroyed and it was
further destroyed by the fact that
you're trying to cover things up by
hiring a PR firm to track these victims
online yeah not only were they not
proactive Anna they were reactive and
they were they went back into their
corners trying to protect you know you
have to ask yourself what did you really
think you were protecting here and you
just must have absolutely lost sight of
what is important I'm just very grateful
that everything in the darkness will
come to the light in there has been this
moment of reckoning because it's really
I'm sure you guys you know cover this
here just hearing the accounts of these
victims that came forward and were able
to speak out it's just it's really hard
not to swear right now right how do you
how do you listen to that testimony well
there were you know upward of 120 women
who came forward and testified during
Nasser's trial how do you listen to that
testimony and then decide oh the real
victims are you know could be us so
let's go ahead and cover up higher the
necessary people to protect our name I
mean and our reputation it's not gonna
work first of all and secondly you know
how
little bit of empathy for those victims
and take the appropriate measures to
prevent this from happening in the
future you just watch the video by the
young turks home of the revolution if
you'd like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
