Jeff Flake Susan Collins are voting in
support of Kavanagh Lisa Murkowski says
that she won't and she said that early
enough in the day that it provided I
guess some hope maybe that if others
pile on we can actually stop him and we
were talking about how late in the game
Susan Collins was with her speech when
she finally announced that she would in
fact support him there was one person
who came out afterward that was Joe
Manchin bold strong senator waiting
until he knows exactly where all the
other swing votes are going free comes
out and tweets I will vote to support
Supreme Court nominee judge Brett
Kavanaugh yeah yeah why he calls himself
a Democrat I've never I don't underst
there's a long it's a weird in West
Virginia like what there's a lot of
legacy Democrats opposing you know and
being the people that you voted for for
example like in the South specifically
like there was a long tail of the civil
war that resulted in Democrats in name
being voted for and like the Georgia had
a Democratic governor until whatever it
was 2004 and and the only reason that it
flipped finally the full realignment of
like the dying dog of the Old South
happened was because the sitting
governor didn't eliminate but reduce the
size of the Confederate flag on the
state flag I think there's a lot of
legacy stuff yeah I I think in the media
just in general he's kind of talked
about is this bipartisan politician in
this red area but I don't think history
has shown that it's like well I mean
when it comes down to like the health
care he's on her side okay you know and
he and he does it in a very joe manchin
way I mean he's it's tough to be Joe
Manchin I know that he gets a lot of
flack and and it is difficult to be a
Democrat in West Virginia it is I don't
think was that difficult so like the
whole time this has been talked about as
he is thinking about his political
future can he win in November
he is being challenged obviously there's
a Republican running against him it
ain't that close
it ain't that close that this is what he
needed to do and it's interesting to
consider what if Susan Collins had come
out and said that she was voting against
him would he have chosen to be
the deciding vote that puts Cavanaugh on
the Supreme Court over the opposition of
the two Republican female senators I
don't know but at the end of the day he
is voting to support even though he
really does not need to he's choosing to
he was sweating for sure he was sweating
all day assuming they didn't all get
together and plan this all together but
she was he did not want to be that
person who had to make the actual choice
when it came down to because he would
have been yeah it would have I don't
think he had to do anything I I don't
want to let him off the hook there that
this is some sort of pragmatic thing I
think he is choosing to put him on I
think that Joe Manchin could have gotten
away I said this off-camera to like he
could have gotten away in a very Joe
Manchin style was saying I just didn't
like the look of the guy I didn't like
to see him cry I didn't like to see him
go up and do all that stuff and they can
throw another one at me and I'll go at
that person the same way I go at every
decision I do right here yeah like
that's a that's how Joe Manchin is yeah
yeah and while he says that you everyone
can speculate like it's just looking out
for Joe Manchin to make sure he gets
reelected but that's his skill that's
where he's gotten and that's how he's
gotten yeah that bothers me that has
always bothered me kind of when it comes
to like these big decisions that
senators have to make when it comes up
to heading him to votes this idea that
they are undecided until the last minute
and that almost like we hope for that
and that makes it always makes me
uncomfortable this is far too big of a
decision for you to really actually be
flip-flopping on like it happen morning
as you're walking down the hall you're
telling reporters you know you have your
people sending out emails that morning
saying he's unsure and then as it public
generally they're okay with that because
there's a chance and I'm like oh I said
like that makes me uncomfortable because
I don't believe it one in July and then
too I don't want that I want you this is
something I want you to be really sure
about for a long time well it's they are
thinking really hard about it I believe
but I think they're thinking more of the
political calculus of reelection more
than they are what is the right or wrong
thing to do and including columns
including Collins but especially like
flake flake is gonna run for governor of
Arizona President of the United States
something like that and so his political
aspirations are not over Rani's
carefully calculating all of that as it
presents in minutes in each of these
cases I just can't wait to see who is
going to challenge them whether it's you
know certain columns when she goes back
Oh God or flake whatever and again as we
talked about the damage for this morning
the idea that Jeff Flake looks out at
American thinks I could be President you
moron what do you thin anymore that you
think that you could be president I want
to I just want to attack with Joe
Manchin just a little bit more because
he didn't just say he's gonna vote to
support Judge cab now he also said I
believe dr. Ford something happened to
dr. Ford I don't believe the facts show
it was Brett Kavanaugh you just need to
put the last part because you don't
actually mean the first part you don't
believe dr. Ford if you say that she is
so mixed up that she has no clue who she
thought has attempted to rape her three
dozen years ago and she's thought for
most of her life that this guy tried to
rape her
and she is so wrong or so stupid or so
crazy that she thinks that you don't
actually believe you're calling her a
liar you're just essentially calling her
an accident a liar yeah call her a liar
they don't usually part yeah this is the
result of many people on the right just
putting lures out in the water that you
can go gravitate to and get hooked on
the doppelganger Theory the doppelganger
theory is one the other one is less
specific than adopted that they tried
that one that was a little weird but the
other one was you know this is a very
traumatic thing I wish you could provide
more information he seems to know for
sure and she doesn't blah blah blah a
thousand things tough to be a man in the
world
they're coming after us but yeah you
know seven background checks they just
cast a bunch of lures and Joe Manchin
was like I like that one I'm not really
going to think about what it means if I
parse it out yeah look your constituents
of people who vote you in regardless
like they deserve your honesty not these
carefully like on PR created like
paragraphs and we're doing so much just
like breaking down just for these
ridiculous statements like I think that
people who you represent deserve honesty
it's not even I can't even even focus on
the frustration of where you're voting
it's just how you're talking to the
general public that's a problem and and
who thinks leftist right doesn't matter
who thinks that he was just actually
doing what he believes nobody thinks I
don't in any part of the spectrum by the
way as soon as he tweeted that this
thing that he did supposedly to get some
right
support Donald Trump jr. tweeted that
he's a lyin Joe Manchin
and all that so great move there
strategically you are this expert chess
player that's teaching us all about you
know how to stay alive in the South
looks like it's gonna work for you
they're what's called well let's say
just a little bit so we obviously we've
talked for a long time about how bad joe
manchin is he faced a strong primary
challenge apology and Swearengen earlier
this year I wish that she had should
bitch she had been able to beat him he
apparently feels embolden to do whatever
he wants for the next six years he will
be challenged again hopefully he'll be
taken down now we've always known he's
bad there's a few others that are bad
but look at this he is literally the
worst Democrat and he's so bad that he's
not even as good on this issue as Lisa
Murkowski he's he's not even as good as
one possibly in their hearts a few other
Republicans that's how bad he is now I
will say one of the reasons that it
bothers us so much is that this was so
obviously a case where you cannot
justify voting for him that he is the
only Democrat that we believe is
actually going to do it
there was one Republican who votes
against Kavanagh one Democrat who votes
for him so numerically the parties are
about as opposite on this as you could
possibly be and even under that
situation where it was so clear so easy
he has to go with the Republicans the
calculus of it state to state comes down
to people who are going to vote or not
vote for these folks people who call the
numbers when the numbers are on the
screen to can cut it to get in contact
with your senators or don't call those
numbers and that's how they're making
the political calculus there they are
cowards they are super and when a lot of
most of them when it comes down to it
they are out for their own personal
interests and their own personal
interest depends on you telling them
you're gonna vote for them or not yeah
we had national voter registration day
eight hundred thousand people registered
to vote I mean for there are there are
more of us than there are of them
numbers numbers they gerrymander
whatever this is a senatorial race
you're gonna vote for your senator for
your state yet at the end of the day it
doesn't end on a pressure we know that
would Lisa Murkowski a lot of her
constituents were putting pressure on
her and we know the head of the DNC when
asked about if the DNC would still
support candidates that support Kavanagh
I think like a week ago he said yeah
not gonna be anything that disqualifies
you so that stops some of the pressure
from being put on joe manchin you got to
get out there to vote
you got a month the entire the entire
thing is so frustrating and i imagine
again the the continually like her
speech was so insulting
so condescending at the same time
attempting to protect her from for the
criticism on this issue like I imagine
again as this whole process has been if
you have survived sexual assault
watching this it has got to be so
demoralized she said in her argument
that oh guys Kavanagh voted with Merrick
garland 93 percent of the time well
Susan Collins if there's no difference
between those two why the hell didn't
you vote for friggin Merrick garland and
she left out her involvement in that
Republican scheme to steal that seat
left that out over and over and over
guys I gotta keep it real it's about
them having control in Congress
everything that Mitch McConnell did
along the way in order to delay Merrick
garland was because they have control of
Congress and the way to change them
having control in Congress is for you to
get off your buns and go vote yeah yeah
yeah I mean overall I think people did a
great job I mean the fact that we got
the the testimony at all was because of
the pressure people problem the fact
that we got the FBI investigation
whatever it was worth was again because
of the pressure it in the end looks like
it's probably not going to be enough but
it's also not done I mean there are
measures to remove Supreme Court
justices it's far harder than anyone
then I think a lot of people are being
honest about but it is still possible so
perhaps you will see that exercise at
long last like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from The Young Turks
