a US judge has made the decision to
block a lawsuit involving a group of
conservatives who wish to sue Google
which owns YouTube / censorship they
feel that YouTube has been censoring
their content by D monetizing it simply
because they are conservatives which is
not the case but I will give you the
reasoning for why US District Court
Judge Lucy Koh has decided to block this
lawsuit now the lawsuit was filed in
October by Dennis Prager a conservative
radio host and youtuber who runs the
channel Prager you he accused YouTube of
being biased against conservatives by
placing age restrictions and refusing to
run ads on some of his videos without
quote compelling significant or
legitimate reason now what he did was
mention the Supreme Court decision Marsh
V Alabama in that ruling there was the
question of whether or not a privately
owned city could censor religious
pamphlets now the pamphlets were being
sent out by Jehovah's Witnesses and
apparently there was some action against
the pamphlets but it was a privately
owned City so does the Constitution the
First Amendment apply and in that case
the Supreme Court ruled that it did and
so Prager is arguing even though Google
is a private company and they can make
whatever decision they want in regarding
theoretically they could make any
decision they want regarding speech the
First Amendment still applies because of
the precedent set by Marsh v Alabama
Judge Lucy Koh disagreed here's her
reasoning she wrote in her decision that
she quote is not convinced that Marsh
can be extended to support plaintiffs
contention that defendants should be
treated as state actors subject to First
Amendment scrutiny merely because they
hold out and operate their private
property as a forum for expression of
diverse points of view okay look the
argument that he brought forward was an
interesting one now I want to know
that there were Supreme Court rulings
after that ruling 936 yes this Marsh V
Alabama ruling was in 1936 or in the
1930s so there were other rulings after
that that actually kind of set precedent
to the - you know that word that set
precedent to the contrary of the
previous decision but nonetheless that
argument doesn't apply because Google is
not censoring conservatives YouTube is
not censoring anyone well first of all
they're not taking the videos down
they're not taking the videos down the
videos remain but they become
demonetised because of advertisers
because of advertisers advertisers do
not want their ads running on content
that they think is risky or
controversial and so the D monetization
has an only impact of conservatives it's
impacted anyone who talks about anything
provocative or not even provocative or
not even provocative but anything that
advertisers are afraid of and they're
afraid of everything and guess what
we've been demonetised we're progressive
we put out progressive content it's been
to monetize we're not accusing YouTube
of censorship because they are not
censoring anyone what they're doing is D
monetizing content that advertisers do
not want their ads running on exactly
yeah like it's one thing to say that you
found a Supreme Court verdict from seven
years seven decades ago that had to do
with distributing religious pamphlets in
a private city like the idea that then
means you have a constitutional right to
be paid for your videos on a private
company's site seems a little bit
ridiculous we can be upset about the way
that advertisers are acting on YouTube
and the way that YouTube isn't
attempting to reassure them and get them
to realize that companies are not going
to bolt because their ads are being
played on videos that those consumers
aren't even watching it so the entire
thing is ridiculous I think it's a huge
waste of potential resources I don't
think that the advertisers are doing
what's in their best interests I don't
think YouTube is doing what's in its
best interests but what they're doing is
not violating people's constitutional
rights that's right and the the problem
that I see is that everybody on YouTube
who has been D monetized for the most
part only sees things from their point
of
you exactly right is continually saying
that this is political persecution
against them but to be fair there are
some progressives who tried to pitch it
as that they're specifically being
targeted
no one is specifically being targeted
everyone is being caught up in this
complete nonsense that's what's actually
happening it has affected us it's
affected tons of different people
they're not going after individual
channels it's largely has to do with
keywords and topics and all thats right
people need to stop focusing on their
own interests and understand this is a
bigger problem also remember it's not
just people putting out political
content who are getting hurt by D
monetization YouTube also gets hurt by
it because YouTube splits the revenue
5050 with content creators they want to
monetize every piece of content they
possibly can so at the heart of this
story is advertisers what they want what
they're uncomfortable with why are they
uncomfortable with this type of content
and again they AR not targeting any
specific ideology they just do not want
their Huggies ad running on a story
about abortion whether it's pro or anti
so just keep that in mind it is not like
some crazy conspiracy theory Joe Rogan
talks about this all the time
I love his show I love a lot of the
things he has to say but this like
notion like he let you know the Crowder
crowd get in his head too much this
notion that conservatives are being
targeted is so ridiculous especially
while we're sitting here experiencing
the same thing and taking a moment to
really investigate the situation and
figure out why it's happening instead of
pretending like were these poor victims
that need to be protected yeah
yeah and it's obviously a problem that
needs a solution and a lot of people
simply assert that stop persecuting me
is the solution that's not the solution
what specifically do you want to be done
and what is your philosophical or legal
basis for it like do you believe that
you have a constitutional right to be
paid for videos that you put up I don't
think most people actually believe
that's a right there simply implying it
do you believe that advertisers should
be required by YouTube to put their soda
commercials on your Nazi videos does
anyone actually believe that no
certainly not the capitalist they don't
believe that they're simply implying
that these things are
true without ever having to say to make
the case for them it is more complicated
that it does need to be fixed for the
reasons we've listed but it is not
simple by any means if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
