one school district in Pennsylvania
wanted to find a better solution to
arming their teachers now they want to
help their students and teachers defend
themselves if there is someone attacking
them or if there's a mass shooter on
campus but they don't want to arm the
teachers so the solution was to offer a
bucket of rocks and I'm not kidding now
this is from the onion right no this is
a real story and clickhole look I'm very
conflicted about this story because
while I completely agree that it is
absurd to arm teachers with rocks I
think that the superintendent and the
administrators who signed on to this had
their hearts in the right place and do
something they wanted to do something in
between a bucket of rocks in a hard
place they really are and and I don't I
don't want to you know criticize them
too aggressively because they're already
dealing with crazy violent threats
because of their proposal so let me give
you more details they're casting the
first stone stop it okay I see what
you're saying okay yeah all right so
Blue Mountain School District
Superintendent David hell Sol commented
last week that the district would be
arming teachers with a five-gallon
bucket of landscaping stones in each
classroom I'm glad that it's landscaping
stones you know a little more they tend
to have a little more ballistic
capability yes
I'm more worried about the political
landscape personal by the way I don't
know what landscaping stones are like at
all I don't know there's things that you
use for like edging pads and things like
that I don't know for sure but I think
that's are they smooth or are they
jagged I'm gonna guess that they're
smooth I don't know aerodynamic I mean
yeah I would say that strong self
defense experts they're not sure if you
go for the jagged ones less accurate
does more damage but the smoother rocks
they sail true and also they skip better
on the water they do they're
multi-purpose they do okay let me give
you more details
so after this bucket of rocks thing made
headlines apparently the school started
to recede or the school district started
receiving threats and they had to
increase security so now so they have
buckets rocks to the security now they
have armed guards for the schools so
here is a statement from the
superintendent this attention was due to
social media posts that took comments
out of context and misrepresented our
actual planned response to armed
intruders starting tomorrow and into the
near future we have arranged for
additional armed security for our
buildings he also said that the rocks
would be a last-ditch measure and that
it wasn't ditches - by the way the rocks
anyway I shouldn't be hitting that stone
man if you had if you had a landscaping
stone you could have defended your site
good now he said that the rocks would be
a last ditch effort and said that it was
better than doing nothing he also said
the plan was first implemented last fall
so this is not a new thing this is
something that was implemented last fall
and you know and if you do something
stupid you're only able to be criticized
inside of a week of doing it if it was
older you're not allowed to say anything
I think this was all a plot to get armed
guards onto their campuses yeah they're
like we really want armed teachers but
we can't make it happen so why don't we
put out a ridiculous proposal and then
of course violent crazy people will
threaten us with violent crazy things
it's and then we'll get the armed guards
I think it's either that or the
president's brother owns a landscaping
store there's a government contract okay
for public schools and landscaping
yeah stones yeah so I get what you're
saying that we shouldn't criticize them
too much that they're trying to do
inside of the means of whatever blah
blah blah and it is better than nothing
give them a stick then yeah the stick is
better than nothing
maybe we can set Tiger traps in the
hallways or something we can do like we
can use vine lassos against the guy
there's a whole lot of stupid things
that we can do or we can do something
smart and as I've talked about before
like I like to imagine if you had like a
hundred yards of possible ways you could
stop a shooting in the first big section
you have all of the social changes
cultural changes and legal changes we
could make to make it less likely that
somebody would want to resort to this
after all we know that in a lot of other
countries they don't try to come
tax like this and certainly there's all
sorts of legal remedies to make it
harder to get a gun or impossible to get
a gun or empower police and mental
health care officials and stuff like
that to take the guns away and we seem
to have seated
the first 97 yards out of those hundred
and we focus on he's in the school what
can we do to stop him and that is such
an epic surrender that we would allow it
to get to that point before we act as
this I mean you blame school districts
for thinking about things in those terms
the principal doesn't have control over
those I get that but when he says it's
better than nothing that's fine let's
not put them in a position where they
have to do something that's better than
nothing let's do something that's just
better right and something that's good I
look I totally agree with you final
point that I want to make is that if I
am an educator who is confronted with
someone who has an ar-15 the last thing
I'm gonna do is throw a landscaping
stone in his direction I just feel like
that would probably encourage him to
continue opening fire or target me
specifically so if it comes to throwing
things there are things to throw you can
throw stuff mm-hmm
it just seems stupid that like you're
like hey you tore this new school you
walk in there's a bucket of rocks there
Oh aren't we a modern advanced society
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
