we have a shocking and disturbing update
on the case involving Larry Nasser he
was the serial pedophile who is going to
spend the rest of his life in prison
after sexually molesting and abusing
female athletes and it turns out that
the former dean of MSU his name is dr.
William strand 'pl has been arrested and
when the story first broke people were
speculating as to why he was arrested
maybe an investigation was done to see
whether or not he knew about Larry
Nasser's activity and refused to report
it to the authorities and that's the
reason why he got arrested but the story
is actually even worse than that so
let's give you the details now dr.
Williams trampel has been charged with
allegedly using his office to harass and
sexually assault female students as well
as having pornographic material on his
work computer including a video of
Nasser performing that so-called
treatment on a young female patient
that's gonna hurt him in court probably
ought nothing to have that is Wow
any any of this stuff is going to sound
bad but but some of it the harassing and
the the individual reports of sexual
assault could in theory be disconnected
it could be that these are just two bad
guys who were close to each other but
independently they were awful but once
he liked the fact that he has the video
implies that there's some sort of
long-standing backroom deal between them
III and again this is my speculation
because I don't have all the evidence in
front of me but I have even less but
based on what I've pieced together it
seems as though trample did know about
what Nasser was doing because not only
was that video found on his computer
back in 2014
you know athlete female athlete camus
trampled and said that she had been
assaulted and he claimed that he
investigated it and found no wrongdoing
however he had new rules for Nasser for
instance there needed to be another
person in the room while Nasser was
performing treatment yada yada
did they do that because weren't there
far more
I'll give you the details but it was
based on the honor system
he'd never enforced you know his new
policies for Nasser he never checked up
on Nasser and the abuse continued so
that is another reason why I think
there's some evidence indicating that
strap will knew what was going on with
Nasser
however again you know what was found on
his computer was bad enough let me give
you more details
according to Tuesday's affidavit he used
his position to sexually harass and
assault at least four female medical
students the allegations include groping
and inappropriate sexual comments so
he's facing some pretty serious charges
including a charge of misconduct in
office a misdemeanor of criminal sexual
conduct in the fourth degree and also of
willful neglect of duty now according to
the document one woman alleges that he
told her she would not make it in the
medical field
unless she started to dress sexier the
same woman said he groped her buttocks
in 2013 during a scholarship dinner
investigators seized the former Dean's
computer and found approximately 50
photos of bear vaginas nude or semi-nude
women sex toys and pornography several
of the women in the photos appear to be
MSU students it seems like this the the
Nasr originally is probably going to go
down as one of the worst serial
pedophiles and sexual assaulters in our
you know country's history but imagine
finding out about it as a separate human
being and not feeling compelled to do
something to stop it
the reason about taking advantage of it
for yourself the reason why Nasser was
able to get away with what he did for
decades is because he happened to be
surrounded by some people who were
complete not only complicit who were
engaging in similar activity and so I'm
glad that these investigations are
happening and the investigations are
looking into people who were close to
Nasser in in a professional setting to
see whether or not they knew about his
behavior and it just so happens that
through these investigations we find out
the former dean of MSU was engaging in
misconduct himself so we will up
you hon this story as we get more
information about it but it is
devastating to know that these people in
positions of power were not only
complicit but again were involved in
their own misconduct what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
