under President Obama a new higher fuel
efficiency standards were implemented
and that led to increasingly stringent
requirements for auto manufacturers to
keep up with this they had to get the
miles per gallon of their fleet average
continually going up higher to try to
reach parity with a number of other
regions of the world that have been
doing that traditionally American cars
have been bad when it comes to fuel
efficiency and this was a major effort
not only to make our cars more
competitive so that they would actually
be bought in other parts of the world
but also to attempt to fight climate
change and things like that
the rules were aimed at slashing carbon
emissions from cars and light trucks by
boosting fuel economy to a fleet average
of more than 50 miles per gallon by 2025
which is ambitious it's the sort of
ambitious policy that we need that
standard is equivalent to roughly 36
miles per gallon in real-world driving
once you break down the sorts of cars
people are using light trucks all that
sort of thing and that was great but you
can kiss a goodbye because now the Trump
administration is in charge and they
don't like that at all auto
manufacturers have been lobbying ever
since those higher cap standards were
implemented and under Obama he wasn't
having it they did an analysis of the
likely cost for car manufacturers and by
the end of the second term of Barack
Obama
they had concluded that those costs were
reasonable and the higher standards
would be made permanent
then Trump became president and so the
US Environmental Protection Agency has
now concluded that a landmark Obama era
effort to cut vehicle greenhouse gas
emissions is too aggressive and agrees
with automakers that the standards
should be revised the agency has
completed a draft decision outlining the
rationale for easing fuel efficiency
regulations for male year 2022 to 2025
cars and light trucks so same epa
completely different leadership and
different motivating philosophy for it
being driven by of course the very
business-friendly Trump administration
he believes that climate change is a
hoax and if it's a hoax why should you
make cars the manufacturer of cars more
difficult to try to make them more
efficient and and think about the fact
that the EPA standards under the Obama
administration not only help to protect
the environment but it also would save
the consumer money
if you increase the efficiency of that
car and you need less gas in order to
run that vehicle well then you're gonna
spend less money on fueling that vehicle
I mean it was a win-win it was a win for
the consumer it was a win for the
environment these auto companies are
still gonna make a ton of money and have
a you know a ton of profit but it
doesn't matter under the Trump
administration under Trump he will do
anything and everything that's necessary
to undo what the Obama administration
managed to accomplish part of it is the
fact that he just holds a grudge and the
other part is that he's just an idiot
and I'm not just saying that to insult
him he thinks that climate change is
some weird Chinese hoax and so look you
elect an idiot you're gonna have idiotic
policy proposals and policy changes and
that's exactly what we have when it
comes to the EPA undoing these emissions
regulations yeah yes so the cost
obviously is that rather than doing more
to attempt to ward off the worst effects
of climate change we're actually moving
in the wrong direction but there is a
benefit EPA Administrator scrapped scott
pruett said in a statement that the
changes which are estimated to save
companies between 32 million dollars and
100 million dollars in annual compliance
costs underscore the administration's
commitment to federalism so your kids
might live in some sort of mad max-style
hellscape but we have we've put our
fists in the air in defense of
federalism and yes you might all die and
a lot of species will die off and a lot
of foods won't be available and there
would be gigantic inter and intra
country migration patterns because of
the loss of water and arable farming
land but they save 33 million dollars no
but another case another case of
privatizing gains socializing losses
because while these companies turn a
larger profit because they don't have to
deal with regulations that would help
protect our environment we as taxpayers
are gonna spend a lot more money in
funding you know disaster you know
organizations like FEMA for instance
because of extreme weather conditions
and things like that that's just one
example by the way so again another
example of the government looking out
for corporations as opposed to us the
consumers the taxpayer is the American
people and this is this is incredibly
disheartening because one of this is one
of the areas one of the top three or
four areas I warned against when people
were maybe Trump wouldn't be so bad that
that we would move in the exact wrong
direction in this and so over the past
year plus now as they've rolled back
more and more of the Obama environmental
regulations the methane and the
polluting and streams and lakes and the
opening up more coastal waters to oil
exploitation exploitation all of those
things that we keep doing reviews of
that to remind you that there is a major
difference between different sorts of
presidents and Barack Obama is a
centrist or center-right or whatever you
want to call him but he raised massively
the fuel efficiency standards for cars
despite the strength of the auto lobby
and all of that he did that and it was
only going to get better from here on
out but now we're going to completely
destroy that and yes look if Bernie
Sanders becomes president he can try to
once again established those but what
did we lose five years ten years or
maybe fifteen years how much more carbon
is pumped into the environment as a
result of that loss let alone all of the
other areas where we've back slid on
environmental regulations like these
sorts of things matter and is an example
of that next time you buy a car you're
gonna be reminded of exactly how
important these things are if you become
a member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now TYT Network comm
/join get the whole Yonkers show every
day
