yet another Republican Congressmen is
choosing not to run for re-election in
the current political environment that's
the good news but we have got new data
giving you more reasons more of a
warning to not become complacent about
whatever it is that you think is likely
to happen in November because the deck
is incredibly stacked against the sort
of outcome that I at least am hoping for
but first we're gonna talk about
representative Ryan Costello in
Pennsylvania now he is in a district
that has considered D plus two trends
very slightly Democratic but that does
not mean that he could not win
reelection in normal year I mean a
sitting congressman has a huge money
advantage of human name recognition
advantage he's got the political machine
that put him in to power in the first
place but even just with the two-point
advantage of the Democrats right now in
2018 he's a little bit scared so he says
in reference to why he is I'm not going
to be running for election Ryan Costello
said it was a combination of factors it
has been a deeply personal decision and
evaluation but those who love me agree
and those who I love agree with it I
will not be running for re-election I
like a little poetry in my render speech
he went on to cite the very angry
political environment as one of his
reasons for the decision saying whether
it's president Trump's alleged affair
with adult film star stormy Daniels or
passing an omnibus spending bill that
the president threatens to veto after
promising to sign it's very difficult to
move forward in a constructive way today
I like that both of those are Trump's
fall the two examples he gave are des
Eaux and president's fault and by the
way the announcement comes days after
the Supreme Court denied a request to
block the implementation of a new
court-ordered map in Pennsylvania an
under a man dirt map which if they had
been able to overturn that then maybe
they could have protected him a little
bit more so that is a good news he is
going to not be running for reelection
which raises the possibility at least
that a Democrat could take over the seat
inside of Pennsylvania I think that Ryan
Costello has decided not to run for
re-election because of the fact that
Pennsylvania will be slightly less
gerrymandered compared to before where
he had an advantage even though the
district that he's representing leans
slightly to the left I didn't hear him
speak out about the divisive nosov
Donald Trump and his administration
prior to this Supreme Court decision
so please spare me the the little violin
as you talk about how you know it's it's
difficult to get anything done and it's
an you know
president Trump concerns you if you were
really concerned you would have spoken
out earlier with that said though I am
happy with what the Supreme Court did in
this case and I am happy that
gerrymandering is an issue that people
are discussing and something's being
done about it because it was a huge
problem and it did overwhelmingly
support the agenda of Republicans in
various states especially in in
Pennsylvania now to be clear Democrats
trying to do it as well but Republicans
have been much more successful in
gerrymandering and if you look at how
some of the districts were drawn in the
state I mean people would make fun of it
because it was like these crazy spiral
you know crazy zigzag lines everywhere
and now it'll be a little more
representative of the constituents in
the state with that said good riddance
by Costello yeah yeah exactly it seems
like pretty clear just pragmatic
political calculation exactly win that
said don't get too excited I know some
people getting excited know you're
worried about complacency do not be
complacent because although it looks
like a lot of these elections are
swinging for the Democrats it's entirely
possible if that would be the case at
least in some cases maybe in a bunch of
cases but the sort of wave that's
expected is going to butt up against the
fact that we do not have some sort of
neutral playing field when it comes to
elections we have across the board with
only slight things like this
Pennsylvania working to fight against it
a very biased in some ways rigged system
of elections and so let's talk about the
way things sort of should be if things
were fair and then how things actually
are Democrats seeing a net gain of 24
seats to take back the House of
Representatives this year in a typical
election according to an analysis of
midterm data from 1946 to 2014 by a
political scientists if they were to win
on average the popular vote by six
points they would gain 27 seats and thus
have an advantage if you win the popular
vote by six points that's a pretty
strong wing win it means that the
country largely is in support of your
agenda not the Republicans in an easy
but it can happen it does happen from
time to time for the Democrats or for
the Republicans but that's a typical
election that's not the elect
that we have had or will have recently
according to a new Brennan Center report
a six-point win with today's political
maps would earn Democrats just 13 seats
not even close to winning a majority in
the House of Representatives in order to
win back the House Democrats would now
need to win by 11 points almost twice
what they have historically needed to
win by and that is obviously a much
harder bar to pass let's bring up this
chart you're gonna see a comparison of
those to the traditional model and the
the more recent model and what they need
to do to actually win and so look if
they can win by 11 or 12 or 14 points
they're gonna do just fine they will
have the majority but that's a lot
tougher and by the way it means that
even if they win and they win
overwhelmingly they might have a
majority but they will have a smaller
narrower majority then the Republicans
have had that that typically a winning
party's had in the past which means that
even if they take back the house there's
going to be some votes that they will
not be able to win on that's
disconcerting and that's because of
gerrymandering and a number of other
things the system is fundamentally
messed up and we've seen progress over
the past few months in Pennsylvania and
North Carolina although in both of those
areas that GOP is attempting to fight
back in what I would consider incredibly
immoral and unethical fashion but that's
just two states there's a lot of states
in this country there's dozens dozens of
states and we need to fight back in all
of them to make things more fair hard to
disagree with that you just watch the
video by the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
