on Friday the Oberlin Conservatory of
Music offered spots to only 130 out of
their 1500 applicants one of those who
made the cut was 70 year old Raylan
Mason but he won't be going his
acceptance to Oberlin was finalized a
week and a half after he was killed by a
bomb left at his home in Austin police
described the Austin bomber as a very
challenging man this is Jalen Willy
she died at 16 years old on Thursday
when her parents took her off life
support after she was shot by her
ex-boyfriend an Associated Press
headline described the ex-boyfriend as
sick lovesick when killers are white
white people often write their stories
white police white journalists white
politicians they we look for motives the
reasons
white people kill the challenges they
face their broken heart if you are not
white the narrative written around you
is often different and too often written
to a premature ending reacting to this
with outrage is appropriate and just but
the solution to this injustice is not to
strip whites of suspects of their
humanity
white privilege is more than the
presumption of innocence it is the
assumption of humanity we have to expand
the circle of empathy not diminish it
empathy for white people is only a step
backward if it's not a step forward a
step toward empathy for black people for
all people this generation is called not
to end white privilege but to enshrine
human privilege if we truly want to be
the home of the brave we must act like
it
rejecting paranoia reasoning to
inclusiveness all of that can be scary
but it's who we're supposed to be and
it's better than this
