I want to pass along some outstanding
new reporting about Houston but first
some context and perspective six months
after Hurricane maria puerto rico has
been largely forgotten but it is not
alone we have been tracking the slow
recovery on Puerto Rico 7% still don't
have electricity water supplies have
been compromised suicide rates have
soared and nearly a quarter million
people have fled the island those with
the means to do so anyway the poorest
are left behind but Puerto Rico is not
alone in its neglect one of America's
largest cities has also been forgotten
in America today mainland Americans even
yes rich white people are jeopardized by
the Trump administration and state
response or lack thereof to natural
disasters more than six months after
hurricane Harvey a new report shows that
officials still have not told the whole
truth about the reservoirs of poison
unleashed on Houston no one knows where
the toxic soil was watched to no one
knows how many companies should be held
accountable for the cleanup in a vital
new report from The Associated Press and
the Houston Chronicle reporters pored
through government records and found
more than 100 toxic releases only two of
them were the subject of public alerts
most of them were never investigated by
federal officials none of them have led
to enforcement action by the state local
officials told reporters that they won't
be able to make strong cases against
these polluters because of the weak
response by state and federal
authorities one chemical plant alone
spilled almost half a billion gallons of
contaminated water laced with
carcinogens but most of the testing on
soil and water was done at existing
super fun toxic waste sites the quality
of soil and water downstream from the
industrial spills remains largely
unknown untested in some areas academic
studies have been done
identifying elevated soil levels of PCBs
dioxins and other hazardous chemicals
used by the fossil fuel industry
official said at the time that the air
was safe but the EPA in this report
admits that local hot spots
actually did pose possible risks after
Harvey as The Young Turks is reported
some of the biggest offenders spent
years donating to local politicians for
approval to expand their businesses
around Houston pushing real estate
development into marshes and prairies
destroying natural safeguards against
flooding this is the result when the
leaders of America's fourth largest city
filter every decision through the lens
of what's good for business
especially business that donates to
their political campaigns this is what
happens when natural defenses are
bulldozed by the almighty dollar and
officials turn a blind eye to the
desecration of whatever natural soil and
water remained Puerto Rico matters and
must be rescued but today's reality is
that it's not just Puerto Rico that's
been forgotten
it's Houston and it's all of us
