time to throw a curveball at you Marco
Rubio proposed a bill on an issue that
he is 100% right about and I'm not sure
I ever agreed with Marco Rubio before
but now we have an issue where I agree
with Marco Rubio perhaps more than I've
ever agreed with any politician ever on
anything wow these are all strong
statements right well take a look at why
this is from slate they say national
hero that's overstating it Marco Rubio
introduces bill to make daylight savings
time year-round yes yes yes yes yes yes
so he actually proposed two bills one is
the sunshine Protection Act which is a
good name for it and then there's
another one the sunshine state Act the
first bill would make daylight savings
time permanent across the country
currently it runs from March to November
which forces most Americans to set their
clocks ahead one hour in the spring and
then turn it back an hour in the fall
and then the second bill would let
Florida remain in daylight savings time
on its own even if the rest of the
nation decides to return back to
standard time so he's doing
one of them's for the entire country the
other one is for Florida where even if
the country reverts back Florida stays
that way dude sign us up in fact I'm
about to call fucking Gillibrand and
Schumer cuz I'm in New York they're the
New York's and predict what the fuck's
wrong you better sign on to this bill
you better do now imagine this actually
passes how much happier everybody would
be listen I know some people are
listening from places where perhaps it
doesn't get as bad as it does here in
New York but in the middle of the winter
here in New York bitch it's dark at 4:30
in the afternoon do you have any idea
what that does to somebody's psyche I
mean you're just like it's just like a
cannon ball hits you in the face so
weird way of describing it but that
you're just like oh my god I want more
Sun give me more Sun if you
did daylight savings time permanently
then the worst it would get is dark at
5:30 which okay we could deal with that
we could deal with that
why not do the daylight savings time
year-round why not why not why not
because in the summer sometimes is
bright until fucking 9:00 9:30 which
that's the shit I love that even if
people like listen I don't have seasonal
depression but like I get why people do
because there is something that happens
in your brain naturally with the
production of either dopamine or
serotonin where if you're not getting
that sunlight goddamn you're gonna feel
it a little bit even if you're not out
and out depressed you're gonna be like I
just wish it was bright so come on man
okay if the only stuff that Democrats
and Republicans agree on are things to
screw you more NSA spying deregulating
Wall Street endless war those are the
things they agree on imaginative
Tamarack rats and a Republican came came
together to do this that alone might
increase the approval rating of Congress
5% 10% if the Senate and the House
representatives came together and did
this oh come on man
shit I wish there was a petition already
I would I would promote I'd Hawk the
shit out of that petition in fact fuck
it I'll tell you right now call your
Congress people call your centers let's
get daylight savings time year-round so
we can make winter less unbearable
because it is unbearable so Marco Rubio
you're 100% right I still hate you
because you're a fucking war monger and
you're you know a deregulating douchebag
so you're not a good dude by any stretch
of the imagination but on this you're
right and god damn it we need to get
this past
