following a damning report indicating
that that Cambridge analytical which was
a firm hired by Trump's campaign had
accessed the private information of more
than 50 million Facebook users Mark
Zuckerberg obviously was asked to
comment on it and it took him a while to
release a statement but at first he
apologized on Twitter and then granted
an interview to CNN's Laurie Segall now
in that interview here's what he had to
say and how he believes Facebook will be
better moving forward this was a major
breach of trust and and I'm really sorry
that this happened and we have a basic
responsibility to protect people's data
and if we can't do that then we don't
deserve to have the opportunity to serve
people so our responsibility now is to
make sure that this doesn't happen again
and there are a few basic things that I
think we need to do to ensure that one
is making sure that developers like
Alexander Cogan who got access to a lot
of information and then I'm improperly
used to just don't get access to as much
information going forward so we are
doing a set of things to to restrict the
amount of access that that that
developers can get going forward but the
other is we need to make sure that there
aren't any other Cambridge analytical's
out there right or folks who have been
properly accessed data so we're gonna go
now and investigate every app that has
access to a large amount of information
from before we lock down our platform
and if we detect any suspicious activity
we're going to do a full forensic audit
and and make sure that no one out there
is improperly using data and that's I
think the responsibility that we have to
people in our community okay that was
his statement and just to fill you in on
this story it was discovered that
Cambridge analytic had access to about
50 million users profiles and that
included information that they had kept
private meaning only their friends were
able to see it it wasn't a public
profile now Alexander Cogan the person
that Zuckerberg mentioned in that state
it built an app known as this is your
digital life okay at about 270,000
people downloaded it and the people who
downloaded that app essentially allowed
for Cambridge analytic to access their
information in addition to all of their
friends information right which is why
the number went up to as much as 50
million Facebook users being affected
Alexandre Cogan's sold that data to
Cambridge analytical so that's the
connection there I just want to clarify
two things about that number one they
got that information with misleading
information that they gave to the people
downloading that they said that it was
being used for university research it
wasn't it was used for a private profit
and it was used to then eventually
manipulate our elections but that was
for the profit of Cambridge analytic ah
so that was a lie and so that's a huge
problem right there and so number two is
the Friends of the people who downloaded
that did not consent to anything let
alone being able to data mined all of
their private information so those are
two giant problems that Facebook now has
to figure out did more people do that
did more people a lie to us and then be
data mined in a way that we should not
have allowed them to and right and so
Facebook had apparently contacted people
at Cambridge analytical and said you
obtained that information against our
guidelines you need to delete it and
then they just kind of left it there and
there's no reason to believe that
Cambridge analytic Edyta
seemed to apologize for that but I like
that you mentioned the consent issue
there because this is a thing I mean
sure an argument can be made that
there's some portion of Facebook users
who immediately fall victim to the click
Beatty quizzes and apps and it drives me
crazy they're usually moms but so they
download it and then everyone on their
friends list is now you know a victim of
this right and and they don't know about
it they don't know who downloaded that
app they don't know who's accessing
their private information so anyone who
makes the argument that a I mean this is
stuff that you willy-nilly share about
yourself on Facebook and too bad that's
how the world
works no no there are people out there
who take extreme measures to keep their
information friends-only they don't
download these shady apps and they still
unfortunately got their data taken by
this firm it's a little bit more context
on to the the claim that Cambridge
analytical got rid of the information
two years ago Facebook goes hey you guys
seem shady we know you got that
information by the way Facebook does not
reveal that publicly for a long long a
long time and analytical says oh don't
worry brother we got it we deleted it
just trust us and Facebook goes ok
problem solved and we found out through
the recent investigations no they hadn't
deleted it there's people inside
Cambridge analytic oh that talked to
reporters anonymously and said no I saw
it on a drive the other day it's still
there so you can and part of the reason
why Facebook doesn't go through a lot of
trouble of trying to make sure that it's
a later one to be fair to them it's
awfully hard to know whether someone
else a third party has deleted
information off their servers or not I
don't know how you know that right one
thing you could do though is you could
ban them back then not now right that
could have made a huge difference for
violating a massive violation of your
protocol and your rules right and then
but they also want to make money
Facebook does so they don't want to be
too harsh on the people that are using
them to buy ads and lots and lots of ads
millions of dollars in ads so they're
like oh slap on the wrist for that
violation oh look at this what a
wonderful coincidence it turns out
you're buying tens of millions of
dollars of ads on us okay yeah I mean
nothing in life is free nothing so
social media is not free you're paying
some price to use that platform and the
price is your personal information which
is you know insanely valuable to a lot
of different companies they want to know
about you your habits your likes your
dislikes your behavior online and so yes
this information is going to be sold the
question is how much of that information
and how much of it are you consenting to
so final two things on that number one
people will now use this to make sure
that Facebook discriminates against all
independent media now that's a story
that that is not told in any of these
articles by the way the articles and all
the press that are covering it are old
media so what does old media doing now
okay you did something wrong with
Cambridge analytic ah so make sure that
you don't have any independent voices
anymore and you should only do quote
unquote legitimate news from oh what a
lucky break us right so wait
Cambridge analytical has to do with an
app that went into people's privacy what
do you what does that have to do with
you should only do CNN and Washington
Post stories but right now there is a
world or pressure on facebook to hey you
better clean up that fake news stuff and
this story seems related to that story
right so that's it from now on only old
media on Facebook so and there by the
way it appears on the surface that they
are now since they're backpedaling and
in a world of trouble and doing PR
damage control looks like they're
agreeing to that well yeah I mean look I
think that overall you're right
especially when it comes to the stories
that have surfaced regarding the fake
news of course more of the traditional
news outlets want to get rid of the
competition and so they'll over report
it and make it seem as though anything
that isn't you know a longtime brand of
American news is is illegitimate we
should get rid of it with this story
though make no mistake this has nothing
to do with fake news may be
establishment corporate media wants to
utilize it for their own purposes but
this is really about third parties who
go against Facebook's own guidelines
don't get anyone's consent and data mine
you know personal information of
millions of people tens of millions of
people so again I don't know if they're
gonna twist this story as a way of doing
away with independent media I wouldn't
be surprised but this story has nothing
to do with news it has everything to do
with your privacy and how much of the
information you know you're consenting
to are not consenting to getting used by
a third party
yeah and secondly look a lot of people
have a B
with Facebook as I explained on the show
yesterday and let me also explain our
conflicts of interest as I do every time
Facebook is a partner of ours but as you
can tell I've been awfully harsh to them
in some respects and also fair to them
in other respects right so we're trying
to ignore that issue and we're also
independent media so it affects us so
I'm letting you know about that conflict
of interest now when ever CNN reports
the story or Washington Post reports a
story they don't go by the way we're old
media and when we yell at Facebook that
they should only use old media and all
independent not just fake news not just
crazy conspiracy theories but you should
get rid of all non credible in other
words non us old media they never admit
it they never admit that conflict of
interest and if you tell them they go Oh
golly gee this thing helping us it's
just a total coincidence well it isn't a
coincidence so you can do both things at
the same time you can clean up facebook
and and I know that tackling face fake
news and conspiracy theories is not easy
a lot of people believe in conspiracy
theories so what are you gonna do with
all of your users admissions of them
that believe in conspiracy theories we
don't but they do I don't know what
Facebook is supposed to do about that so
there's a number of different issues
here there's the fake news there's a
conspiracy theories there's the invasion
of privacy but it's not too much to ask
for them to handle those as best as they
can in an intelligent way issue by issue
instead of just throwing up their hands
and going okay old media it is let's
just drown out all the independent
voices that made the internet great so
that we can be quote-unquote credible if
you liked this video bless your heart we
got a lot more where that came from we
do a full show every day Monday through
Friday come enjoy ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
