we have just moved one step closer to
the government killing drug dealers here
in the United States because Attorney
General Jeff Sessions has released a
memo encouraging capital punishment
charges for what I would term an oddly
expansive list of drug-related offensive
offenses we're not gonna show you the
whole memo because it's long but I do
want to show you two excerpts for two
different reasons here's the first the
important part is at the bottom we want
the ability to seek capital punishment
for certain drug related crimes it's
going out to the people who will be
doing that among these drug related
crimes certain racketeering activities
which I thoroughly is nonviolent the use
of a firearm resulting in death during a
drug trafficking crime that you're
talking about murder murder in
furtherance of a continuing criminal
enterprise there you're talking about
murder and dealing in extremely large
quantities of drugs the articles that I
read all said extremely large quantities
of drugs and I was sure that when I read
the actual memo it would be more
specific and it would say fentanyl or
something else that's almost necessarily
deadly in its use certainly in large
quantities but no the actual memo just
says large quantities of drugs there is
every reason to believe that that could
be used as the pretext to charge people
with the cap with capital punishment
with the death penalty for dealing
marijuana if it's extremely large
quantities which is a highly technical
scientific term that is a horrifying
piece of this memo and I feel like most
of the people in the news we're even
discussing this are not focusing enough
on that component of it yes so I want to
give a fact here and then a little bit
of amusing conspiratorial or perhaps not
so amusing conspiratorial speculation
the fact is that it is unconstitutional
to give the death penalty to anything
that doesn't - any crime that doesn't
lead in death so that is a long Supreme
Court precedent there's no question
about it so this proposal is
unconstitutional from day one
not close not remotely close which is
what leads to my speculation so there
are actually two other parts of the memo
that are good they
talk about reducing the demand and over
prescription of opioids well that's good
and boosting access to treatment and
that's good
so the conspiratorial part is are they
putting something obviously
unconstitutional in the proposal so that
the whole thing is ruled
unconstitutional like alcohol et I guess
we can't reduce the opioids
all right pharmaceutical companies what
can we do I mean you are a huge donor to
us but what a lucky break for you guys
that we happen to put a poison pill if
you will into this legislation that we
knew it would get declared
unconstitutional oops I hope that that's
not it that seems like too clever for
them by oh that's a good form but you
could be right but but as of right now
it's it's in there and you're right I
have a little bit more on some of the
good stuff but one other part I wanted
to focus on the problem I have with it
isn't just that they want to go around
murdering drug dealers for increasingly
vague reasons but that they
fundamentally don't understand what this
problem is about so they acknowledge
over-prescription so they understand
that doctors are involved in this and
pharmaceutical companies are involved in
this but they also have this section in
the memo drug traffickers transnational
criminal organizations and violent
street gangs all contribute
substantially to this courage to combat
this deadly epidemic federal prosecutors
ba-bye leads into those charges yes some
of the people who become addicted to
opioids will then transition over to
things like heroin which because they're
illegal necessarily involve criminal
gangs blah blah blah all that stuff but
the fundamental problem there is still
there Avenue with which they got to
heroin and other sorts of drugs and that
was legally prescribed drugs there is
some component of drug traffickers you
know in the illegal sense and that sort
of thing
but that is not the core of the problem
and the worst-hit states by the way
you're talking about West Virginia and
some of the other areas around there
these are not areas with huge urban
gangs this is people who are buying
fully legal prescription drugs and
becoming addicted to them and then
having the obvious consequences and so I
think this is a giant red herring so
two-thirds of the opioid deaths are from
people taking legal opioids not illegal
only 1/3 is from illegal drugs so if you
want to execute the top drug dealers in
the country it is literal that you would
have to execute the CEOs of the
pharmaceutical companies now I'm not in
favor of that I think that's crazy talk
I think it's crazy talk any way you
slice it but the largest drug dealers
that lead to the most amount of deaths
from opioid addiction are legal
chief executive officers of
pharmaceutical companies I did an
interview on rebel headquarters about
with someone who was on the medical
cannabis board in West Virginia and he
explained there's a town of in West
Virginia that has about 3,000 people in
it and I forget the exact numbers now
but it was something along the lines of
20 million prescriptions were given to
that town over a small period of time
now do you think the pharmaceutical
companies didn't know that town we'll
only had 3,000 people
Oh golly gee I thought it was New York
City is it this little town in West
Virginia no they knew they knew what
they were doing they knew they were
making a profit off of the opioid
addiction
they are literally drug dealers dealing
what was the exact term extremely large
quantities of drugs they finish a lot my
guess is that the Republicans are not
going to execute execute some of their
top donors and the pharmaceutical
companies are the number-one donors to
politicians in this country more than
Lobby lobbyists more than bankers
they're number one that's why they are
immune from all this and that's why
Donald Trump is trying to distract you
he said he would completely wipe out
their opioid addiction he would stop
cold under President Trump it is of
course gone up recently and and the
reality is he wants you to look at ms-13
and the other street gangs because it's
easy to demagogue on those he wants you
to make sure that you're not focusing on
the real problem which is legal opioids
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm /join and once you do
you'll be saying get home like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
