all right very important news bread
Cavanaugh has advanced to a final vote
and a Democrat voted for him both of
those are disastrous but wait there's a
super important surprising twist of that
story which might lead to a different
ending so I'm gonna tell you about that
in a second first of all let's note I'm
still in New York yesterday I was in
front of Grand Central today this is
Brian Park in Manhattan and of course
the main show is live
later today 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern as it is
every day so make sure you're watching
that a good way to watch that is on our
app as I'm going to when I'm away it's
TYT dot-com slash app to get that and of
course if you're a member you can get
all of our shows including that anytime
you want that's t y-t-dot-com slash join
ok so now how did Kavanaugh advance so
don't freak out he's not on the court
yet what that means is they first have
to get through a procedural motion we're
in the old days the Democrats could have
blocked it with a filibuster but the
Republicans have removed the filibuster
for Supreme Court nominees they did that
to get Gorsuch through the Democrats
said oh no that's gonna violate Senate
tradition the Republicans won't do that
of course stay well we said they would
they did so that's gone so in in this
case what they would have normally
needed back in the old days was 60 out
of the hundred senators but today they
only needed 51 and that's exactly what
they got they got 51 now wait a minute
there are 51 Republican senators and I
just told you that a Democrat voted for
this motion so here comes twist number
one Joe Manchin was a Democrat who
crossed over and said that he would vote
for Cavanaugh to proceed now that
doesn't mean necessarily that Joe
Manchin is going to vote to approve him
it just means he's voting for a final
vote okay and that could come after 30
hours of debate so this means that
Cavanaugh is going to a final vote
that's not good news
the final vote will probably come this
weekend not good
newse most of the Republicans are
holding strong saying yes the FBI
investigation in their minds they claim
cleared them which of course it didn't
it gave some information but not very
much but we talked about that yesterday
so the most important twist you can do
math if the Republicans are fifty-one
people and Manchin voted with them so
why is it at fifty two forty eight
ladies and gentlemen we got a Republican
that voted no so it's Lisa Murkowski
from Mountain Alaska
she says she changed her mind on the way
to the vote Wow
but now first of all in the show we tell
you all the time these senators and
national politicians they almost never
change their minds because ninety nine
out of a hundred times if I'm keeping it
real and that's what I do and you all
know they're paid to vote a certain way
so there is no changing their minds
unless there's a different paycheck but
in this case this appears to actually be
a genuine change of mine now you can say
it's a political calculation you could
say hey she claims to be pro-choice
she's leaving living up to that you can
say anything you like but it does appear
the Sheik quote-unquote changed her mind
and that is super important because if
you vote no on advancing to a final vote
well logically that means is a 99%
chance that you will vote no on his
overall confirmation because it's an
irrational vote to say I don't think we
should even have a final vote but if we
do have a final vote I vote yes that
makes no sense so now look they can get
to her from now until the final vote and
she can change her mind again but it
appears very very likely that a
Republican will vote no so then that
down to only 50 if all of the Democrats
hold so flake and cons there were the
other two Republicans that might have
vote no on Kavanagh in the final vote
they voted yes to go forward so now
we're down to just one person
switching okay so
again it's one republican unless Manchin
votes with them then you'd still need to
so you need Manchin to vote no on the
final boat which is still possible
because he can play a game where he says
look I thought we should have a vote on
the guy thought that was fair but once
we had the vote I vote no but it would
have been unfair not to have the vote
that is a perfectly rational argument
you could make I don't know that mansion
is gonna make that argument so Manchin
and Collins in particular especially now
that Murkowski has voted no there'll be
a lot of pressure pressure on Collins to
vote no otherwise she won't seem as
moderate and can't and has a harder time
making the case that she's pro-choice so
all of a sudden even though that vote is
really bad we're kind of back in the
ball game overall the pattern might be a
good one and I'm pretty surprised as the
Murkowski vote and that's a super
positive vote for us so now we're kind
of back to 5050 literally in terms of
the Senators and and now I think also
literally in terms of the chances that
Kavanagh has to get onto the court we
got a ball game ladies and gentlemen it
probably gets decided this weekend so
hang in there for Oh breaking news but
right now 50-50 on to whether he makes
it onto the court that is an exciting
development so stay tuned
