there's a guy named Larry crasner he ran
for da in Philadelphia and and a lot of
progressive groups supported him I want
to give the real justice pack a lot of
credit here Shaun King is involved in
that a number of Bernie alumni are
involved in that and and they put
forward a big fight but sort of a lot of
other great groups are revolution
moveon.org and the list goes on and so
progressive came out and fought for
krasner because he had a bold
progressive policy agenda and it was no
question it was well but we have heard
people say that they're going to be bold
when they get into office and lo and
behold it turns out that they are not so
now crasner is in office so let's find
out what he's up to
who else late reports now two months
into his term da crasner is virtually
indistinguishable from candidate krasner
uh-oh here we go now we're in the ball
game now we got a progressive let's see
what he can do in it to change the
broken system I love this I think this
is a tipping point because when we
actually don't have to beg politicians
to pretend to be progressive they
actually are progressive it could make a
world of difference so let's get to it
since January he has told his attorneys
not to seek cash bail for 25 charges
dropped
51 marijuana charges in Mass join the
mayor in pushing for Philadelphia to
become the first US city to open a safe
injection site a clinic where people can
inject drugs under nurse supervision and
receive addiction treatment if they
choose and he's suing ten pharmaceutical
companies alleging their marketing
methods have fueled the opioid crisis so
immediately right out of the gate not
playing around he said I'm gonna reduce
mass incarceration and I was not joking
I know what conservatives sacred service
say oh my god the safe injection site so
you're gonna encourage drugs well the
studies show the opposite we're actually
likely to reduce the amount of drugs
taken in the city
and by the way I don't give a damn what
conservatives say they're not the ones
who put me in office the voters put me
in office I said I was gonna do these
things and I'm doing them I love it
it's a wonderful start wait till you get
to see what he just announced but I want
to also point out he got into office and
immediately Philadelphia district
attorney Larry crasner al said 31
members of the office on Friday that was
when he first got in a dramatic shake up
and the first major staffing decision
announced by the city's new top
prosecutor just three days after he was
sworn in that's The Enquirer in Philly
reporting that you see when you fire 31
guys three days in from then on when you
send a memo people pay attention so now
that he's got their attention he does
send a memo and the memo explains that
these policies are an effort to end mass
incarceration and bring balance back
into sentencing so how is he going to do
that the most significant and ground
bacon reform is how he has instructed
assistant district attorneys to wield
their most powerful tool plea offers
over 90% of criminal cases nationwide
are decided in plea bargains a system
which has been broken beyond repair by
mandatory minimum sentences and
standardized prosecutorial excess and
about in an about-face from how these
transactions typically work Krasner's
300 lawyers are to start many plea
offers at the low end of sentencing
guidelines for most nonviolent and non
sexual crimes or economic crimes below
$50,000 threshold Krasner's lawyers are
now to offer defendants sentences below
the bottom end of the state's guidelines
so it's a topsy-turvy world I've been
covering politics for over 20 years now
and Democrats almost never do what they
said they were gonna do so this is a
wonderful turn of events he said no I'm
not gonna do change around the edges I
promised your big change and I'm gonna
give you a big change we're locking up
too many people on nonsense charges
including marijuana charges and
prostitution charges well I'm not gonna
do that
every prosecutor in the country thinks
it's a big tough guy move to charge the
maximum he said what we're not gonna do
that if you want a lower incarceration
and want to fix this broken justice
system we're gonna do the minimum not
the maximum let these low-level crimes
and by the way if you're not arrested on
a low-level crime and you're
middle-class or rich you can just do
cash bail and you're out well but if
you're poor even if it was a low-level
crime and we don't even know that you
did it you sit in jail for months I'm
and in cash bail that was their previous
story we covered that on The Young Turks
I alluded to it in the beginning that's
already wonderful now on top of that
he's saying I'm not going to charge you
with heavier crimes than a guy who stole
more than $50,000 we've gotten used to
this insane broken system where the rich
who steal a tremendous amount of money
get no prosecution but if you're poor
you're crushed crasner says we're gonna
flip it we're actually gonna be
progressives in fact he says if
prosecutors want to use their discretion
to deviate from these guidelines say if
a person has a particularly troubling
rap sheet crasner must personally sign
off so in that past if you wanted to go
below the maximum you needed to get a
sign-off from the district attorney in
this case he's saying if you want to go
past the minimum you're gonna need to
get me to sign off and by the way
there'll be plenty of cases where they
will go past it because there'll be
serious crimes and Kratzer will sign off
on it but he wants to make sure that
there's serious crimes that we're not
wasting the taxpayer money and we're not
locking up people and ruining their
lives if we don't have to and ruining
the community as well now one of the
reasons he does is because Pennsylvania
in Philadelphia in particular or and
were for no reason at all when they were
perfectly blue places for Pennsylvania
overall but certainly the city of
Philadelphia had bought into this mass
incarceration nonsense and had gotten to
be some of the worst offenders of this
problem in the whole country let me give
you that background the United States
has the highest rate of incarceration in
the world it has increased 500 percent
over a few decades Pennsylvania and
Philadelphia have been incarcerating at
an even higher rate than comparable US
states and cities for decades as 700
percent increase over the same few
decades in Pennsylvania and Philadelphia
in recent years has been the most
incarcerated of the 10 largest cities
yet Pennsylvania and Philadelphia are
not safe
result due to wasting resources and
Corrections rather than investing in
other measures that reduce crime so
another important part of this is he
says look we want to prevent crime our
job is to bring crime down if you spend
all of your money on incarceration
especially on people who either don't
deserve it or that it's not a good use
of our resources then we can't spend it
on actually doing crime prevention I
think he's our obvious and logical but
our system was so broken that obvious
policies would never be implemented
until now this is a tipping point
friends so Memex explains Pennsylvania's
and Philadelphia's over incarceration
have bankrupted investment in policing
public education medical treatment of
addiction job training and economic
development which prevent crime more
effectively than money invested in
Corrections now he's not done yet this
guy is on a warpath and again it's
refreshing to be able to say that about
a progressive who's already in office
kraznys lawyers are now also to decline
charges for marijuana possession no
matter the weight effectively
decriminalizing possession of the drug
in the city for all non-federal cases
sex workers will not be charged with
prostitution unless they have more than
two priors in which case they'll be
diverted to a specialized Court now a
slate further explains this is not to
say that all the city's criminal justice
players are on board with the crasner
experiment the leader of the local
Fraternal Order of Police John McKee
Nesby is a vocal critic he recently
warned cadets not to listen to the quote
dangerous and despicable presentation a
crasner gave on the legal and illegal
use of service firearms next McNees B's
outrage seems to be about a comment
crabs are made about using caution when
aiming for a suspects torso and chest so
he told the cops be careful doorways
shoot to kill in essence and their head
of the cops like how dare you why cuz
the training is wrong the training is
she
shoot shoot never take a risk with your
own lives here comes the district
attorney's that says you know what I
actually care about the lives of my
citizens and so I'm going to protect
them does this guy look like he's
playing if you're a cop in Philly you
want to test them you want to go and do
an unjustified shooting and see if he
prosecutes my guess is you don't want to
test them he's gonna actually look out
for the citizens I know that comes as a
shock for police chief's like McNees be
well sad day for you he's actually
making you do your job which is to
protect and to serve
and to serve by the way he's also
increasing funding for policing you
should be happy about that but of course
they can't see straight because they're
used to being above the law
now finally let me get to a last couple
points here in a move that may have less
impact that allows the defendants but is
very on brand for krasna prosecutors
must now calculate the amount of money a
sentence would cost before recommending
it to a judge and argue why the cost is
justified I also love this because if
it's all about framing and it gets you
the thing about the problems in the
right way in a very serious matter for
where for example 25 years incarceration
are sought and is appropriate state on
the record that the cost of the taxpayer
is 1 million fifty thousand dollars
that's 25 times forty two thousand if
not more and explain why you believe
that cost is justified because we're
throwing people away for 25 years
without blinking he's like look at the
low end is 42 thousand at the high end
it says sixty thousand dollars a year to
detain these people so you want to
explain to me why this guy we the state
should spend a million dollars in car
straightening this guy when you think
about it that way all of a sudden they
become a little bit more reluctant and
final part of the memo he writes the
cost of one year of unnecessary
incarceration at 42,000 to $60,000 is in
the range of the cost of one year salary
for a beginning teacher a police officer
a firefighter a social worker an
assistant district attorney or an
addiction counselor you may use these
comparisons on the record
there's a new sheriff in town his name
is crasner and he's an actual
progressive so for all those people who
fought to get him into office thank you
you fought the good fight and it made
all of the difference and for all the
citizens of Philadelphia hope and help
is in fact on the way I also want to
mention democracy for America that also
helped in that endeavor and finally for
all other progressive groups that are
out there fighting in primaries guess
what sometimes you win sometimes it
makes a giant difference so let's go get
them the fight has just begun but it's
great to see that now when we have
progressives in office we too can set
the agenda and set a new day in America
where we fix this broken justice system
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
