all the sudden here comes Cynthia Nixon
she's not only a well-known actress who
was in Sex in the City but she is a
progressive activist and cares about the
corruption in government and is now
going to take on Andrew Cuomo who is
more of an establishment Democrat and
the current governor of New York this
ought to be a very interesting race I'm
gonna show you a video that she put out
when she announced her candidacy then I
want to tell you about of course
immediate attacks against her including
one person claiming she's an unqualified
lesbian and yes that person is a
Democrat so we'll get to all that but
first watch the video
New York is where I was raised and where
we're raising my kids I'm a proud public
school graduate and a prouder public
school parent our leaders are letting us
down we are now the most unequal state
in the entire country
with both incredible wealth and extreme
poverty we want our government to work
again on health care ending mass
incarceration fixing our broken subway
we are sick of politicians who care more
about headlines and power than they do
about us it can't just be business as
usual anymore if we're gonna get at the
root problem of inequity we have to turn
the system upside down
we have to go out ourselves and seize it
this is a time to stick our necks out to
remember where we came from this is a
time to be visible this is a time to
fight
I'm Cynthia Nixon I'm a New Yorker
and together we can win this fight
this is a time to fight mmm I like that
kind of talk so here we go here's more
what she said and I think if you're a
progressive out there you're gonna like
a lot of this she said we hear all the
time about how the big-money interests
controlled DC but if Washington is a
swamp then Albany is a cesspool Andrew
Cuomo promised to clean up Albany but
instead he and his cronies have cleaned
up for themselves there's a reason why
people close to Cuomo keep winding up
under indictment for corruption damn
shots fired
so the reason I like Nixon's campaign
one she's deeply progressive far more so
than Cuomo and - she's not a washing
money she's gonna explain in a sense
corporate money donor money big donor
money and three she's not playing she's
coming out swinging immediately this is
not a soft campaign she came with a
two-by-four so she goes on to say New
York's eight years older Cuomo
administration have been an exercise in
living with disappointment dysfunction
and dishonesty our state could be a
place where every single New Yorker has
what we need to thrive if only we could
stop our governor from selling New York
off to the highest bidder another elbow
from the sky she's not anywhere near
done she's got some great quotes and of
course immediately standard politicians
in New York attack one of the people
that tenure is Christine Quinn now
Christine Quinn is both a Cuomo
supporter and also is a little bit
bitter about what went down in the
mayoral race where Cynthia Nixon
supported de Blasio over Quinn and now
Quinn is also part of the LGBT community
so understand that as you hear this
quote she says Cynthia Nixon was opposed
to having a qualified lesbian become
mayor of New York City now she wants to
be an unqualified lesbian to be the
governor of New York you have to be
qualified and have experience she isn't
qualified to be the governor okay that
is not going to help matters and of
course Quinn had to backpedal out of
that because I don't know why you're
bringing up the issue of Cynthia Nixon
being a lesbian
and and part of it is because honestly
it's because she was bitter she's like
why don't you support me what I'm algae
BT well there's a very very good reason
because she's not playing identity
politics Cynthia Nixon supported the
most progressive person in the race and
the person who wound up winning de
Blasio now well that turned out to be a
smart bet and and more importantly the
correct one the one that the person who
is going to stand up for progresses most
I know a lot of establishment Democrats
are obsessed with identity politics but
for real progressives we judge people
based on what they actually do and then
if you notice the second part of it she
focuses on how she isn't qualified to be
governor you need a lot of experience
it's a Hillary Clinton type argument and
it's the argument that establishment
makes all the time I've been empowered
taking all this donor money for all
these years so I have the experience in
the system you have experience in a
corrupt system we're not interested in
that experience we're interested in
change
Quinn went on to say why are we having
this primary Democrats should be united
and focused on winning control to state
Senate and taking back the House of
Representatives well here's a couple of
reasons we're having the primary because
one we live in a democracy and that's
how things work and and there are a lot
of progressives who don't think andrew
cuomo's nearly progressive enough he
hasn't barely done anything to get money
out of politics is a good argument to be
made that he has behind the scenes
buried attempts to get money out of
politics and she says what we should be
focused on in electing Democrats well
that's the whole point there's an
excellent argument to be made that
Andrew Cuomo was in favor of the
Democrats who turned over and started
work with the Republicans to give them a
republic as a majority in New York State
and so if you want to get rid of those
guys you might want to get rid of andrew
Cuomo too but of course Christine Quinn
doesn't mention any of that because
she's opposed to Blasio and one of the
lackeys for Andrew Cuomo said the Nixon
shot back her being a lesbian am I being
a lesbian is not the issue she went on
to say the race is about the quote
corruption in Albany it's time for an
cider I and I'm not an Albany insider an
issue out that Cuomo had gotten nearly
all of us thirty million dollars in
donations from corporate and special
interests and virtually none from small
donors and grassroots supporters Quinn
feeling the heat had to backpedal and
put out this tweet to be clear Cynthia
X's identity has no bearing on her
canvassing it was not my intention to
suggest that it did I want to be clear
about that I would never ever criticize
someone because of their identity look
honestly I believe her I don't think
that Christine Quinn I think was in a
moment of anger a included that meaning
you didn't have my back I don't think
she meant it like you being a lesbian is
somehow a bad thing that would be
totally irrational and so I don't
believe that Quinn meant it in that way
but I do believe that she meant that yes
the establishment has more experience
and you have no business in the race and
that I object to deeply Nixon went on to
say we want our government to work again
on health care and a mass incarceration
and fixing our broken subway so local
issues as well as incredibly important
progressive issues that Cuomo has not
addressed now currently of course as
usual the establishment media going Tut
no of course you won't be able to be
dangerous he is thirty million dollars
bravo Bravo for being the most corrupt
of the race and and let's be realistic
about the polls that Israel Nixon
currently pulls down 19% of the vote
with incumbent Cuomo at 66 percent let
me tell you something consider there
Nixon beat Andrew Cuomo definitely the
number one problem that progressive
upstarts have when they challenge
establishment Democrats his name
recognition in the case of Cynthia Nixon
check or passed that once you get past
that we got a ball game
66 19 sounds daunting but remember when
Bernie Sanders first started it was 63%
Hillary Clinton 3% Bernie Sanders he
closed a 60 point lead now he had about
a year to do it she has less time but
she also has way
more name recognition a lot of the media
will be paying attention to what she
said she's coming into the race
breathing fire which means she'll make a
lot of headlines and 66 19 it's actually
not a bad start at all for a person
who's never been involved in politics to
start at 19 percent that is a good base
I guess what the establishment media
calls a popular governor of andrew Cuomo
I don't believe he's popular with
progressives at all so here comes Nixon
in this case thank God a wonderfully
progressive Nixon if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
get home like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
