I would say two tactics have been the
most powerful for me because I have the
same brain as everybody else I'm I have
a major sweet tooth and I am also prone
to over consuming these foods when
they're when they get put in front of me
but something that has worked really
well for me and I recognize this very
early on is that if I don't taste it I'm
good if I don't have that first bite I'm
totally fine but the minute I have that
bite I'm gonna have six buttons once you
have just one there you go yeah I mean
it's like that that Pringles slogan once
you pop you can't stop
that's a truism with scientific backing
that's not just marketing lingo the
other new u2l what they knew too well
exactly
the other thing is that I you know when
shopping you have to realize that what
you put in your shopping cart is as good
as in your stomach so I tend not to buy
foods that I know are hyper palatable so
I tend to shop around the perimeter of
the supermarket not through the aisles
which is where processed foods usually
lie in wait and I stick to foods that
are that can go bad
