Cambridge analytic Oh was a firm the
Donald Trump used during the 2016
election they bragged about how they
could do psychographic information on
people in social media especially on
Facebook and how they could use it to
turn out voters and there's good reason
believe that they did do that and that
it was at least somewhat successful and
obviously Donald Trump won and he spent
a fraction of the money that Hillary
Clinton did on media but he spent it
largely on Facebook and digital media
which turned out to be a far more savvy
move now it turns out there is a
significant problem with that it looks
like Cambridge analytical did not
acquire that information legally oh boy
so New York Times was a huge story on
this first they explain the background
the firm had secured a fifteen million
dollar investment from Robert Mercer the
wealthy Republican donor and wouldest
political adviser Steven K Bannon
with the promise of tools that could
identify the personalities of American
voters and influence their behavior now
at the time they did that they actually
didn't have those tools so they had to
get them in in a hurry and they wound up
securing them but again not in a way
that apparently is legal so let's give
you more background the firm harvested
private information from the Facebook
profiles of more than 50 million users
without their permission
according to former Cambridge employees
associates and documents making it one
of the largest data leaks in the social
networks history the breach allowed the
company to exploit the private social
media activity of a huge swath of
American electorate developing
techniques that under pendous work on
president Trump's campaign in 2016 so
it's one thing if you've got legal
access to Facebook and and you use that
in the campaigns that's perfectly
acceptable in fact I think that it's
pretty smart but when you illegally get
the information of 50 million users then
we've got a massive problem their CEO is
a guy named nix well let's talk about
that background mr. nicks and his
colleagues quartered mr. Mercer who
believed the sophisticated data company
could make him a kingmaker in Republican
politics and his daughter Rebecca who
shared his conservative views mr. bannon
who was
treated by the possibility of using
personality profiling to shift America's
culture and rewires politics recalled
mr. Wiley and other former employees now
Wiley is the guy who is now giving
information about this he left in early
2015 but he said they were already
talking to people like Corey Lewandowski
and about running a campaign for the
Trump team even before he announced this
can to see and they were looking to
shift the culture through this
propaganda campaign as early as that he
was one of the founders while he was and
he had worked on Obama's campaign and
and eventually grew disgusted with how
Cambridge analytical was using the
information and and later of course they
acquired it in illegal ways that's a
different problem and a huge problem for
them presently I want to show you Robert
and Rebecca Mercer they are the ones
that are funny that gave thirteen
million dollars to Ted Cruz's campaign
initially this information was supposed
to help Ted Cruz but it turned out
nothing could help Ted Cruz and then
they switched over and gave a tremendous
amount of money to Donald Trump later
when Breitbart get in trouble for asking
neo-nazis what the alt-right agenda
should be and then publishing it Robert
Mercer pretended to step away from
Breitbart and Steve Bannon and he said
no no no no my hands are clean now who
would you give your interest to that I
mean because you had a big interest in
Breitbart - oh I gave it to a Rebecca
Mercer well that's funny so she now owns
that interest in Breitbart they still
own cambridge anna lilla it's a little
bit more complicated because they've set
up shell corporations because of another
illegalities which I'm going to tell you
about in a second and let me show you
another picture this is Trump's
inauguration there's that same Rebecca
Mercer was the vannin and Kellyanne
Conway and with it was the Mercer's who
introduced Bannon and Conway to Donald
Trump so they are the guys behind the
curtain okay Christopher Wiley explains
for the guys running Cambridge
analytical and their conservative
colleagues he said rules don't matter
for them for them this is a war and it's
all fair now you're gonna see some
shocking video of
those owners of cambridge anna luca now
and the CEO i should say that channel 4
in the UK has uncovered in just a little
bit i'm going to show that to you and
you'll see that boy does he meanoh when
he says all is fair when they are going
to do their dirty tricks while he also
says they want to fight a culture war in
america cambridge analytical was
supposed to be the arsenal of weapons to
fight that cultural war and it is clear
from Banias intentions that that is
exactly what they were trying to do and
what they have done in a lot of ways so
new york times explains interviews with
half a dozen former employees and
contractors and a review of the firm's
emails and documents have revealed that
cambridge not only relied on private
facebook data but still possesses most
or all of the trove they say oh no no we
got rid of that a long time ago not
remotely true according to the insiders
and the documents that were obtained
while mr. nix has told lawmakers that
his company does not have the facebook
data a former employee said that he had
recently seen hundreds of gigabytes on
Cambridge servers the files were not
even encrypted
okay so Cambridge analytical lying why
they would never Cambridge paid to
acquire the personal information through
an outside researcher who facebook says
claimed to be collecting it for academic
purposes but of course it was not for
academic purposes and they wound up
accessing the private information of 50
million users Facebook vice-president
paul grove all put out a statement after
New York Times continually asked about
this issue he said that they have
concluded this was a scam and a fraud so
it is true Cambridge analytic Adid run a
scam on Facebook he added that the
company was suspending Cambridge
analytic Oh mr. Wylie even though he's
now giving information about Cambridge
analytic oh and the researcher alexander
Cogan a Russian American academic from
Facebook he's the one that originally
designed the app that gave them access
to this information they shouldn't have
zenner next the chief executive of
Cambridge analytical and other officials
had repeatedly denied obtaining or using
Facebook data most recently during a
parliamentary hearing just last month
but in a statement to the times the
company acknowledged that it had
acquired the data though blamed mr.
Cogan for violating Facebook's rules and
said it had deleted in from the
information as soon as it learned of the
problem two years ago but as I just
explained to you according to insiders
at the company and the documents that
they have that is not the case they did
not delete the information that is now
added on top of all the other lies that
Cambridge analytic I had been caught in
so now back to the issue of other
illegal illegal actions taken in the
United States mr. Marsh's daughter
Rebecca a board member mr. Bannon and
mr. Nix received warnings from their
Lord that it was illegal to employ
foreigners and political campaigns
according to company documents and
former employees and apparently those
warnings were not heeded they used
alexander nix who is british on these
campaigns later they would claim oh no
we even though he's been bragging all
across media for over a year now about
how they won trumped election oh he had
nothing to do with the campaign and
there are other employees from the UK
from the European Union from Canada they
claim no no no it was our American
employees exclusively that worked on
those are not those look I'm less
concerned about that illegalities
but it is an illegal 'ti so it is one
they're gonna have to grapple with I'm
much more concerned about invading our
privacy and using that information
illegally but both are matters that are
important and I want to be clear the guy
who designed the app was a Russian
American that he is not at issue here it
is the the citizens of other countries
that are at issue for that particular
violation so now let me go to the
channel for exclusive on this because it
is a whopper so this comes from the UK
and they have CEO Alexander Nixon we've
been telling you about explaining to
undercover reporter all the dirty tricks
they do in other campaigns across the
world watch
développé I'm a master of disguise yes
allows money to super candidates which
finances campaign in exchange plans
slamacow face of our guide on the
Facebook or YouTube or something like
this extended sensitive girls around to
Kandi's house for example you're saying
the girls to introduce to the using the
girls yes very beautiful you find that
that works very well so not only are
they talking about bribes blackmail
extortion but they also talk about
bringing in Ukrainian prostitutes to get
their political wishes but these guys
I'm sure they wouldn't do anything that
wasn't above board right well I'm gonna
go back to Wiley here cuz he appeared on
The Today Show and he said why they went
on to explain how Cambridge analytic are
used an idea called informational
dominance that bombard users quote with
a web of disinformation
he also said there's a company that
really took fake news to the next level
by pairing it with algorithms and so
that leads to the final clip from
channel 4 here in there a multi-party
investigation of Cambridge analytical
let's watch it has to happen without
anyone taking that's propaganda
the moment you see that's propaganda the
next question is you just put that out
yes so you have to be very sucky so he
says we have to do the propaganda but we
have to be subtle about it so they don't
realize this propaganda and they don't
realize where it came from well the
people who put the money up it's 15
million bucks from the Mercer's that's
where it came from the guy who helped to
hire this firm Steve ban and that's
where it came from Cambridge analytical
that's where it came from now we know so
final quote from you guy from Cambridge
analytical here in denying and the
undeniable those tapes they say we
entirely refute any allegation at
Cambridge analytic or any of its
affiliates use entrapment bribes or
so-called honey traps for any purpose
whatsoever all the things you just saw
them say to an undercover reporter using
prostitutes to try to entrap politicians
is called a honey trap and they say we
routinely undertake conversations with
prospective clients to try to tease out
any unethical or illegal intentions no
no no no we were saying all those
illegal things to try to see if we can
capture them having any illegal
intentions well did you turn them in no
then when were you gonna spring that
trap on him or perhaps just like we can
see with our own eyes it was you who had
illegal intentions and clearly stated it
on that camera that you didn't know was
there but you did think it was a client
and you told that client you were
willing to do all of those illegal
things
that's who Trump's team was if you liked
this video bless your heart we got a lot
more where that came from we do a full
show every day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
