we've got more UFO footage I showed you
on the program
UFO footage of the past that I'm about a
month two months ago or so new one out
now these are not random dudes in the
backyard going I saw something it had
beautiful hair and six fingers no it's
the United States military so and
they've it's not just well a guy in the
military is more credible no they
capture it on the the video of the plane
so let's watch it together
and that's the United States military
pilots go what the hell is that thing so
it might be that the Chinese and the
Russian if Russians have come up with
something that we are not anywhere near
copying technologically or I don't I
don't know what the or is but let me
give you more details as that Maz on how
post explains the organization knows
that the object has no wings or tail and
leaves no exhaust plume that is not
something that we are normally familiar
with on planet Earth
so who's this organization that's
getting all these leaked videos from the
Pentagon well let me tell you about that
to the Stars Academy of Arts and Science
was founded by Tom DeLonge the rock star
formerly of blink-182 and currently in
the band Angels and Airwaves
but other co-founders include Jim semi
van formerly a senior intelligence
member of the CIA and Hal put off who
has advised NASA and the Defense
Department so this is not the only video
they have they have plenty of other
videos from the Pentagon here's the
older video just from a couple months
ago that they released
there's a whole fleet of a look on the
SI but guy all going against the wind I
went to Hudson point Hobbs OS all
painted
is it it's rotated so they couldn't
figure out how it rotated like and man I
don't know either somebody else on this
plan it's got much better technology
than we do or again I don't know what
the war is
