several members of trumps administration
have been caught spending a considerable
amount of taxpayer money on nonsense we
can't forget Tom Price who had to resign
after he was found to spend nine hundred
thousand dollars on airfare in a mere
seven months but now we have a bunch of
other examples that I think the American
people should know about so for instance
Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke
spent one hundred thirty nine thousand
dollars on three sets of doors those
must have been the best doors made of
the best solid wood imaginable like well
you know what maybe those are the same
kind of doors that Trump wants to test
out for his wall because you remember he
said I mean every beautiful door sees
any stinky secretary the interior the
door faces the interior he's the
secretary of the interior design okay so
I'm obsessed with interior design
there's no way those doors cost up at
like a total of a hundred thirty nine
thousand dollars there's no way unless
those were the largest doors made of the
the most luxurious wood and maybe they
had to do construction in the doorway in
order to accommodate the doors it just
doesn't make sense $139,000 or six of
them let's be fixed doors okay three
sets of dice okay but no I there's a
real reason by the way so it's not the
that he wanted his doors to smell of
rich mahogany its that both him and
Pruitt who got a phone booth that I
think you're gonna tell us about it a
little bit later
what secrecy so they want to make sure
that no sound gets out gee I wonder why
because you know when you're doing above
the board deals you care a lot about
sound leaking from your office right
know when you've got the donors in and
you're saying thank you for the
legalized bribe now what can I do for
you and cutting shady deals
then you need doors with tremendous
soundproofing to make sure nobody here
so even with the soundproofing not
buying it just not buying it of course
yeah well I'll give you some other
examples and Jenk quickly mentioned this
Scott Pruett spent forty three thousand
dollars on a phone booth
I don't know what that means either so
like he just did you want to go retro
and I think it's for his magic act I
think there's an assistant in there it's
probably an exotic animal
I got a different theory I like all our
theory its cosplay he dresses it dresses
up as Superman but doesn't one let
people know and and and every afternoon
he's like I can't imagine Superman he's
got to be the evildoer yeah yeah babies
for Lex Luthor dress-up date but again
you know seriousness that phone booth
makes no sense in the year 2017 unless
you need a place to make phone calls
where no one can hear you and scalp
roots also the guy that is in the news
today because he won't reveal his
meetings with people that come into his
office because he's worried you might
find out the deals that he's making
right look and and by the way of course
you look at these numbers and they seem
ridiculous but when you look at the
grand scheme of things and how much
money our government spends in taxpayer
dollars it doesn't seem like it's much
it's just a drop in the bucket but the
point is these are the same people who
will turn around and talk about cutting
entitlement spending right by the way
there are entitlements because we've
paid into them with our taxpayer money
they talk about cutting those
entitlements and then this stereotype on
the right wing is that people don't want
to work people are wasteful with their
money they're irresponsible I mean you
don't think $42,000.00 sort of phone
booth is irresponsible or $139,000 on
three sets of doors and then this is
this is my personal favorite Secretary
of Housing and Urban Development ben
Carson spent $31,000 to order a new
dining-room set so the back story to
this is even more fascinating
so the HUD office had a dining room set
that was old admittedly it was from 1988
and Wow I thought it was a like it was
from Andrew Jackson around 88 I was 88
Jack Kemp was the secretary of HUD
former NFL players yeah but you know
what I mean
I saw photos of it okay okay I get it
they do need a new dining room set I get
it but okay so $31,000 for a dining room
set seems outrageously expensive I I
don't I don't buy it
I don't think dining room sets cost that
much I don't care how nice and luxurious
it it is but when Ben Carson was asked
about this he was like I didn't I had no
part of this I didn't even know about it
I I didn't play any role in picking out
how did that get there
and then emails revealed that he and his
wife chose this dining Reza I personally
chose he and that's what isn't fair to
ben corson
he might have been asleep when he wrote
this old ratty table
yeah I mean this is that's the best and
the worst one because it's the best
because I mean when you compare it to
one hundred and thirty nine thousand
dollars for doors this is gonna be used
everyday they didn't need a new dining
set of course thirty-one thousands of
Cerne it's government money but it's
also the worst because he just lied he
just plain lied about what what happened
so we're gonna get the manage it in a
second but I can't get off a Ben Carson
from Siam okay because I so look I
actually think the $31,000 dining room
table I don't know man look if if my
wife said hey would you like to buy a
xxx okay but I get it were a family and
and they're it's a government office and
I get presumably larger and I'm not
freaked out by the $31,000 and they
waste so much money there's probably a
$31,000 ham or somewhere in the Pentagon
right and and I think that you're right
that the lying about it is a bigger
problem but but the a lot of times the
press like focuses on this stuff but one
and a half trillion dollars in tax cuts
for the rich is
is the rich the media the media is not
like us okay they're not like us where
we're making you know not with anchors
on CNN and MSNBC nor whatever they're
making a lot more money that's only
that's only a handful of they're only a
handful of people in the media making a
ton of money they're writers and
watchdogs and and you know then you know
we you hear Donald Trump yeah talk about
the media and he says look at these
elite rich wealthy everyone in the media
room listening to was looking like
really you know you're right I'm glad
that you mentioned that distinction
because in in print I
there was definitely great reporting
about those tax cuts and how unpopular
they were how disastrous they were how
was a huge handout to the wealthy but
you don't see the same type of reporting
on television and and think about what
these television or who these television
networks are owned by which corporations
they're owned by they don't want that
kind of reporting so that's why they
report on the minor-league corruption
and it's a bit it's both good to point
it out and also a bit of a distraction
and look I think we're logically
consistent we point out both and we
point out the the you know the donations
to the politicians being far far worse
because it and he in fact here let me
give you a number that's amazing so and
talk about the scale the real problem in
a five year period between 2010 and 2015
the top 200 corporations that spent
money in trying to influence politicians
spend 5.8 billion dollars that's a lot
of money it's the top 200 corporations
it doesn't even count all of them right
5.8 billion you know how much they got
back from the government and subsidies
handouts etc four point four trillion
dollars so that's that's the legalized
bribery and so us being looking at a
couple of doors in and dining room
tables it's important to point out but
it's not nearly as important as a four
point four trillion dollars that walked
out the building because we allow
bribery in this country I know but just
juxtapose a dining room set to food
stamps for the needy to make sure that
kids have food on their plate they don't
have everything right yeah I'm sorry
guys this is such a good point because
in the same week Ben Carson put out a
statement saying hey look people got to
pick themselves up whether
traps because he runs Housing and Urban
Development he's supposed to help people
with housing right and he's like no no
he was worried that they would get they
had to be weaned off the government dole
right on the government dole he just
bought a $31,000 dining room table
another reason why to be fair to the
media that focuses on it by the way
including us we're doing this story is
that it's easier to relate to hold a
dining room table that it is a four
point four trillion dollars in crony
capitalism yeah but the poll yourself I
mean this personal responsibility
narrative is such a joke these people
are children with monopoly money we
taxpayers you don't create these fat
coffers for them that they just go and
you know it's it's a mandate mandating
the bootstrapper as opposed to teaching
how to bootstrap are two different
things and when you hear somebody like
Ben Carson say it it's I mean it's kind
of hysterical in his position now right
there he's totally unqualified so now we
get a minuchin yes and so he spent nine
hundred ninety five thousand dollars on
eight military jet trips since taking
office and last February so they
crunched the numbers on that and turns
out he spent two thousand five hundred
and seven dollars per day since he's
taken office on just err far right and
these are not commercial flights these
are obviously private jets and the
reason so he was questioned about that
he said the reason why he refuses to fly
commercial is because he needs privacy
in order to discuss national security
matters with Trump this is the Treasury
secretary there's and he's discussing
national scene by the way Trump doesn't
want to be briefed on national security
second so show us the phone logs right
of how many times he's spoken to Trump
from an airport and that from a military
airplane I mean because I can't imagine
it maybe ever and if there's an
emergency you don't I mean it was in
something we wrote or I read earlier
they you know call like Oh get me
minuchin the country's uh you know about
to explode right
I love that potential conversation we've
got trouble in Waziristan get minuchin
on the line why would you call the
Treasury secretary about a national
security issue like that and what are
the chances that Donald Trump knows
where was zero station good time before
you to top it done we're talking about
finances I'm Louise slaughter the eldest
member of the House of Representatives
died today a congresswoman from upstate
New York Rochester area born in Kentucky
so she was from Rochester and she had a
thick southern accent she wrote the
stock act and the stock act is the act
that that made it illegal for members of
Congress to trade on information they
had that they got to protect consumers
from not having that unfair advantage so
it all plays into this there are people
in Washington working to stop this stuff
they just don't have voices that are
loud and then she was telling me she was
the first woman to run the Rules
Committee one of the most one of the
most powerful committee in Congress a
pretty pretty cool lady and the Trump
administration in a previous story we
did is gutting the stock so of course
and last thing on this I'm amazed by
their lack of conscience uh I guess I
shouldn't be there it's minuchin you
know he's the the one that took
advantage of the the economic crash to
profit off the foreclosures and you
worked at Goldman Sachs long period of
time it said he's the globalist
financial elite guy that Trump was
talking about during the campaign I mean
they're like him and his wife or like
comic book villains you know down to
their outfits etc but it doesn't occur
to him that hey charging the taxpayer
nine hundred and ninety five thousand
dollars for eight trips eight eight
trips Treasury one person who should
know when you're wasting money and being
stupid with money right the one American
right and they do it anyway because they
have no regard for you if you liked this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
