there is a Senate candidate that I want
to inform you about he is a libertarian
and is likely to win the the endorsement
of the Libertarian Party in his state
his name is Bryan Ellison and he is
planning on challenging Democratic
incumbent debbie Stabenow and he says
that homeless people are constantly
victims of violent crime which is true
and it's it's heartwarming and
encouraging to hear that there's someone
who wants to do something about this
right but he thinks that the best
solution is to provide them with
firearms okay as if they were teachers
all right so let me give you the details
of his proposal and he's being serious
at first I thought maybe maybe this was
a joke but no he's being serious so
let's go to graphic 17 he says frankly I
think the ideal weapon would be a pistol
but due to the licensing requirements in
the state we're going to have a hard
enough time getting homeless people
shotguns as it is so he specifically
wants to provide them with shotguns
because the licensing requirements are a
little more laxed when it comes to these
shotguns now Ellison said he and his
team would aim to prequalify homeless
people who wanted shotguns and redeemed
suitable candidates to own them so
there's the issue of providing the guns
right but then where do they get the
ammunition for these guns well Allison's
always thinking he did think about this
and he realized that they would provide
these individuals with a limited amount
of bullets and if they are caught using
those bullets to shoot cans or anything
other than someone who is posing a risk
or a threat then they would no longer
give them bullets okay they're gonna get
five or six shell magazines first let's
note for the record that this has a very
stable genius so but you're gonna get
five or six shell magazines and he's
like now if they run out of them
defending themselves and we'll give them
more bullets really they're gonna shoot
five or six people and they're like my
god okay
skyy I mean he to be fair he used to
where he fired twice in one time so
three people are dead now finally we can
give the guy new bullets because he used
them well right and he says that he
settled on pump-action shotguns for
practicality purposes because how else
would a homeless person kill someone if
he didn't pump action rice
shotgun yeah so again it has more to do
with the licensing requirements of the
state so if you have a pistol you have
to get it licensed and in order to get
it licensed you need to have an address
and if you're homeless you don't have an
address
so he's like he's actually thought
through some details and she's amazing
also said he's going to sort of pull
them out to see if it's something they
want cuz doesn't want to force it on
them he said that's right he said they
will not be forced to carry shot well
thank you we appreciate so he's gonna go
among the homeless a he guys want guns I
mean I just want to go back to what
Michael said look this is we're at a
place now where look of course he cares
I think that's fantastic this is total
madness teachers being armed it's not a
solution every statistic shows us that
when you put the gun in the person's
hands you increase their risk of death
or injury but I mean you're basically
throwing fuel on the problem exactly and
let me also bring up another thing so
you know these are homeless people
they're unfortunately living on the
street what happens when they're asleep
and their weapon is they're like who's
gonna prevent another person from
obtaining that weapon illegally and I
mean this is terrible idea
eating their dogs for alcohol or drug
money selling their gun right you know
they're gonna go through the proper
registration to to sell the gun right or
are they just gonna say this is my
private gun show it roll up hole yeah
okay so one more quote from candidate
Ellison he says are you worried about
the police being armed with military
weapons I am the world we live in is a
scary world where the police who used to
dress in short-sleeved shirts and carry
a revolver now have long rifles with
scopes and bulletproof vests and armored
vehicles and quite frankly that scares
me much more than a
homeless person trying to defend
themselves with a shotgun I think you
can be scared of both terrified both
just putting more guns into society yeah
so look I want to be clear bus on me I
don't even think this Elson guys has bad
intent no war is a bad guy overall I
look he says a lot of things that are
interesting you see so worried about
over militaries in the cops he is a
libertarian so he thinks were doing too
much foreign intervention I looked into
him okay and he cares about minority
civil rights those are all wonderful
things but he genuinely believes that
the answer is always a gun right is some
sort of weapon and so like it like we
care about the homeless intensely and so
we think maybe a home food right I don't
say that just like flippantly Utah Salt
Lake City actually got built homes for
the homeless and found that it was
incredibly cost efficient it solved a
lot of their medical problems it solved
a lot of the services that you would
normally have to provide and it's like
this counterintuitive idea of like their
homeless
why don't we give them home and it
turned out to be genius other places are
trying homes to cut down on an emergency
room costs etc providing some funding
for rentals etc so there's so many
different ways to transit but let's also
be realistic and we talked about this a
lot a lot of the homeless are mentally
ill they didn't choose to be there they
just have an issue and it's and but they
also have rights and it's really
complicated and you want to help them
but you want to respect their rights etc
but they'll I think the very last thing
you want to do to help mentally ill
homeless people is to give them a weapon
because I saw on a bit selfishly to be
honest like the idea walking in LA's
downtown or in San Francisco with you
know homeless people with shotguns does
not sound good to me I'm keeping it real
on that but you guys made a good point
that they're actually more likely to
hurt themselves because that's actually
what happens when people own guns Sarah
made the point she's right I 500 people
die every single year in America from
accidental
shot wounds to give you a sense of
context this is amazing all gun homicide
gun guests in Japan combined even if you
tripled our population to equal ours is
only 39 whereas we have 500 deaths every
year from just accidents let alone
homicides and suicides which is over
30,000 if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
