members of the white house and
individuals in the Trump administration
are going to extreme lengths to cover up
certain meetings that they're having
they're not being very transparent about
the meetings they take and the types of
topics they discuss but a recent lawsuit
revealed that Scott Pruett had been
meeting with a coal executive who had
raised over 1 million dollars for
Trump's campaign back in 2016 his name
is Steve Chancellor and he is the CEO of
white stallion energy so here's what we
know so far first of all the Sierra Club
really came through with ensuring that
we had access to this information
records obtained by the Sierra Club
through a Freedom of Information lawsuit
against the EPA show that Stephen
Chancellor CEO of white stallion Energy
met with Pruit on May 22nd of 2017 for a
courtesy call an introductory meeting
which is fascinating I feel as though
they might have already met but okay now
a Chancellor petitioned the EPA back in
December of 2016
asking the agency to soften a rule
designed to curb pollution that floats
across state lines the EPA has not yet
responded to his petition or any of
those regarding the update the agency
confirmed now keep in mind that he has
been Chancellor has been an avid
supporter of Trump he hosted a $10,000
per couple fundraiser with Trump Mike
Pence and Rudy Giuliani back in August
of 2016
and he said that he had raised north of
1 million dollars he later attended
Trump's inauguration where he was
spotted shaking hands with pence in fact
we have that video for you just to show
you what that scene was like so these
are all buddies these are all people who
very clearly want to deregulate the
energy or the coal industry as much as
possible and it's something that the
Trump administration and the EPA
specifically seems willing to do he
looks like he's from Vegas he does
magic right for money
voila your democracy's gun so in another
rule that we find out through this story
is that conservatives must name things
with either the word white or the word
black Guinea and his previous company
was Black Beauty coal right both black
beauty ok Black Stallion tan he calls
this a white stone so he likes
children's game ok well that's one way
of looking at it
ok so there's there's a couple of angles
to this story one is the secretive
nature of the meetings so if you were
doing nothing wrong you there's no
reason why you wouldn't tell people who
you're meeting with including business
interests so if you're if I was running
the EPA and imagine that for a moment
would I meet with business people no
shun them no of course I would I just
meet with environmental groups I'd meet
with business groups I'd meet with
citizens and I and I try to have a well
balanced policy that takes all that
Indiantown and I wouldn't hide it
because that'd be a normal thing to do
so why is Pruett hiding it it's not like
we don't know that Pruett is meeting
with business interests what he doesn't
want you to know is the specific
business interests he's meeting with
that have given specific donations to
Donald Trump and other Republicans
because it's embarrassing because it
shows you the actual game that's being
played so now this guy has given a lot
before he also had given raise over a
$310,000 George HW Bush so going all the
way back there raised more than a
million dollars from Mitt Romney and the
list goes on now he doesn't raise money
for those guys because he thinks Cole's
really good for your health and and
these guys would be Pro health and he
just cares so much about America and
charity that he's doing this no he comes
in with a very very specific request my
industries pollute the rivers in the
waters and and the air and and I would
like that pollution to be able to float
into your state ok so I want to
deregulate this specific thing so I can
make more
and I believe that my the money that I
spent on politicians is gonna get me a
great return on investment so I give you
a million bucks you deregulate their
thereby I don't have to do any of the
safety stuff that is me millions upon
millions of dollars the reason the
business interests give money to people
like Scott Pruett and Donald Trump is
because they make more money by
capturing the government this is how our
democracy dies yes I have to say the
Scott proof just his name at any its it
basically becomes the environmental
pollution agency its EPA it doesn't
stand for protection right it doesn't I
mean this is a person who sued the EPA
himself right repeatedly to make sure
none of the protect exactly what you're
talking about Jen so I just sort of feel
like the fact that he's you know in this
position I'm not surprised at any Vegas
types that are you know kind of coming
in for the spoils because they're all
available now in fact you're funny you
should measure that one of the other
folks that Pruitt is meeting with is
investors connected with Republican mega
donor of Sheldon Adelson who is runs a
lot of Vegas casinos he's a billionaire
yeah yeah and and puts a ton of money
into the Republican pockets and he also
is the person that everyone was running
for office on a federal level and as a
Republican wants to get in good favor
with he's proved it is supposed to be
setting himself up to run for the Senate
I mean this is all taking place in
Indiana he's from Oklahoma James Inhofe
is you know ancient and probably will
not run again in 2020 maybe that's the
seed he wants but the Republican needs
to raise $7 in Oklahoma to win the
Senate race yeah but Adelson gives
sometimes twenty five million dollars at
a time yes we just have an open auction
right now for four seeds so so if you're
in good with Adelson or or even Stephen
Chancellor who gives them you know can
raise a million dollars at a time
winning your seat in Senate seat in
Oklahoma gets a lot easier although I do
like what Michaels saying about Inhofe
retiring but from your about to God's
ears well enough retiring to get to make
way for
no no Jomo we've had a lot of Democrats
with special election that's true I'm
not I'm not arguing I'm just I'm just
saying that if scott pruett is so well
financed in Oklahoma Republicans tend to
do well they're better there than any
state in the country so one other person
that he met with that I found amusing is
he met with a group Family Research
Council you know led by Tony Perkins
okay wait this is the EPA so I mean
maybe the Education Department although
I don't want them anywhere near the
Education Department but I don't like
the EPA why are we meeting with a big
family about so-called Family Values
guys who now because they support from
hate Family Values okay but like wait
how does hitting gay people have
anything to do with environmental
protection I don't and that goes to
Michael's point he's not actually
running the EPA he's running for Senate
he's trying to find all these different
donors and allies for his own purposes
and listen I have to add something else
to that very quickly it Scott Pruett it
has been said now has there were rumors
that he was going to become Attorney
General should Jeff Sessions step down
it has now been widely reported that
those rumors began with Scott Pruett so
he's been floating his name as the heir
to the sessions attorney general seats
should trump as some are predicting fire
jeff Sessions
so apparently John Kelly had to call him
and tell him coolant we got it you're
the one and you're in it for yourself
which given John Kelly's boss is a
hilarious and I like the euphemism
they're using for these meetings with
enormous donors it was a courtesy call
yeah well I mean to be fair but dude
gives you a million bucks you do over
the courtesy of a call and that's
exactly what's wrong with this system
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks home of the revolution if you'd
like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
