Donald Trump is feeling increasingly
angry and unprotected in the White House
now not unprotected in the sense that
the Secret Service is doing their job
Donald Trump's not fearing that anything
bad is going to happen to him that way
he feels unprotected from his own staff
unprotected from the people that he has
surrounded himself with by his own
choice I mean he chose everybody that's
working around him but now he realizes
that he can't trust any of them because
as of right now they still haven't found
out who wrote that op-ed from inside the
White House add to that Bob Woodward's
book which has already now sold over a
million copies and you get a really
freaked out President of the United
States which is what we're dealing with
right now or at least that's what the
Washington Post told us earlier this
week and from what we've seen from the
previs of president in terms of his
behavior I think we can 100% agree with
that this man is not behaving rationally
he's not behaving normally and his lies
the frequency with which he lies is
actually increasing by the week because
he's so freaked out and he doesn't know
what to do who to turn to or where to go
now The Washington Post article that I
referenced talks about this talks about
trumping angry being more isolated
feeling unprotected and it's not just
their speculation either members current
and former of the Trump administration
have also confirmed this one of them
happens to be Steve Bannon Steve Bannon
has admitted that Trump right now is
afraid he is scared he is confused he
doesn't know who to trust and when you
add all those things together and you
get a president an already unhinged guy
like Trump who's now even angrier even
more desperate even more isolated that
is a bad combination those are things
that we actually don't want to be
happening to this guy right now of
course that's only because we don't want
him to do something drastic tweet us
into a war go drop some bombs and kill
some civilians we don't want that
kind of reaction from him but at the
same time there's no sympathy for this
man at all because the reason he's
feeling this way is not just about that
op-ed or the Woodward book it's because
he understands that the walls of these
investigations all of them are closing
in on him he's learned in just the last
10 days that both mana fort and Michael
Cohen have flipped on him and that
they're giving information about him to
robert muller not about a son not about
as you know anybody else about him
personally and I'm sure they do have
information about the others that
they're also sharing but this is the
first time that we've ever heard that
somebody is specifically giving
information about Donald Trump himself
they got his CFO they got his other
buddies they've all flipped Trump knows
that his days in the White House are
probably numbered at this point and
that's why he's feeling like this this
is why his buddies are worried about him
and they're not just worried about him
they're worried about what he's gonna do
because at the end of the day these
people also don't want to see a
catastrophe on our hands because Donald
Trump rage tweets us into World War 3
you know they don't want to die either
in a thermonuclear explosion at their
home yeah they're horrible people but
they still want to live - and they don't
want to see this country I think go to
hell
but Trump as these investigations close
in is going to get even more desperate
he's going to get angrier and he will
eventually start taking drastic measures
earlier this week in an interview he
said I have no Attorney General it's
very sad
referring to Jeff Sessions and the fact
that Trump considers him useless even
though sessions has actually carried out
every single thing Trump has wanted him
to do except for Unruh cusing himself
from the investigation meanwhile he's
locking kids away in cages left and
right just for not being white I mean
what more could Trump want from the guy
well maybe a little more loyalty because
that's all that matters to this man so
he is eventually gonna fire Jeff
Sessions that's a given and while I will
disagree with his reasoning for firing
Jeff session
I will not feel sorry for Jeff Sessions
cuz he is an evil son of a bitch and I
don't want to see him in the federal
government he's gonna fire Robert Muller
I think that's also a given Sean Hannity
told us he would he's laying the
groundwork to this very week by trying
to release those classified documents in
an attempt to undermine Muller but none
of that is going to matter he can fire
as many people as he wants
he still has to replace them that's
required he'll have to appoint a new
special prosecutor he can't stop that
investigation he can only stop the
person currently running it and when the
next person comes in and sees these
testimonies from Michael Cohen from
manna fort weiselberger everybody else
there's not much they're gonna be able
to do to bury it Trump understands that
I think I would hope but that's not
going to stop him from doing everything
possible to at least delay the
investigations a little bit by
constantly firing the person in charge
of it it's a nice delay tactic but it
will not stop the inevitable
