doj this is a great we'll talk about ISM
DOJ finally comes out and say hey we
want to get involved in the opioid
crisis I mean really yeah
they set the US Justice Department
decided to step in and take action
against the makers and distributors of
opioid painkillers but this isn't this
is absurd because they helped create the
problem they were actually part of the
problem tell me your give me your take
you're helping lead the charge on the
opioids he's been up in court in front
of the in Cleveland in front of Judge
pulse true was featured this recently in
the New York Times a whole series on him
which was really well done and at the
end of the day he's trying to force
disclosure of the information and only
the federal government the DEA has and
the disclosure that they have I'm not
disclosure the information they have the
data they have is how many pills went
where where are the problems where the
the weeks in the system where the
opiates being diverted when we asked
them for the data to help identify all
the wrongdoers and the parties that
should be in front of the court the DEA
claimed business secrets change secrets
it's commercially sensitive we don't
want to produce it so the DEA by the way
that's a shame that's part of the
Department of Justice pie it up at the
same time they're filing this that the
the Jeff Sessions is filing the DOJ is
following the statement of interest the
Jeff Sessions the DOJ is arguing in
federal court not to release information
that will help find a solution so on one
hand when it comes to the press national
press releases hey we're out there to
help but when it comes time to providing
the tools to actually find the
wrongdoers find the problems in the
systems stop the debts curb okay don't
do anything you know you don't really
bugs me about this what's that the DOJ
has done nothing they've prosecuted
nobody they've done nothing to reverse
this they've brought no lawsuits to
meaning they find them six hundred
million dollars and then they let him
get away nobody went to jail and now you
know whether they're relying on us
they're relying on real lawyers all the
federal government always does and I
mean we tweak what you just said just a
bit any of the big players the huge
pharmaceuticals the mcKesson's
the distributors the manufacturers
nothing gets done no one goes to jail
just like you said the little tiny
players the little local guys that it's
easy to run over dock they leave them a
go yeah yeah the doctors and that
what the point to look at all these
arrests look at all these investigations
but when it comes time to really hold me
somebody accountable like one of the
huge companies will perp walk from one
of the CEOs like amicus they do
absolutely nothing
