jadynn speed joins us now he is the
founder of young reports and he's not
kidding he is young and he's got a
fascinating story to tell us he also
participated in the walkouts today on
the issue of gun control Jaden welcome
to rebel headquarters were having me
Jayden you have an interesting story
about how you came to be a progressive I
want to get to that I want to talk about
what young reports does but first how
old are you I'm 13 years old 13
wonderful and where exactly do you live
I live in Hawken Nebraska okay not a
hotbed of progressivism from what I take
no adult no not at all okay so did you
participate in the walkouts today yes I
did
now I imagine that it's the harder to
get a lot of folks to participate that
in that in the in the middle of small
town Nebraska is that true yes so how'd
it go today but we went throughout every
single class trying to bring as many
people out as possible at the end of it
we had about 40 kids and about three
teachers come and join us you had 40
kids in the middle of Nebraska in your
school yeah that's not bad
it's pretty good did you did you
organize that protest I worked with my
school administration and we organized
peaceful demonstration we could have at
the building
all right that's wonderful and what
motivated you you to do that well you
look at the events in parkland and
Columbine and Sandy Hook and you see how
many students lifes are at risk and our
lives are at risk too and we must do
everything we can to convince our
representatives and to convince the
adults to stop arguing to stop taking in
our money and to stand up for our lives
so Jayden were you always a progressive
or did you grow up conservative I grew
up and what you call establishment
Democrat household
we were democratic but we were more
Hillary Clinton Joe Biden type of
Democrats hmm okay that's interesting so
what what did that mean for your
political positions that they lean
conservative lean progressive I'd say I
lean conservative hmm okay so you I mean
you're only 13 so it's amazing that you
have political positions low on the fact
that you've changed them but have you
changed any of those positions I have
from watching TYT over the past year and
a half you've shown me that progressive
is the right way to go with the
corporate Democrats and the corporate
Republicans they will continue to take
the money and they don't actually care
about the issues we care about
okay well gratifying to hear that we've
had some effect and and do you remember
if there was a moment where you thought
wait a minute I'm not sure that what
I've been told us is quite the right
track and say I found a tyn T clip on
YouTube one day and as soon as I watched
that clip I realized some of the things
that our corporate Democrats and the
corporate Republicans have told us are
not fact they're giving us whatever
information they would like and
withholding what they don't want to
Stacey hmm do you know what the clip was
about to what particular issue um it was
right after a police officer shot on an
unarmed black man mm-hmm
yeah look by the way you know Jaden your
appear to be wise beyond your years it
took me a long time to change I grew up
a Republican and and I for example on
that issue I thought why would the cops
ever lie about anything they're here to
protect us that's because I didn't have
the perspective of other people in the
country who in some cases realize they
were not
to protect them they were there to
protect other people and so the fact
that you know that you've accelerated
that process is of course in my opinion
wonderful so then tell me about young
reports what is that it's a newspaper
and podcast that I run it was inspired
by TYT and our main goal is to educate
and to give the real facts that the
mainstream media won't give and that our
politicians won't tell us how much do I
love this okay that's fantastic and
how's it going for you it's been going
great I think about last month we hit
700 readers on our newspaper and we're
around at 200 views on our podcast oh
man this is how we do the revolution so
it is yeah look you're you're making a
difference and and and it's just so
gratifying to hear and really appreciate
it so you know I read up a little bit on
your bio which again you're an amazing
dude that you already have a bio but so
your family is at times been on hard
times is that right Jayden
yes we've experienced in multiple times
where we didn't have the appropriate
health care that we would need or we
didn't have the government benefits that
we would need mainly because of the
Republicans that control the Nebraska
Legislature and control
Nebraska's representation and US Senate
and the US House of Representatives and
obviously as the value of education was
instilled in you because you received
the presidential academic excellence
award and the 2016-2017 school year so
you know I guess what were those values
that you learned that's you know having
have brought you such success
I've always learned to do research
before you believe something if someone
tells you something make sure you do
research and you develop an opinion on
your own don't let someone else tell you
what your opinion is mm-hmm okay man I
can't wait for guys like you to run the
country and it looks like you might be
on your way so one more thing for you
now I know you're really young but
what's your ambition going forward if
things work out well what would you do
my plans are to run for US Senate's
around the year 2030 and then 2040 is
the year I can legally run for president
of the United States
all right you never know brother you
never know I mean look you don't I'm not
even sure you look thirsty you don't act
30 you don't a you know present that way
you appear to be incredibly mature so if
you're making those plans and given what
you've already accomplished I'm not the
one to doubt you so I think I could
proudly say Jaden speed you heard him
here first on The Young Turks Network
but it won't be the last time thank you
for joining us thank you for having me
