really interesting article in Washington
Post from a professor at Yale University
John Bart now he did a study with fellow
researchers it's going to be in the new
issue of European Journal of Social
Psychology but in this article he talks
about some things that this scientist
knew before and then gets to the study
and what they learned recently and this
is about how conservatives and liberals
think differently in fact our brains are
wired a little bit differently this is
really interesting and it helps you
figure out what motivates conservatives
in this case so he explains over a
decade now of research and political
psychology consistently shows that how
physically threatened or fearful a
person feels is a key factor although
clearly not the only one in whether he
or she holds conservative or liberal
attitudes that's fascinating so it turns
out whether you're more afraid or not is
going to determine whether you're
conservative liberal now conservatives
are pretty good at marketing so they've
said all along on liberals are wimps and
they're you know
pushovers exert a strong now let's find
out if that's true conservatives it
turns out react more strongly to
physical threat and liberals do in fact
they're greater concern with physical
safety seems to be determined early in
life and this is amazing listen this in
one University of California study the
more fear of four-year-olds showed in a
laboratory situation the more
conservative his or her political
attitudes were found to be twenty years
later
turns out conservatives are hardwired to
be afraid so the people who are are more
fearful wind up becoming conservative
and when you think about it it makes all
the sense in the world what is the
primary motivation for conservatives I'm
afraid of immigrants I'm afraid of
terrorism I'm afraid of crime I'm afraid
of drugs I'm afraid of the God upstairs
I'm afraid of everything they're driven
by fear all the gangs the gangs I'm so
afraid of them I need my god I need my
gun I'm so afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid
everything is fear fear fear listen this
rain imaging studies have even shown
that the fear center of the brain the
amygdala is actually larger in
conservatives than in liberals so if
you're on and do a conservative have a
little bit of sympathy for them their
brain is at
she structured so that they're
constantly afraid now it's a little
different and and I don't want to over
generalize but the studies have worn out
and on average this is the conservative
mind so look you can look at it two ways
one is well no wonder they're cowards
the other way you can look at it as a
liberal and a progressive is our poor
brothers and sisters it can't help it
they were born with a different brain
that makes them afraid of everything
by the way step one and recovery is
knowing what's wrong with you
and so conservatives I'm here to help
you the politicians take advantage of an
innate fear that you have to drive you
to the wrong conclusions so for example
you're worried about the rig the rules
have been rigged against you that you're
right about liberals are worried about
conservatives are worried about that
actually is logical now who do you think
rigged them Republicans will take
advantage of your fear and say it's the
immigrants the dirty immigrants coming
into the country some of them are
criminals and rapists you got to watch
out wait a minute the guy who just
crossed the border from Mexico with
nothing who's gonna work his ass off to
try to scrape together a little bit of
money to send back to his family
that's the guy who rigged the rules how
the world could he do that he has no
power don't look down look up they
manipulate your fear to take advantage
of you and lead you in the wrong
direction now the the details of the
study that they did is also fascinating
so listen this they were trying to see
can you push conservatives to be more
progressive depending on the situation
at hand so they explained now and there
were a number of researchers here it's
just professor Barr writing about it in
this case but before so they asked them
a bunch of questions but before they
answer the survey questions we had to be
engaged in an intense imagination
exercise they were asked to close their
eyes
and richly imagine being visited by a
genie who granted them a superpower for
half of our participants this superpower
was to be able to fly under ones own
power
for the other half it was to be
completely physically safe involve all
to any harm if they had just imagined
being able to fly their responses the
social attitude survey showed the usual
clear difference between Republicans and
Democrats
the former endorsed
more conservative positions on social
issues and were also more resistant to
social change in general but if they had
instead just imagine being completely
physically safe the Republicans became
significantly more liberal their
positions on social attitudes were were
much more like the Democratic
respondents and on the issue of social
change in general the Republicans
attitudes were now indistinguishable
from the Democrats that's amazing as
long as you get a conservative to feel
safe yeah she has the same positions as
a progressive so more details on this
imagining being completely safe from
physical harm had done what no
experiment had done before it had turned
conservatives into liberals look I said
this on an earlier show and I had seen
similar studies to this before that's
what I base it on this is just an
amazing new one that that buttresses the
point that the number one thing that
drives conservatives is fear and people
objected and said no a hatred etc no
it's not the hatred nearly as much as
the fear it's the fear that gets them to
go I'm scared of the others the others
it must be the others and what are the
politicians do they feed into that the
Southern Strategy the anti a more
immigrants and the anti Muslims that
they're coming to get you the Sharia law
is gonna take over Oklahoma this is so
preposterous but it is designed to
trigger the conservative mind into more
fear and hence voting Republican now in
fact anti-immigration attitudes frezzer
Varg explains are also linked it
directly to the underlying basic drive
for physical safety for centuries arch
conservative leaders have often referred
to escape coated minority groups as
quote germs or quote bacteria that seek
to invade and destroy the country from
within and you study hit any history and
you'll see that that's exactly right and
it happens all across the world we
reasoned making people feel safer about
a dangerous flu virus should serve to
calm their fears about immigrants and
making them feel more threatened by the
flu virus should cause them to be more
against immigration than they were
before in a 2011 study my colleagues and
I showed just that first we reminded our
nationwide sample of liberals in service
about the threat of the flu virus during
the h1n1 epidemic and then measured
their attitudes toward immigration
afterward we simply asked them if they'd
already gotten their flu shot or not it
turned out that those who had not gotten
a flu shot feeling threatened expressed
more
negative attitudes towards immigration
while those who had received the
vaccinations feeling safe had more
positive attitudes about immigration now
my favorite is the final part of the
study or the final study in this
situation in another study using hand
sanitizer after being warned about the
flu virus had the same effect on
immigration attitudes as had being
vaccinated a simple squirt of Purell
after we had raised the threat of the
flu had changed their minds it made them
feel safe from the dangerous virus and
this made them feel socially safe from
immigrants as well it's amazing how the
human mind works a little bit of Purell
and all of a sudden they're like
immigrants aren't so bad well how did
this stuff is not thought consciously of
course not our concern
doesn't get a little bit of hand
sanitizer and go that's it I'm a liberal
now he doesn't consciously think that
but subconsciously that is the effect
that it has amazing so I think that if
we want to have more advancement and
more important than anything else
rational decision-making in our
government what we need to do is take
the fear out take the money out but we
also need to take the fear out and if
you do it and if you expose the
Republican tricks to try to lead people
in the wrong direction I think you'll be
shocked at how what a percentage of the
country becomes more and more
progressive so at least now you know and
that's the beginning of fixing the
problem if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
