hey everybody Bret are like beer ass
rigged drinking some briefs that's not
disgusting you're not Ron uh we're going
to play a little game here there is a
Twitter account that is out there and
it's a whole community actually of
people who think that Chris Evans is
actually a golden retriever
hmm what do I mean by that well here is
a picture of Chris Evans and a picture
of a golden retriever and they they say
there's nothing you can do to convince
them that that's not the same animal God
who rescued who you know there's other
examples I want to say maybe
oh well one's cute which one Chris Evans
or Chris Evans can't tell them apart I
think I would say that is an accurate
thing to say that Chris Evans does look
like a golden retriever he is the human
personification of golden retrievers Bri
what I put it to you yeah we have two
facts we have a game where we try to
show you an animal and you tell me what
celebrity it actually is okay
and we have two shots of schnapps in
celebration of Oktoberfest and German
drunkenness around the world why do you
hate me I love you great but in a way
that I don't care what your feelings do
okay so you're like all guys yeah yeah
me I'm all guys hey y'all guys let's
play Timmy all guys over here that's a
great character so here we go first
first one up yeah who is that what
celebrity this is from bored Panda what
celebrity or famous historical figure
alive now is that I want to say this is
who's like very slick and oily John
Turturro
did you just that's my guy so you think
I would do a segment and someone in it
would be the very famous John Sottero
from rounders and brain donors he's an
incredible actor I'm not saying he's not
incredible hey nice
there where art thou but here's who it
actually is Vladimir Putin and it's
correct okay I thought you meant like
when you said celebrity I thought you
meant like actual like talented person
oh and then when I said historical
figure that's currently all you said
alright and there's a celebrity to me I
pray to him okay who's this this one is
amazing this is a what's celebrity oh I
already know who is this Mickey Rourke
that's a really good guess however it is
john travolt thank you board board panda
next up this is from suggest duck I'll
pack up this is an al bagger what
celebrity is this oh it's so cute I want
to hug that I mean I know I'm allergic
to it like I've never been around in
alpaca but I'm certain I'm allergic to
that hmm you got zero seconds okay I
think that celebrity would be what you
baka not in its Taylor logs
what do you mean no that's hey I love it
but it's not right that's not right he
doesn't have fur all over he plays a
werewolf oh yeah like you should
probably be able to imagine it and
finally this turtle from the neverending
story political figure I already know
who is Ted Cruz oh wait no it's my pence
no it's Mitch McConnell oh it's so right
any other answer I would have accepted
is Barry Manilow which I we didn't
graphics for but that's what Barry
Manilow looks like that's fair so does
Doctor Who
do you want it no I've met dr. drew I've
had conversations with dr. drew before
yeah he doesn't look like a sexy turtle
oh he's a sex that was another reference
god bless you so do you want to try one
of these schnapps while we have time
yeah oh wait I'm not supposed to
we can believe it you put you curse like
six times today my name is Bree and I
don't follow the rules can you open this
my hands aren't you sweaty yeah so the
question is blackberries or apples
apples good for you
I don't like the texture of blackberries
it's 99 proof ninety-nine blackberries
ninety-nine honey no oh here no it
tastes like apple pie chefs drink the
whole thing
no you just have to drink the whole
thing okay a streak ninety nine parts
out of a hundred of it okay I have a
little hot side ache so I'm not gonna do
it okay Cheers batch are you on the go
unlike me well then you should listen to
TYT on our new podcast network and you
can find that on Apple podcast the
Google Play Store or at TYT dot-com
slash podcast right now you won't be
able to see my face but in many ways
that's a good thing
