the traditionalist worker party a white
nationalist group in the United States
is no more following infidelity and a
physical altercation between the leader
and the spokesperson for the group now
the leader Matthew haibach was arrested
Tuesday for allegedly assaulting his
wife and his spokesman after haibach was
caught cheating on his wife with the
spokesman's wife so David Matt parrot
was the party spokesperson until Tuesday
when he quit in a statement to the
Southern Poverty Law Center
parrots wife Jessica was allegedly
having an affair with haibach who is
married to parents stepdaughter from a
previous marriage all sorts of twists
and turns all sorts of drama since the
story is so complicated we decided to do
a reenactment for you guys so you can
visualize the drama take a look paradin
haibach arranged to set up high buck and
Jessica in a trailer on parents property
to catch them having sex but the box
broke under parrots weight parrot
entered the trailer but that's when
haibach allegedly choked him Perrin
threw a chair at him
poking him into unconsciousness
Herot fled to a Walmart near his home
and called police around 1 a.m.
okay there's so many wonderful parts of
this story so first of all one white
nationalist cuckolding and other white
nationalist I mean alright we're already
like in news heaven okay alright number
two is the heimbach who was by the way
one of the organizers of the
Charlottesville rally and assaulted
someone at a trump rally and is a young
black woman a young black woman of
course he's a white nationalist he's in
trouble for that
he's sleeping in in essence his mother
in law yeah it's so weird that a white
nationalist would do something that
scummy and the mother in law also a
white nationalist it's like oh let me
sleep with my stepdaughter it's my
stepdaughter who also married a white
nationalist let me sleep with her
husband like this is like who's who
terrible people
it's insane so the the cops arrived -
huh hi box home to question him because
as you know parent called the cops and
reported what was going on now haibach
again is already in trouble because of
the fact that he assaulted an
african-american woman at a trump rally
and because of this he might actually
serve time in jail but he was charged
with assault as a result and he
assaulted his own wife when the police
showed up he essentially told his wife I
don't want to talk to them go tell them
that everything's okay and there's no
problem but remember she's getting
cheated on - she's angry and so a
scuffle ensues between those two and the
cops ended up arresting him because they
could hear that things had gotten
incredibly physical with his own wife he
grabbed her head threw her down made her
bleed and apparently she is recording of
all of it so he's in a world of trouble
they're back to parent he writes the
Southern Poverty Law Center who has been
tracking these guys all along I'm done
I'm out SPLC is one mad parrot is out of
the game you all have a nice life kid
that's the same genius who thought it
was a good idea hey we'll catch him by
just looking in the window and then
they're like hey look the guy's in the
window by the way he referred to this
whole debacle as a white trash circus
cut
tast Rafi indeed you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
