so we have a new chief economic adviser
for Donald Trump
so did he go with a Nobel laureate
professor or an expert in the field
someone who's worked in government
recently on this issue nope he went with
another TV star well I mean I morose is
gone so he needs to fill his reality
show back up with people he's familiar
with and since he doesn't read the only
people he's familiar with are the people
on TV this time it's Larry Kudlow from
CNBC so there were rumors about this and
then this morning Trump confirmed it
with this tweet Larry Kudlow will be my
chief economic adviser as director of
the National Economic Council our
country will have many years of great
economic and financial success as usual
capitalized for no apparent reason
anyway with low taxes unparalleled
innovation fair trade and ever-expanding
labor force leading the way hashtag
magros now cut allah did not agree with
him on tariffs his last chief economic
adviser left ostensibly because they
didn't agree on the tariff issue the
reality is Gary Cohen won that leave
before the indictments and he already
got his trillions of dollars in tax cuts
anyway but cut load also didn't agree
but apparently he told the president I
submit I now think tariffs are a
brilliant idea ok good boy good boy now
let's examine what an idiot Larry Kudlow
is and how he has the worst track record
on predictions you could possibly
imagine before we get to the predictions
which are fun let's go over his history
a little bit I feel a little bad going
all the way back to 94 but not too bad
in 1994 after serving four years as the
chief economist at Bear Sterns Kudlow
was fired when he confessed to an insane
$100,000 per month
cocaine habit Wow I can't imagine
spending a hundred thousand dollars a
month on anything let alone on cocaine
how much cocaine do you have to do to
spend a hundred thousand dollars in a
month
Wow ok but then but he said look that's
okay I'm reformed and he took a job in
journalism afterwards because he had
gone to a fancy celebrity clinic and he
was he was fine but then some 15 months
after he was ousted from bear stearns
his wife filed for divorce and
the New York Times quote in order to
prevent mr. Kudlow from tapping their
Bear Stearns retirement account to pay
for a week's long cocaine binge
so apparently not fine back then okay
just a little bit of fun background but
look they say that he's been okay for
decades and that is not my issue with
him and if he had a problem in the past
that it's in the past no problem at all
were progressives we believe in in
Redemption and and I have no reason not
to believe that he he's not doing that
anymore bear stearns by the way of
course later went bankrupt in the
economic collapse that Kudlow claimed
wasn't really happening all right a
couple more fun things before we get to
the economic stuff which is what he was
ostensibly hired for he was said that
Sarah Palin will strengthen the McCain
presidential case suffice it to say she
did not he then at one point said that
the Iraq war was a really good idea he
thought because it might help the
economy in the stock market I'm not sure
that that's a very good reason but he
also said that he would quote revive the
American spirit suffice it to say the
Iraq war has not revived the American
spirit then he went on to talk about
Fukushima once back in 2011 remember the
famous nuclear meltdown in Japan listen
carefully to how he prioritizes here
watch on all the market taking this in
stride I mean the human the human toll
here looks to be much worse than the
economic toll and we can be grateful for
that and the human toll is a tragedy we
know that but these markets are see all
these markets right stocks commodities
oil gold there is no major break out or
break down Wow is this surprising the
Trump picked this guy to be his chief
economic adviser
luckily the economic toll to my
pocketbook is not as bad as the human
toll which is of course the arrival of
irrelevant to me and all my rich friends
Wow even his co-anchors seem to be
looking at him like did he just say that
by the way he was wrong on the economic
toll as well it wound up costing 200
billion dollars
is there anything Larry Kudlow is not
wrong about well so now let's go to the
heart of the matter about economics
because he's gonna be the chief economic
adviser to the president of the you know
States so back when Bill Clinton was
president he said there is no question
that President Clinton's
across-the-board tax increases will
throw a wet blanket over the recovery
and depress the economy's long-run
potential to grow that turned out to be
massively wrong the economy boomed under
Bill Clinton in an unprecedented fashion
the tax increases did not lead to an
economic downturn instead there was
terrific economic times unemployment
went down inflation wasn't checked his
beloved stock markets went soaring he
was wrong on every count
now let's go to a little bit more recent
prediction about the Bush era he said at
the end of the day it will be the
middle-class American worker who will
benefit most from the pickup in capital
formation brought on by Bush's latest
tax cuts investors will respond to fresh
economic incentives and a new flow of
capital will generate stronger markets a
true business expansion higher
productivity more jobs and perhaps most
importantly outsize gains in real worker
wages monstrously wrong wages flatlined
later we had an economic crash where not
only did we not have more jobs we lost 8
million jobs the tax cuts under Bush did
not work they did not stimulate the
economy they crashed their economy but
Kudlow got a tax cut and so did all his
rich friends oh it actually hurt the
average American exactly the opposite of
what Kudlow said today who cares now why
is it got this wrong on CNBC is a
so-called expert in the first place
because CNBC isn't here to serve you
they're here to serve rich folks who
think oh the American worker is has
flatlining wages their wages are
stagnant but the markets are up have 5
ok so cut Lowe's been high-fiving them
ever since but we haven't gotten to the
best part yet Clinton you're Kudlow
early bushier Kudlow well 2007-2008
Kudlow says hold my beer here comes even
worse prediction
he said at the end of 2007 there's no
recession coming the pessimist does were
wrong it's not gonna happen the bush
boom is alive and well it's finishing up
at six consecutive year with more to
come he said that in December of 2017
the recession began in December of 2017
he was massively wrong and of course the
economic collapse that enveloped the
world happened a couple of months later
and as it was happening in the beginning
of 2018 cut moves back for more banks
are taking significant steps to repair
their balance sheets even though some
people might not be happy with the speed
the reality is things are improving the
banks did no such thing things were not
improving all the banks collapsed and so
did the world economy
nailed it one last one he said I'm going
to bet this is also early 2008 I'm going
to bet that the economy will be
rebounding sometime this summer if not
sooner we're in a slow patch that's all
it's nothing to get up in arms about
once again totally and completely wrong
the market crashed afterwards there was
no recovery for a long time until by the
way President Obama raised taxes on
Kudlow rich friends and lo and behold
another recovery now look whether those
things are connected or long economic
discussions what is not is larry cudlow
track record that's a simple discussion
he's almost never been right Trump looks
at then goes winner I'll take that guy
never right always favors the rich and a
big blowhard on TV she's like I fail to
see how this guy wouldn't be in my
administration so he is now Trump's
chief economic adviser god help us all
if you become a member of the Young
Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now tea why
tea network.com slash join get the whole
young turks show every day
