new story out today by Robert molars
investigation there's another doozy I
believe we are now finally at the heart
of the matter so let me call the New
York Times here and I'll explain why I
think this is so important the special
counsel Robert Muller has subpoena the
Trump Organization to turn over
documents including some related to
Russia according to two people briefed
on the matter the order is the first
known instance of the special counsel
demanding records directly related to
president Trump's businesses bring the
investigation closer to the president
ding-ding-ding-ding we have winner there
you go this has never been about Twitter
impressions that Trump got from Russian
meddling in the election it's never been
about the 21 tumblr accounts that the
Russians had it's always have been about
the business deal that Trump has had
with the Russians for a long time that's
the real heart of the matter and it's
the money laundering so until we got the
Trump's business records and finances
all of it was patty-cakes well now we're
in the business records so earlier I
told you about how Muller had subpoenaed
some of his financial documents and and
and materials from his bank
especially Deutsche Bank now that is
really important that's you follow the
money you'll have your answers now he's
inside the Trump Organization or at
least requesting those records and we're
near the endgame here folks
order the subpoena comes as mr. Muller
appears to be broadening his
investigation examine the role of
foreign money may have played in funding
in mr. Trump's political activities this
is exactly what I've been warning you
about for over a year now on the i Turks
I said it was money laundering from the
from day one and so I and to help that
deal along the Russians might have put
some money into this particular campaign
but their ties to Trump are deeper and
historic so you must look into that now
by the way it's not just the Russians in
recent weeks mr. Mellors investigators
have questioned witnesses including an
adviser to the United Arab Emirates
about the flow of Emirati money into the
United States so there's a lot of
different countries trying to bring in
cash
to affect our elections now our our
elections are an auction so a lot of
these countries are thinking well it
appears that you can't even trace the
money a lot of it is dark money and
you're just a lot to buy these
politicians so let's maybe try to buy
the president see what happens well
luckily at least this one is important
enough that they're bothering to do an
investigation and perhaps we'll find out
the truth of the matter in regards to
those countries and others and look you
can hardly blame the foreign countries
because they think companies get to buy
these politicians all the time and
they're multinational so if a Russian or
a Chinese company can be part of a trade
group in America and purchase
politicians because we have unlimited
money in our politics we have private
financing in our elections why can't we
buy them now it's illegal but again very
hard to trace because of the dark money
and we should go to the root of the
problem not just leave it at this and
fix it we should take all of the private
financing out of Elections otherwise
they're just gonna go okay you get
caught if you go after the president so
let's just go buy a hundred congressmen
or 20 or 50 senators instead okay so now
back to this story the Trump
Organization has said that it never
really had real estate holdings in
Russia but witnesses recently
interviewed by mr. Muller
have been asked about a possible real
estate deal in Moscow now I haven't
think that that's not that the real
issue at hand
I'm not worried that Trump was gonna do
some deal in Russia and hence we don't
wanted to help the Russians a little bit
more he already has a lot of those deals
throughout the world and he's already
had giant conflict of interest issues in
Argentina turkey Saudi Arabia and the
list goes on no though that's regular
Donald Trump corruption no it's not what
Trump was planning to do in Russia it's
the money laundering that the Russians
were doing through Trump in America now
I say that because I've already covered
dozens of stories for you guys
detailing some portions of what appears
to be from the outside world money
laundering but you have to have the real
actual financial documents and the
business documents and that's why these
subpoenas are really important if you
want to actually prove it in a court of
law and if you're going after the
president because you thought you think
he might have broken the law well you
better have really good evidence and
that's what Muller was trying to gather
up now so an annoying part of this story
is some thing that the press is calling
a red line and I'll tell you why
Centauri in a second but let me read
this from Maggie Haberman and Michael
Schmidt's piece in The New York Times
mr. Trump said in an interview with the
New York Times in July of last year that
the special counsel would be crossing
quote a red line if he looked into his
family's finances beyond any
relationship with Russia well first of
all the New York Times asked that
question of him Trump didn't bring it up
himself and I so I really really blame
the New York Times for that they've done
other great work on this issue great
journalism and in this case and others
but when they were in Trump be like is
it gonna be a red line is it gonna be a
red line if he looks into your finances
so Trump's like oh that's a thing I can
complain about yes that'll be a red line
if he looks into my personal finances
why why did you even ask him that what a
silly question that is and I'll tell you
why it's silly because if Trump had to
deal with the Russians which led to
collusion in the election well it might
be a financial deal that helps them
personally so how else would you look
into that other than looking into his
personal finances that's the heart of
the investigation so I don't know why
the New York Times brought up this red
line and the journalists love freaking
out about red lines and they're all like
oh this might be a red line red line and
what is it in law is it statutory no
it's a phrase you made up for no reason
so look here the more context from this
particular New York Times story mr.
Muller was appointed in May to
investigate whether mr. Trump's campaign
colluded with the Russians to influence
the 2016 presidential election and any
other matters that may arise from the
inquiry now this would arise from the
inquiry because what is Trump's
motivation to help the Russians what are
the Russian motivations to help Trump in
order to investigate that you'd have to
know do they have any financial deals so
any discussion of a red line
total BS made up by the press to just
make it sound more traumatic Oh a red
line has been crossed
no there's no red line it doesn't make
any sense at all it's just a normal part
of the investigation that you would do
in almost any investigation along these
lines and they would do it for a private
citizen you would look into why if there
has been a crime committed what's the
motive it's preposterous that that's
even a part of the discussion now
finally another piece of good news is
that as usual Trump is so arrogant that
he thinks he might be able to outwit the
prosecutors please try please try so the
lawyers have advised mr. Trump to refuse
an interview but the president wants to
do it with Muller as he believes he has
done nothing wrong and can easily answer
investigators questions it is
inconceivable that he would not lie to
those investigators it's inconceivable
that Donald Trump can go a whole
paragraph without lying which would be
another crime it's inconceivable that he
is intelligent enough not to
accidentally say something that will get
him in massive trouble and by the way
I'm not interested in getting him in
trouble on nitpicky stuff that he says
by accident that is not a big deal no no
I only care if he accidentally reveals
the money-laundering or things he
actually did that our major issues now
if it turns out he didn't really do it
and he goes in and tells a couple of
white lies that Muller about his affair
with stormy Daniels I'm not interested
in a Ken star-like investigation don't
care about that what I care about is the
heart of the matter and I think that
Muller is closing in on it
if Trump goes to talk to him to try to
outsmart him that would be wonderful
because Hey look if he's innocent then
he's right it'll help clarify the matter
and and then Muller will have a better
sense of it if he's not he's gonna
outsmart Muller and we'll find out a lot
more but as usual follow the money and
you'll have your answer if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now tea why tea
network.com slash join get the whole
Yonkers show every day
