the topic of child marriage has been
making headlines here in the United
States no not in the Middle East here in
the United States
Kansas Tennessee and now all of a sudden
Missouri are facing a little bit of heat
because of the fact that they allow for
women or kids as young as 14 or 15 to
get married to individuals in their 20s
30s 40s and in some cases even 50s so
Missouri is making news because it turns
out that it has a law that essentially
allows for underage girls to get married
to older men as long as one parent
consents to it
one parent so to give you some
statistics from 1999 to 2015 more than
one thousand 15 year olds married in the
state of Missouri Missouri actually
defines a statutory rape as anyone 21
years or older having sex with someone
under the age of 17 outside of marriage
but within marriage sex with a minor
is legal so what happens is in in
neighboring states if a 15 year old ends
up getting pregnant by an adult usually
the family will feel deeply embarrassed
that that fifteen-year-old got pregnant
out of wedlock and so to bring honor
back to the family they will go ahead
and pressure the girl to get married and
in some states you can't do that so what
they'll do is they'll travel to the
state of Missouri to make it happen to
make sure that this fifteen-year-old
gets married to the adult male who
impregnated her a pilgrimage of sort
I guess Missouri is their mecca for
child marriage so look I know why this
exists is the part of the old culture
also based on the Bible of you can't
have sex outside of marriage so once you
hit puberty you don't wanna be some
people want to have sex so they got
married really young back in the day but
that was back in the day and a lot of us
evolved and some of us did not so and
part of the problem with conservatism is
that it is opposed to change it is
opposed to change for changes sake they
just don't they're it's not in their
nature so they believe that tradition
and
honor etc are important for their own
sake and not evaluating whether it's a
good tradition or whether it's actually
an honorable thing to do but when you
think about it logically for a second it
having sex with a 15 year old outside of
marriage if you're you know in your 20s
30s whatever right is illegal and will
get you decades in prison decades in
prison but if you marry a 15 year old
and continue to have sex with them day
in and day out that somehow sanctifies
it that makes no logical sense none but
for a conservative logic is optional
tradition is what matters it's it's it's
devastating when you consider the fact
that you know at the age of 15 no one
can really make a good decision about
whether or not they should get married
and a lot of the young girls who were
interviewed for various stories about
this essentially said that I mean I got
pressured by my family I didn't know
what I was doing I felt like I had to
say yes even though I didn't want to get
married so a Gloria Boyer is an
individual who actually
signs marriage licenses in the state of
Missouri and I wanted to read your quote
to you because I thought it was
interesting she says we cannot do
anything legally if a parent signs and a
couple wants to get married there is
nothing we can do to stop issuing that
marriage license you see situations come
through where you're not necessarily
really comfortable with it you know I'm
the recorder I'm not the police for this
I just think it's so interesting because
for the longest time in the u.s. we've
been fighting these battles in regard to
adult same-sex couples who want to get
married and you hear the you know some
members of the right-wing you know say
that that goes against the sanctity of
marriage it's terrible you know what I
think would go against the sanctity of
marriage pressuring a 15 year old girl
to marry a man in his 30s 40s and in
some cases even 50s because she got
pregnant by him okay in a situation
where she could get exploited for the
rest of her life by the way so let's
talk about some of those ages that I
mentioned so let's go to graphic 37
state wide the number of 15 year olds
marrying has dwindled
each year from 104 in 1999 to 16 and
2015 so the instances of child marriages
in the state of Missouri has decreased
significantly and I hope he continues to
do so
but the the same report that I mentioned
earlier that showed that there were
about a thousand 15 year olds getting
married in Missouri between 1999 to 2015
stated that a certain number of those
fifteen year olds actually ended up
marrying men in their 50s
that's insane who would sign off on that
who would say oh here's my 15 year old
daughter she's pregnant by a man in his
50s I'm gonna go ahead and pressure to
marry him now
beware of anyone coming bury honor
whether it's honor killings in the
Middle East and parts of Africa whether
it's families in Central Asia that
pressure their daughters who are
kidnapped and raped to marry their
abductors they all do it for honor and
or whether it's in the middle of this
country whether it's the Middle East or
the Midwest when the families come and
say Oh wouldn't in one case a 14 year
old had sex after being plowed with
alcohol with a 24 year old she gets
pregnant they wait until she's 15 and
and then they pressure her into getting
married to someone who under other
circumstances under that if they didn't
get married that would be statutory rape
but it's okay
marry your statutory rapist I mean look
guys you can't fathom how irrational
that is to say that if you're not
married to the person and you're having
sex with a 15 year old when you're in
your 50s the example that I just gave
that's rape and we're gonna put you away
for decades but if the 50 year old
marries the 15 year old and continues to
rape for a day in and day out
congratulations you're a wonderful
honorable person
well is it rape or is it not rape it
depends on the biblical point of view I
guess it's preposterous that's perhaps
why we should base our laws on logic and
reason and not base it on ancient texts
that make no sense you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
Revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become
member tea white tea network.com slash
join
