so Donald Trump recently meeting with
the head of Veteran Affairs for himself
and he and he picked this guy but
apparently he's having some lack of
confidence in him but he has lack of
confidence in everyone he asked him to
do impossible jobs to cut all the
budgets to try to destroy their
departments to lie for him non-stop and
then when they can't execute that
properly he gets mad at them so in this
case Shulkin is the head of Veteran
Affairs and and he was having a meeting
with Donald Trump
and this is where we pick it up with
Axios reporting Trump surprised Shulkin
by dialing in Fox & Friends host Pete
hagseth on speakerphone to get his
opinion of the legislation according to
two sources with knowledge of the
conversation how demeaning you're in the
middle of the meeting you didn't call
him ahead of time you didn't call him
afterwards in the middle of the meeting
with a really important person in your
administration you're like hold on I'm
gonna call one of the Schmucks from Fox
& Friends and it turns out hexif was
actually up for the same job and didn't
get it that makes it doubly demeaning
and forget them demeaning part I don't
care how he demeans his own cabinet
there are a bunch of lackeys a sick of
fans who should have never taken a job
with this monster in the first place but
how preposterous Lee stupid - what does
a fox and friends host think because
that's what I watch and TVs the only
thing that matters an actual policy
expert about veterans no no I'm just
gonna turn on the boob tube and see what
the Fox guys have to say about it and
I'm gonna ask them in the middle of an
important government meeting and here
Axios with similar background the heck's
have called put Shulkin in an awkward
spot according to those sources
hagseth competed for shoka's job and
favors more aggressive reform for the VA
Trump talks to hexif regularly and
enjoys watching him on Fox and Friends I
don't know if he missed this particular
segment because if you're saying hey
look maybe I said this a genius on
Veterans Affairs and and an a very and a
top expert not just the idiot TV pundit
then you might want to watch these clips
now this from a little while back and
they were having a fun little segment on
Fox and Friends that went slightly awry
let's see how Pete hexif handled this
segment Pete and Clayton are facing off
they're testing their skills with the ax
who's going to win this battle
how many face pumps can I do in one
administration that's the guy you're
calling for advice on Veteran Affairs
who thought I'll throw it an axe in the
middle of New York and I'm sure I'll hit
it and what's the worst had that gonna
happen if I don't hit it were there
people behind that target the answer is
yes watch
thank God the handle hit him and not the
blade these morons are who Donald Trump
thinks are subject matter experts and
calls them in the middle of government
meetings and humiliates his own cabinet
with them who's Dumber hexa they're
Trump
it's got to be Trump for thinking that
guy's the genius I need advice from by
the way Gary Cohn this just happened a
little while before we started the show
Gary Cohen is top economic adviser it's
stepped down so he needs a new chief
economic adviser so is that will Trump
gonna turn to an economist and Nobel
laureate an expert someone who knows
policy is how to know nope because the
idiot watches TV so he's gonna turn to a
TV host here let's go to videos 17 and
show you his take on this issue I have a
pretty good pretty good Carl that Larry
Kudlow is now the leading contender for
the job to replace Gary Cohn the leading
contender do we think he is the leading
contender or a leading contender d that
is big again I believe that he is we can
call him a leading contender I am
preferring the leading contender
obviously I don't want to be ahead of
the President on this because I know
that there are other people involved no
decisions been made but the president I
believe is listening to Larry Kudlow on
our air and likes what he hears
haha he's kind of pick a TV pundit as
his chief economic adviser okay great
wonderful that'll probably work out
nicely but I don't even know if he knows
this but Kramer doesn't even agree with
him on a the the thing that cone the
former economic advisor quit over the
tariffs listen to what how Joe depalo at
media describes it Kramer report
jim cramer as you just saw there another
CNBC host reports that Trump is set to
pick Kudlow despite the fact that the
CNBC contributor strongly opposes
Trump's proposed tariffs on steel
aluminum and is quote the ultimate free
trader why it's because he's seen him on
TV this moron is our president Young
Turks you just watch the video by The
Young Turks home of the revolution if
you'd like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
