so Donald Trump goes to Pennsylvania
duel rally he's supposed to be helping
the candidate there risks a cone lots of
folks with good data showing that he's
actually hurting the candidate by being
there he hardly mentions a candidate at
all but he goes on his rants about his
favorite topic himself of course it
lasts for a long about an hour now I'm
gonna break you down for you guys
I actually don't object to much of it
which puts me in the minority of the
press there is one part of that really
objective that I'll share with you at
the end but first let's have fun with a
Donald Trump being Donald Trump but well
I'll tell you we did a great job in the
Olympics president moon of South Korea
said without Donald Trump the Olympics
would have been a total failure it's
true might as well say it nobody else is
going to say it right - well sorry it's
inconceivable it's true it's true it's
not remotely true ok the Olympics would
have been a failure without Donald Trump
based on what the curling just could not
have continued I know what is silly
theory on this is I was so tough on the
North Koreans it made them want to
cooperate with South Korea so in South
Korea brought the North Koreans in and
they walked together etc that was
because Donald Trump was so tough on him
and if it wasn't for that the whole
Olympics would have been a failure oh
come on man do you if you're a trump
boater you really believe that but it
looked at that's mine around it's stupid
braggadocio I'm so used to it I don't
really care that much so and then here
comes Trump talking about his looks you
know but I'll go rally anywhere let's
have fun let's watch and connar
lamb-lamb the Sham right lamda sham
he's trying to act like a Republican so
he gets he won't give me one vote look I
don't know looks like a nice guy
I hear he's nice-looking I think I'm
better looking than him I do I do I do
and he's slightly younger than me
slightly no I heard that then I saw he's
he's okay why are we talking about
Connor lips looks yeah this guy's he's
the ringleader of a three-ring circus
so a the carnival barker coming out here
embarking is not surprising to me all
right so now let's go to insults classic
well um it's 1999 I'm on Meet the Press
a show now headed by sleepy eyes Chuck
Todd he's a sleeping son of a bitch
shall tell you
look he's a performance artist I don't
even know if no one knows if he's
actually a Republican he's just riding
the wave and he loves that crowd so he
loves to stoke him up and he knows what
soaks them up and and that's the one
thing he's good at which is reading the
room huh what do you guys like oh you
like curses then I'll throw out curses
and and that part is actually effective
why is it effective because the media
over reacts look real people do they
care that much about cursing yeah I mean
maybe some evangelical women voters care
about it that's what they're saying but
overall no and his male voters love it
but hook line and sinker here comes the
media Betsy DeVos is on and they're
gonna question her about it you had the
president using and what we used to call
a dirty word to describe one of my
colleagues and I wonder as the education
secretary who's in charge of what our
kids learn what do you think of that
kind of language would you watch
someone's mouth out with soap well I I
would probably use different language
myself and I think we all have an
opportunity and responsibility to be
examples to our kids would include the
president that would include the
president as well yes I really don't
think regular people care I this morning
all that was on television was the
president curse the president curse get
the real stuff who cares and people
generally like it so he calls somebody's
son of a bitch big deal he gives them
nicknames sleepyhead
hey progressives instead of complaining
about it do likewise okay call him a son
of a bitch what did I call him during
the elections loser Donald cuz he
bankrupted six companies it's a total
obvious idiot and loser meanwhile the
Democrats are like old caliche I don't
like it when he uses bad words no if
when he punches you in the face instead
of crying about it
punching back so I don't care about that
stuff at all here's one other thing that
people are getting on them for and I
think this is again totally fun we're
gonna get to the bad part in just a
second but watch this too you know how
easy remember I used to say how easy it
is to be presidential but you don't be
out of here right now but you'd be
oh boy because I can stand up right
a very presidential ladies and gentlemen
thank you for being here tonight
Rick Ciccone will be a great great
congressman he will help me very much
he's a fine man and young is a wonderful
wife and to all of the military out
there we respect you very much thank you
thank you and then you go god bless you
and God bless the United States of
America thank you very much
easy I'll go further not only doing I
care I actually agree with him on that
so Obama would get out there and be
super presidential god he was classy he
in a classy sleepy way almost never make
his case when he was president when he
was running for president he gave the
world's greatest speeches the race
speech was on the best I've ever heard
Dodd that's to be a pope and the list
goes on and on but when he was president
um and then let me tell you something
mmm is anyone paying attention no good
all right let me continue mmm right
where's Trump gets out there he's a
showman and he goes oh I'm not gonna do
it like the other guys I'm gonna
actually entertain you so you pay
attention and then I'm gonna make my
case and I'm gonna make it over and over
and over and over again
now most of what Trump says is not true
the Olympics would not have been a
failure without him he is not better
looking than Connor laughs he really
thinks that all those women throughout
his life dated him because he was so
good-looking daddy's money idiot that
nothing new with your looks but it
doesn't have to be true for it to be
good politics so stick man the Democrats
are so stiff and that's why they lose to
him so stop complaining about it I think
that's perfectly fine but the policy
matters so the one time he talks about
policy he says something terrible watch
this the only way to solve the drug
problem is through toughness when I was
in China and other places by the way I
said mr. president do you have a drug
problem no no no we do not I said huh
big country 1.4 billion people right not
much of a drug problem I said what do
you tribute that to well the death
penalty
so that's again not true that is not
that China doesn't have the death
penalty it's that that is not what the
issue is when it comes to drug addiction
so this guy want to be dictator
positively quartering the Chinese who
are both communists and dictatorial
saying let's just execute people yeah
that's the American Way is they know
that it's not the American Way so when
he talks about policy he is abhorrent
and so okay how do you attack him
likewise you go you state the truth but
just to state it in a way that resonates
with people do we think the number one
problem in America in terms of drugs is
marijuana and if we executed people who
were selling marijuana that our drug
problem would be solved which moron
thinks that no one thinks that if you do
you're incredibly stupid no the real
problem is opioids that's what's killing
over 60,000 Americans every year it is
lowered our life expectancy for the
whole country who deals opioids the
pharmaceutical companies and who takes
donor money from the pharmaceutical
companies and covers their ass every
single day Donald sleazy corrupt Trump
that's who does it so Donald if you're
asking for the death penalty for drug
dealers I think you ought to be careful
what you asked for those are some of
your top donors that's how you fight
Donald Trump if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
get home like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me Qi tea network.com / joy
