now the Trump of course always pretends
to be a tough guy and I'm going to show
you a lot of videos related to that in a
second
including on the issue of guns in the
NRA and he said that he was gonna go
after them and do some small amount of
regulation but some regulation that the
NRA did not like so let's find out what
happened with that we go to mediate here
president Donald Trump recently called
for increasing the minimum age for
buying long guns like the ar-15 use in
the parkland Florida high school
shooting last month to be raised to 21
but in a school safety proposal
announced by the White House house
Sunday night no mention was made of
raising the age limit for such gun
purchases wait a minute I thought Donald
Trump was a tough guy and he was gonna
raise the age now you don't have to take
my word for it listen listen the Donald
Trump himself now this is not a popular
thing to say in terms of the NRA but I'm
saying it anyway could it just have to
say but you can't buy I mean think of it
you can buy a handgun you can't buy one
and you have to wait you 21
but you can buy the kind of weapon used
in the school shooting at 18 I think
it's something you have to think about
now that's the rare thing that he made
sense about and I said on the show he
will back down because all he cares
about is corruption and all he cares
about is his donors he'd talk like a
tough guy Wally what's that raised the
age now he didn't put it in his
proposals he's not gonna do it and then
he sent out some tweets let's see maybe
in the tweets he's gonna correct what
they sent out to the public so let's
read those he said very strong
improvement about his policy on guns and
strength strengthening your background
checks will be fully backed by white
house legislation moving forward bum
stocks will soon be out highly trained
expert teachers will be allowed to
concealed carry subject to state law
armed guards okay deterrent one more
tweet now he mentions the age on 18 to
21 age limits watching court cases and
rulings before acting states are making
this decision
things are moving moving rapidly on this
but not much political support to put it
mildly in other
you ablated didn't you bitch hey I'm
just borrowing the president's words
from the rally so this guy going around
ha hey doesn't make any sense man
well you got there a little bit on the
handguns but you don't have on there 15
I'm gonna push him around I'll show you
all of a sudden I'm just gonna I'm gonna
wait and see how much political leverage
here oh really what happened tough guy
now this is Donald Trump talking to the
governor's about how he could stand up
to that all right listen to what he said
back then there's no bigger fan of the
second amendment than me and there's no
bigger fan of the NRA and these guys are
great Patriots they're great people
you won't don't worry about the NRA
they're on our side you guys here for
you are so afraid of the NRA there's
nothing to be afraid of and you know
what if then our with you we have to
fight them every once in a while that's
okay but sometimes we're gonna have to
be very tough and we're gonna have to
fight them really where's the fight as
usual you surrender didn't you didn't
you what happened tough guy you coward
the minute the money spoke well they're
very tough they're very tough I'm not
going to fight him now he didn't just
tease the Republican owners there when
he had the senators at the White House
he also this is a second instance was
also a tough guy there watch this
Christian yourself no no no I just I
think you underestimate the power of the
gun lobby the reason I had lunch with
the NRA on Sunday I called them I said
you got to come home I said fellas we
gotta do something and they do have
great power I agree with it they have
great power over you people they have
less power over me I don't need I don't
what do I need some of you people are
petrified of the NRA you can't be
petrified
look who's petrified now Donald Duck
keep quacking go ahead if it walks like
a duck and talks like a duck it's a
coward duck oh yeah yeah you guys you
guys are scared of him petrified of him
I'll just wait around I know I don't
know any people
I'm sorry I'm sorry at the time Trump
specifically asked Senator Pat Toomey if
the senator had left raising the minimum
age for gun purchases out of his bill
strengthening background checks because
senators are quote afraid of the NRA
well you left it out of your proposal
so I guess coward Trump that makes you
afraid of the NRA doesn't it
now can you make the case no it's not
because I'm scared of that RA it's
because of the American people nope
cannot make that case let me show you
the polls raising the age limit on gun
purchasers is widely popular according
to a political poll this is a recent
poll eighty-two percent think the age
limit should be 21 to purchase an
assault-style weapon and an 81 percent
support requiring purchases of all
firearms to be 21 incredibly popular
with the American people but not popular
with Donald Trump's daughters is he
gonna be with the people or is he gonna
be with the swamp as usual the cowards
links back to his swamp finally overall
his proposals on bump stocks and all the
rest of what he did which is tiny it's
not even a federal background check
which by the way pulls it not 93 percent
in fact I saw a recent poll having a
poll at 97% but he didn't do that either
he did a lower form of a background
check of course the series of proposals
generally fall in line with what the
National Rifle Association supports
that's right even they don't mind the
bump stocks or the weak version of
background checks so at the end of the
day Donald Trump did exactly what he was
told to do by the NRA let me say it one
more time Howard you just watched a
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
