fun story to start with for you guys as
gentleman named Chris tag he's in New
York he's running for supervisor and
assembly candidate he's a Republican so
he was to cut the budget he's gonna be
very tough about that kind of he is
going to be talking to Don Matheson on
WI o X and this radio interview did not
go well let's wasn't it the car in New
York state budget is about a hundred and
forty nine billion dollars that works
out to seven thousand five hundred and
seventy dollars per person as a
comparison Florida has about the same
number of people they spend ninety two
billion dollars that's four thousand
five hundred dollars per person so does
New York spend too little too much or
maybe the right amount
I think they spend too much say no he
wasn't cut they don't spend it in the
right places so what would you cut well
there's there's a lot of different
there's a lot of different programs I
would say that that that need to be
looked at I mean number one well I would
say probably in the areas of hold on one
second would you sure I'm having one of
those moments
Wow Yunos fist-pumping right now Rick
Perry like yes that guy was worse than
me we finally found a guy Rick Perry's
going around town room but my friend
take over here look dude you claimed
that the budget is bloated you running
on it that's your whole thing oh my god
there's some bitch Democrats and
liberals overspending okay name one
thing one thing that they're
overspending on there's not a hostile
interview the guy's gonna try to help
him in a second probably agrees with
them but he's like mmm any idea what
you're running on so it's not an obscure
issue this is not hey what did you think
about the minutiae of one particular tax
bill it's okay we're way over wow we're
way over spending anything anything that
what are we overspending on oh my
favorite part was the breathing then put
him over the top of Rick Perry nicely
done and dude you can't come up with a
single excuse not one like oh hey my
kids are in the room sorry I got
distracted okay what was that again
let's take a break and come back if you
don't mind I'm sorry about the kids I
don't know oh he's not going to the pain
continues maybe I could help some of the
biggest areas that the state spends
money on our education they also spend a
lot of money for Medicaid and you know
what that's exactly where as far as
education goes I'm a proponent of
education and I'd like to see us
especially in rural upstate New York
wait wait wait wait hold on yeah the
question on the table is where will you
cut the budget well I think Medicaid's a
good place to start
but you asked me a question about also
about education I was trying to help you
or saying those are the big areas when
somebody says they're running for office
my job is to ask them specific questions
so okay you're running for the state
assembly if you get elected you're
saying to me that the state spends too
much money so
I would like to know if you get elected
what areas you think the stages spend
less money on and I and I just I just
called your Medicaid that's it well
that's one of them let's talk about guns
mercy that was the host throwing in the
towel you tried to get him out of that
ring so that's the only thing you got we
should cut Medicaid by the way that's
not popular either and there is a really
important point here who cares about
Christian he's running for assembly
candidate in New York that's not the
point the point is for overall for the
Republican Party they're full of it
they don't actually have huge areas of
the budget to cut how do I know that on
the national level well they told us
forever don't worry we can do tax cuts
for the rich and then we'll find plenty
of places that cut well we'll cut no
prob at all right and then it turns out
oh no you couldn't you did the giant tax
cuts and you put a one and a half
trillion not billion one and a half
trillion dollar hole in deficit because
there aren't that many places to cut in
fact one of the places they tried to cut
was chip which is health insurance for
kids and that polled at eighty percent
popularity the program did so cutting a
program that was eighty percent popular
did not play well and then they had they
bargain and HEK held it hostage and poof
Democrats game something in the budget
bill etc and then they pretended they
were for Tripp all along look at the
children's all these years
we're of course report report I mean you
go down the list even if this
knucklehead could name a couple of
things that go to move on the national
level is Oh would you cut foreign aid
that's before nerves getting my right
the number one recipient of foreign aid
is Israel do you want to cut their aid
no we're gonna keep Israel's aid the
number two recipient is Egypt because of
a peace deal they made with Israel so we
need to give it to Egypt because of
Israel do you want to cut that a new
rulers want us to kind of so we can't
cut that either so what do you want to
cut
Chris take right there was a
representation of the Republicans on a
macro level they don't know what to cut
they couldn't possibly cut enough to
justify the tax cut they keep giving for
the rich that is why under Republican
presidents like Ronald Reagan and George
W Bush and Donald Trump deficits always
explode if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now tea why tea network.com slash join
get the whole Yonkers show every day
