we're finally close to having some sort
of verdict on the killing of laQuan
McDonald in Chicago about four years ago
Jason van Dyke it's a police officer who
shot him 16 times primarily when he was
already on the ground
they held the police dashcam as long as
they possibly could until protests
forced them to release it and when it
was released the video makes clear and
perhaps will overlay some of it that his
story about why he had to kill the Quan
MacDonald has no relationship to reality
whatsoever
he said that laQuan was coming at him
with a knife was facing him moving
towards him swinging the knife at him
none of that is true
despite that in testimony so far this
week Jason van Dyke has said the only
reason the tape looks bad for me is
because it wasn't from my perspective if
you saw it from where I was standing
then you too would have immediately
seconds upon getting to this place shot
him 16 times and killed him look at that
time when he's charged him with the
knife before he falls on the ground
there was never any charging there was
never any swinging all there was was the
knee-jerk automatic killing of this man
you brought up in the production meeting
if we could contrast this I believe it
was yesterday there was a shooting
multiple cops were shot in it was a
South Carolina dozen South Carolina yeah
white guy high-powered rifle shoots
multiple cops they took him alive
because of course they do they always do
when he's white black you get two
seconds maybe two I don't even know how
you convince them that you're not a
threat he was walking away from them
they shot him 16 times the main thing
about the point about this Jason van
Dyke this officer that is now on trial
can we burn that video of it because
that really points to what's that I will
all go too long with this but um that
video of Jason van Dyke on trial about
what he saw him what he experienced
space had no expression
his eyes were just bugging out of his
head he had just these huge white eyes
just staring right through me and did
you say anything to the Quan is done I
was yelling at him drop the knife I
yelled I don't know how many times I
thought I was backpedaling that night
you thought the rebelling as you're
firing shot after shot after shot
well I know now and what I thought at
that time are two different things what
a lot of people would say that guy's
lying what a racist POS and the second
one I can I can agree with more but the
first one I don't think he's lying at
all I think it's exactly what he thought
it's exactly what he saw at say he using
absolutely fearful for his life do you
know why because he's afraid of what he
saw so when you're afraid of something
in a position like that and you're like
my only recourse is to use this this
weapon that I have to stop my fears
because no one likes sitting there in
fear you know and not working wondering
what's gonna happen to you you're a
police officer your job is to be intense
fearful situations and to have your cool
and chill out and do the things the
right way if you can't do it don't do it
you know what I won't do I would never
be a police officer so I don't want to
be in those situations so don't do it
if you can't be in those situations or
if you see someone that scares the hell
out of you every time you look at him he
whatever they said he was on I'm figure
what the drugs look want ECPA it was on
and he has this this his eyes were wide
open he was he was totally high it looks
like he was gonna come for me I think he
really thought he was coming for him you
know in 7-eleven I've said this many
times the convenience stores instead of
them you see that ticker on the side
that says five six it's it's a foot
apart each one goes on four foot like
six or seven feet tall because when
people walk into a place and they get
robbed and that's where I puts a gun in
your face you get scared and suddenly
you think that person is huge and the
strongest person you ever seen so when
the police come and say what did he look
like
you go man he was six foot ten weight
300 pounds because I was scared
and so the ticker lets you remember if
he walks in at least it shows how tall
he actually is because people are afraid
for their lives when something like that
happens to them so if you if he's seeing
this guy who's is afraid of and I'm
gonna keep avoiding the the racial
aspect of it even though it's very real
he's afraid because of what he saw him
what he thought this person was gonna do
to him cuz he has super powers he
apparently got some radiation from the
new radiation procedures we have so he's
afraid and he shoots that's the main
problem our approach to these things is
to kill that person and we're so afraid
of and we don't know what else to do it
for firing their face and ahead and
shoot 16 times he's gonna get back up
after you shot in the first four times
and it's lying on the ground writhing in
pain oh is the knife gonna fly up and
shoot across the room because he has
some kind of other superhuman power what
is the price the thought process it's
not there you're just scared don't do
the job if you're afraid of doing it a
fireman can't go to a house fire and say
hey there kids up there on the second
floor but I'm afraid of what he looks
like
oh man that fire is hot I'm not going in
there no that's your job that's why we
praise you that's why we say hey fireman
you're the most brave one of the brave
people in our society
hey military guy you go into the fight
and there's bullets flying at you but
you keep going towards that's why we say
thank you for your service because I
wouldn't do that so if a police officer
sees the ones they are afraid of and
make bow to their fears you're not
you're not one of the better members of
society anymore
yeah I have no praise for you anymore I
don't say a thank you for your service
for being afraid of everything you see
is shooting somebody in the face
16 times there's no more this what am i
praising you for now a fireman runs out
of the building has fire on his back and
it's carrying three people out yeah
thank you cuz I wouldn't have done that
it's amazing I don't know what you have
to earn that respect you don't get it
just cuz you put on a uniform start
shooting people 16 times that's not what
the respect is for it's not for a
uniform us for what you do and you
didn't do it so I've tried five
different times to stop cousins someone
stopped talking before I started yeah
look I I couldn't agree more
we're getting close to a verdict I guess
literally I don't know exactly which way
it'll go but I know what I feel on my
gut I know how this tends to go I can
say that there are 12 jurors now bear in
mind this is an area that is 25%
african-american out of those 12 one is
African American just random chance I
guess and look we have we have the
dashcam footage like with body cams this
is supposed to clear the whole thing up
because we can actually see what happens
you see it there if he gets off and he
might is anyone really gonna be shocked
it doesn't matter how much information
you have you can see exactly what
happened you can know whether there was
any reasonable reason
this person should consider themselves
to be at risk of being killed he wasn't
but he could still move been admitted
himself at the end of that maybe that
time I know now he said yeah
what I thought then is not what I know
now yeah I believe him he never should
have been in that position he never
should've been a police officer the TYT
Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TYT content
at TYT dot-com / app
