a woman is suing her ex-husband who
happens to be a sheriff's deputy in
Georgia because he arrested her got her
arrested over a negative post that she
put on Facebook in regards to him and
his parenting now the woman is an King
and her husband is Cory King she's a
sheriff's deputy he's a sheriff's deputy
in Washington County Georgia and the
post in question goes as follows
she wrote that moment when everyone in
your house has the flu and you ask your
kid's dad to get them not me more motrin
and Tylenol and he refuses now her
friends chimed in including Suzanne
Heintz who referred to Cory King as a
POS quote give me an hour and check your
mailbox I'll be glad to pick up the
slack well officer king did not like
that and so here's what he did according
to the lawsuit that's been filed against
him by his ex-wife her ex-husband told
her to take the post down when she
initially refused he posted a screenshot
on his own Facebook account the
ex-husband then filed an incident report
and according to his own admission
requested an arrest warrant because of
her derogatory statements now they
actually got arrested and spent time
behind bars
the women were charged with criminal
defamation of character processed and
spent about four hours in jail before
they posted $1,000 bail so this is crazy
and I'm glad he's getting sued for this
yeah
triggered much mr. sheriff you want a
safe space dude you know like it's these
concern people like in that they they go
like apoplectic over like the 12 college
kids who've like ever asked for
legitimately ask first a safe space but
then it they constantly constantly like
reveal just how thin-skinned they are
that the the lightest criticism like
home like my husband didn't stop and get
medication is like something worth you
know pulling the full force of the law
onto like it's just it's amazing if
that's the harshest criticism I get yeah
it's good
yeah well she forgot to pick up the bed
experience this man did this to his
ex-wife for saying that that about him
not going to get his children medication
just imagine of the poor people in these
communities that have to be subject to
the abuse of power of law enforcement
like when you think about that that's
the mother of his children right yeah
and she went to jail because she
offended his little boy masculinity
right this little that's the stuff we
were just talking about they did it just
people don't think listen it this is
what we have to deal with so the judge
they had to the women had to you know go
to court and a judge was like yeah I'm
throwing this out I don't even
understand why is crazy
and then to make matters worse the
sheriff's deputy refused to even take
responsibility for what he did what he
admitted to doing so Cory King claimed
he and another defendant in the suit
were not ultimately responsible for the
arrest and that response of the
responsibility fell to the judge Ralph
Todd so he's like well Ralph Todd's the
person who like made the decision to go
forward with the arrest so it says no
it's not his fault
you're the cop here who started this
whole situation so another case of
projection to nandos point all liberals
don't like personal responsibility
wasn't me it wasn't me who arrested my
ex-wife what the judge randomly had it
out for your ex-wife so of course it was
you and by the way it's a good thing she
wasn't poor she was middle class cuz
thousand dollar bail could have kept her
in prison for months yeah she was poor
yeah de facto sentence right and this is
unconstitutional you can't arrest people
for making derogatory statements about
cops that was the case the side of 30
years ago but what do I tell you all the
time it's it's not written in law and
it's not legal but the number one crime
in America is disrespecting a police
officer and so and here it is he did it
to his own wife who was middle-class
that was a mistake
but when they do it to powerless
minorities and by the way powerless
white people do
all across the country they almost
always get away with it if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
