Congress in 2018 probably isn't going to
get much done Mitch McConnell is still
looking to push through as many judges
as he possibly can which could reshape
the judiciary for year for generations
to come but when it comes to policy when
it comes to legislation the their-their
caboodle was probably the tax bill the
one exception to that rule is a bill by
Senator Crapo which would rollback
significant portions of dodd-frank and
it's gotten almost no attention in the
mainstream press but it has already
passed the House of Representatives and
it may pass the Senate any time now and
if it does it will only have been done
with the help of Democrats that there
are three Democrats in particular that
are leading the way on this you have
Heidi Heitkamp John tester and Mark
Warner Mark Warner this is a true
believer this is somebody who has pushed
this kind of policy for a long time he's
not doing this for electoral reasons
Heidi Heitkamp and John tester meanwhile
may have some sympathy for the
underlying policy but our banking
enormous amounts of campaign
contributions in order to fend off
challenges in in 2018 from from
Republicans in in North North Dakota and
Montana respectively the way the bills
being crafted is fairly
non-controversial it's saying well this
this is a bill that's just for community
banks dodd-frank was a well and well
intentioned bill to though to regulate
Wall Street so that we the
too-big-to-fail banks could never again
crash and take down the entire economy
it didn't actually accomplish that but
that was its that was it that was its
mission and so the author of this new
bill say well when it was trying to do
that it took too broad of a brush and
and it swept up all of these poor
community banks and forced all of this
new regulation on them and it's and it's
and it's stifling them but if that's
true one one has to ask the question why
is Citigroup spending so much time and
effort and money to lobby on this
particular bill if it's actually to
benefit their competitors which are
community banks and the answer is
complicated but
whenever there's a bank bill moving
through Congress you can assume that the
major banks are going to try to get
something good out of it you know far be
it for them to let some financial reform
bill go through without without their
input on it separately when people talk
about community banks you might be
thinking about the tiny bank that was in
what was that Christmas movie that
everybody loves you know you might be
thinking about the know Potter's little
community bank but that that's that's
not we're talking about here you know
congressional aides refer to the banks
that are being affected by this as
stadium banks in other words they might
not be a city bank but they're big
enough that they can they can have a
stadium named after them and so what it
would do is take a lot of restrictions
off of these stadium banks so that they
can be unleash to do some of the same
types of things that the too-big-to-fail
banks were doing you know pre-crisis so
that sets you up with these
multi-billion dollar you know couple
hundred billion dollars worth of assets
banks that are now involved in much
riskier activity and the Republicans and
the Democrats that are joining them
would say well you know it's small
enough that it won't take down the
entire economy that's that that's a
that's a very tricky gamble for for them
to take now
Citigroup in particular appears to be
pushing hardest for a provision that
would be a small tweaking language but
what it would do is allow them to use
the municipal bonds that they own or
that they may go out and purchase and
count those as capital so one thing that
dodd-frank did is it said okay if you
want banks to be safer and sounder they
have to have more capital they have to
have more cash lying around so that when
there's a downturn though they can they
can keep paying their bills they can
keep paying their counterparties because
if they can't pay their counterparties
then their counterparty collapses and
that's how you get a cascading effect
and that's what creates a global
financial crisis so banks have enough
cash on hand then you have a buffer
against against a huge crisis and so the
bank is saying okay that's fine we'll
have cash on hand
but let us count these municipal bonds
as cash on hand the problem there is
that municipal bonds you don't have to
be a Wall Street analyst to know this
are not cash there you know they can be
awfully risky and they cannot be awfully
illiquid they can fluctuate dramatically
towns might declare bankruptcy Trump is
in fact going after states and cities in
this recent tax bill he's whacking their
their sources of revenue so just as
you're doing that that's going to hurt
the value of these municipal bonds that
Citigroup is going to then be able to
say well look sure we've got lots of
cash lying around it's right here and
when you look at the cash it's a bunch
of municipal bonds which is not the kind
of thing that you can use to pay a
counterparty in the event of a crisis it
sounds like 60 votes is what would be
needed there's no 60 votes would be
needed but they already have there's 51
Republicans 13 that's the you know
they're at 64 so at this point you'd
have to you have to peel some people off
which with enough pressure I think is
certainly possible I think for somebody
like doug jones who's who's supportive
of this you know he ran as a populist i
don't understand how this helps him you
know get reelected in 2020 except
through increasing campaign
contributions if this will truly were a
community bank bill and it were
community banks first the big banks then
a populist could say yes i would i
support community banks i support credit
unions i support alternative you know
forms of organizing and capital to to
these big banks but that's not actually
what this is this is this is using the
the label of community banks in order to
give gifts to much bigger banks the
three democrats taking the lead on this
a Heidi Heitkamp and I'm told to hide
camp played a significant role in
drafting the legislation with Crapo so
you've got Heitkamp tester and Warner
but you have another ten Democrats who
are supportive of this effort I think
which includes angus King who's an
independent from Maine but he caucuses
with Democrats Tim Kaine is among the
Democrats who are supportive of this
which is politically tricky for him
because this bill makes it almost
impossible for the government to crack
down on unfair lending
practices and one of Tim Kane's kind of
legislative legacies is cracking down on
on unfair lending practices and so it's
it's it's gonna be take some gymnastics
for him to find himself in a place where
he can support this bill which will undo
some of his own legacy people were
speculating that he's doing it as a
favor to his home state Senator Mark
Warner as well as to you know this is
something that the the donor class is
very interested in but you know we'll
see
you know he's currently a sponsor of the
bill but you know with it with enough
pressure from the grassroots he may he
may end up pulling back one thing that's
interesting here is that the group
indivisible which is not exactly a group
it's it's it's hundreds of small groups
around the country organized around
resistance to trump has actually decided
that they're going to make a stink about
this that they're going to try to
pressure the democrats who are on it and
and the and the republicans to try to
stop this because republicans can't do
it alone they need democratic help in
order to roll back dodd-frank and the
question is whether or not democrats are
going to give it so check out the
reporting there's a great team of
reporters on it david dan lee fong k to
iron off said Jelani i you to chavez a
lot of people contributed to this major
piece that we published today
