hey everybody its David Sirota so the
influence of money in politics is pretty
well-known right now it's not surprising
to know that money influences politics
but there's a race happening in Illinois
where the role of money has become so
central to the entire race that it
really defines the race and I'm talking
about the gubernatorial election
unfolding in the state of Illinois
here's the situation and I gotta say
it's one of the most incredible
illustrative situations that I've ever
seen in all of my entire career
reporting on money in politics so the
situation is that Illinois has a finance
mogul as its governor Bruce rauner is a
Republican governor of a of the
typically blue democratic state of
Illinois rauner is worth around
somewhere has been estimated to be worth
around half a billion dollars and he's
backed by a billionaire named Ken
Griffin ken Griffin is a hedge fund
mobile so rauner's poll numbers look not
so great and there's a Democratic
primary unfolding for the nomination to
run against him
rauner in the lead-up to this his
re-election bid has now received a
twenty million dollar a single twenty
million dollar contribution from Ken
Griffin ken Griffin is a again.this
billionaire who funds all sorts of
conservative causes all across the the
country he is given Bruce rauner a
twenty million dollar campaign
contribution a one-day twenty million
dollar campaign contribution if you
don't believe me go to the Illinois
State Board of Elections website and
just put in the name ken Griffin and you
will see it I've never seen anything
like that now that has been able to
happen because Illinois has a law in its
books that says that if any candidate
gives more than about a quarter million
dollars to their campaign basically
campaign contribution limits go away so
there are basically no campaign
contributions in Illinois at this point
in the gubernatorial race now on the
Democratic side a similar situation is
playing out there you have the
front-runner for the nomination as a guy
named JB Pritzker he's worth three to
three and a half billion dollars
according
two estimates he is the heir to the
Hyatt fortune he has put into his own
campaign apparently 56 million dollars
that's just for the Democratic primary
so far so he has put in fifty six
million dollars now here's the
incredible part of the story is that
Pritzker is leading in the polls for the
Democratic nomination but close behind
him is a state senator named Daniel Biss
who was a middle class guy he's from the
Evanston area he was a math professor
he is running close behind Pritzker he's
running on a kind of Bernie Sanders
style platform of Medicare for all
free college tuition and a financial
transaction tax which could raise
significant money in Illinois for public
priorities there this is close behind
Pritzker even though Pritzker is
obviously wildly out spending Biss so
what's amazing here to me is that is is
first and foremost the sheer amount of
money that has flooded into this
gubernatorial race at such an early
stage could potentially make it the most
expensive state election in American
history I mean the the amounts of money
are just completely over the top and
really I think a commentary on the era
that we now live in the other part of
this story though is that at least in
the Democratic primary if you believe
those polls there's a certain segment of
the Democratic electorate that it is in
can be interpreted to be unhappy with
the idea of the Democratic Party which
has been cast as a party of working
people you know fight the little guy
fighting the the big guy that a part of
that Democratic Party is not happy with
the idea of nominating a Hyatt
billionaire as the party's nominee to go
up against a Bruce rauner and his own
billionaire backers that there's a
certain segment of the party that
doesn't necessarily want that and may
want more of a middle class candidate
the fact that this is even close while
being outspent suggests that there is a
part of that party that wants something
different how it will play out it's hard
to know I mean typically who spends the
most money is the candidate who ends up
winning but the the Democratic Party
now faces a question of is the best way
to fight a finance industry governor and
his billionaire backers to simply
nominate a billionaire or is the best
way to put up somebody who is a middle
class candidate the party in Illinois is
going to make that decision but if you
step back I go back to what I said at
the beginning what's important about
this race is Illinois is now an example
of what happens when you have no
campaign contribution limits and money
floods into a race and where money
becomes the central defining factor of
the race where you've got literally tens
and tens of millions of dollars pouring
into a race in a in a basically an
unregulated situation how it plays out
how the voters react there will be an
interesting test to see if if there is
any limit to the amount of money to a
point where people voters become
completely disgusted with the whole
process and and there's kind of a
counter force to it where they put in
place other candidates they nominate
other candidates hard to know what's
going to happen but watch this race it
is a really important race in terms of
you've got a progressive candidate
against a more establishment Democrat
with lots of money there's that
ideological situation but this is also a
question about how people will react to
an absolutely unprecedented amount of
money being thrown at them in the in the
form of television commercials in the
form of all the things that campaigns
spend
