Gabriel Sherman at Vanity Fair is
reporting that Donald Trump is
considering firing pretty much everyone
who works with him at the White House so
look the details of the story are
fascinating and the sources have not
been named there were five Republican
sources who spoke to the reporter here
and essentially indicated that Trump
feels empowered now that certain people
have left Gary Cohen is left of course
hope Hicks has left some of the people
who kind of keep him a little under
control are either leaving or have
already left and so he feels as though
maybe the best way to go about things is
just get rid of everyone mm-hmm so one
of the sources who spoke to Vanity Fair
was quoted as saying the following that
that Donald Trump was speaking to him
and and said the following I'm doing
great but I'm getting all these bad
headlines so I just I'm gonna stop here
for a second I but you're not doing
great and and that's the thing like he's
just completely unaware like he he lacks
any and all self-awareness he is unable
to reflect accurately on his performance
on his life on his life choices
I'm waiting why is the scoreboard saying
otherwise that's exactly it so and by
the way that is part and parcel of the
story and why he keeps changing staff
because he keeps thinking well it can't
be me I'm a very stable genius it's so
so it must be something else it must be
that the press is biased against me and
they're fake news and it must be but the
Schmucks around me who are screwing it
up because the one thing I know for sure
is that it's not me and because he is
obsessed with himself this is the
character trait that Millennials get
stereotyped with on a regular basis and
it's just funny because here you have a
man in his 70s he's in his 70s right
yeah he's a dotard okay don't okay but
anyway completely completely lacks
self-awareness but let's move forward
what they say about Millennials they
lack self-awareness they lack
self-awareness in that day they're
infused to take like they think so
highly of themselves and refuse to take
responsibilities and all that because
because they've been given trophies
their entire lives that's it yeah yeah
so another source told Vanity Fair Trump
is frustrated by all these people
telling him what to do yes it's almost
as if we live in a country that supposed
to have checks and balances but
nonetheless Trump is in command he's
been in the job more than a year now he
knows how the levers of power work he
just doesn't give a yeah so alright
goes on Trump is red-hot about Kelly
trying to control him so it seems as
though Kelly might be one of the first
to go Trump is going to Trump is going
for a clean reset but he needs to do it
in a way that's systemic so it doesn't
look like it's chaos yeah what what do
we what setting are we on now
that's my question it's like guy he's
like it's not gonna it's gonna you know
I'm gonna avoid chaos I feel like that's
been the default saying that's a too
late okay but notice he told us in a
tweet a couple of days ago it's not
chaos it's high energy that is high
energy so I think that he's actually
partly right so let me give a couple
piece of context here first of all in
all these stories of course I'm not in
the camp of mainstream media's fake news
I'm in the camp of hey you know trust
but verify and and you know they have
their establishment bias and all that
stuff so when they just say hey we have
sources inside the White House I'd love
to see if it pans out and it's true or
not true and in this case they have five
Republican officials that's a lot five
right and it has Gabriel Sherman done a
pretty good job of being accurate on
earlier stories and the answer is yes so
this is likely to be true okay and with
Trump he might have told us five
Republicans that and then changes his
mind tomorrow so you never know in that
sense but for the moment being I think
this appears to be true and the part
that Trump is right about is of course
his chief of staff John Kelly's trying
to control for two reasons one he's the
chief of staff so he sets your schedule
so if you get confused cuz you're a
child like oh do you got can't believe
Kelly's trying to set my sched thats his
job that's the job to do that right and
control what goes into the White House
and what doesn't go to the White
so you need someone to do that job but
since child it's his child that's a nice
Freudian slip since Trump is has such
low IQ he doesn't understand that simple
simple concept but there is a second
part to it which is also true that John
Kelly because he's a normal rational
human being not because he's
particularly smart Ord certainly not
correct but overall since he's a normal
person he thinks this guy is an
unbelievable moron so I've got to try to
just nudge him in the right direction
otherwise we're gonna go from high
energy to high chaos nonstop non-stop
and the reason that Kelly's there is
because his predecessor Reince Priebus
just kind of let anyone walk in whenever
it is a direct response to a previous
chaos that still seems to yield the
perception of chaos itself I don't see
how going I mean maybe going back to it
he feels like now that he's familiar
with how it works he he can manage
things but he just I don't see any
evidence yeah I mean I think if the
captain of the Titanic would have just
fired the staff a little sooner and
altogether I think people would have
been a lot calmer but the only thing I
you know I hope I don't have any
affection for any of those people he's
firing the only thing that worries me is
Jack John Bolton is gonna maybe make it
yes great point back into and then we're
right back in then that the guy's a
maniac that's you know and trump's been
lunching with him yes so it seems like
he's shopping around for some
replacements and Bolden might be you
know consideration for is in
consideration but one thing that I do
want to point out though look the
sources of course are not named but you
know I I am curious about where these
Republican sources fall on the issue of
these tariffs because Trump is getting a
lot of heat from some establishment
Republicans who don't like the tariffs
so I'm not saying that you know I
wouldn't believe any Republican who is
against the tariffs saying these things
but you know I have a feeling that some
want them out
and no so Anna your instinct to check
the motivations of the sources is
perfect and I wish that more journalists
would do that instead of going oh a
source says it it must be true I'm
writing it down right the flip side to
that is John Kelly in this case is Pro
is against the tariffs right and so most
of the establishment is with John Kelly
and hence they wouldn't want to
undermine him now that doesn't mean that
there aren't other Republicans to your
point Anna that are for the tariffs and
would loved undermine John Kelly and and
so you always have to keep out of mine
as to where people are coming from I'll
tell you this if he gets hurt of John
Kelly and and McMaster who's the other
guy that they the national security
adviser he's trying to get rid of those
are the first two up and Anna's got a
great twist for you guys on who's next
after that but if those two go and
McMaster is already basically gone
they've pre announced it
he this whole idea Trump is I got this
man I've been here a year I've got this
figured out it's not it's never been
high energy it's always been chaos it's
gonna go from chaos to insanity and it's
and it's gonna devolve way quicker and
he's gonna make horrible decisions
completely unchecked let alone again the
last layer of the story will be who's
coming in to replace them part of that
is just one quick note on what Jimmy
said they're thinking of Bolton in one
of those positions that guy's a neocon
loves Ward like might be literally the
number one war monger in the country so
if he comes in batten down the hatches
for the pandemonium that might break out
and and by the way I'd like to thank
Tucker across him for doing the country
a little bit of a favor a sense as I
never thought I'd say but earlier in the
week I thought about covering this story
didn't but I wish I had because now I
know how important that little interview
was to cross an interview with John
Bolton and kind of embarrassed them
publicly about how he was wrong about
the Iraq war yeah and Bolton was furious
and there was like this wonderful
awkward moment on fox news and I now
realize based on this reporting o
Bolton's auditioning for a position by
going on Fox News went up Carlson
torpedoes of
the issue of the Iraq war which Trump
kept saying was a bad idea during the
campaign man he put a hurtin on bolt in
there that's why boat was so mad so was
I hope that works look at Tucker Carlson
I don't remember the whole history if he
fell in with the Pat Buchanan crowd but
I think he might have either way even if
he's faking it today I'll still take he
because the last guy in the world I want
in that White House is shovel you know I
just never know what Tucker Carlson
because I can't tell if he honestly
believes all these time I'm talking
about Hoss about this as he writes his
pieces in the morning but like I can't
tell if Tucker Carlson earnestly
believes all the things he's saying or
if he was just so petrified by the
feeling of losing his job once after
being publicly embarrassed in the wake
of the crossfire Jon Stewart era when he
was kind of flailing in nowhere and now
he's back at the plate he's grateful to
have dinner every night and so he's just
giving all of these lines and then
moments like this come up where Tucker
just says like you know what for six
minutes I'm just gonna just gonna win an
argument on high terms and that's it I
know I know I just think he puts his
finger in the wind and it's blowin right
now that the base that are
non-interventionist right they and right
and Trust won by insulting Jeb Bush over
the Iraq war so and everybody including
crowd homers says that's a big mistake
to do that that it wasn't a mistake
everybody hated the Iraq war right and
they hated that we got lied to about it
even the people who were for it hated
that we got lied to about it so I think
that's what Tucker Carlson is doing he
knows that the people watching they're
on his side or he just takes the side of
the picked audience right all right so
according to Vanity Fair next on the
departure list are Jared Kushner and
Ivanka Trump damn yeah so look and again
part of the problem and part of the
reason is because of security clearance
issues and Trump just doesn't like the
negative headlines and doesn't want to
attribute those negative headlines to
his own behavior but rather the people
around him but he's still super loyal to
his family so according to these sources
is finding trying to find a way to get
rid of them
where there
gonna be embarrassed and they would
agree to it so for instance one scenario
being discussed is that Kushner would
return to New York to oversee Trump's
2020 re-election campaign with his ally
Brad parse her scale also Ivanka is
likely to stay on longer perhaps through
the summer before decamping home to New
York to enroll her children in a
Manhattan private school they go to
private school she's been fighting very
aggressively for women's rights though
so I love what how they described a
Jared Kushner situation they said he's
wandering around the White House trying
to find something to do because he
doesn't have security clearance so he's
trying to save face by being like no
well yeah listen the coffee needed to be
refilled it did yeah it did that's you
just somebody had to do it right and so
they say that the campaign job might be
quote unquote soft landing for a Jared
oh I love that you just picture him like
trying to use his key card to get in
places it's not it's out oh I must have
demagnetized
yeah I've had must had to close my
credit cards with the disappearance of
this to say that he's gonna do a clean
reset of his cabinet NPR reported
earlier this week that the number of
high the percentage of high-level
appointments and people in the White
House 43 percent of them are gone we're
almost halfway there yeah that's that's
unprecedented so it's clean reset we've
done like half a reset yeah we just need
to fully unplug and plug it back in and
remember there are still positions that
have gone unfilled especially with you
know the Department of Homeland Security
you know positions that are important
for the national security of the country
Trump hasn't made a lot of those
appointments yet and I I mean he's gonna
know it's just it is chaos it is chaos
like he doesn't want to do the job he
just doesn't want to do the job and
right
he's gonna have all these vacancies
within his own cabinet he hates Rex
Tillerson - I don't know when Rex
Tillerson is gonna be Rex the exxon
mobil deal is dead Rex's I said this
earlier of the week
tick-tock he's gonna leave any minute
now because he doesn't want to be there
he's like I came here to lift the
sanctions and get that nine trillion
dollar deal with Exxon done I stay it's
not happening what the hell am I doing
here
so he I'd be shocked if he didn't leave
so who's gonna replace these guys so so
we talked about Bolton's own possibility
but he wants to bring back his old pals
David bossy and most importantly Corey
Lewandowski show we're like someone
leaves to go like do their own spin-off
and it fails miserably and they just
like come back it's like there is one
episode of Seinfeld we're like George
quits and then regrets it and the next
day just like shows up at work yeah
that's right that's what's gonna happen
so there's 43 percent IRR gone you won't
be able to keep tabs on who's gone and
returned so Lewandowski Trump loves
because Lewandowski does several things
one is Oh books you're so right boss oh
they had a common boss okay I tell you
if your breath nobody's better than you
big bye well you got it okay another
reason is Lewandowski is as much of a
jerk and blowhard and a ninja and almost
as stupid as Donald Trump so and so
they're like peas in a pod
any missus is budding Corrine they used
to do all the silly things in the middle
of the night but nobody was looking at
those you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
