a US citizen who was radicalized by
Muslim extremists and actually went to
the Middle East to help aid in terrorist
attacks geared toward our troops ended
up actually turning on al-qaeda becoming
an informant for the CIA and even though
he spent some time behind bars for the
crimes that he committed he was under
the impression that after he got out he
would get some witness protection or
some protection program so he wouldn't
be harmed or targeted by individuals
that he used to work with when he was a
terrorist now now that he's out of
prison though it turns out that he has
not received any protection and is
concerned about whether or not it was a
smart idea for him to agree to give all
this information knowing that now
knowing that he wasn't going to get the
protection that he was originally
promised now the story is about one
specific person but understand that
there are broader ramifications when it
comes to potential informants working
with prosecutors working with the CIA
and giving important information in
regard to terrorists and terrorist plots
now Anna before you explain the context
of the story I just want to explain that
at the end I will tell you why they did
it because as you read the story you're
like why the days at the end renege on
this guy it doesn't seem to make any
sense well there's a very real political
reason why they did it so I'll explain
later
right so let's start from the beginning
let's talk about how he was captured and
prosecuted now he was captured back in
2008 after training for months at a
camps Bryant Neil Venus is his name he
quickly turned on his fellow jihadis and
began helping American investigators
dismantle the group even the federal
judge who sentenced him described his
cooperation as remarkable now understand
that he didn't turn on al-qaeda on his
own he actually got caught while he was
in the Middle East and then he was
brought to the United States and
prosecuted now when he was caught he
immediately turned on al-qaeda and gave
the prosecutors the information
necessary
to capture other terrorists and also
figure out you know which terrorist
plots were planned against the United
States and troops abroad now here's what
he said to the New York Times he said I
helped I helped them meaning the u.s.
kill my friends if that doesn't show how
you're willing to turn your life around
I don't know what will now he took part
in 100 interviews he also reviewed 1,000
photographs and helped in more than 30
law enforcement investigations
prosecutors have also said that he was
the single most valuable cooperating
witness about al-qaeda activities
spanning his time in Afghanistan and
Pakistan also one day before he was
released
Venis learned that he would not be
granted protection so he did get a
prison sentence he served his sentence
and then one day before he was gonna get
out he was informed that he was not
going to receive the protection that he
was promised now why why what reason did
the Department of Homeland Security give
for denying him this protection well
apparently a psychologist who examined
him during his final days in prison said
he could be a possible threat to the
people protecting him
the psychological evaluation caught
everyone off guard including the judge
in fact the judge was furious about that
psychological evaluation he received
another psychological evaluation that
indicated that he pose absolutely no
threat or no risk to the individuals who
could potentially protect him but it
didn't matter the Department of Homeland
Security did not change its mind they
decided not to give him the protection
that was originally promised to him so
as I read the whole story at first I was
winning and they don't reveal it till
the end so who's the one who ordered did
he not get the protection because the
prosecutor wanted him to get the
protection the defense attorney wanted
it or already that's it we should be
done the judge also wanted it okay then
we should be triply done and the FBI who
worked on the case wanted him to get it
so what the hell happened
well the higher-ups in the Justice
Department
are the ones who at the last second said
we disagree with everyone we're not
giving them witness protection why it's
a political decision they don't want to
seem like they gave someone who is in
al-qaeda witness protection right they
want it it's the Trump administration
and they want to say well we're tough on
al-qaeda and we're not like the softies
like the Obama guys we're gonna give him
witness protection we showed him ah
right now let's dissect how stupid that
is first of all let's be really clear I
have no sympathy for Venus okay I they
lay it out in a way of like oh this poor
schmuck he gets involved and I he
converted to Islam in 2004 cuz he liked
a girl at a mall or something oh no no
no and I don't think anyone is even
trying to illustrate it in that way he
he was a bad guy he wasn't radicalized
by a woman he met at the mall he had
deep disdain for the US government he
had deep disdain for our military
he absolutely despised our foreign
policy something that I can relate to
but of course that that does not give
you any type of warrant to go out there
and be radicalized and carry out
terrorist attacks he would help members
of al-qaeda carry out you know violent
actions against our military members in
the Middle East he was planning to but
never got a chance to write so that's
what the FBI and the prosecutors say so
look we have a slight difference on on
the reading of the New York Times story
I thought that they tried to paint him
in a little bit of a sympathetic light I
wasn't buying it because look let's just
go over what an idiot he is in a couple
of different ways and a bad guy one he
converts it becomes a fundamentalist no
interest that's monumentally stupid my
idea in my view of the world and then he
listens to Anwar al-awlaki who was a
recruiter for al-qaeda and he's like oh
yeah that'd be great
oh this is jihad sounds so much so
glorious right and then he goes to
Pakistan northern Pakistan in
Afghanistan and finds out it's a
miserable life oh you schmuck of
Schmucks of course it's a miserable life
but like these guys they really get into
it they're so stupid they think like oh
we're gonna go there we're gonna fight
like I see in the movies and then we're
gonna win or something I don't know
right and he's like it turns out that he
went there and they were asked to sleep
and flee rhythmically infested sleeping
bags its northern Waziristan what did
you think was gonna happen and he says
they got bad food like rice and potatoes
something or other that gave him
diarrhea you're going to North
Waziristan to join al Qaeda what did you
think was going to happen and by the way
they shouldn't be the worst of it the
worst of it should be that you're being
asked to kill other human beings right
including your former countrymen all
right also according to the New York
Times
Venis suggested bombing the Long Island
Railroad as a way to hurt the New York
economy so again I just want to really
emphasize no sympathy for this guy he's
a bad guy and then when when we can we
the Americans capture him he's like uh
yeah that was uncomfortable over there
okay screw it here I'll give you info on
all my former friends that I spent a lot
of time with bonded with etc and go
ahead and kill them all
I mean look I'm glad II turn on al Qaeda
and there's one upside here for the
government that I'll explain in a second
this is a bad guy everywhere you slice
it so now having said that if you don't
give them witness protection then the
word of the government doesn't mean
anything and the next person who is
negotiating for witness protection will
think now I'm not gonna help you I'm not
gonna help you with the mob I'm not
gonna help you without Kate I'm not
gonna help you with terrorism because it
turns out the US government doesn't keep
its word and it's not going to protect
me and I'm gonna die so No Deal that is
such a terrible precedent just thinking
through for a second instead of your own
stupid political calculation worried
about the country on our national
security I'll give you one really
interesting example we captured Nazis
obviously some Nazis and some high-level
Nazis during World War two and we
brought them to America
you know what the interrogators did they
waterboarded him
they didn't Natan waterboard him they
didn't torture him they played ping-pong
with them and then gave them steak
dinners why cuz they like Nazis no you
know why because they wanted information
and so the Nazis would get here they're
in the middle of a terrible war it's
Heather they get here and there's no
fleas and they get a nice steak dinner
and they're like you know Bob you're a
good guy here I'll tell you where the
u-boats are yes that's how you get
information actually with with Venus
what happened was the FBI had taken him
to Katz's delicatessen in in New York
City and that was when he decided to
start talking like all it took was a
pastrami sandwich we're talking which is
kind of incredible oh no I don't blame
him on that right they have good
pastrami sandwiches but the one thing
that I do want to say is you know
everyone who was involved in his case
from the judge to the prosecutor to the
defense attorney everyone who was
involved in it agreed that he was such
an incredibly important informant in
capturing other extremists that wanted
to cause real harm to America and
Americans abroad and so having having
informants like that matters and what
I'm worried about is not if you renege
on your promises then you are going to
deter other potential informants from
sharing vital information about
terrorists and terrorist activities
abroad so that is what I'm concerned
about even though you know the more
primitive part of me just wants to say
yeah you don't get witness protection
sorry you're a bad guy you know that's
that's my that's my primitive part of me
but also when you think about in a
rational way and you think about you
know the broader ramifications
you can't renege on that promise yet
look my friends and family I live in New
York I grew up in New Jersey so I have
no sympathy for this guy but we got to
be smart because otherwise we won't get
information to prevent those bombings so
at the end of the article they talk
about how for a while the government was
paying for his hotel room as they're
figuring out whether he's going on
witness protection or not then they
stopped paying for it then he had to go
on food stamps because he couldn't get a
job that's not our problem man that's
his problem he should have thought of
that before
but you at least need to put him in
witness protection so he doesn't get
killed and it's not about him it's about
the next cases as an appointed up now
that's the heart of the story I just
want to say two quicker sizes about what
I learned in this story about how
effective or ineffective our government
is one really positive and one negative
so the positive is it turns out that he
said they explained that in the drone
strikes based on the information they he
gave them they actually got all those
guys so the guys that he had been with
and it's also fascinating information
about al-qaeda there was like a 300
pound six foot five Kuwaiti guy I love
this part yeah because it just gives you
a lot of insight into how they think
about America yeah he he wanted to be a
suicide bomber but it turns out he
really liked American goods in fact the
main terrorist leader that that this guy
communicated with loved McDonald's and
Arby's okay and and so one of the guys
had studied in Texas and and loved
barbecue and and somebody like these
really all-american stuff but the
Kuwaiti guys thought so then why do you
want to be a suicide bomber and he said
well it's a one-way ticket to heaven you
know it's a one-way ticket to paradise
go back to Texas and eat barbecue okay
that's paradise I think it is anyway but
so it turns out sometimes the drone
strikes work that's good news and they
kill a lot of civilians but it's good to
see they actually kill some bad guys too
and now the bad news this is what I've
been saying for over a decade and and no
one else seems to notice this but the
CIA is totally incompetent so this guy
this schmuck of Schmucks from the middle
of New Yorkers their booth wanders into
al Qaeda and finds out seeing a
leadership and helps to wipe them out
why don't you send in a spy to do
likewise apparently they can't tell
anything they're like Oh a dude from
Queens come on in right so why don't he
he was a he's a white guy who converted
Hispanic okay whatever
right I can find a white guy
many guy find a blank I find a
muslim-american the CIA should have
infiltrated the hell out of al-qaeda and
Isis then apparently they're not taking
enough risks and it's easy for me to say
yes but I didn't sign up to be in the
CIA do your job what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
