a Texas judge has been accused of using
torture tactics to retaliate against a
specific defendant that he felt was out
of order in court now this case involves
a man who was convicted of soliciting
sex by a minor and his conviction
indicated that he would get a pretty
lengthy sentence of 60 years behind bars
but that conviction was thrown out
because of the treatment that he
received from the judge now the judge in
this story is Judge George Gallagher and
apparently during this case he had
strapped a stun strap onto the defendant
and what the stun strap does is
essentially electrocute an individual
who is supposed to be a threat to people
in the courtroom but the problem in this
case was that the defendant did not
serve as a threat in fact the defendant
was just responding to the judge in a
way that the judge didn't like and as a
result got shocked three separate times
now there was a court that a panel of
judges that responded to this case and
they did find that Judge George
Gallagher was out of line in this case
now let me give you the specific details
now defendants are sometimes strapped
with a stun belt around their legs the
device or the devices are used to
deliver a shock in the event the person
gets violent or attempts to escape in
the case of Terry Lee Morris though the
device was used as punishment for
refusing to answer a judge's questions
during his 2014 trial on charges of
soliciting sexual performance from a 15
year old girl the judge shocked Morris
three separate times now how bad is the
shock is it debilitating is it you know
severe enough to warrant throwing in
this case out well the stun belt
delivers an 8 second 50,000 volts shock
to the person wearing it which
immobilizes him so that bailiffs can
swiftly neutralize any security threat
when activated the stun belt can cause
the person to cease suffer heart
irregularities your
or defecate and suffer possibly
crippling anxiety as a result of fear of
the shocks now he did suffer from severe
anxiety in fact the shocks were so bad
that he was too afraid to go back for
his sentencing hearings and since he
wasn't there they had to throw out that
case they threw out the conviction now
to be fair he will receive a new trial
but what did he say in court that upset
the judge so so much well the judge
asked him to enter a plea and apparently
the defendant had a lawsuit against the
judge and asked the judge to recuse
himself as a result of that lawsuit and
he also did not want to work with a
defense attorney that was given to him
that was all he said judge didn't like
it stunned him asked him to enter a plea
again didn't do exactly what the judge
wanted stunned him again and then
finally a third time it happened
so again the case got thrown out he's
getting a new trial luckily but this is
insane you can't torture defendants
because they're not acting in a certain
way so a bunch of problems here look
this is why you shouldn't put stun belts
on human beings if you say hey look we
should give the cops the the tasers so
that if they're about to shoot someone
use the Taser instead okay that's fine
but does it look like it's stopping them
from shooting people anyway it just
seems like they're using it when they
could normally use their hands without
that's a pain okay I mean I was gonna
kill this guy anyway but let's taste
them okay that's bad enough and that's a
separate thing but when you put it on a
human being like they're a dog you know
what's gonna happen they're gonna abuse
it at first it's gonna be all of it
there's someone who's in imminent danger
then maybe danger and then maybe I don't
like what you're saying in this case the
defendant was actually completely right
he said I sued you you should definitely
recuse yourself from this case that's
correct right so the judge can't be
impartial and then the judge proved his
case by shocking him for no reason what
he was a lot of physical thread that's
and so the thing that's also super
frustrating about this is so they throw
out to that particular case against them
but nothing ever happens to Judge George
Gallagher because if you're in power you
could assault people and you can do
whatever you want and get away with it
so I mean if the defendant had used a
stun gun on the judge three different
times by the way eight seconds of fifty
thousand volts eight seconds that is an
incredibly long time to get shocked what
the defendant would the court have said
oh well the defendant tisk tisk you
shouldn't have used a stun gun on the
judge okay
well judge you're free to go but we
won't do anything to the defendant no
the defendant would be in a world of
trouble he would get years and years of
imprisonment for that but if you're a
defendant you treated like a dog a
couple different points that I'd really
like to make so point number one is this
is torture he did not serve as an
imminent threat to anyone he just had
the audacity to ask the judge to recuse
himself for a specific and accurate
reason and as a result he gets the I
mean cruel and unusual punishment is
something that we are supposed to be
against as Americans but even if you
look at this guy and you think well he
solicited sex from a minor I have no
sympathy for him I don't care how he's
treated fine okay sure but also
understand that taxpayers in Texas now
have to spend more of their resources on
a retrial because this judge can't
handle someone speaking to him in this
kind of you know in this way right so he
has to go through this entire trial
process again it's gonna cost more
taxpayer money this is just such a it's
a giant waste even if you don't care
about the you know inhumane treatment of
this defendant what like why would we
allow or be in favor of a judge treating
anyone like this and look I don't love
slippery slope arguments but it is a
slippery slope if you have Bouldin
judges to torture people like this
torture defendants like this who's to
say that they wouldn't treat other
defendants of nonviolent crimes in a sin
or fashion it's absolutely ridiculous so
luckily the Texas eight Court of Appeals
heard this case against the judges
actions and they ruled against him now
as far as I've seen and I've done a ton
of research on the story he hasn't faced
any type of consequence or any
ramifications for his actions but here
is what justice Yvonne Rodriguez said
about this case we do not believe the
trial judges can use stun belts to
enforce decorum a stun belt is a device
meant to ensure physical safety it is
not an operant conditioning collar meant
to punish a defendant until he obeys a
judge's whim the court cannot sit idly
by and say nothing when a judge turns a
court of law into a skinner box
electrocuting a defendant until he
provides the judge with behavior he
likes now this is how we do human eyes
people there should be legal
ramifications for the judge but you know
there's two different justice systems in
America so that is unlikely to happen by
the way the defense law was also a
miserable he didn't even object while
his client is getting shocked over and
over again and so this is an absolute
embarrassment but look again that is why
you don't put stun belts on human beings
because eventually that slope slides and
and and thank God the the higher courts
at least put an end to it and said it's
not acceptable but it's not acceptable
to put it on him in the first place
we're supposed to treat fellow human
beings that way because he was a
terrible person or an alleged by the way
he had wasn't even convicted yet alleged
to be a terrible person he was convicted
he was convicted by this judge no but at
that point no no no no no he said he was
asking for a guilty or not guilty plea
at that point he had not been convicted
okay he's asking for a plea so he's
zapping a guy that we don't even know
yet is guilty but if we say that's okay
then we say torture is okay and and it's
that's not the country we want to be be
in and that's not our rule of law so we
got to stop being so barbaric to one
another if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm /join and once
you do you'll be saying you know
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me
EUI tea network.com / joy
