fresh off of its recent spending scandal
Ben Carson's Department of Housing and
Urban Development finds itself back in
the news and this time it's over a
honestly a pretty honest admission of a
change to the core mission of that
department so first we're gonna read you
what for a long time their mission
statement has said for again Department
of Housing and Urban Development HUD
submission is to create strong
sustainable inclusive communities and
quality affordable homes for all HUD is
working to strengthen the housing market
to bolster the economy and protect
consumers meet the need for quality
affordable rental homes utilize housing
as a platform for improving quality of
life build inclusive and sustainable
communities free from discrimination and
transform the way HUD does business so I
think a lot of people can look at that
mission statement say yes that is
exactly what one area of the government
should be working on that is incredibly
important especially when you you
realize when you read you know history
that when it comes to institutionalized
racism housing policy was a gigantic
area where that institutionalized racism
took place and that's why we needed a
government department like HUD to help
to fight back against that unfortunately
that's its old mission statement they
just rolled out their new one and here
it is HUDs mission is to ensure
Americans have access to fair affordable
housing and opportunities to achieve
self-sufficiency thereby strengthening
our communities and nation hashtag
bootstraps
so you'll notice there nothing about
inclusivity freedom from discrimination
any of that stuff that really references
the historic mission of HUD instead it
is hey you can afford your housing and
hopefully you'll be able to take care of
yourself and make the community better
because we're certainly not going to
take care of you yeah there's only one
reason why you take that verbiage out
later a spokesperson for Carson's HUD
said well no it's you know we definitely
believe in inclusion and and being
against discrimination then why did you
take it out of your mission statement if
you definitely believe it why not just
leave it in there because it's such a
proactive move to take it out of the
mission statement if you're writing
new one from scratch like oh hey we're
starting this new cabinet position a
housing and urban development what
should be the mission statement and you
didn't put that in there I don't think
if people flip out like they but some
people would make an argument and I
might make an argument that you should
have that in there right but if you say
hey you know what look that's this is
the core mission but then okay that's
debatable but you go out of your way to
take yeah discrimination out of the
mission statement then yeah we get the
question whether you're actually want to
stop discrimination or not so there's
two elements two parts to this one is if
you want to make sure that people can
discriminate in housing well what are
you gonna do if you're the Trump
administration its Trump 101 it's
conservative 101 you're gonna get a
minority and you're gonna get him to
remove the language about discrimination
so that if anyone says hey wait a minute
I thought this was to help you know
different communities in the country
didn't you get black we win we've had
bad courses black right I've seen this
trick a billion times on Fox News yeah
all right now Sean Hannity will bring on
now for black people to yell at other
black people okay go proceed right like
are you on this planet have you been
paying attention to what's going on like
this is not a cute little trick where we
like and know what are liberals supposed
to be like oh he's black so we can't say
anything okay whatever ben Carson says
now I think you got the wrong liberal
son so and then secondly this ben Carson
actively wanted to screen aid against
african-americans or Latinos I don't
know but there is one thing a group that
I know that he wants to discriminate it
yes and that's what might actually be
driving this and that's the LGBTQ
community and so he has spoken out
against them all the time and by the way
no one questions Ben Carson's
fundamentalism he is a Seventh day
Adventist and a fundamentalist one at
that and so they have interesting
thoughts you might want to look into it
and if you say hey can't discriminate
against all seventh-day adventists I'd
be the first one on your side and you
should make assumptions but ben Carson
has been vocal about his fundamentalist
beliefs in that religion and part of
that is saying that gay people in
America should not have the same rights
as straight people
well when you're a cabinet official in
charge of non discrimination in housing
and then you take out the words
non-discrimination and you say yeah it's
okay to discriminate and you're on the
record as being pro discrimination at
least in regards to that community
that's deeply problematic yeah you can't
really blame him for the fundamentals of
no I mean an angel taught him chemistry
at that point you pretty much have to
believe for the rest of it look it up
it's the true story he told it yeah I
got it just if you don't know that story
I gotta tell it to you in 30 seconds
because it shows you that we have a
lunatic that's a cabinet member here and
a person who's like a sick panderer he's
just here's no moral character okay he
actually did well in school he became a
well respected doctor but that didn't
play well for his conservative base who
he sells books to and gets paid to give
speeches who gets paid a lot of money to
pick give speeches to so he had to
pretend that he was a dumb black man
like he said chemistry and I didn't know
it at all and I couldn't study it and I
was lazy but I fell asleep and his story
look it up in his story he falls asleep
and an angel comes to him and teaches
him chemistry in his sleep because a
black man can't be smart enough to know
chemistry and angel had to give it to
him oh and the conservative right-wing
audience they eat that story up and then
became better right here's another
$10,000 another $20,000 Ben told me that
BS story again he's either a lunatic who
thinks angels come and talk to him in
the middle of the night and or he's a
sick pandering immoral character the
answer by the way might be both he's
also a dangerous violent black man from
that chloro all those things is he
supposed to keep on remember he was - he
was his mother somebody was yeah he was
gonna hit his mother with a hammer
please he's naturally a violent stupid
black person who eventually found God
I'm off he found God before that but the
angel helped him study and I'm not sure
what brought him out of his violent
nature yeah I know that it was Jesus in
a bathroom I remember and then you
remember the famous story where he tried
to stab a friend with a knife but it hit
his belt buckle and the knife broke what
I proposed
really you went like this it happened to
hit just the right belt buckle and break
by the way they asked his friend they
asked all his friends did that story
ever happened did he ever try to stab
someone which is a significant crime
that you know and he said he did it in a
school that he gets suspended in school
or out of school suspension nothing
nothing it's totally made up
because Ben Carson is deeply immoral and
goes around panner and a white people
who happen to be right-wing not all
white people of course the right wing
love those BS stories so then they go
hey who should destroy housing and urban
development we got the perfect guy Ben
Carson come on in come in here make sure
that we can discriminate and do whatever
the hell we want to these folks remember
that's what we pay you for Ben one last
thing to wrap up this 30 seconds yeah
you don't know the black folks have
terrible aim so he hit right at the belt
buckle it's it's another state I think
it angel
lightly nudged the knife into the belt
buckle okay and then finally on this
story he says that that's okay he
actually does not want to help poor
people that much because if he doesn't
want them getting used to good things in
life because that'll SAP their energy
from being able to work harder now I
don't know if you remember just about a
week ago Ben Carson got in trouble for
ordering a new $31,000 dining table in
his office
now Ben you're on the government Dole
there you literally take government
money and I don't want you to get too
comfortable in that big government
office well I don't know why you got
that dining table that looks so nice now
shouldn't you just make sure that you
just eat on the whole table so you don't
get too used to the big government money
and and want to settle in seems a little
hypocritical if you liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
