michael mcallister wrote in on youtube
super chattin and unfortunately it's the
first time that i found out about it
because we're live on the air here but
thank you for writing in michael says
three injured in Huffman high school
shooting one student has died and so
then I I saw that YouTube super Shaq
comment during the break and then I
wanted to ask John what do we got what's
the update on yes so the way that it's
being described in the updates are
they're literally coming in every few
minutes is that uh they are saying that
a student brought in a gun showed it off
to what's being described as a few
female students it seems the gun
discharged it's being described so far
at least as an accident however it did
strike multiple students one died
burning Birmingham City school system
put out a statement that says two
students were involved in a shooting
during dismissal today a Hoffman high
school the school was placed on a brief
lockdown and police were called to the
scene
students have been released and police
are actively invested in the
circumstances surrounding the shooting
so there's a part of story that doesn't
seem to make much sense but it just
happens so you always get a little bit
of reporting that so that's at least a
little off in the beginning if it was an
accidental discharge why did it hit
several people but it might not have so
notify nitrate
yes that's of course it's possible so
we'll see but it that's not important
what's important is let's take the
best-case scenario which is that it's
not a purposeful school shooting that he
he was just showing it off and it went
off which is exactly what we warned you
about yeah what you said look right now
Florida passed the law where they're
going to arm 37,000 teachers none of
them are going to accidentally discharge
their firearm in a school yes they are
here I'll give you stats about it yeah
in a recent year Japan had thirteen
people die from guns overall homicides
suicides accidents 13 now granted
they're one third of our science
population-wise okay so Triplett and
call thirty-nine okay we had in that
same year in America 505 people die from
just gun accidents there was tens of
thousands who died from homicides and
suicides by God but 505 just by Acts
from guns and that happens every year
you know why because there's guns
everywhere and now when you say let's
bring the guns into the schools the
accidents will happen in the schools and
little kids will die and unfortunately
it looks like that's exactly what
happened exactly letting up when they
hear this kid his gun actually go off
where there where now the teachers like
oh that's a good fire that's such a
great point I hadn't thought about that
and if you armed the teachers and then
they rush out and they're not cops
they're teachers and then they start
shooting Oh for Christ's sake and then
that teacher has to decide in an instant
is this an accident is he pretending as
an accident just shoot somebody and they
have to decide and you have told the
teachers it is now your obligation to
make life-or-death decisions about your
students will you burnt murder your
students or will you not you now need to
do that and we're gonna give you a
couple of hours of training to help you
figure it out we're turning all our
schools into the okay Corral it's
insanity if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
