thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt Lindsay Graham
is an open-minded guy who just wanted to
get to the truth find out what's in the
report now the report is out and here is
what he thinks about it I'm confident
the FBI did a good job they were not
hindered in any way the focus of the
background check was on credible
allegations before the committee I was
looking for certain things to be
answered by witnesses I'm more confident
than ever that what the committee found
has held up and then some the main thing
for me is that you need to go to the FBI
and you need to ask them did they feel
like they were able to do their job
without interference and I think the
answer is yes the senators who requested
the supplemental FBI background check
got what they requested and I am ready
to that yeah he was ready to vote before
that was absolutely full of lies obvious
demonstrable lies but it's Instagram so
what do you know time that was when it
was 11:50 4 a.m. Eastern I think they
they began looking at it 8 a.m. in the
shifts we talked about Chuck Grassley a
one of the process to be kept in so they
would they would make sure that there
was no leaking because maybe some
politicians from whatever side want to
leak what they saw to the public and
they want to keep it under wraps so for
each party they'd have to view the
important one hour shifts and the
document would change hands parties
change hands between the parties each
hour it's been so from 8 a.m. to almost
noon they'd had almost four hours and
he's already giving interviews tell me
how sure he is or what happened and he's
ready to vote I wonder how much he and I
staff actually looked at those report
that before it I mean do you think he
looked at it maybe he went in the room
with it I doubt he cared to actually
look so look we have a little bit more
video but I think we should make two
things clear here based on the reaction
of many Republicans to this report and
not just the Republican
but also their supporters because I've
been seeing a lot of conversation the
right-wing pundits the regular
right-wing voters talking about this -
things have become very clear the first
having to do with the Republican
senators is do you remember back before
the FBI investigation in fact before
Cavanaugh and Ford testified at all
there was the doppelganger theory going
around or that the Ed Whelan I guess
there was just a guy that looked a lot
like Brett Kavanaugh in the area who
tried to rape Christine Blasi Ford those
were theories that were laughed at
however flash-forward a week or so that
is what every Republican senator that is
so far on the record saying they will
vote for Brett Kavanaugh obviously
believes is going on because they
continually say she is credible we
believe that she was attacked but we
also believe Brett Kavanaugh he didn't
attack her
so somebody back in 1982 in that area
that looked enough like Brett Kavanaugh
that she has been fooled this entire
time into believing it was him tried to
rape her so in one week we moved from
crazy conspiracy theory that has laughed
at across the internet to every
Republican senator believes that this is
literally what happened and they were
willing to put some on the Supreme Court
because of it here's the reality because
the reality honestly is is they either
don't believe her or they don't care
that it happened or they don't care yeah
yes maybe I'm wrong maybe that's the
best case scenario for some of it's the
worst case scenario is that they think
that sexual assault not so bad
the second thing this is I guess
something that that women this country
probably known for a long time guys are
waking up to it we are not so different
from other parts of the world where
women's testimony is considered to be at
best a fraction as valuable as that of a
man they continually say there is no
evidence that any of these things
happened that means that all of these
women what they are saying means
absolutely nothing there needs to be a
man who says she is right there needs to
be a man that was there if Mark judge
doesn't say that she's telling the truth
her testimony amounts to nothing it is
like the despotic regimes that we mock
for not having the enlightened view of
women and equality that we have here and
yet when it comes time for a situation
like this we treat women exactly the
same sure sure you believe that you were
raped
okay maybe you
raped maybe someone tried to rape you
but it certainly wasn't him he's
powerful he's conservative he's ending
up at the Supreme Court he's my friend
and he's my friend and so yeah I'm sure
you believe all sorts of things happen
to you honey but they didn't actually
happen
maybe if Mark judge said that you were
you were telling the truth maybe he's a
conservative man maybe we believed you
then but not in this case so that's a
this is a dark thing that I have had to
realize about how our legal system works
and again it is the 50th thing that
confirms why so many women did not feel
comfortable for the entirety of their
lives coming forward because they won't
be believed it doesn't matter how much
detail they have they don't it doesn't
matter how many witnesses they have you
will not be believed the president might
go to one of his rallies and literally
mock you so the tens of thousands of
people will laugh at your pain and the
people who didn't like it we know we
don't know we talked about it yesterday
the people who didn't like it what Trump
did at the rally
we're like oh that's despicable
disgusting he divides he's such a
horrible guy when it comes to this stuff
and then we stop talking yeah what's the
rest of the thought it's like so you
have a disgusting horrible divisive
person that you're supporting that's all
you've done is point out who you're
supporting and what their
characteristics are yes all you've done
yeah so look I wanted to play the videos
of Raj Shah as deputy communications and
he was saying yeah all these these
concerns about drinking no they weren't
investigated you know why because the
only people that wanted that
investigator were Democrats and they're
not going to vote for them anyway this
entire thing has been as partisan as any
nomination process for a Supreme Court
justice has ever been ever and to me it
shows that we need to not just get past
Kavanagh yes
hashtag cancel Kavanagh but beyond that
we need to fundamentally change the way
we put forward Supreme Court justices
the lifetime appointment process there
are reasons why it was initially
instituted the idea was that it would
insulate the justices from political
pressure it would take some of the
partisanship out of the court does
anyone feel like it's actually
accomplishing that in the modern day
exact opposite the exact opposite but it
certainly comes with a lot of negatives
and we are seeing that on a daily basis
right now as we go forward in this
process we need to fundamentally rethink
how we put people in the Supreme Court
how long they serve on the Supreme Court
etc okay why don't we take our first
break we come back some predictions as
to how this might actually play out
we're
go to some of the senators would have
they been saying about what came out of
the FBI investigation after this the TYT
Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TYT content
at TYT dot-com / app
