hey young turks we are here in front of
New York City City Hall where a press
conference with a coalition of over 60
progressive organizations from New York
State have come together to endorse a
group of Democrats who are running
against the IDC of course you know what
the IDC is we've been covering it for
the past over a year actually at this
point there are the eight Democrats in
the Senate who have been conferencing
with Republicans handing the control of
the state Senate in New York to
Republicans which of course New York has
a democratic assembly and a governor
that's democratic and elected a Senate
so we have one of these candidates who I
have to give you a little bit of a
Prophet's here one of our first stories
was on senator peralta in Queens when he
was being protested and it got a lot of
attention
so Jessica Ramos is running for Senate
in the 13th district in Queens why did
she decide to run I decided to run
because ultimately it was about the work
that wasn't getting done in Albany at
the time I was working right here in
City Hall actually working for mayor de
Blasio and I really learned how limited
city government the power of city
government can be in the everyday lives
of New Yorkers it's actually Albany who
dictates how much funding our public
schools get and so that's something I
understand as a mother I it's Albany who
decides exactly what our regulations are
and as a renter and I know how hard it
can be for many working New Yorkers to
make ends meet every every month why it
is that rent regulations and
stronger record any protections they're
so important and as someone who doesn't
have a driver's license and who is on
the train every day and infinitely got
stuck on the 7 train for two for two
hours this past summer that was dubbed
the summer of hell I it was really that
crisis was really sent into perspective
for me because what we're seeing is that
the IVC empowering Republicans is really
stunting progress for working-class New
Yorkers and working-class New Yorkers
are of course court under attack against
Trump every day every which way you look
at it you know whether it's you know our
religion whether it's our our skin color
whether it's you know even our
environment in our schools and we can't
fight Trump if we have a Republican in
charge of the state Senate and we have a
Republican in charge of the state Senate
because Jose Peralta and the rest of the
IDC voted to put in there was a proud uh
I had this protest in his district over
the dreamers
at a moment when we're talking about the
DREAM Act and dreamers how important is
that issue in your district very
important you know our district is
largely immigrant uh foreign-born or
like me first generation American sons
and daughters of immigrants and we do
have a very large undocumented
population including students that would
greatly benefit from paying in-state
tuition which is what the state DREAM
Act is all about and as as sometimes
with the proposed April ties someone who
is the person who carries that bill and
then to turn around and vote Republican
majority he's actually undermining his
own bill that's not a legislative
strategy that is effective that is not a
way to work with your colleagues to make
sure that you're passing your bill and
that you're helping these young people
have access to the higher education that
they deserve what's your sense on the
ground right now to most people in your
districts know what's happening at this
point it's time for New York City and
New York State to be affordable to
working families and I am damn proud to
be a working families Democrat we have a
lot of work to do still yes many of my
neighbors know about the IVC understand
what's at stake with having these Trump
Democrats in office but not everybody
knows and that's why it's so important
that this campaign get around the
district to every single neighborhood
explaining what's at stake because every
single person has something at stake in
this election and offering my views not
only that I am the real Democrat in the
race but that I also have ideas to offer
and make sure that we are improving the
lives of all New Yorkers but that's why
today was so important right because
this true-blue coalition is she's going
to help us knock on doors and get that
message out and and I and I'm really
very thankful to all of the work that
they've already been doing to tell
people about those truck Democrats we'll
be replacing i Jessica Ramos upon being
elected state senator promise to only
caucus with mainline Democrats Wow for
Andrea stewart-cousins as my leader and
to never never back any other Democrat
turncoat in the state Senate
