we've got another former Russian spy in
a world of trouble
poisoned gee I wonder who did it and it
happened in the United Kingdom so let me
tell you the story the mystery
surrounding former Russian spies Sergei
screw pol and his daughter who remain in
critical condition at a hospital in the
United Kingdom after being exposed to an
unknown substance escalated Tuesday as
Britain's government accused Russia of
being responsible you don't say
really I thought perhaps the Nigerians
or the Swedes were interested in killing
a former Russian spy who turned on the
Russians was it the Russian government
of course of course it was anyway super
Paul and his daughter were found on a
bench at a mall in Salisbury on Sunday
according to a statement from the police
in England's Worcester County
they were both being treated for
suspected exposure to an unknown
substance gee I wonder if I've seen this
movie before all right so now we go to a
quote from a witness who found them and
this is eerie explaining first the the
spine then his daughter he had his palms
up to the sky as if he was shrugging and
was staring at the building in front of
him I remember looking back at him
thinking he would catch my eye but he
was staring dead straight he was
conscious but it was like he was frozen
and he was slightly rocking back and
forward that's a passerby who said that
she continued the woman was slumped onto
his shoulder so I don't know what kind
of poison that is but but it's a bad one
and they're in a world of trouble
they're in the hospital now the
substance has not yet been identified
nor have police confirmed if any
criminal activity took place mmm I Got
News for them it did anyway the police
declared the case a major incident and
multiple agencies including the
country's counterterrorism police force
are investigating and by the way it's
not just those two one member of the
emergency service that dealt with score
Paul and his daughter is also in the
hospital not good news here in that
regard and it turns out that when you
poison folks other people
might get it as well that is why
poisoning people in a foreign country is
not a great idea and they tend to get
pretty angry about that that almost
looks like Russian interference in
another country but I don't know is
there enough evidence I can't quite tell
anyway script Paul a former colonel the
Russian military intelligence was
accused of spying for Britain in 2006
and sent us by Russia to 13 years in
prison he was pardoned in 2010 and
released to the US as part of a
high-profile spy swap and later flown to
Britain on the one hand yes the West
also messes with Russia I get that and
we have been encroaching into their
sphere of influence by expanding NATO
for example so that's real and that
doesn't often get reported in the
international press here in America or
much in the West at all on the other
hand if you think that the Russian
government led by Vladimir Putin is a
shrinking violet and I'm not saying that
anybody thinks that but sometimes people
act like they think that and Oh golly
gee poor Vlad
he wouldn't know how to interfere in any
other country's business well I think
you got the wrong guy
so this is now a number of hits that
they have done outside the country in
another I mean that is previous of Putin
doing this apparently over and over I
hadn't really seen that much anywhere
except the bad old days when we used to
go assassinate people left and right so
and of course the Russians that are back
then we had a nice little low there
where we weren't killing people in other
countries but now apparently we're back
to that let alone interfering in
elections etc right so by the way this
is again not the first time a 2016
inquiry by the British government found
Russian agency FSB which succeeded the
KGB had Litvinenko another former
Russian spy killed in an operation I
love this quote probably approved by
Putin you think so again let's not be
naive here guys if if there is an
operation sophisticated enough and crazy
enough to go kill a former Russian spy
in a different country you think
Booton didn't improve that let's say
that he did in the first time oligarch
did it a mob russian mobster did it
someone else did it
you think Vladimir let it happen a
second time and he didn't know about it
please I mean look I hope that no one's
that naive whether they're on the right
or the left it's a preposterous thing to
think so yes when they do it over and
over again it usually has the blessing
of the guy at the top do i have to
clarify that is that is that really a
complicated thought for folks anyway
now one last piece here from a different
publication Business Insider and I
didn't know this and and I was set to do
this story and then somebody pointed
this out to me before we went on air and
I thought I'd give you a little bit of
extra context don't get over you focus
on this but it is a data point the ex
Kremlin spike because businesses had a
points out found unconscious on a bench
in Britain almost certainly has links to
Christopher Steele the man who penned
the explosive Russia dossier on u.s.
President Donald Trump experts told
business insider now look their ties are
unclear it was he the source for Steele
unlikely he's been in Britain for a
while so again don't over focus on that
aspect of the story but yet another
former British spy with obviously a hit
on their life whether successful or not
and the last time that a former Russian
spy was poisoned it took three weeks for
him to die in the hospital and as he was
dying he said it was Putin well again of
course of course no one does this at
this level unauthorized by the Russian
leadership and there was no other
country going around killing Russian
spies these are strange times so I feel
like I have to over explain the most
obvious things in the world you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
