there's an incumbent named dan Lipinski
I'm gonna show you his voting record he
voted against the Affordable Care Act
he's anti-choice he voted to defund
Planned Parenthood he voted for marriage
and religious freedom Act which takes
equal rights away from gay Americans so
it's weird why why am i showing him next
to Nancy Pelosi is this you know
bipartisanship a Republican working with
a Democrat nope no he's a Democrat he's
Democrat in Illinois Illinois is a blue
state his district by the way is not
deeply red within the blue state of
Illinois no it just happens to be
incredibly conservative well okay but I
hear from Nancy Pelosi that Nancy Pelosi
is really progressive so I'm sure that
she won't care about protecting that
establishment but but doing the right
thing for progressive policy right so
maybe this guy's against abortion rights
he voted to defund Planned Parenthood
you're not gonna support him are you
representative Pelosi well let's find
out
they asked her here's Natalie Andrews
reporting that do you support dan
Lipinski as reelection Nancy Pelosi yes
I do well she's not alone when you have
progressives you have bipartisanship
because both the Republicans and the
Democrats will attack them for example
Laura Moser in Texas Greg Edwards in
Pennsylvania Bernie Sanders everywhere
and when you have conservatives you'll
have bipartisanship again well the
Republicans and Democrats supporting
them like dan Lipinski so there there is
also super PACs supporting Lipinski and
it's a Republican one it's called United
for Progress incorporated don't get
confused by the progress that's a
Republican super PAC backing the
Democratic nominee that Nancy Pelosi
also enthusiastically supports okay now
by the way look I get it
again these establishment Democrats
they're patronizing attitude is so
annoying
well did you know that she's actually
the leader of the Democrats in the house
and hence it's fairly normal for her to
support incumbents yes of course we know
that but there are some incumbents that
are backed by Republican super PACs they
keep voting against you that you might
not want to support that you might
make an exception for when there's a
perfectly good progressive in a
progressive district that can have that
seat instead his opponent is Mary Newman
Marie Newman you should find out more
about her in fact here let me give you
some links where you could go and get
more and involved whether you're
volunteer or donate Marie Newman is a
just Democrat that means she's
uncorrupted does not take corporate PAC
money and that's probably why the
Democratic Party is not fully backing
your anyway just Democrats that calm
slash dumped Dan if you want to donate
and for volunteering Marie Newman for
congress.com slash events ok get
involved get involved by the way
Lipinski thought oh it's ok got Pelosi I
got the establishment then a number of
progressive groups actually came out in
favor of Murray Newman he's like whoa
again by the way justice Democrats led
other groups but grudgingly followed but
we'll take their help and bless their
hearts so now what does it look like in
the polls when Jess Democrats first said
they were backing Newman Wow come on
does she really stand a chance
Lipinski's got all this money he's the
in companies got the name recognition
here comes Newman latest poll out forty
three percent down the Piske all of a
sudden forty one percent
Murray Newman and fifteen percent
undecided he ain't gonna win she's gonna
win yet in the fight now his only chance
is that he has so much money from his
corruption Lipinsky still has a large
cash advantage according to the hill
over Newman with 1.6 million dollars in
the bank let me give you those links
again for Newman because your volunteer
hours are worth their weight in gold so
go out there and volunteer if you're in
our district and if you're not getting
the fight donate whatever you can three
bucks ten bucks twenty seven bucks
whatever you can because yes we're not
gonna match the one point six million
dollars but we don't need that we need
power and energy we need some money to
be able to hire staff to get the job
done the Illinois primaries are coming
up there is no reason in the world that
a Democrat as conservative as dan
Lipinski should be representing a
progressive district get him out dump
Dan and go with a real progressive you
just watch the video by The Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
