Frances McDormand won the Oscar for Best
Actress by a Best Actress and she gave a
speech where she had all the females who
were nominated stand up and told all the
gatekeepers in Hollywood to take
meetings with them and hear their
pitches for ideas and then she left with
two words which were inclusion writer
and instantly it was turning on Miriam
Webster like the definition of inclusion
the definition of writer a lot of people
were asking what is that well there are
sources who have kind of clarified what
that is including the Washington Post
which writes an inclusion writer is a
stipulation that the cast and/or crew in
the film reflect real demographics
including proportionate number of women
minorities LGBTQ individuals and people
with disabilities big-name actors who
have leverage in negotiations could put
the stipulation into their contracts and
drastically change representation in a
film yeah I was sure that it was a
sister of Ghost Rider Ghost ghost ride
the whip
everyone everyone well my wife was like
right it's writer who's in who's an
inclusion writer we need female writers
that's like no a writer we always hear
the weird ones which are like van Halen
doesn't want Brown Eminem so take the
brown ones out by hand but as someone in
our production meeting said today if you
can ask for brown M&Ms you could also
ask for brown people so now look it's
it's all structured in different ways
and it also depends on how much leverage
you have and kidding aside you can ask
for different things and you could ask
for something as simple as I want the
film to be representative of America so
50 percent male 50 percent female I
don't know if you know this that is what
the country is actually probably about
51 percent female
and and and they're saying if you have
power the Frances McDorman is saying to
all the stars out there then use it for
good okay fine get your brown M&Ms or
whatever and get your fridge filled with
caviar whatever it is that you like and
want great but also ask for diversity
and so it definitely depends a little
bit on the execution of how you do that
but I think overall it's a noble idea if
it turns out that there already have
diversity great mission accomplished
right but if it turns out there's no
reason not to have divorce City and they
don't
historically films have been packed with
especially males let alone the issue of
race and LGBT etc but they really have
been massively packed with males partly
because men make the movies and men
write the movies disproportionately
right and like 17% of films I think are
some small number directed by females so
it's not just in front of the camera
behind the camera there could be more
diversity that's always a good thing
Whitney Cummings point out and pointed
out that it was only gonna help films to
have a more diverse repertory can we go
to graphic 63 which is a fact from the
person who came up with this concept at
the Annenberg School of inclusion in an
initiative director state Stacy Smith
she said the percentage of females on
screen hasn't changed since the late
1940s
that's because small minor roles and
supporting roles are very biased toward
straight white able-bodied males that's
a staggering statistic mm-hmm and one
that just should stick in your mind when
when these things are coming yeah and I
just want you guys understand why that's
the case so if you just heard what I
just said you might think well hey man
write the movies and they're the
directors well that's a it is what it is
no it's not it is what it is the people
who pay them to do that were also male
and it started back in the 1920s so
through the 40s to present-day
and so since men passed those roles on
to other men it became a giant
institutional advantage for men so then
it made it harder for women to break in
so now they are not but apparently not
nearly enough the same percentage right
but is you can tell what this movement
women are gathering up more power and I
think friends mcdorman is obviously
right that you should use it for good
for positive change and so look if it
gets to a point where now all of a
sudden women are dominant and 68% of all
the caste or women and we need to fight
for justice for men
we'll do that yeah right but that's not
where we are today right the original
wording was as long as it's sensible for
the plot tertiary speaking character
should match the gender just
lucien of the setting of the film it's a
very reasonable way to put it like
bridesmaids is gonna start women the
hangover it's a bachelor party's gonna
start men but those third there's
tertiary characters why not have it
representative of the place where it
takes place
and then also deal with it behind the
camera you just watch the video by the
young turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
