Donald Trump of course as usual tweeting
things that make no sense in this case
he's furious about how the Russian
investigation is going because it is
going well and as they close in on him
he makes less and less sense
so he's wildly attacking the FBI the
former administration trying to somehow
in his own mind prove bias by them so
that will vitiated their results but if
they have the evidence on you nobody's
gonna go back and be like yeah but what
did they say about Gerald Ford but he
doesn't understand that concept alright
so he tweets out why did the Obama
administration start an investigation
into the Trump campaign with zero proof
of wrongdoing long before the election
in November
wanted to discredit discredit so crooked
Hillary would win unprecedented bigger
than Watergate Plus Obama did nothing
about Russian meddling but wait which
one is it
the investigation that the so-called
Obama administration started in reality
though Obama found out about it later
and basically did not make it public but
anyway it was about Trump and the people
on his campaign perhaps communicating
with Russian officials so how can you
turn around by the end of the tweet it's
not even the next tweet or the next day
by the end of the same tweet and say he
did nothing about Russian meddling no
you just said he did something about
Russia mentally he started an
investigation of you as well he should
have because that's who the Russians
were apparently it appears from the
outside working with who what else would
he have done the fact that that is
logically inconsistent doesn't even
occur to him because that phrases the
word logic in it which Donald Trump has
never met and has no interest in meeting
so and if you wanted to discredit you so
that Hillary Clinton would win wouldn't
he have made that investigation public
before the election rather than keep it
secret
in fact he wouldn't he wouldn't publicly
acknowledge the investigation into
whether the Russians meddled and in fact
people are now a furious about that be
now you're you
excuses preposterous yeah in in a
separate story from HuffPost
there was a reference to a recent story
about McCabe who was the the person who
recently left the FBI and and but before
we get to that I wanted to go to The New
Yorker story about about how Obama would
not act so Obama administration
officials according to Jane Mayer at The
New Yorker were mindful of the Hatch Act
which forbids government employees to
use their positions to influence
political elections the State Department
officials didn't know who was funding
Steele's research but they could see how
politically explosive it was so they
backed away
besides sweets it's not an open dispute
we know that they didn't say anything
before the election we also know it was
because Mitch McConnell said if you dare
say anything about this real
investigation by the FBI
we will pretend it is political now
Trump in a tweet says it was political
and I can't believe you didn't say
anything but it was against you if he
had said something you would have
accused him of meddling in the election
a thousand times mourning his stupidity
knows no bounds all right so now let's
go to Andrew McCabe because that's the
guy that Trump keeps targeting and in
fact random out of the FBI well it turns
out this guy who was supposed to be so
bias against Trump during the election
that he ordered that investigation and
didn't do enough about Hillary no it's
the opposite so now we go to Ryan Reilly
at HuffPost
trumpet his supporters have used the
fact that former FBI director a deputy
director Andrew McCabe his wife ran for
a state Senate seat as a Democrat to
paint him as a democratic partisan out
to get Trump they have indeed done that
so what's the reality Trump and his
allies have suggested that McCain leaked
information that hurt Trump and helped
Clinton but the Inspector General's
forthcoming report is set to reveal the
opposite McCabe authorized leaks that
damaged Clinton and aided Trump so tiny
bit more detail on that the inspector
general who has been looking into the
FBI's handling of the probe says before
Trump's inauguration will criticize
McCabe for authorizing discussions
with a Wall Street Journal reporter on
October 30th 2016 a story that suggests
that President Barack Obama's Justice
Department was improperly pressuring the
FBI to drop a probe of the Clinton
Foundation so that was just basically a
week before the election
Andrew McCabe leaks a story saying Obama
won't let the FBI go after Hillary
Clinton that is deeply damaging there
Hillary Clinton completely helps Donald
Trump so if he's part of a plot to get
Donald Trump why did he do the opposite
and was the Obama administration
actually pressuring them on that that is
an open question and what I'm looking
forward to seeing the Inspector General
report on when it becomes public because
I think there's a good case to be made
there the people within the Obama
administration claimed at the time no we
don't want to seem like we're
interfering in the election that is why
you do looking into the Clinton
Foundation this late into the election
season is problematic well to be fair
the Obama administration they also
didn't reveal that the FBI was looking
into Donald Trump so they didn't reveal
either side or they didn't want to
reveal either side but the FBI did
reveal one side on one side only the
side against Hillary Clinton the
investigation into her Clinton
Foundation now I think they should have
investigated both the Clinton Foundation
and Trump's connections to Russia and I
think they should have announced both
instead it wound up being one-sided and
to the benefit of Donald Trump no matter
what he screams on Twitter today in a
desperate attempt to avoid both justice
and sanity sanity left the building a
long time ago but he's still on Twitter
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
/ joy
