ever since Donald Trump announced that
he was going to be massively removed up
removing protections for state sized
sections of national monuments and just
cutting them down - in some cases 50%
their original size in some cases - 10%
of their original size we knew that it
was likely this was done to benefit oil
companies mining companies people who
wanted to drill for uranium and things
like that and they didn't care if it
destroyed Native American sacred sites
and all of that
they wanted to sell off America's
resources to the highest bidder or
perhaps just one of their friends we've
suspected that but now we actually have
internal Interior Department emails
confirming that that was what was going
on behind the scenes these documents
were attained thanks to a New York Times
lawsuit so thankfully from for them we
have this information they were able to
compile something like 25,000 emails now
the bulk of the documents that were made
public about 20,000 of them 20,000 pages
detail the effort by the Obama
administration to create these new
monuments including receiving input
through email email from environmental
groups Indian tribe state officials
members of Congress and during that time
just as point of comparison Obama
created or expanded 29 national
monuments during his tenure representing
a total of about five hundred and fifty
three million acres which just for the
record is the most that any president
has less now that they've been cut down
to size but what was going on was that
soon after the inauguration senator
Orrin Hatch started pushing for
reductions in the size of these national
monuments they started sending
information to the Interior Department
about maps of potential sites of
resources that could be exploited
so Zinke who was heading up at that at
that point his staff developed a series
of estimates on the value of coal that
could potentially be mined from a
section of Grand Staircase one of the
two main monuments were talking about
called the Kaiparowits plateau and
that's basically just repetition of what
we said now that Plateau though located
within the monument contains one of the
largest coal deposits in the United
States according to an Interior
Department memo issued in spring of last
year eleven point three six billion tons
are technologically recoverable it
projected now that is now
the sort of load of resources that
they're gonna just let lay there in the
ground and so not not long after Donald
Trump made his move he cut down sections
of the monument and it turns out that
the initial map that senator orrin hatch
sent out mapped very closely to the
eventual map that Donald Trump removed
protections for we have some more
information but that's the gist of it
that they had been talking about
exploitation of uranium coal natural gas
oil and things of that sort at the time
for months sounds like it's a uranium
controversy all over it oh I'm sure Fox
News can't stop talking about this so I
think all administrations Republican and
Democratic should meet with everyone
they so I'm not outraged that they would
meet with business leaders who would
have mining interests so you should meet
with environmentalists tribal leaders
but also business interests so that's
not the question to me the question to
me is okay but did you then follow what
the business interests told you to do
fairly closely and or did you say okay
well I hear you guys and hey look if we
take like 15% of this area and we then
you would have access to the mining but
we wouldn't disturb the tribal area and
then largely keep the environment intact
etc and and maybe the Republicans take
away 35% of the park and Democrats would
only take away 10% those the
conversations that I think are
reasonable to have right
Trump instead as John pointed out hatch
sense of a memo going all right here
it's 85 percent and here is the whole
map of where the reserves are and they
go yep yep done okay wherever the
reserves are all of a sudden is not
public land anymore so it didn't look
like there was much balancing here it
looked like they were told this is where
the companies want a mine and then they
said yeah why don't we just make those
private and let them take our stuff and
by the way are we getting you know the
the adequate amount of money that for
what was public land so if you're gonna
mine there are we taking most of the
profit
that's our uranium that's our coal that
was public land you know a couple of
weeks ago before you made this decision
now all of a sudden they get to keep the
profits and if there's any environmental
damages cetera we get to keep the losses
well it's similar to what happened with
dapple when he first got into office he
overturned Obama's decision to not
allowed the Dakota access pipeline to be
completed
he Trump allowed it to happen and now
there's been over five spills now he's
going after Native people and the
environment again with this decision on
barriers just mapping it exactly where
they need to mine this coal which by the
way is an outdated industry that is not
going to exist in a couple of decades
and you're putting tariffs on solar and
making sure that jobs in America aren't
created with a burgeoning industry an
industry that's going to have a future
in the world leaving us behind so you
can essentially play to your base and
say oh go coal it's ridiculous and also
Zinke in only this administration do we
know who the Secretary of Interior is
right but think he think he has presided
over this oh he's had a horrific tenure
so far 10 out of 12 of the members of
the National Park Advisory Board
resigned in January just out of
frustration they're saying they're not
getting anything done so and and you
know this is something that's been
talked about in other administration's
Obama was being also petitioned to make
these changes to give into big oil big
coal into these different mining
interests but was able to hold it off
and as Jenks says you know there would
have been a negotiation probably under
whomever even Hillary as to what would
happen here but it would certainly be a
sliver of the percentage that we're
talking about here this is this is
draconian and Emma's point we're
backsliding we're backsliding into old
dirty energy and since it doesn't make
economic sense anymore old dirty energy
we have to prop it up with all these
kinds of price supports and tariffs the
whole policy is it makes no sense
and one final for me as I've pointed out
before
I'll continue to do it a lot of people
have sort of been holding their nose and
their breath during the Obama the Trump
administration thinking okay he's doing
a lot of these bad things but in a few
years Bernie Sanders will run he'll win
and he can reverse it all which I think
we're glossing over how easy that'll be
once he gets in office but maybe he can
do that for some things certainly but
the problem is that when you drill these
sites
you can't undrilled them when you
destroy the natural beauty of our
country you can't undestroyed when you
smash these sacred native sites you
can't unmask them it doesn't matter if
you know dream of whoever you want to be
president if they become president this
will still have happened it will still
have been exploited it'll been sold out
from out from under us and that's just
the way it is unfortunately and and by
the way the companies thing about it in
the opposite direction so energy fuels
resources incorporated who is going to
gain the most it appears from this
thinks you can't take away the profit I
already made yeah you know your parts
might be destroyed but I already got
that profit and it's sad day for you and
then finally to the point that Emma and
Mark were making it you know they give
this illusion that the coal industry is
gigantic in this country and so it makes
it seem like hey guys you libs you care
about the tribes I don't care about them
because they're not me I don't care
about the environment and I don't happen
to go to that particular Park in Utah so
so what man let's at least get some jobs
right
no the coal industry only has 160,000
jobs in America
solar industry has 260,000 jobs
meanwhile Donald Trump did a tariff that
affects parts that go into solar panels
and it is now going to cost about 23,000
jobs in the solar industry so between
solar and coal he's cost us jobs so it
ain't about the jobs that's not what
it's about it's about certain companies
that are friendly to the administration
saying give me what I want and play ball
and they do it is not for our benefit
it's for their benefit it's not about
economic growth it's about enriching the
industries that already exists and that
donate to them and that they are pals
with you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com
join
