whoa no way let me tell you about
aspiration doctor you go to the head of
the line by going to aspiration calm
slash tyt you don't have to wait on the
wait list there's free access to ATMs
all across the world there's no monthly
service speed I know it just gets better
man 10% of the revenue goes to charity I
mean it doesn't get any more Lib than
this and no funding of political
campaigns or industry lobby so if you
were looking for a progressive place to
put your money I think we've got your
answer for you aspiration calm the wife
of a Special Forces veteran is facing
deportation her name is Elia and she
Elia Crawford and she resides in
Virginia Elia Crawford is the wife of
retired sergeant first class Bob
Crawford and could be deported if a
Virginia immigration court rules against
her she fled her own home country of
Honduras in 1999 following Hurricane
Mitch
she married Bob Crawford in 2001 when
she was still on active when he was on
active duty the couple has two sons now
for vets and active military members
there is something that makes it easier
for their spouses to become US citizens
but since there is a deportation order
in place and since the Department of
Homeland Security refuses to rescind
that deportation order they're not able
to apply for the green card
this procedure is known as the parole in
place that would allow for her to remain
in the United States and apply for that
green card they are not allowing it and
so unfortunately this family could be
torn apart as a result of the Department
of Homeland Security under the trump
administration being incredibly
draconian when it comes to immigration
issues by the way Melania came in on a
tourist visa and then worked that is not
legal she should be deported if they're
deporting this veterans wife they should
deport Melania Trump
