whoa no way let me tell you about
aspiration doctor you go to the head of
the line by going to aspiration calm
slash tyt you don't have to wait on the
wait list there's free access to ATMs
all across the world there's no monthly
service speed I know it just gets better
man ten percent of the revenue goes to
charity I mean it doesn't get any more
lib than this and no funding of
political campaigns or industry lobby so
if you were looking for a progressive
place to put your money I think we've
got your answer for you aspiration com a
major u.s. solar company is cutting jobs
following Trump's decision to impose
large or high tariffs on products
necessary to build solar panels here in
the United States so Sun Power Corp
which is the company that I'm talking
about here was one of the nation's
largest solar panel manufacturers but
now it intends to lay off about 10% of
its US workforce now the reason why that
they're doing that is because of the
fact that it's incredibly expensive to
import the necessary materials in order
to manufacture and install these solar
panels and keep in mind before the
tariffs were announced they were
planning on expanding their us-based
factory they were going to add jobs and
now they're unfortunately cutting jobs
now this attributed to job cuts to the
30 pretty cut so the 30 percent tariffs
imposed by the Trump administration on
imported solar cells and panels chief
executive Tom Werner estimates the new
tariffs will cause the company to lose
50 million dollars in 2018 and as much
as a hundred million in 2019 now the
industry currently employs more than
260,000 people primarily in the
installation business by the way though
those are numbers from the Department of
Energy in April of 2017 so the number
could have actually increased a little
bit since then but it doesn't matter
they're laying people off as a result of
these tariffs so first of all some
context here it they are worried that
the industry as a whole is going to lose
23,000 jobs
that's a lot of jobs to lose now you
know Trump was obsessed with coal and in
if you watch the Republican convention
as we were forced to do it it wasn't
just Trump one speech after another
after another it was literally we talked
about during convention
it was the number-one topic at the
convention it was bizarre this call call
call we're gonna bring coal back there's
only a hundred and sixty thousand jobs
in coal nationwide there's 260,000 jobs
in solar nationwide 100,000 more the
solar industry is way larger than the
coal industry but a almost no one ever
talks about them and B now even if you
were to bring coal with jobs back which
he hasn't called plant coal mines are
closing all over the country and I've
talked about it on some Republicans are
now disillusioned and like oh we thought
he was gonna bring it back why are you
going out of your way to cost solar jobs
now you can say it's bizarre and
counterproductive but it could also be
that it's not counterproductive for
their interests the fossil fuel industry
supports Donald Trump and the Republican
Party with a ton of donations can I give
you the number because I think it's
pretty relevant now this isn't
necessarily donations toward Trump but
it's donations toward lawmakers who are
likely to support tariffs like the one
that Trump imposed so utilities had
spent 50 million 50 million dollars
between 2011 and 2016 to block clean
energy in just seven states so that
includes Alaska California Florida
Michigan Ohio Oregon and Washington and
so luckily California was not persuaded
by that money because the solar industry
did expand considerably in California
but these tariffs are having an impact
and so it's not looking good for
renewable energy in the US and and this
is not a clear-cut
liberal versus conservative issue on
trade the boundaries are blurred so I
know that some folks want more
protectionism what I always say is well
it depends
so what's in the and then a free trade
guys have like over if you're free trade
here for all these agreements no it
depends what's in the agreement so in
this case for the solar panel
manufacturers in America it it helps
them a little bit to do this tariff but
for the people putting the solar panels
in and which is the heart of the
industry which is much larger it really
hurts them so you've actually done more
damage in this case now in the deals I
TPP the problem was that it hands over
our sovereignty to companies that lets
them set the rules not to the advantage
of US citizens or even the citizens of
the other countries that we're dealing
with but to the advantage of solely the
corporations which makes no sense but
that doesn't mean that every
protectionist measure makes sense
because it certainly doesn't and this
one doesn't right neither does the steel
and aluminum tariffs he just announced
today which then immediately tanked the
market right and we're gonna talk about
that in more detail in just a minute but
I also want to draw some attention to a
woman named Debbie Dooley Debbie Dooley
is a gun-toting Trump supporter she is
as conservative as can be however the
one thing she disagrees with Trump and
conservatives on is the issue of
renewable energy in fact she is fighting
rather aggressively to support renewable
energy in the United States specifically
solar energy and she even created
something known as the green tea
coalition she's part of the tea party
green tea coalition to start construct
start convincing other conservatives
that renewable energy is the way to go
so I want to give her some credit for
that because even though she appears to
be an anomaly at the moment she could
have some very positive impact on the
conservatives when it comes to these
issues
