Mitch McConnell is being strangely
secretive about the FBI investigation
there is a lack of transparency and
there are also some reports indicating
that the FBI will wrap out wrap up its
investigation tonight it's Wednesday
night and the Trump administration had
told the FBI that it was free to conduct
this investigation last Friday but only
for a week so if it does truly end
tonight it's going to end in less than a
week which I find strange especially
considering the fact that there have
been a number of people who've come
forward witnesses and individuals who
say they have evidence and they say that
they have not been contacted by the FBI
they haven't been able to get in touch
with the FBI and so I think it does call
the credibility of the FBI investigation
to question but even so McConnell says
that the results of the investigation
will not be open to the public the
American people will not be able to see
what the FBI found and there's also this
issue involving if senators are going to
get briefed on what the Senate Judiciary
Committee will find from this FBI
investigation so let me give you all
these details Mitch McConnell said quote
we'll get the FBI report soon it will be
made available to each senator and only
senators will be allowed to look at it
okay but he's specific in saying that
senators in the Judiciary Committee will
be able to see it senators overall will
not be able to see it how do I know that
well a Chuck Schumer Senator Chuck
Schumer a Democrat reached out to
McConnell and asked to be briefed on the
FBI findings and McConnell essentially
refused and he said no not interested in
that so I'll give you the details on
that in just a minute but first I want
to go to this quick video of McConnell
where he discusses who will be and who
will not be able to see the FBI report
so let me tell you what I can tell you
will certainly happen we'll get an FBI
reports
it'll be made available to each senator
and only senators will be allowed to
look at it that's the way these reports
are always handled these background
checks from the FBI to the Judiciary
Committee and we'll be voting this week
so again he reiterated that he's
planning on voting a floor vote in the
Senate this week probably on Friday and
when Chuck Schumer sent him a letter
asking to see the results of the FBI
investigation McConnell wrote back and
said the following this is a portion of
his response designated and
appropriately cleared staff members of
the Senate Judiciary Committee are
authorized to brief members of the
Senate on the results of background
investigations hmm wait a minute so look
there's a super important distinction
here and and having read into it I'm not
I'm not entirely clear so if they say
only the Senators can see it appeared in
the beginning they were saying only the
Senators can see the FBI report itself
we're not gonna make it public okay I
understand that and there actually is to
be fair to McConnell and I can't believe
I'm saying that but there is precedent
for that now it'll leak anyway it's
don't worry about okay I'm not saying
you should leak but in it it depends if
the Republicans are covering something
up then it should leak if they're not
then you don't need to leak the report
right so in and the their staffers are
not gonna get to see it I get that and
and Schumer asked to talk to the FBI
about their conclusions they're not
gonna get to do that that's annoying but
I'm not overly surprised by it but if
he's saying that last quote no my
staffers are gonna look at it and then
they will tell Schumer and the Democrats
our summary of the FBI report then
that's a no deal that's crazy talk no of
course the Democrats should be allowed
to see they FBI reporter in its entirety
and then if they want to say hey it's
not for public consumption okay I get it
right so in the beginning of McConnell's
response to Schumer's letter he says I
am responding to your request to arrange
a briefing by agents from the FBI on the
sub
background investigation into judge
Kavanaugh okay so no I get that and
that's the second layer right so Schumer
is asking a reasonable request can we
talk to the FBI agents who carried out
this investigation and McConnell sank
hell no no no you'll get the report and
that's all you'll get I'm it's not
necessarily what he should do but I'm
not overly surprised by that mm-hmm and
again I'm gonna read and this is
directly from his response to Schumer he
says and he responded he responds by
noting the Memorandum of Understanding
between the Senate Judiciary Committee
and the White House and he says based on
that designated and appropriately
cleared staff members of the Senate
Judiciary Committee are authorized to
brief members of the Senate on the
results CPI's right and that's the
background investigation
WIC so again to be clear if it means and
that's why I'm a little confused by it
because that's the letter we have and no
further explanation if it means staffers
of the Senators can look at it both
Republican and Democrat and then
summarize them for the Senators or
whatever then both sides get to look at
it that's fine okay but if it means no
only the Republican staffers get to look
at it and summarize it to the Democrats
not at all fine so but I'm gonna be tiny
bit hopeful and naive again here and go
Najee it can't be that the Democrats are
not allowed to look at the actual report
that would be crazy so I would like to
know why III agree with you that it's
likely to get leaked anyway but it
doesn't matter okay McConnell is clear
and not wanting the public to see what
the FBI found yeah that's the heart of
the story yes oh so you say that you
know to be fair to him yeah there there
is a reason for that I don't know what
that reason is that I'm being
open-minded so can you explain I want to
know so this was a deal that was done
before the Trump administration it was
agreed to by Republicans and Democrats I
think that part is true
and they and they mentioned the
precedent that in the Clarence Thomas
cases we talked about the president that
the FBI did a new investigation and so
we use that but in their kid in that
case McConnell's saying it and you know
basically anyway he's saying that yeah
but we never
the actual background investigation with
the public and so and so there's a
precedent part of it the second part of
it is doesn't make sense yeah I actually
think it does a little bit because it
might have uncomfortable details in that
in that report that are not pertinent to
the overall issue and so how is the
American public supposed to know that
the FBI conducted a decent investigation
into this well that's why I'm saying if
the Democrats are not allowed to look at
it it only have it summarized that's
outrageous but if the Democrats are
allowed to look at it then at least
you've got advocates on your side and
and you know normally Democrats are
incredibly weak but not in this case
they've been strong and they've been
fighting back and they have been
advocates so I think that if the
Democrats get a chance to look at it
we'll find out what's in the report so
I'm not as worried about this story yet
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT calm /join
