Donald Trump the other day had a
bipartisan get-together at the White
House and said some really interesting
things that were not expected now I had
some predictions about that which will
of course get to in a second but it says
it was bipartisan a couple of Democratic
senators were there like Amy Klobuchar
and she proposed expanded background
checks now the NRA is against that and
then Feinstein has been proposing the
assault weapons ban now that is very
much against that and Trump has never
said that he was in favor of that until
now now watch this interaction the
states that have these background checks
they have a 38% lower
domestic homicide rate this is domestic
violence and for those cases especially
it makes a major difference and this
number just for you to keep with you
6,000 women in ten years were killed by
a partner whether it was a spouse a
boyfriend
six thousand I think would make a major
difference you have also and I think you
can into the bill can you add some of
the things you helped well no I'll help
but can you add what Amy and what Dianne
have can we add them in we're gonna get
it passed yeah we're gonna get a pass if
you can add domestic violence paragraphs
pages into this bill I'm all for it I
think it's terrific if you can do it
it can be done that can be done -
expanding background checks adding
people who've been convicted of domestic
abuse - people who can't get guns
banning assault weapons you see that
Democrats got excited they're their
problems are like no somebody stop them
somebody tackle them cuz he doesn't know
any policy don't get him a look don't
put him in front of cameras if you're a
Republican he's just gonna embarrass you
look if you ask me is that a deal I'll
take every one of those great deal
wonderful let's do it but as I told you
yesterday he ain't gonna do it we'll get
to that in a second
I let me show you a couple of fun videos
here
look at the Democrats get excited what
he says yes here's Klobuchar first I'm
all for it I think it's terrific if you
can do it it can be done that can be
done to anyone do it
hey great man keep going here's
feinstein getting excited about her part
to this bill that what you have also and
i think you can into the bill Joe can
you do that can you add don't get too
excited but look I like those provisions
I'm glad that they are there fighting
for those provisions but it ain't gonna
happen because Trump doesn't know what
the hell he's talking about
but here's more from trouble now this is
not a popular thing to say this terms of
the NRA but I'm saying it anyway could
it just have to say but you can't buy I
mean think of it you can buy a handgun
you can't buy one and you have to wait
you 21 but you can buy the kind of
weapon used in the school shooting at 18
I think it's something you have to think
of it over we just saw resident so I
tell you what I'm gonna give it a lot of
consideration and I'm the one bringing
it up and a lot of people don't even
wanna bring it up because they're afraid
to bring it up I can say that the NRA is
opposed to it and I'm a fan of the NRA I
mean it's no bigger fan I'm a big fan of
the NRA their water do it these are
great people these are great Patriots
they love our country but that doesn't
mean we have to agree to another job a
big fan I'm the biggest fan but I don't
agree with that well the tough guy
continues I can't wait for the backpedal
but okay here let's watch Christian
yourself no noise that I think you
underestimate the power of the gun lobby
the reason I had lunch with the NRA on
Sunday I called him I said you got to
come over I said fellas we're gonna do
something and they do have great power I
agree with it they have great power over
you people they have less power over me
I don't need I don't what do I need some
of you people are petrified of the NRA
you can't be petrified
they have less power over you you can't
be petrified wait till you see the
conclusion okay I told you what hold for
that hold in that clip though I love
Christmas
he who is Democrat who's fought really
hard for gun control from Connecticut
doing like yeah really you're gonna pass
all those laws you just said yeah you
don't even know how much the NRA has
power over you you schmuck and he's just
like look Chris Murphy would love to
pass those bills I can't go keep on
blabbing and then meanwhile Corden who's
a deeply right-wing Republican totally
bought by the NRA sitting in the middle
of like like mortified like oh Jesus
Christ what is going on all right but we
haven't gotten anywhere near the worst
part yet now listen to what Trump's
gonna say he's gonna say let's take
people's guns away and I don't care what
the law is what
imagine if Obama had said this watch I
mean they have so many checks and
balances that you can be mentally ill
and it takes you six months before you
can prohibit it so we have to do
something very decisive number one you
can take the guns away immediately from
people that you can a judge easily or
mentally ill a problem they didn't take
any guns away now that could have been
policing I think they should have taken
them away anyway whether they had the
right or not
but court obtained an order and then
collect not only the firearms but any
any weapons in the position we're going
to take the firearms first and then go
to court because that's another system
because a lot of times by the time you
go to court it takes so long to go to
court to get the due process procedures
I like taking the guns early like in
this crazy man's case that just took
place in Florida he had a lot of fire
say so everything to go to court would
have take a long time so you could do
exactly what you're saying but take the
guns first go through the process and
really deal looking around what is he
saying so he says in the beginning let's
just take the guns away first and then
pence jumps in it's like no no what he
meant is of course you get a court order
and then you could have the legal right
to take the gun away under very limited
circumstances no no Mike you misheard me
now you say take the guns and we take
the guns first new process second if
Obama had said that
Oh every right we're going he's going
for good well your daddy just said it
Donald Trump said it what are you gonna
do about it
well don't worry you don't have to do
anything cuz then Ari's gonna yell at
him and all the their fanboys are gonna
yell at him until Trump buckles cuz of
course he's a coward and he never met
any of it but let's show you some of the
yelling dana loesch went on and said oh
how this is wrong a lot too NRA
spokesperson then Maria Bartiromo super
right winger on television she's yelling
at Kelly on Conway let's watch Kellyanne
obviously this is a very troubling
comment what did the president mean
exactly by that is he ignoring the
Constitution and taking someone's
property before due process but is the
president going to clarify that he in
fact is not going to ignore the
Constitution and take somebody's
property before due process but I almost
feel like yesterday he was trying so
hard to appear that he is willing he's
that going to be in the middle of the
road he's willing to make changes to
answer the upset over these school
shootings but doesn't he have to be
careful not to step on due process this
is America the Constitution and what he
said I almost feel like maybe was for
the cameras and I mean you're saying he
didn't mean that no I didn't think he
didn't mean that no no Marie and what I
said this is the third time Judy access
bleachers of due process really okay of
course not really here is so yesterday
we had the quotes but we didn't have the
video based on the quotes here was my
prediction on yesterday's show even
Republicans though Trump's an idiot and
he doesn't really know what he's saying
he's incredibly unstable do you know it
if you're a Republican or a right winger
you know he's not a very stable genius
you know he's a moron you know he
blurted that out and he's gonna walk her
back tomorrow or later today so he'll
walk this back sorry but he won't do it
he'll have an aide come out and do an
official statement no we believe in new
process the American justice system and
NRA is awesome and please send a check
to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue let's see if
that happened president respects the
Constitution
including the Second Amendment and the
five million or so members of the NRA
who are law law-abiding peaceful gun
owners the point here Maria is school
safety any of you thinks anybody who
came here to the White House yesterday
and thinks that the session was about
gun grabbing or gun control is mistaken
and they know it backpedal sending an
aide out to walk back to comments go
what no what you do we're not gonna grab
your guns and then that wasn't enough
they're like wait we got to hear from
you so Trump tweets this morning many
ideas some good and some not-so-good
emerge from our bipartisan meeting on a
school safety yesterday at the White
House background checks a big part of
the conversation gun free zones are
proven targets of killers and after many
years of bill should emerge respect
Second Amendment in other words what
happened tough guy I thought you weren't
afraid of the NRA why don't we pass the
ban on assault weapons that you said you
were in favor of yesterday you're not
going to are you you're gonna send an
aide to walk it back just like I said
coward what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you can get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network calm slash join
