while Donald Trump is talking about a
federal potential plan to arm teachers
Florida's getting ready to actually do
it so a Florida House panel has now
joined the Florida Senate in approving a
bill to allocate 67 million dollars for
training of tens of thousands of
marshals they're calling them when they
say marshals what they mean is your shop
teacher and your geometry teacher I want
you to just bear that in mind these are
the arms adept marshals and look I loved
my geometry teacher don't necessarily
want to packing but anyway they want ten
marshals
teachers trained to carry gun in every
school which across Florida would mean
37,000 additional gun-toting teachers
ten guns floating around every school
every single day in an imperfect human
world the state would cover the cost of
background checks drug testing
psychological exams and 132 hours of
training the bill also provides a
one-time $500 stipend for those who
volunteer to have a gun which also is a
way of saying for those who volunteered
to buy a gun which is a great way to
funnel huge amounts of money to gun
manufacturers also the fact that they
are now funding 132 hours of gun
training for teachers implies to me that
teachers have received every other kind
of training they need because we are now
putting the money into this type of
training that has absolutely zero to do
with educating the kids of this country
so one of the teachers who was shot in
parkland Florida his mom went to go
testify before they voted on this bill
in Florida and in a lot of the survivors
drew drove like 500 miles to get to the
Capitol because there in southern
Florida and and she said look he he
wanted to be a teacher he didn't want to
be a cop so if he was around asking him
to then learn how to use a weapon to be
able to shoot people in his school
that's not what he signed up for yeah
and and this is not the right way to go
one of the students had a terrific point
when this was initially being discussed
and he said so we're gonna train the
teachers to shoot their students because
a lot of the shooters are either current
or former students in parkland it was a
former student
who had just graduated the year before
that's haunting man now Florida's gonna
train 37,000 teachers on how they can
kill their students if need be Wow it's
crazy and and then think about like as
an abstract what does it mean to have
guns floating around schools thatthat
seems horrifying and I love that it
seems irrelevant that the overwhelming
majority of the kids and parents in the
tragedy that spurred this bill then
being opposed to it is irrelevant
doesn't even matter it doesn't even
enter into it but then specifically we
had a teacher shoot a gun in a school
today that thankfully this time didn't
kill a kid let's see how long it takes
until we've rolled the dice on the
second one and then you think about in
practice that 37,000 was it guns in
Florida let's say this goes national and
we're talking about literally I think
it's something between 700,000 and 1.1
million teachers at this rate would have
guns what does it take to accidentally
leave a gun somewhere or to actually put
in your desk and forget to lock it or
that a kid overpowers even takes your
gun you might say that that is a
one-in-a-million chance well we're about
to put a million guns out there in the
schools in America so it seems like even
at that rate we're guaranteeing that
something terrible's gonna happen and
when you know that teachers see certain
types of students differently that they
think certain classes of students
certain races of students are older or
more threatening okay well then on a day
to day basis when they're adjudicating
what's a threat and what's not but now
they have lethal force that they can
employ what is the inevitable outcome of
that I think we all know how that plays
out in the real world and one last thing
which is a cheesy political move for the
Republicans to do especially in the
light of this tragedy is it first to
give them credit there were some parts
of the bill that I like and I think a
lot of people like so there's now a
three day waiting period for gun
purchases it's not like it's not the
greatest accomplishment in gun control
but I'll take it it's a little bit
better than it used to be raise the age
to buy any gun from 18 to 21 so now it's
the same age limit is buying alcohol in
Florida
again not much but I'll take it great
and it gives police more power to seize
guns from people who threaten themselves
or others so that's very positive I
think so so why am i saying cheesy
political move well they put the good
stuff in the same bill as the arming
teachers part then the Democrats who
really didn't want to arm teachers I
think it's a terrible idea and wanted to
respect Department survivors who were
almost all against it right had to vote
no on the bill so and then on top of
that this was being covered by a lot of
TV stations in Florida and the
Republicans structured it in a way where
the Democrats voted no and then they cut
the cameras not giving them an ability
to explain why they voted no so it made
it seem like the Republicans are doing
something about gun control and
protecting you and the Democrats are
opposed when in fact the Democrats in
that case wanted to do more gun control
and respect to survivors more but they
never got that message out cuz okay and
we're done everybody pack it up yeah
they tried to propose a salt weapon ban
banning of 200 different types of
semi-automatic rifles and that was shot
down in that case the vote was 18 to 11
18 Republicans voted no on the banned 10
Democrats and in fact one Republican
bill Haggar of Boca Raton voted for that
ban but this is this is a preview of
what's going to happen nationally
because immediately after I predicted
that you you now have thankfully thanks
to the work of tons of amazing activists
including that the kids of Stoneman
Douglas and perhaps now Dalton High
School you have this social movement
pushing for change and putting pressure
on people but unfortunately you have
Republicans in charge which means that
almost inevitably at least in the short
term what you're gonna end up having is
a little bit of obvious easy gun control
that should have already been on the
books already combined with right wing
fantasies I said it sort of in the
abstract this is one of the right wing
fantasies it's not the only one but this
is the one you're getting in Florida
right now because social will and
changing values are very important but
also the current political leadership is
important because they're the ones that
get to propose the actual bills and
they're the ones that get to veto or
sign the bills and that's why it's so
important who is actually in power in
this country now who's in power
in Florida assuming this actually passes
finally through that the house in the
Senate it's gone through the committee's
Governor Rick Scott by the way has said
that he opposes arming classroom
teachers now let's see whether he
actually meant that or not or whether he
will use the convenient fact that it has
some other things in it to pass sheer
insanity and Bill for me I'm sorry
because we talked about it earlier those
three things we talked about raising age
three day waiting period John you know
where I'm going no idea and the third
thing which is so helpful is is oh it
gives local law enforcement more
authority to go after and take people's
guns that pose a threat to themselves or
others
what does local law enforcement
generally think of people who have guns
who do they generally think are a threat
I'm just saying random local law
enforcement do whatever the hell they
want and target certain people that they
think are a threat to society who are
those people's a certain law enforcement
like to target and then when they do
take all these guns and say look how
many guns we collected this month four
thousand guns where'd you get them from
do you get them from the people who were
this random people do students okay fine
but who did you target and why and then
when you did it what was your execution
and doing it they would do tons of
stories about how we don't trust the way
police from the top to the bottom
execute the way they confiscate things
from certain people in this country
based on what they look like who are
they gonna target and are they gonna
actually do something about mass
shootings and violence that happens so
if one group can get their guns taken
away which group is that gonna be oh
this is just like arbitrary I wonder who
that could be
so and it's Mike yeah and a lot of that
might not even be malicious in my today
it might be that in the Central Florida
they know Bubba and Bubba's got 18
weapons in yeah but he got a little
carried away the other day and
threatened someone but I know Bubba he's
not gonna harm anyone that's right that
guy in the city though where I don't
know that guy that guy looks dangerous
he looks that I just he looks different
right and it's not necessarily malice oh
I know Bubba
I don't know Walid right well lead looks
really dangerous to me I'm would love to
play safe right now all of a sudden you
got different classes of citizens with
from classes of due process so look me I
dare I err on the side of taking all
their guts but I don't think that's the
way the Republicans are gonna go won't
be the first time we've taken we've
wanted to take down some certain people
in our country and not from others just
saying what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you get a completely ad free if you
could become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
