Republican senators are getting
approached by women who want to share
their stories of sexual assault and rape
and the whole point is to convince them
the same way the courageous women
convinced Jeff Flake to call for an FBI
investigation into Brett Kavanaugh now I
want to show you three examples and
we're gonna start off with Mitch
McConnell who insists that the Senate
vote on Brett Kavanaugh later this week
on Friday let's see how he responded to
women who approached him with their
stories
scuse us please don't block the way how
do you constituents
there's a blocked away are you insured
we're cameras picture this man NASA
means women who are talking to you about
their surviving
but why are you believing the nurses
while ain't gave me keep stuffing Murphy
don't you care about the legacy of the
number kind of why do women have to rear
their whole soul to you victims of it's
important mr. these stories of sexual
violence
women
it doesn't make an effective Republican
and they were kind of the you back but
these survivors and believe doesn't
matter
I loved every minute of that
nevertheless they persisted that was it
was amazing I don't know what her name
is if you guys know please tweet to me
and let me know but she's incredible
you go girl yeah both of them want
wonderful and so we've had debates on
the show about whether to chant and yell
at people in restaurants that's this is
not that this is in a public setting
you've got a senator there asking him
legitimate questions they're not doing
weird all right stuff and making up
things they're asking them questions
about do you care about sexual assault
survivors that African American woman
there I'm sorry I don't know her name
either but said hey you just tricked
that guy's hand basically right she
alluded to and here we are trying to
tell you stories about how about sexual
assault survivors so you're just totally
going away yeah Mitch McConnell doesn't
care I mean that's clear and he's
pushing for that vote on Friday of this
week yeah I mean look this and I know
they're in a difficult position one way
to not be in a difficult position is to
actually care about sexual assault
survivors and substance instead of just
playing politics I know that's out of
the question but another thing you could
do it just as a matter of like being a
quarter decent person is okay look you
ignored them the whole way you got to
your car you're safe you're gonna go
okay so just at that point turn around
and and just address them for a minute
two minutes and say like I'm so sorry to
hear about your pain and I know that you
and I disagree because I think that as
much as I feel enormous empathy towards
you and and doctor Blasi Ford I don't
think Cavanaugh did it and I think
that's a fair disagreement like just
have a conversation like that no no I
don't care are you a donor where's your
check where's your check are you don't
know I don't care that's right and and
the point that I want to make is and
it's beside the issue of sexual assault
and rape although that's front and
center at the moment well does anyone
else realize what a joke our
representative democracy is I mean are
they representing us they don't even
give you the time of day unless you're
willing to don't you know tens of
millions of dollars they're ridiculous
campaigns if you're not willing to give
them the money they don't care what you
have to say they don't care about what
you've gone through and they have no
interest in protecting you look I have
good news for you guys
in terms of democracy we've talked about
this in other contexts so when Wolfpack
goes to talk to state legislators
whether they're Democrats or Republicans
they actually most of the time do listen
so but you have to really get into local
politics and and in some of the cases
they're you know some of the states have
good systems where there's public
financing so they're really responsive
to you one woman in Maine whose
legislature runs the cash register at
her local grocery store etc and you can
buddy but even Republicans will come and
have lunch with you and hear you out on
a story and on what you care about right
as long as your constituent but at the
national level they're gone they're gone
if you're not coming with a check they
have no interest none you have no chance
of talking to them where's the last that
mitch mcconnell talked to a random
person in kentucky and it actually gave
a damn and took not like hey i'm at a
fair and i'm taking pictures and it's a
photo op but took 15 minutes to find out
you know what what's causing you pain
what's going right in your life what's
going wrong in your life how can i help
the only time he asks how can i help is
what someone comes with a giant check
exactly well we have more examples we
also have an interaction that senator
Perdue from Georgia had let's take a
look at that
women and how about their sexual
so it appeared that the woman trying to
shake his hand was a state
representative she said that several
times I mean normally there's some
common courtesy I know you don't care
about members of the public but when
someone else is a legislator know what
you did you hear what he said don't
touch me
well first of all you saw the video she
didn't touch him she was already shake
his hand yeah and then my favorite part
of course was when he ran into the
bathroom he tried to avoid them yeah and
hid there I mean come on
they're so pathetic and then finally bob
Corker remember bob Corker was one of
the original Republican senators who
pretended like he was somewhat troubled
by these accusations yeah can I just
sorry before we go to corker one more
thing I'm per dude did you did anybody
really think you felt threatened there
hit two different times he's like hey
don't touch me
okay these are women who are telling you
about sexual assaults survivors it's
it's okay like you don't you know you
know what I mean he treated them like
they're second-class citizens which is
are you guys surprised is anyone really
surprised so Republicans have been
treating women as second-class citizens
for a long time for a very long time I
didn't go ahead I'm sorry if a madman
like Alex Jones bum-rush is here at an
airport right you could have cause for
concern or some all right maniac comes
at you at an airport you could have
cause for concern anybody think that
those women were going to harm senator
Perdue right don't touch me don't touch
me
now you're worried about somebody
getting touched when it's you and it's
at an actual citizen they want to shake
your hand now you were worried about
somebody getting touched
it's disgusting all right now let's go
to
what do you have to say to your
constituents who suffer from sexual
violence how do you support these events
have you shoulders you believe them
I'm very familiar with people
heart goes out
that's enough for women
so I have to make sure that people like
hurry
yeah he almost had it man he actually
talked to them he almost had it
and then he has to ruin it with that
phrase I know this is enjoyable to y'all
no I don't think I don't think sexual
assault victims enjoy recounting what
they went through they're doing this
because they're trying to convince you
to do your job as a lawmaker which is
protect your constituents protect the
voters protect Americans look out for
them but he has no interest in that like
you're watching the video the first time
you're thinking like okay and maybe he
said he's at least engaged I'm in a
conversation maybe this was gonna turn
on decent and okay any target um hey I
know people okay good good good we're
not asking for much just a little tiny
bit of human empathy and discussion with
a constituent etc right and at the end
here to go and blow it by saying I know
this is enjoyable for you guys come on
don't and I one more time I love those
women they're so good yeah they're
hanging out at the airport they know
these guys got to go back home to raise
money okay by who let's keep it real
that's okay so they're like oh okay you
get money okay well then we're right
here and we're gonna keep asking you
these questions
they're your Senators they're supposed
to represent you I know we forget that
because they're so corrupt but if
they're it's supposed to be a democracy
you got every right to ask your
representatives questions like what you
see click this subscribe button below
and don't forget to ring the bell to
never miss another video from the Young
Turks
