now if there's one thing about I know
about Donald Trump it is that he is a
courageous man I mean if there's a
shooting
he'd walk in there without a weapon he I
know that because he told me that
yesterday and he said he was willing to
even take it on the NRA well that would
take political courage in fact a couple
of days ago he tweeted out I will be
strongly pushing comprehensive
background checks with an emphasis on
mental health raised age to 21 and NSA
lab um stocks Congress in a mood to
finally do something in this issue I
hope well you know what give him credit
for a Republican politician it I don't
think it's much at all but it is a
little courageous for a Republican to go
out on a limb like that especially cuz
the NRA give them thirty million dollars
so I banning bump stocks danaerys fine
with anyway they threw that out there
and last time you like oh wow we don't
even have to use this chip Democrats are
so weak we don't even need to regulate
that forget it we're taking it back off
the table now it's back on the table
but the NRA did not like raising the age
limit because that then limits a couple
of years of customers for the gun
manufacturers and well that'll hurt
sales so they can't have that it also
hurts a lot of other people but they
don't care about that obviously in fact
Trump then told the Republican governors
at a gathering
hey you better stiffen your spine even
if it's the NRA well I like this kind of
talk let's watch there's no bigger fan
of the Second Amendment than me and
there's no bigger fan of the NRA and
these guys are great Patriots they're
great people
you won't don't worry about the NRA
they're on our side you guys have for
you are so afraid of the NRA there's
nothing to be afraid of and you know
what if then are with you we have to
fight him every once in a while that's
okay
but sometimes we're gonna have to be
very tough and we're gonna have to fight
him look when Trump does the right thing
I give him credit he did not do the
trans-pacific partnership like he said
he wouldn't do and now I'm a little
worried about how he's gonna bring that
back but for the moment being and for
every day he doesn't do what I give him
credit for right so here is say hey
sometimes you gotta stand up to the NRA
so the new age is gonna be 21 for buying
assault weapons now I don't think you
should be able to buy assault weapons at
all I think it's a tiny tiny change but
it's something
hold Jim Acosta CNN reporting quote
talking to sources tonight the president
appears to be backing away from this
idea that you mentioned just a few
moments ago that he supported last week
that the age limit should be raised to
21 for purchasing assault weapons oh you
coward I mean he just
who's gonna do this much but the NRA
said boo and he said oh oh we're gonna
sorry I'm sorry after being a tough guy
sending out those tweets for doing that
video and then he comes out and how he's
backing away I believe there's a word
for that okay let's take a look at the
rest of Acosta's reporting here the
president tweeted about it and you
notice on Friday and a see SPAC speech
and and that led to the question about
this issue the White House press
secretary said he supports the idea as a
concept and tonight we are hearing from
sources that he appears to be backing
away from that the president said he's
willing to fight the NRA on some issues
and apparently that is not one of them
so what does that leave it basically
just leaves bump stocks mental health we
already know Donald Trump's position on
that in the beginning of his
administration about a year ago he took
away an Obama regulation saying that if
you're not mentally competent to handle
money
you should not be allowed to purchase
weapons so when he took that away he was
saying if you have mental issues and
you're not allowed to handle money we're
still gonna give you a gun so we know
his position on mental health and it's a
disaster okay and he cut 665 million
dollars from the men to help us you know
in America so all that leaves his palm
stocks which is the nra position in the
first was what happened Donald I thought
you're going to fight him so weak so
cowardly so corrupt as usual what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get it
completely ad-free if you could
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
