fascinating things occurred at this
year's CPAC which is the conference for
conservatives of course and there were
very few people who were willing to
criticize Donald Trump or the Trump
administration during this conference
however there was one long-term
conservative or longtime conservative
who spoke about Trump on a panel
regarding feminism which I would imagine
would be a strange topic to discuss at
CPAC but nonetheless Mona Sharon is on
this panel and she was one of the few
conservatives who actually called Trump
out on the issue of sexual misconduct
now she said and I quote I am
disappointed in people on our side for
being hypocrites about sexual harasser
z' and abusers of women who are in our
party who are sitting in the White House
who brag about their extramarital
affairs who brag about mistreating women
and because he happens to have an R next
to his name we look the other way now
she says that and a couple people in the
audience well sounds like more than just
a couple start booing her but she was
undeterred she continued the criticisms
take a look this is a party that was
ready to endorse the Republican party
endorsed Roy Moore for the Senate in the
state of Alabama even though he was a
credibly accused child molester you
cannot claim that you stand for women
and and put up with that well you know
this is this is a really interesting
point because this there's been this and
there are many but there have been
there's been this explosion of sexual
harassment scandals and in many cases
accusation has been equal to conviction
so that was a response from the
moderator and it is what you usually
hear from conservatives who will go
ahead and criticize Democratic
individuals who have been accused of
sexual misconduct but then defend
conservative men who have been accused
of similar accusations now Mona Sharon
continued her criticisms it was kind of
impressive because the audience was not
on her side they were booing her they
were yelling at her but she went from
you know Donald Trump to Roy Moore and
then she moved on to criticizing CPAC
itself for inviting people like Marion
lepen on to speak and so she was met by
a security detail backstage and they
promptly escorted her out because they
were concerned that her safety was in
jeopardy
no one knows who asked for the security
detail she says that she didn't but the
only other person that I've read about
who criticize Donald Trump during this
conference was ben shapiro and he was
not met with the security detail and he
was not booed to the same extent but
nonetheless the heart of the story is
here is a woman who is sitting on this
panel making a very credible
criticism of the republican party and
they were having none of it
so jump yes so couple things I'm not at
all surprised they're having a panel
about feminism because it's Fox News one
on one conservative one on one you
invite a bunch of women to crap all over
other women and you do it on the guise
of feminism and then they will often in
these panels talk about real feminism is
you know understanding that women don't
have to be
all the men and and they'll come up with
all this nonsense and the real problem
are women and people who are fighting
for women's rights the Senate now in
this case mona Charen
went off-script it's it's not that she's
a liberal they didn't invite a liberal
there she's a conservative and she even
said afterwards she said I don't know
why they call security
and I think CPAC are still good people
very good people right right but it's
but it's true that we have this problem
where we support these these guys who
have been have credible allegations
against them but even stating something
that is true at CPAC is unacceptable
just real quick I really want to
emphasize what you just said about about
Sharron being conservative she is very
conservative has written for the
National Review but what's happening at
CPAC this year shows just how far the
right the Trump administration has
pushed the Republican Party because back
in the day National Review
they were the bigwigs at CPAC right a
National Review of course very
conservative publication but because
they have not signed on to the Trump
campaign because they criticized Trump
in some of their op-ed pieces they are
now I wouldn't say banished but almost
banished from CPAC they went from having
a large president at these annual
conferences to now having a very small
like little dark corner section of the
conference which I thought was really
fascinating so I think the the way in
which you criticize Trump I think really
matters and oftentimes I give no credit
to a lot of these conservatives because
the nature of their criticism I find
ridiculous so oftentimes you see they'll
decorum police him and they'll act like
you're not polite sir
why don't you bomb people overseas with
a smile on your face and while you say
pretty things so I just find like there
are so many criticisms from the left
which just land and are really clear and
obviously coming from a moral place and
I don't know that like I give her credit
because there's the audience's there are
all authoritarians and they're all sick
of fans and they're all brainless and
that's gonna be the reaction and she
walked into a minefield there but how
much would you love it
if somebody went up there and was like
Donald Trump killed an eight-year-old
girl in his first military raid as
president imagine the reaction from the
audience if they did that he raised
taxes on everybody who makes $75,000 a
year or less in his tax bill that is see
if somebody did that I'd say that's like
real courage and they're talking about a
real serious issue but this I feel like
so I think context matters right so so
this panel was about women's accessories
yeah right so if I totally agree mom
that is a legitimate criticism of Trump
and I would love to see that at any
conference any conference period right
but in the context of this discussion
which has to do with women's issues she
is saying something that we've argued on
the show on multiple occasions that
there is this double standard amongst
Republicans when it comes to the issue
of sexual misconduct they will criticize
aggressively criticize Democrats or
liberals who have been accused but when
it comes to their own no they're not
having it yeah I think the the biggest
myth in this regard that the mainstream
media puts out and by the way a lot of
the Democrats put out and I think it's
really really damaging is that there is
a quote-unquote real Republican Party
that is separate from Donald Trump well
Donald Trump's a bad guy and he tweets
bad things but real Republicans are
wonderful people that we just have
honest disagreements with so hey real
Republicans why don't you vote for us
Democrats oh please right and and the
media goes along with it cuz for the
entirety of their existence they've been
saying he said she said fifty-fifty I
can't tell because I don't know anything
about news who's right and who's wrong
which facts are actual facts on which
are made up et cetera now in this case
mass slap who is the chairman of the
American Conservative Union that puts on
CPAC had a great quote not because I
liked him but because this is true he
said this idea that the Republican Party
is somehow split or the conservative
movement is somehow split about Trump
it's just not an accurate portrayal he
went on to said say indeed more than
nine out of ten attendees at this year's
CPAC approve of the president's job
performance according to straw poll
results so no Donald Trump is there
publican party and so when the the whole
affair all of CPAC was with this one
exception that's why we're talking about
it because it was so different was all
Trump is awesome Trump is wonderful and
then Trump comes on and they like yes
Trump did a terrible vicious speech not
against undocumented immigrants this is
really important but against legal
immigrants all immigrants and he called
him the snake okay and he ran a ballad
about how the snake comes in on and then
once you invite him in it kills you
right and he did that about what they
call chain migration which is the heart
of legal immigration in this country and
they all plotted wildly so if you think
Donald Trump's a monster and a lot of
the mainstream media do paint him that
way
well then you have to say that the
Republican voters and all the Republican
politicians who agree with him are also
monsters yeah look I I think that the
Republican Party was quick to denounce
campaign Trump because he went against
what they what they typically look what
they like to do is trick you like they
come in with their polite language and
you know decorum whatever you want to
call it but they have the same policy
ideas it's just that Trump is this like
monstrous slob who comes in and says out
loud what everyone in the Republican
Party is thinking but they don't want to
say out loud because it'll it won't help
them with their agenda once Trump gets
elected that's it game over he he wants
the same policies and actually the
National Review you said she's from
there right yeah she used to write for
it she's right okay
the original disagreement from the
National Review was that it was when
Trump was campaigning and he was doing
the populist rhetoric their arguments
against Trump were oh my goodness he's
not for free trade oh my goodness he's
not for American Empire he sounds like
he's gonna maybe get us out of some of
the wars so that was their original
disagreement with him but to your point
ultimately they're hand-in-hand they're
doing everything together because he
ended up pushing for all the pro
establishment policies and their all-pro
establishment they are the establishment
so at the end of the day it was just a
rhetorical difference at the beginning
and
now they're all the same yeah and and
don't and the most frustrating part of
all this with all these different groups
that are involved here
is the media and the reason I say that
is okay I get it the Republicans are
trying to trick you they pretend to be
progressive populist during the campaign
and then they turn around and and and
are establishment okay and Donald Trump
is finally just saying it and and the
voters are like yeah why don't you just
say it before yeah we agree with you we
don't like Latinos we don't like Muslims
and and I the blacks in Chicago are
causing all the crime because they're on
a father's now finally somebody said it
right like so that none of those things
are true but but that's what the voters
that's the Republicans warmed them up to
that and like with the dog whistle so
when Trump threw the dog whistle in the
garbage and use a human whistle the
voters were like yes finally the blow
some guy we were looking for and got
trained to like so stop pretending it
isn't all Republicans it is it is it is
it is so so look I'm glad she had the
courage to disagree with them on one
small issue and of course it was met
with universal disdain because how dare
you not bow your head to the
authoritarian leader if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
