so when it comes to the foreign
influence of US elections there are some
angles to the story that are almost
totally ignored by corporate media this
is one of those stories here so Lee Fong
of the intercept is reporting that a
Chinese state-owned chemical firm is
pouring dark money into u.s. elections
so he explains I'm gonna butcher this
Wanhua chemical a ten billion dollar
chemical company controlled by the
Chinese government now has an avenue to
influence American elections on Monday
Wanhua joined the American Chemistry
Council a lobby organization of a lobby
organization for chemical manufacturers
that is unusually aggressive in
intervening in US politics the ACC is a
prominent recipient of so-called dark
money that is unlimited amounts of cash
from corporations or individuals the
origins of which are only disclosed to
the IRS not the public during the 2012
2014 and 2016 elections the ACC took
this dark money and spent over 40
million dollars of it on contributions
to super PACs lobbying and direct
expenditures so to give people some more
specifics here they funded last-minute
ads to try and get Republican Eric
Cantor re-elected they gave $50,000 to a
super PAC supporting david Vitter in
Louisiana and when lobbying to revamp
chemical safety rules they aired
advertisements for all the pro industry
Republicans and then I want to give you
one more fact here lee fong explains the
2010 Supreme Court Citizens United
ruling and related decisions made it
possible for corporate trade
associations like the ACC known as
non-profit 501 C 6 corporations to spend
as much as they want directly advocating
for or against candidates for office so
long as that is not its primary activity
the IRS says so this just gets to how
much of a parody our laws are when it
comes to campaign finance so number of
issues here number one the idea that
these trade
are not spending a majority of their
money and politics is laughable they
form a lobbying organization to do what
mainly play around with chemicals and
have fun but 49% of their money goes to
helping politicians who vote with them
all the time
mmm no in reality is there's almost no
check on these guys the FEC will not act
so they spend a great majority of their
money and by the way if they only spent
49 percent of their money on politics it
would still be terrible so what is this
this is a foreign company putting money
into a trade association which then
gives it to politicians I believe that's
called interfering in our elections and
of course they're not the only ones the
Saudis also do it they also have a
company that is in the same group for
the for the chemical companies they also
join that trade group they also give
money now there's a second rule that
says oh you're supposed to take the
foreign money like the Saudis and the
Chinese money and make sure that you
don't spend that on the elections number
one again no one checks number two it's
dark money so you don't really know
where it's coming from the only people
who know is the IRS but the IRS has been
completely neutered so we can't even
find out where is the money coming from
and where is it going to and so some
excellent reporting by the intercept
here to even find out that these groups
have joined this lobbying organization
and then and even if it were all on the
level and they took the Saudi money or
the Chinese money and let's say they
take ten million to make up a number
right then they say oh I'm not spending
that on the elections but lucky me I bet
freed up ten million dollars I had over
here this spent on the elections so this
is all a giant shell game yeah I love
how the Supreme Court tries to argue
well yeah foreign money you can't allow
that into the election because if you do
that's obviously corruption because
they're paying for something in return
favorable policies but if Wall Street
and Big Pharma and the for-profit
insurance companies and the oil industry
and all these other you know groups
spend money on
the election well that's totally fine
and that's not only not corruption it's
not even the appearance of corruption
according to the Supreme Court so it
really is like this is honestly
laughable like and if you if there was a
Martian that came down and you tried to
explain the logic to them of our
campaign finance laws they'd be like
that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard
it makes absolutely no sense so we're
gonna do a poll in a second about Russia
and I want you guys to vote and it's
really important so I'm gonna connect
you back to that in a second one more
egregious thing about this and then I
want to expand on what Kyle said so the
FEC is broken down into three Democrats
and three Republicans so the Democrats
have said hey look it looks like foreign
money is coming in forget Russia from
the Chinese and from all of these other
business interests into the country and
affecting politics and the Republicans
went yeah whatever man they're mainly
giving it to us we vote no so they voted
at the FEC to do nothing about it even
though it is clearly foreign money
interfering in our elections but just
like Mitch McConnell during the 2016
election he's like wait which side is it
going - oh it's going to our candidate
whatever don't care interfere away by
the way what are you doing you're
setting up an auction so maybe the
Russians on the Republican side maybe
the Chinese decide to their interests on
the Democratic side and by the way if
they are today if they buy enough
Democratic politicians they will
tomorrow so now we've got an auction who
would like to buy American politicians
the Russians the Chinese the Saudis the
Israelis the Norwegians whoever come on
come on because we've got to we we've
legalized bribery and we allow foreign
corporations to do it also by the way
connected their governments let's think
about it in a broader sense - what Kyle
sent so there's this particular story
that intercepted did a wonderful job
breaking that directly funnels court
foreign corporate money into our
politicians but then the US Chamber of
Commerce which is the largest lobbying
group for business interests also takes
foreign money so all those guys who brag
about our Chamber of Commerce supports
me you're partly saying the Saudi
Chamber of Commerce supports you and
then think about the third layer of it
which is well all public corporations
are multinational by definition because
they have foreign shareholders they have
domestic shelters our shareholders and
foreign shareholders they have domestic
and foreign executives they have
domestic inform board members so how are
they an American corporation and the
last loophole is hilarious
if a company like this and they have
actually done this for this particular
company comes in and they're wholly
owned outside the country and even maybe
by their governments as some of them are
but they set up a subsidiary in America
then they get to do whatever they want
they're like oh no that's now an
American corporation because you set up
a shell subsidiary in Delaware so all of
our campaign jokes are a joke all these
foreign countries and companies are
buying us non-stop yeah and you know
final point I want to make on this is
look at the difference between
mainstream media on issues like this and
what we're doing right now because you
the degree to which they don't think
about care about talk about the
influence from Saudi Arabia and Israel
in particular because they tend to have
the most influence on the US government
but I mean we just gave over a hundred
billion dollar weapons deal to Saudi
Arabia they lobby in the US non-stop for
stuff like that Trump registered eight
new businesses in Saudi Arabia when he
was on the campaign trail he took two
hundred and seventy thousand dollars
from them from top Saudi officials at
one of his hotels after he had been
elected president I mean and they don't
talk about it in any way and it's like
okay well thank you for leaving the door
wide open for independent new media to
step in point out the most obvious thing
in the world and then yeah it said it's
the most pathetic thing I've ever seen
well they are multinational corporations
why were they born area they're in the
club exactly they're in the club they're
friends with the politicians and this
literally affects them so our poll
question who interfered in US elections
more a Russia be multinational
corporations now you could vote a TI tea
network.com such interference that link
will be really easy to click on in the
description box below on youto you
to you topaz well and in the comment
section on Facebook but look obviously
we're proving a point here but if you
think but but a lot of Democrats might
vote Russia I don't know now I believe I
have a lot of credibility on this issue
because I think Russia did in if you're
in ours as Kyle and I have argued about
the severity of that of that
interference you should check that out
on T YT interviews are secular talk a
lot of use by them yeah but I think
Russia did interfere and I think that's
terrible but is it at the same level as
multinational corporations that
systematically buy all of our
politicians in every election that's the
biggest no-brainer in the world yes but
if you guys vote multinational
corporations and then we show that to
the mainstream media they'll be shocked
they're like oh my god what kind of
radicals think that corporations giving
to politicians is interfering in our
elections no they're obviously doing it
for their health or because they believe
in charity they believe in sanity they
believe in insanity they give money to
buy corporations give money to
politicians why do buy them because they
get a return on investment so if you
care about Russia as I do in the
interference or you don't care about it
or you don't think it's important it
doesn't matter the much larger issue is
that we've allowed for wholesale bribery
of all of our politicians by the way if
you're gonna stop that wolf dash
pack.com go there now and we'll put that
link down below as well fight to get
money out of politics for everybody what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
