President Trump made some curious
comments in the wake of the Florida
school shooting and the revelation that
the cops didn't act appropriately in the
aftermath let's take a look at this
video I got to watch some deputy
sheriff's performing this weekend they
weren't exactly Medal of Honor winners
alright the way they performed was
frankly disgusting you know I really
believe you don't know until you test it
but I think I really believe I'd run in
there even if I didn't have a weapon and
I think most of the people in this room
would have done that too because I know
most of you but the way they performed
was was really a disgrace that as usual
unreal the chance of him running in that
building is less than zero I mean come
on even the biggest Trump supporters
have to admit in fact you know what we
have a good little video clip here so
you can see how brave he really is
call up carrier to present I guess I
have to do it myself
I know it's not
yeah there's two parts of that video
that I love that look to be fair they
thought that it might be a shooter and
if somebody gets scared because
somebody's gonna shoot at them on their
on stage I get it man I've been scared
too yeah but for that guy to then say I
would have gone without a weapon into a
school and done what you'd that guy okay
but in regards to this specific video
one is how he holds on to the lectures
or walk on right and this second if you
noticed is how he holds on to the Secret
Service guy he like oh yeah you were too
rushed into a building with a guy
shooting an ar-15 without a weapon yeah
it's you know this is the guy who said
his own personal Vietnam was avoiding
STDs at the orgies he went to so the
idea that he's is some sort of brave
person he's the definition of a chicken
hawk isn't he one of these guys who you
know I support the military I support
every single war we've ever gone to but
of course I would never go and I don't
want my family to go and you know don't
I'm not that brave but I'm brave enough
to after the fact scold an officer and
say you know I wouldn't even disagreed
with his comments if he didn't add the
part about him going in like if he was
just gonna scold the officer and say you
know what that you should went in man
yeah like okay I'm with you dumb I'm I
get it like there were questions about
how they acted but he's using this and
then he makes a ridiculous point about
how brave he is because he can't help
but bring it back to himself because
he's a buffoon yeah look I would you
tolerate anyone like this in your real
life that's the thing that I'm always
stunned with when it comes to
Republicans so alright look he's the
President of the United States so do I
think that the officer there should have
gone into the building of course I think
that everybody thinks that right what is
he doing there if he's not gonna rush in
to help the kids but as the president of
the United States to call out an
individual citizen like that when he's
already gotten all these threats and and
he has to have around-the-clock security
at his house because people are
threatening him you didn't have to pile
on you didn't have to call him a coward
etc okay but fuck like not fine but all
right I understand but then when you say
I'm a better man than him I would rush
in even if I didn't have a weapon like
if you if I hurt somebody at a bar I
just met a guy
so Kyle says oh I got a friend of mine
meet this guy and he's like and he says
all I would rush into the school even
without a weapon ugh I hate this guy
oh yeah that's a ridiculous thing to say
gratuitous and asinine like who says
that nobody says that like that's just a
weird thing to say here's my question
for you
how long until Donald Trump I'm serious
about this supports in some way one of
the conspiracy videos about the Florida
shooting oh yeah I had him on a clock
and I'm surprised he hasn't done it yet
to at least attack the survivors right
which he hasn't quite done yet to be
fair okay him supporting an actual
conspiracy theory like there are crisis
actors I think I did wrong phrase here
but I think he dodged a bullet on that
cuz there was a time when he could have
hit the retweet right and his son did if
you remember Donald Trump jr. did right
but then he got so much blowback for
that that probably somebody tackle it
was like hey look don't do this this is
not the time to retweet your stupid
stuff right and since his son already
got burned down at that but there is no
end to his stupidity so you never know
yeah you know he's he's a apparently
Alex Jones says he talks to Trump every
now and then so one of there might be a
little something a roundabout way of
supporting those coming at some point if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me DUI tea
network.com slash joy
