sheriff Scott Israel is the sheriff in
Broward County Florida where 17 students
unfortunately were just killed in a mass
shooting it was at the Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high school and since that
happened he's come out pretty strongly
in favor of gun control and Republicans
are all over him because of that so
first I want to take a moment here look
at dana loesch who debated him last week
at a CNN Town Hall because I have kids
and I'm not just fighting for my kids
I'm fighting for you I'm fighting for
you I'm fighting for all of you so that
answers there is your question with a
check for second though and and I
understand you're standing up for the
NRA and I understand that's what you're
supposed to do but you just told this
group of people that you are standing up
for them you're not standing up for them
so that was a great moment in Kyle as
soon as I saw that I thought up he's in
trouble because the NRA and the
right-wing do not tolerate that kind of
public dissent so and it's not just
about politicians I mean look they're
targeting the survivors right so in that
case it's mainly the alt-right and the
trolls and the but some portions of I
don't know if there is such a thing is
the legitimate right wing but calling
them crisis actors etc when a cop is
sheriff in this case in his uniform
calls out the NRA AM national television
they're gonna come form and so of course
they have yeah you know I thought the
the badge in the uniform might make them
hold off a little bit but I was wrong do
the trick
yeah of course the new Republican Party
is a little too a lot different no
movement the old Republican Party was
for free trade the new Republican Party
is theoretically against free trade it's
a little complicated but yeah there's
still for it I would be with them if
they were against free trade no but but
that's that's at least what Donald Trump
sold them during the election and and
the new Republican Party kind of hates
cops so they hate the FBI which is top
law enforcement agency they talked
against them all the time and if you're
a cop who says hey by the way I don't
like all these guns in the neighborhood
one because they kill cops two because
they kill the citizens we're supposed to
protect well then you're a marked man so
the only question is how they're going
to come after him right so it's actually
worse than that though because
Republicans decided to take it a step
further
so the Miami Herald reports here cheers
from the students at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School have been drowned
out by demands from dozens of state
lawmakers that he be suspended from
office for incompetence and neglect of
duty queries about acts of heroism have
been replaced by a state investigation
into why one of his deputies waited
while teenage gunman Nicholas Cruz
killed 17 and wounded 15 more with an
assault rifle now the Florida House
Speaker richard Corcoran said of sheriff
Israel the failures of Sheriff Israel
and his deputies during and after the
horrific shooting at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School on
14 20 18 and their failures to intervene
regarding Nicolas Jacob Cruz in the in
the years months and days leading up to
that shooting are unacceptable and
unforgivable
as a result of Sheriff Israel's failures
students and teachers died so I think
what they're trying to do here is
deflect from the obvious conversation
the elephant in the room which is hey
what should we do about our insanely
weak gun laws and so these are diversion
tactics and it looks like it kind of
worked because we really are having a
conversation now about that oh no it
completely worked what what drives me
crazy about mainstream media is how
oblivious they are too political gaming
so there's just like what what are we
what do you think we're covering
politics like yeah that's what you're
pretending to do you're pretending cover
the news the politics so it didn't occur
to you that the Republicans don't want
to talk about gun control and hence will
look for diversionary tactics just like
this one it didn't occur to you that
when the sheriff spoke out against the
NRA that the the right-wing politicians
owned by the NRA would then target the
sheriff do you are you in the news
business and so I don't know if it's
naivete or they're just insistence on
not wanting to be called liberal and
neutrality et cetera but those are two
main reasons they're going after a the
sheriff in this case and and look
there's one other thing that they need
to be called out on and we'll do it
again the mainstream media almost
certainly will not do it which is them
saying like I can't not only did the guy
not go in now look you put a guy at a
post you tell them to go in and he
doesn't go in I literally don't know
what you're supposed to do about that
and afterwards you immediately get rid
of them okay yeah I'm aligned with
getting rid of him that's fine yeah okay
so I I'm not totally sure what else
you're supposed to do although I do have
thoughts on their training in a second
but but in terms of the second point
from the Republican politician you just
read the quote from Kyle so he should
have done something about Nicolas Cruz
the shooter before the shooting really
first of all the NRA which you
wholeheartedly support and back says
that they shouldn't do anything about
the mentally ill so
and what's your standard because if
you're standing new standards anyone
who's ever gotten treatment guess their
guns taken away I'll agree to that
standard I know a lot of people who've
gotten treatment treatment won't agree
to that and the NRA will be furious and
go vote for it
hey you're a Republican politician in
Florida you're an important one why
don't you introduce the bill in fact if
sheriff Israel had gone after the
shooter ahead of time I said I'm taking
your guns away because you once got
treatment and somebody complained about
you the Republicans would have been
foaming at the mouth circuited
how could you do this to a wonderful
American who exercising his rights if
it's the new standard I agree right away
let's do it yeah
that's a great point they're saying yeah
why didn't why didn't you do something
about it and your response is yeah I
agree
nakai the guy was out of his mind and it
was clear he was posting on YouTube
under his own name he would make the
argument I'm going to do a mass shooting
like he said that openly I am going to
be a professional mass shooter under his
name on YouTube and if you're if you're
gonna have a universal background check
why wouldn't that be included why
wouldn't you comb through there's people
social media accounts and if they have
statements like I don't know I'm going
to do a mass shooting you say okay well
then you're not going to get guns well
if we're looking at people social media
accounts now if that's really the
Republican proposal that's fascinating
my guess is a lot of your voters aren't
gonna agree with that certainly your
supporters online aren't gonna agree
with that because it's I don't think it
has to be as specific as I'm going to do
a mass shooting in this case it was but
if you threaten violence online and
other things that they had against the
shooter work
he killed small animals some people call
that hunting okay but I don't I I think
that's dangerous but but some people
revel in it Mitt Romney bragged about
how he killed vermin okay and rodents or
whatever with his gun which is
preposterous but anyway a and then he
showed his guns and they said that's so
dangerous he showed us goes all over
social media we're gonna take away the
guns of people showing their guns to
social media and and saying violent
things what
all do you have any right wing guns
we're gonna take away you don't mean
that for a second
all you want to do is blame the sheriff
because you didn't like what he said on
national TV and you want everyone to
desperately look away yeah and he
actually responded and said the
following leaders are responsible for
the agency but leaders are not
responsible for a person I gave him a
gun I gave him a badge I gave him the
training if he didn't have the heart to
go in that's not my responsibility and
by the way now there's an official state
investigation into the sheriff and his
department and 73 Republicans want him
to step down I think 73 Florida
Republicans Florida elected Republicans
yeah so the only part that I'll agree
with him in this argument by the
Republicans is some of the you know
related but slightly different it's the
same case but not about the guy who
didn't go in yeah they say that a lot of
the the cops took too long to go in once
they arrived okay so but that's exactly
what we've been warning you about which
is that the cops are now trained that
their lives are more important than the
citizens lives so if it's an unarmed guy
but it looks like he might have a comb
or he might have a knife or he might
have something who cares should I'm dead
it you never take a chance with your own
life well you can keep telling the cops
over and over again you know the whole
line about better to be judged by 12
than carried out by six which is they
what they tell almost every cop in the
country like don't carried out by six if
that's you know your pallbearers you
don't want to get shot who cares the
juries are gonna let you off anyway it's
like the worst saying in America in
other words who cares about the citizens
just protect yourself then we're all
surprised that cops are reluctant to go
into an act of shooting because they
were trained that their lives are more
important in the citizens lives and they
should never ever take a risk with their
life the training sucks and that is all
across the country again Republicans you
want to fix that training and tell the
cops don't shoot unless you're
absolutely sure that it's a great threat
to your life you want to tell them hey
make sure that you rush in and take more
risks with your life in order to protect
the citizens deal so we've got two deals
here two
if you'd like to actually take him but
it's not about that right
it's about blaming someone else and make
sure there's no gun control yeah
and um I'm totally fine with having the
conversation about where the cops did
and didn't mess up no problem with that
at all but the whole point of this is
they want you to take your eye off the
ball for the real conversation which is
we have insanely lacks gun laws which
have gotten us to the point where
thirty-two thousand people die every
year in America because of gun violence
so you know we can change that it's a we
can choose to change that but they're
trying to divert from that conversation
by any means necessary you just watch
the video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
