this year TYT has been making a lot of
mousse now you can too now how you gonna
do that you want to launch a new
business that sounds fun
you're gonna change careers geez him
Lord Mersey you're gonna need a website
for all that lucky for you
Squarespace also making moves you're
gonna go to Squarespace comm slash tyt
you get 10% off your first purchase and
you're gonna get to build anything you
want on that website with a unique
domain what are you crazy go do it now
go
welcome to TYT degrees we got a great
interview for you guys today
it is old friend Dylan Ratigan but doing
something very different and new running
for Congress New York's 21st district
mr. Ratigan perhaps soon congressman
Ratigan great to have you on the program
nice to be here how are you I'm great
I'm great brother so Dylan of course
hosted his own show on MSNBC we were on
together in fact Dylan gave me my first
break on MSNBC when when he let me
co-host forum or fill-in host forum he
also I also taught people how to say
your name yeah which is another huge
break Dylan as host of The Young Turks
Dylan was a TYT contributor until he
announced that he's running for this
seat he was if you don't know though
this is really interesting he's also
started fast money in closing bell for
CNBC a lot of people have forgotten that
but that's those are two huge shows for
CNBC that Dylan started and he was the
global managing editor for corporate
finance at Bloomberg and and one of the
most interesting cats I know what about
the what about the veteran farming yeah
let alone five years man let alone hella
cow and huh and we've talked about that
on air before as well a business that he
started with veterans a successful
business let alone the book greedy
bastards which was a New York Times
bestseller talking about wealth
extraction one of his top topics of
focus he was known on for at MSNBC and a
little bit at CNBC as well so dill
look you're a guy who's done all these
amazing different things as I just
outlined why run for Congress honestly
the risks to our country are so high
right now jank and the belief that you
can participate by simply saying things
or or ignoring it or disengaging from it
which are you know it's certainly I've
been disgusted over the years but the
fact of the matter is that the stakes
are too high for this country not to
engage at the highest levels of the
debate immediately in order to restore
some level of seriousness and stability
to the federal government of the richest
and most powerful country in the world
so you know you've got this great
expertise in in finance and you actually
taught me a lot about that and so how
would you apply that if you're a
congressman at the end of the day the
root of the issues that plagued the
district that I am running for my home
district New York 21 where I grew up I
was a paperboy I will give you my whole
rigmarole right it's a place that I know
my family came here in the 1700s I moved
back here in 2012 it's a district that
has twice the national average in
unemployment genk it's a district that
has the opioid epidemic rising guns you
pick it okay all those issues are a
direct result of financial policy and
tax policy that is designed to remove
resources money assets from districts
like New York 21 and consolidate them in
an increasingly small group of hands
that tend to exist in a virtual universe
that is monitored on computers in
skyscrapers in cities around the world
as a congressman for a district like New
York 21 which has twice the national
average unemployment which has a
dependency on Medicare Medicaid all
these fundamental assets obviously going
to use my financial expertise to drive
debate on both banking and tax policy to
drive investment in the rural districts
of America that are not absent talented
labor they're not abs
ambition their absent the resources to
support the opportunities for the folks
that are here so that kids like myself
who grew up in districts like this don't
have to leave to this for the city's
Genk in search of opportunity yep and so
of course what a lot of people are
focusing on is that this is a
classically Republican district it has
been for a long time briefly under Obama
it went to Democratic hands and Obama
did win the district 52 46 and 2012 but
Trump won it
54:40 in 2016 so that's a 14-point lead
there for Trump now he's had big leads
in districts where the Democrats have
won easily now in these special
elections that we've seen so obviously
things can change but at least as
Stefanik who is the current
congresswoman there Evonik Stefanik
sorry is has got a war chest of 1.2
million dollars so how do you how do you
beat her in a Republican district like
that well again there's a misperception
of a quote-unquote Republican district
this is a district been as is really a
more any establishment district this is
a district that was a Bernie Trump
district and and they weren't given the
opportunity to vote for Bernie so given
the choice of team the ultimate
establishment candidate and Donald Trump
they chose Donald Trump that's not a
preference for Donald Trump that's an
outright rejection of the establishment
there is no one who has done more
certainly publicly around the ideas and
recognition of the issues with the
establishment that I have and my ability
to connect not only with the Democrats
in this district but with the
independence in the Republicans
transcends excuse me party identities
this is not a partisan issue you're
dealing with a career politician who was
an incumbent who has a job based on a
gerrymander district that she was placed
into out of a career that was born in
college in Washington DC I couldn't ask
for a more appealing opponent in a
general election than a career
politician who has never done anything
in their lives other than take what was
given to them by the establishment in a
gerrymander district this is something
that the independence Republicans and
Democrats all resent because they do
they know for a
fact that they're being manipulated for
their votes in order to empower the
consolidation of resources and influence
inside of the establishment in this case
of the Republican Party and I believe
I'm confident that somebody who was
truly from the district who was born and
raised in this district which is not
something that the incumbent could
obviously say is something that will be
extremely appealing not only in the
Democratic Party but to independents and
Republicans in the reception that I've
received so far from Independence
Republicans to my candidacy because they
know how strong my values and integrity
have been in fighting in and identifying
the corruption and rigging of our
political systems is extremely appealing
to a broad section of the electorate not
just a democratic party so Dylan I I
know you grew up middle-class and rose
up out of nowhere I I know the story of
how you came up and wound up at
Bloomberg etc but you know when people
look at it from the outside they say
well no this guy had three different TV
shows New York Times bestselling book
etc and I think that natural question
they might ask is why are you against
establishment you easily could have been
a part of the establishment you were
right there you were in it for a long
time so why the anger or the frustration
or they antipathy towards the
establishment I guess when you look at
where I came from and you look again
it's not just the family and you know
I've raised by a single mother who
worked at Essex County mental health up
here in New York 21 for much of her
career and has somebody who believed in
the possibility of the American Dream
based on the merit of the accumulation
of your efforts so to realize that the
that the opportunity for people to
actually do that is a lie or is at least
being the barriers to pursuing that path
or being cultivated everyday by the
government in the financial system was
deeply offensive to me I I guess I've
learned a great sense of justice and
equality growing up in this part of the
world and I really was a believer in the
American Way in the truth justice in the
American Way in the most classical sense
eyebrows eight years old Genk when we
beat the Russians and Lake Placid I mean
that's one of the most inspiring moments
in this country's history and certainly
in my own childhood and my sense of
justice ultimately supersedes my desire
to maintain social status and lifestyles
why I resigned from CNBC in the face of
the bank bailouts it's why I left MSNBC
in the face of the political culture
that's not serious about solving
America's problems it's why I decided
that I would invest much of my savings
after I left MSNBC and trying to create
a business that creates solar-powered
hydroponic farms for veterans there's
something inside of me that is more
strongly bonded to the idea of justice
and decency basically human equality
more so than the indulgence of lifestyle
in social position so I want to give out
your website real quick before we go on
but you mentioned something there that
that's really interesting first what's
the website that people can go to Oh
Dylan Ratigan calm dy LAN RA t IG a yo
so everybody check out bill and Ratigan
I've come to find out more about Dylan
find out about the issues as well so but
you mentioned right there that you left
CNBC I think that's a really interesting
story you want to share with people why
you left CNBC at the time that you did
well again up until the financial crisis
I was really a firm believer in the idea
that we lived in a meritocracy where
good ideas attracted money and resources
and money and resources went to those
ideas to solve problems for people and
it wasn't a perfect system by any
stretch but that basically was the
system that we had when the bank
bailouts happened with no strings
attached which became literally the
largest theft and cover-up in American
history it became obvious that we did
not live in a meritocracy that we did
not have a system that was based in
investing money and resources into our
society but rather we had a small group
of people who were in control of a
financial system that maybe it needed to
be bailed out based on what had occurred
but to bail it out with no strings
attached was such an egregious breach of
the basic trust between the people and
the government that I felt no choice but
to point that out which I did at nauseam
every night on Fast Money up until the
point where I resigned I mean base I
don't know how else to say it to you at
the end of the day
I'm a believer in meritocracy and
opportunity and equality in this country
of these equal opportunity in this
country and it was such an obvious
breach of that specific principle which
is a foundational American principle
that if felt wrong for me to just remain
in that job sitting in Times Square
talking about money pretending that what
just happened wasn't the largest theft
and cover-up in the history of this
country
why did CNBC not want you to say that
stuff I would say that there was not I
was there was no support for the message
that I was bringing and rather the
support was for blaming homeowners or
blaming politicians as opposed to
understanding that there was plenty of
blame to go around
whether it was the borrower's the
politicians or the bankers the issue was
not who's to blame for the problem the
issue was that the once the problem had
been revealed rather than changing the
system to prevent its professional
situation they simple of the banks and
under Barack Obama and a Democratic
Congress passed a financial reform bill
that instead of solving the problem or
putting anything in place to prevent it
from happening again
rather create a direct connection
between the federal reserve and the
banks to ensure that if anytime there's
further distress there's never the
humiliation of having to go to the
Congress to ask for money because they
created a legal bypass of the people in
order to guarantee direct access to the
financial to the Federal Reserve to keep
the banks afloat so that is a very large
topic I don't know if we've got time for
it tonight but it really is a revelation
and again you're the one who taught me
that in a lot of ways about how now they
just get the money from the Federal
Reserve I think that that's a disaster
in the making the the they're basically
secret bailouts that have been happening
for the last decade and and pointing
that out you know it cost and that was
the Democrats who did it that's right a
Democratic Party majority did that yeah
and and and people would get mad at me
when when I pointed that out
but sad day it realities reality and and
and it doesn't reality is not part is it
right and so in fact you talk about it
let's talk about that for a sense you
said that it made sense to you that
people in your district and and a lot of
places in the country wanted to go for
Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump because
Hillary Clinton Barack Obama and George
W Bush had become detached from the
American people what do you mean by that
I mean that the American people and
specifically the people that I had know
best in New York 21 are people who
simply want to have a sense that there's
a level playing field of opportunity for
them and their children and that they're
not dealing from two different decks one
for those who control the political
process and one for those who do not and
the reality is that the system of
politics that was cultivated really
going back to Bill Clinton and then
through george w bush and then
throughout through Barack Obama was one
that was really based on raising money
by vilifying the opponent in order to
perpetuate their own existence while
simultaneously ignoring the complete
departure of everything from
manufacturing to to lending from
districts like New York 21 and that
leads to unemployment rates that are two
times a national average and when we got
to 2016 we found herself in a situation
where the electorate had had enough and
remember there was so much hope for
President Barack Obama after lead the
Bush presidency that after eight years
of Barack Obama not doing things for the
unemployment rate in districts like New
York 21 and all the rural districts that
are like New York 21 and instead really
working on vilifying the opponent and
making menacing immoral and wrong people
can see through it because the reality
is they know they're not getting the job
they're not they're not getting what
they want and even health care reform
which really should have been a national
health care system instead became a
mandate to force everybody to buy into
an unreformed in private insurance
monopolies which is why the private
insurance stocks soared on that news and
they hid behind the
they were adding coverage but the
reality was that was a complete cop-out
of a health care plan that really just
enriched the insurance companies as a
way to run on the fact that they had
expanded coverage and it did nothing
about the fact that health health
outcomes in this country and
deterioration anyway that's I can give
you a thousand anecdotes but the bottom
line is there enough was enough and so
when Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump
came into the room they were the two
people that knew that enough was enough
and they were the two who they were
speaking directly to people about the
fact that enough is enough and instead
of allowing senator Sanders a more equal
playing field to offer up his candidacy
from the Democratic line it was obvious
that the system inside the demócratas
working against him and that's something
that further alienated the population in
districts like New York 21 to the point
there's a Paris I won't say this to you
there's if you google the ultimatum game
the ultimatum game is a game where one
person has power and the other person
who doesn't okay and what happens is the
person with power gets to decide how
much food both people get so let's
assume that you Genk have the power and
I don't and you can say you can give me
five for you if there's ten pieces of
food you can give me five I you keep
five if you do that I'm like wow Jenks a
great guy now my only option in this
game is to either accept the food that
you give me or decide that nobody gets
any food then we both starve now when it
goes to six to four in the game now I
don't think you're such a good guy but
I'll still take the four pieces of food
it goes to seven to three in the game I
really don't think very much of you but
I'll take the three pieces of food but
when you get to eight to two where
you're giving one portion of the
population basically nothing and keeping
eight pieces of whatever it is in this
all your M&Ms or whatever we want to use
it doesn't matter what it could be money
doesn't matter what it is the ultimatum
game in behavioral economics dictates
and it's been researched thoroughly
across many and many an illustrious
institution that what happens to the
weaker party at the eight to two mark is
they say you know what no food for me no
food for you and what you saw in the
2016 election was a rational behavioral
economic response to a sense of being
abused and abandoned by institutional
politics over
decades most of those Donald Trump boats
are not necessarily votes for Donald
Trump their votes against an
institutional system that is completely
detach itself from the people in general
and the only option that they had
relative to a the ultimate institutional
candidate with Hillary Clinton was to
vote for Donald Trump which is another
issue with our system which is we have
this two-party system that basically
only provides people with these two
candidates and these two pathways which
is something that as a congressman one
of the things obviously I will lead on
is political reform to work on ending
gerrymandering and certainly opening up
the primary process to create a broader
pool of candidates across the board I
think your assessment of why people
voted for Donald Trump and why they
can't stand the establishment is exactly
right
I think the establishment is totally
unaware of it they think well I don't
know what you guys are talking about
status quo is great my stock markets up
I'm in great shape everybody I know in
New York is in great shape but that's
what's that's not what that might be
happening in Manhattan it's not great in
New York 21 no it's not no and and I
think in that's what led the brexit
that's what led to corporate closing a
24-point lead that's what led to Bernie
Sanders closing a 60 point lead on
Hillary Clinton so any how to say this
New York 21 is America Jang New York 21
is America
America as a voter America as an economy
of the reason Donald Trump is the
president ID States and the reason
Bernie Sanders would have been a very
viable and in my opinion probably would
have won the election between the two
but that's my personal view but the
reason that the outcome is what it is
and the reason the resentment is what it
is is because of the abandonment of
districts like New York 21 across the
board not just in the political process
but even in the coverage because of the
gerrymandering people don't even look at
these districts these districts are left
as foregone conclusions which is part of
the reason why I decided to stick my
head into this race race specifically to
highlight the issues of an abandonment
at New York 21 and prove that the people
at district like this well of which I am
one of and of the people that I know are
not Republicans and Democrats ultimately
the
human beings who want to be given the
same opportunities and security that
everybody else wants and they want to be
represented in the House of
Representatives by somebody who
represents them as opposed to somebody
who raises money to create nasty
commercials about their opponent so I
got to ask you about those two policies
then in in Ratigan's ideal world what
should bomb have done with the
healthcare policy and and with when the
banks had collapsed with the banks it
was easy the capital requirements right
the only thing that really matters is
the greatest regulator and the financial
system is capital requirements whether
it's capital requirements on the balance
sheets of the banks themselves or in the
act or the credit insurance that really
were where the the flaw was you know
that what I'm say capital requirements
what I mean is when you allow a bank or
a financial institution to lend more
money than it has by 40 to 150 to 100 to
1 any little blip in that that creates a
huge blowback and basically a crisis and
that's the easiest regulator it's not
about having thousands of pages of rules
about what you should and shouldn't do
it's about having the ultimate regulator
which is retained risk and transparency
and when the risk resides with those who
take the risk I guarantee you it will be
managed but when you create a system
that allows risk to be transferred from
those who create the risk to the public
markets and the government the incentive
is to manufacture as much risk as
humanly possible because it pays the
most and if you've used the bet the
losing bets get transferred into the
public markets and to the government
does that make sense
absolutely before we go to healthcare
let me just finish up on that where are
we today with that in terms of place
we've ever been except for now you don't
have to go to Congress when there's a
problem so the risk ratio is still out
of whack which still encourages wild
risk-taking warren buffett warned about
the derivatives again a little while
back leverage is as high or higher than
it's ever been
so those weapons of financial mass
destruction are still out there it's
just the one yes yes but they've been
disarmed by the direct connection to the
Federal Reserve which basically then
all the rest skin to the US that's a
dollar so used to be the risk lived in
another place but now they basically
wired the system so that any default
gets wired into the US currency and then
they basically bet that the u.s. dollar
will be able to endure it which
obviously it has been although it has
been weakening over the course of the
past year so so for people who might
have trouble following that is it that
when a bank takes the it takes a risk it
doesn't work out and then they're in
trouble what do they do with that in
relationship to the Federal Reserve so
that again any issues that the bank has
resolved with the Federal Reserve by
virtue the Federal Reserve's capacity to
manage system at systematically
significant financial institutions and
then the Federal Reserve manages risk to
systematically significant financial
institutions by printing money in this
end the Federal Reserve can print money
at any denomination or volume that it
wants because the US dollar ultimately
endures it in other words the dollar
doesn't decline in value when we make
more dollars because the dollar is
valued relative to the euro and the yen
as opposed to on some sort of
fundamental or empirical basis it's a
relative valuation yep okay so that
disaster waits for us unless there are
good people in Congress who don't have
skin help us avoid it sure
and then unhappy I would say I'll go
ahead I'm sorry I don't we'll leave that
one for now okay no now you got me
curious why who is the disaster perhaps
not ahead but know what that disaster
looks it is a collapse or decline in the
US dollar and that can play out in a
couple different ways right now we're
seeing an orderly decline in the US
dollar which is certainly preferable to
what happened to the British Pound or
the Mexican peso and so no matter what
the risk is no matter how guilty or how
wrong somebody is it's my hope in my
effort certainly as a candidate for
Congress and as a congressman from New
York 21 ultimately is to ensure even
though there may be culpability that
whatever the liabilities are managed in
an orderly way and that there's an
ability to navigate that process we're
going to a world that is ultimately
prosperous and full of all sorts of
abundance and solutions it's just
navigating this period of risk in a way
that allows us to Edoras little pain as
possible which requires a level of
compassion and understanding that is
going to be the central to managing the
amount of pain that we're exposed to
okay and and healthcare what would you
have done on healthcare
first of all health care is how do I say
I'm gonna say I'm gonna start here okay
there's two issues with health care one
is the security security and access to
the current system that's number one and
number two is does what we're paying for
create health we know that what we're
paying for whether it's a public health
care system or a private healthcare
system is not creating health our health
outcomes health outcomes in places like
Newark 21 which is America health
outcomes are in decline we pay more and
we have less healthy human beings so my
first issue with the health care debate
is we're talking about who's going to
pay for a system that's really expensive
then gives us lousy outcomes but I can't
really afford to indulge in that
conversation when the fundamental sense
of security and access is at stake
people cannot talk about optimizing a
system when they feel that they're very
well being and their life is at risk
based on simply accessing the system so
what should they have done exactly the
same thing that they should have done
with the bailout you do the bailout and
then you install capital requirements
and you reform the system well your what
should you do with the healthcare system
you transfer it to a Nash to a public
healthcare system which is the rational
economic system to fund any healthcare
system in the world but you all you do
it with strings attached that force a
shift in the way the money is spent away
from sick care and into all the abundant
preventive measures that are available
and and widely available as solutions in
our society and there and again to shift
the expense from the private or the
public sector or provide any benefit or
policy to that system to that healthcare
system without assigning the strings
that drive towards better health
outcomes is just as reckless as bailing
out the banks with no strings attached
all right and then I wanted to ask you
important question before you get this
Stefanik you you've got a significant
Democratic primary on your hands with a
lot of people in the field and good few
people in the field Siri yeah so why
should people vote for you in the
Democratic primary really very simple I
the fact of the matter is that the
unemployment rate twice the national
average the fact of the matter is that
the opioid epidemic is on the rise here
guns the services to this seat aren't
the district is not getting what it
needs and it and what you have to do in
order to win this district is appeal to
independents and Republicans and bring
the resources into the district that can
actually solve the problem and so while
there are there's no shortage of great
ideas and there's no I don't have any
particular belief that my ideas are that
much more superior to anybody else's on
policy the thing that distinguishes me
from everybody else running in the
Democratic primary is that there's no
one else running in the Democratic
primary who has my understanding of the
district and the district roots that go
back to the 1700s that can be then
married with a level of understanding of
finance and economics money and power to
actually run a formidable enough
campaign on the fundraising committee
and communication side to defeat
Stefanik as well as to serve the
district in the way that it deserves to
be served okay I lied I have one more
question
money in general you never could trust
the media all right all right you can't
trust them that's right that's why you
left so what's your position on money in
politics um so here's the thing money in
politics I started getting money get
money out calm the domain is one that I
purchased right the three or four
hundred thousand person list that's used
by represent dot us is one that I gave
them my objection to the role of money
in politics as that has the root of all
political evil is unchanged at the end
of the day however and it goes with the
same thing I keep saying at the end of
the day maybe it's the middle of the day
you know what's at the end of the day
whether it's public finance of Elections
or private finance of elections it's
small groups of people controlling money
in elections that is the issue and I
believe the most interesting ideas on
money in politics that I've learned over
the course of the past five beers have
come from people like Larry Lessig that
acknowledges that it requires money to
finance political beer there are jobs
people manage campaigns people don't
there's all these things that people
have to do they need to eat they need to
be able to go home all these things they
need to have a home comes from a voucher
system let's call it $200 then everybody
in America gets so that no one in
America can put more than $200 into an
election and that that $200 is something
that you basically have to donate I mean
if it was up to me I would basically
make it a mandatory participation on the
funding side so that you actually having
a conversation about who you're giving
your money to that was a long-winded way
of my saying money is at the root of
evil and the money is not at the root of
evil large amounts of money controlled
by small groups of people is the biggest
issue for the political system and the
answer is to distribute the base of that
financing in a way that diminishes the
power of any one donor I I hardly doubt
there'll be a smarter congressman in
Washington if Dylan Ratigan wins this
race so Dylan great to talk to you and
great to see you moving on to the next
interesting wild chapter of your life
hope to check in with you and see how
the race is going and everybody check
out Dylan Ratigan dot-com and we'll have
all the links whether you want to
volunteer or donate etc to Dylan down
below in the description box on YouTube
and comment section on Facebook thank
you doing
always a pleasure jack thank you
if you liked the interview that you just
watched I got great news for you you
become a Young Turks member you could
watch them live as they happen only the
members get that you also get Young
Turks live you also get aggressive
progressive live an old-school live
everything is available for the members
and commercial free tea white tea
network.com slash join
