let's do one more remember shout out to
Brent welder here he is he's running for
office in Kansas we're raising money for
Matt TYT Kansas calm that's you guys
given fifteen thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars so far if he gets the
fifty thousand dollars he could have a
field team go knock on doors and win
that race poll released yesterday by
Adams group p triple c Public Policy
Polling did the actual poll itself says
that he's got a seven-point lead on the
Republican incumbent Kevin Yoder and if
you don't know Kevin Yoder well bless
your heart okay but let me just tell you
quickly a couple of things about Kevin
Yoder and how despicably is he's top 10
recipient of NRA money and he sponsored
an amendment that would make sure that
taxpayers have to ensure Wall Street
bankers when they're doing the risky
trading so even if you're a conservative
you really want more bank bailouts
that's what Kevin Yoder is for you're
gonna be shocked to find out why turns
out some of his top donors are the top
banks in the country of course Kevin
Yoder is like a poster child for
corruption
it gets worse he also once is in favor
of legislation to help payday lenders
basically loan sharks and and if he's
the number one recipient of donor money
from payday lenders in the country Brent
well dirty whitey member Wolfpack
just endorsed by Adams group d-triple-c
definitely and while people at home are
typing in TYT Kansas com to make a
donation to to Brent's campaign let me
tell you again why he is so important
that he is running so in addition to
being ahead in the polls he was a
longtime qyt member Wolf Pack member he
was a Bernie Sanders delegate to
Democratic National Convention serving
on the platform committee where he
authored a major camp campaign finance
reform provision of what became the
Democratic national platform he is he is
the real deal this is the kind of person
that the establishment does not want to
be the Democratic standard bearer in a
very competitive race like this right
also you know true to Democrats often
shooting themselves in the foot you know
they they will determine you know we
collectively will determine whether
Democrats have to keep
of picking up 20 seats 30 seats or more
like 70 or 80 seats and our chances will
go way up to really send a message in
this resistance moment if we have more
people on the ballot like Brent builder
this is key to victory he's out there
campaigning that thinks people actually
are inspired by Medicare for all
campaign finance reform expanding Social
Security so it is our obligation to make
sure that he wins this primary against
somebody who is campaigning as having
the courage to compromise and leading
from the center leading from the middle
it's ridiculous so seriously TYT kansas
calm it is so important and not only
will he be able to hire a field team and
really bring this message to voters but
we are liberating him from having to do
call time to big out-of-state donors and
still allowing him to go around his
district knocking on tens of thousands
of doors because we are fueling him at a
grassroots level all right so look if
you're watching this later when we're
not live inside YouTube in the
description box you'll have you could
just click onto your Deacons calm we'll
also put Brent's website up in the
description box Brent well they're calm
so you can click on and find out more
about him it'll be in the comment
section on Facebook you know one more
thing about Brent which I love he
donated to build a studio so we got to
stick together guys so he was there for
us we want to be there for him and and
this is how we how we win not any big
donations Brent gave a small donation
here you guys can give a small donation
back to him and we will as well and
let's get to $50,000 let's hire the team
that he needs to do that and get the
volunteers out there and wouldn't it be
it it's like Adams that wouldn't be an
amazing story in the middle of Kansas
here's this true progressive who's gonna
represent you guys to not taking any
corporate PAC money it'll send
shockwaves through Washington and it'll
be fantastic you could make that happen
you just watch the video by the Young
Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
