our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt following Trump's
statements about dr. Blasi Ford at his
rally in Mississippi in those comments
of course he decided to mock dr. Blasi
Ford a number of public figures
including lawmakers and some Fox
television hosts decided to criticize
him so let's go through these criticisms
let's start with Jeff Blake start with
you senator flake what do you think of
those remarks well there's there's no
time in no place for remarks like that
but to discuss something this sensitive
that a political rally is just it's just
not right it's just right I wish you had
that done it
just say it's it's kind of a falling
okay so I'll address what he said in
just a minute but first a side point I
guess I like he hidden chris coons now
do every television appearance together
like we got it you guys are buddies you
guys are like you know the bipartisan
effort on this except flake votes with
conservatives and and with Trump a
hundred percent of the time pretty much
yeah I think I'm gonna do a movie
together soon one of those like buddy
comedies and but instead of being cops
they're gonna be like bipartisan
senators it's gonna be the least
interesting movie ever made probably
right but look usually when you have
bipartisan agreement in Washington it
means they're coming to rob you and
everybody you huge taxes the rich or
whatever else it might be in this case
it is actually welcomed bipartisanship
and as flake himself as admitted he said
I would never do this if I was if I was
up for re-election I'm retiring that's
the only reason why I can tell you
honestly he's said in 60 minutes they
said would you have done the right thing
here in this case and called for an FBI
investigation if you were running for
reelection he said not a chance
that's the only reason why you're seeing
decency there but at the end of the day
by the way not only did he vote to
advance Cavanaugh not only does he vote
with Trump about 95% of the time but
when the Democrats asked to bring mark
judge in for two so that he could be
questioned he voted no so he's also in
some ways part of the cover-up again I'm
giving him credit here because it's very
rare to see a Republican ever do
anything that's conciliatory or
compromise and he did call for the FBI
investigation and you should give him
credit for that but overall understand
that he overwhelmingly votes with the
bad guys anyway even though he's
retiring there will be one last vote on
Kavanagh and and that will likely be
determinative for Jeff Lakes career
reputation etc we'll see I mean
certainly reputation I feel like if
you're not gonna seek re-election just
do the right thing but anyway we'll see
how this goes Susan Collins was also
asked the same question as she was
basically running away from reporters
and into her office so let's hear what
she had to say
just drugs just plain wrong
okay that's fair she turn around that
and talk to the reporters and say just
plain wrong we'll take it there's only
one thing that matters how are they
gonna vote at the end so and and the FBI
investigation is not in yet so look I
think we've seen enough we came in with
an open mind we covered on the show four
days and go back our watch our videos
from the first couple of days and all
throughout and but the evidence has been
mounting and mounting that Cavanaugh
lies on a consistent basis he did it
several times during his testimony
including saying he he hadn't heard of
the Ramirez allegations second
allegations until the new york's Yerger
story came out now it is indisputable we
have text and other evidence showing but
no he knew about the article and was
trying to go after ramirez's credibility
before the article so whether you think
it's okay to go after her credibility he
clearly lied and that is one of many
instances so I think I've seen enough
but I know that the Republicans like
Collins need overwhelming overwhelming
proof it has to be the clearest thing in
the world the FBI investigation is still
to come but at the end of the day
Collins flake Murkowski and anyone else
with a conscience we're gonna find out
we're gonna find out which way you're
gonna vote and it'll stay with you for
the rest of your life so one of the more
interesting responses came from brian
kilmeade on Fox and I just say that it
was an interesting reaction because he
wants to criticize Trump but he's on Fox
so he has to be super measured and how
he does so so just watch how he attempts
to do this the tactic of the president
laying low has been lauded by all sides
last night he chose to blow it as the
FBI is handing in the report as early as
today I wonder about the wisdom as much
as a crowd loved it I wonder about the
wisdom tactically of him doing that well
there were holes in her story I wonder
about the wisdom of him doing it now why
don't you just say it it was a really
bad idea to mock the
accuser here especially before any of
the FBI findings are released and by the
way he mentioned that these findings
could be released or given to the Senate
Judiciary Committee as soon as tonight
what happened in one week I thought this
was gonna be a one week investigation
hasn't been a week I know it's that why
not take the full week it's unbelievable
anyway we'll see we'll see the FBI
reports not in yet but until me
you know it's up until now we've just
talked about the substance of how bad it
was for Trump to mock her at a political
rally but but if we're talking tactics
has kill me brought up also keep that in
mind and that's why Fox might be upset
because it's only going to alienate
flake Collins and Murkowski and make it
harder for them to vote yes so Fox News
wants them to vote yes the Republican
Party wants them to vote yes all
conservatives want them to vote yes and
Trump just made that harder because he
rubbed it in everybody's face ahaha I'm
laughing at her I'm laughing at her now
when Collins votes with him she's gonna
seem like she's laughing at the sexual
assault survivor too and made her job
tactically much harder but that's why I
told you that Trump was gonna get almost
nothing done because he's a buffoon and
it's any time any reporter talks about
how they talks in any context about
Donald Trump's strategy honestly they
should be fired there's no strategy
there's never any strategy if you're
pretending there's a strategy you
apparently have not been paying
attention at all he's just a monster and
he can't help himself so he gets out
there in front of his crowd and he's
like let's throw her to the Lions
there's no strategy of course that's
gonna hurt you politically but he's just
too dumb to know or care on the go don't
worry we got you covered you still
listen to TYT at our new podcast network
find us on Apple podcast at Google Play
Store or at TYT comm slash podcast
