all right welcome the young turks
jankura ana kasparian once again
obviously huge news day hence we must
start the conversation with our clothing
about our clothing so i don't know that
we've ever had a bigger disparity yes
I'm the one that's on fleek but today
not so much so I'm not saying I look
good I'm just you know that conversation
just started organically oh you've
already destroyed you've determined that
you look good and of course today we
have lumberjack Anna
so say lumberjack Anna's their favorite
kind of Anna so when are we going to do
live action for yours that kids kid at
home can buy ok lumberjack Anna I don't
know this is a bunch of other ones that
we can with ak-47 Casper the Friendly
host etc oh my god for John Ida rola we
could do like a thousand different
action figures Johnny pie Johnny Tai
TrueNorth John with no beard with a
beard with classes ok in the postgame I
want to talk to you guys about one of
John's hobbies I mean I'm gonna ask him
if he'll be okay with me talking about
it or he will oh wait it's coming it's
of course why would we ask for it from
Johnny PI anyway get that post game by
going to t y-t-dot-com slash join today
we got a ton of stuff for you guys
throughout the network so old schools
tonight mark thompson michael shara and
today one of the fun topics I'd like to
have what M is what was their favorite
job ever and Marcus had an interesting
career he's been a weatherman a talk
show host and one of the top of voice
actors in the country you know voice of
American Idol and cops etc so we'll have
that discussion for the members on old
school just fun postgame we'll make fun
of Johnny PI that'll be great
plus I have some stories we didn't get
to over the last couple of days that I
want to share with you guys in the
postgame as well
and and then I got rebel a couple of
great guests for on rebel headquarters
of course and I want to let you know
that speaking of the entire network
facebook.com slash rebel HQ is where we
stream a lot of the progressive events
in the country including tomorrow
there's a women strike us org that is a
rally called cancel Kavanagh it's an
event not around it as much it's a walk
out against patriarchy and we will be
covering that tomorrow on at 4:00 p.m.
Eastern you could always get those
streaming events alive at facebook.com
slash rebel HQ okay and of course get
all of our programming by becoming a
member
t y-t-dot-com slash join and today I
don't know why today was the day that
set me off but and it's not like we it's
news to me but the combination of
Trump's tax story and what he said about
doctor for which we'll get to in a
second I mean I became sad for the
country all over again that we have this
pathetic pathetic man the worst of us as
our president so it's it's an indictment
not just of him of the country but I
think perhaps even humanity III know
that's a lot to say and but we'll talk
more about it as we go here and I think
unfortunately I think we'll prove out
our case on today's show all right Anna
take it away all right Donald Trump was
in Southaven Mississippi for a rally and
even though he has been somewhat
relatively measured in response to
accusations against Brett Kavanaugh he
really let loose during this rally and
he directly attacked dr. Blasi Ford so
we're gonna show you a portion of what
he had to say and then discuss it so
let's take a look so many different
charges guilty until proven innocent
that's very dangerous for our country
that's very dangerous for our country
shouldn't happen to him shouldn't happen
to him what he's going through 36 years
ago this happened I had one beer right I
had one beer well you think it was
written up there was one beer
well good how did you get home I don't
remember how'd you get there I don't
remember where is the place I don't
remember how many years ago was it I
don't know
I don't know what neighborhood was it
and I don't know where's the house at
her
upstairs Downstairs where was I don't
know but I had one beer that's the only
thing I remember and a man's life is in
tatters a man's life is shattered his
wife has shattered his daughters who are
beautiful incredible young kids they
destroy people they want to destroy
people these are really evil people I
mean yours are a projection these are
really evil people this poor man's life
was shattered he said look do I have to
look there's two parts of this one is
how sick it is to attack her after he'd
already called her very credible and of
course he couldn't contain himself and
it has to make a lot of people's stomach
turn throughout the country women sexual
assault survivors in the first place the
second part is as usual riddled with
falsehoods lies over and over and over
again so I what year was it I don't
remember no that's not true she does
remember it was 1982 she was very clear
about that is it upstairs or downstairs
I don't remember that's not true she was
incredibly clear about that it was
upstairs and and the so the only thing I
remember is having one beard no she
unfortunately remembers the sexual
assault very very clearly everything he
said was a lie and we knew that this
monster couldn't help himself let me ask
you something first off he mentions the
phrase guilty until proven innocent as
if Brett Kavanaugh is facing a criminal
investigation right now he's not facing
a criminal investigation perhaps he
should because if this had to do with a
possible conviction for a crime then
it's wrong to consider someone guilty
guilty until proven innocent now put
that aside he doesn't know if Cavanaugh
is guilty we don't know without a shadow
of a doubt if he's guilty
which is why again for the billionth
time it's important to do the
investigation which
Republicans were running away from and
now they're still severely limiting
there are a number of people who have
been trying to get in touch with the FBI
to pass over evidence and they've been
unable to do so all sorts of issues with
the investigation later on in the show
we're going to talk about how Mitch
McConnell and other members of the
Senate are trying to prevent Democratic
senators from seeing the result of the
investigation they're trying to prevent
Americans from seeing the results of the
investigation why what are they afraid
of if you are certain that he's innocent
then you should have nothing to be
afraid of okay but that's beside the
point when was the last time you went to
a job interview which is essentially
what Brett Kavanaugh went to when he
went to all these hearings including the
hearing where they testified about the
alleged sexual assaults but when was the
last time you went to a job interview
yelled accused people of things cried
demanded you know certain things be done
and you got the job have you had that
ever happened anyone that's a good point
I never thought about it that way no no
one no one is entitled to anything
including a job in the highest court of
the land okay and so I agree if he's
facing a criminal probably you know
prosecution and he's potentially gonna
get convicted for something you can't
just assume he's guilty I don't think
you should just assume he's guilty in
this case either but again the way
Republicans have handled this makes it
appear that they don't believe he's
innocent look it'sit's some of the
Republicans have been handling this with
a little bit more depth than others so
flake for example he voted to get have
Cavanaugh advance to the Senate anyway
don't get me wrong about that but he
asked her an FBI investigation and he
has been trying to be a respectful of
dr. Blasio Ford others have been a lot
more vituperative like Lindsey Graham
continues to attack everyone on this
case just today he talked about how
senator Klobuchar should apologize to
Cavanaugh for ever asking about his
drinking habits and and but of course
the worst of all was he hadn't been yet
and we were clear about that we're like
well we even joked around about hey
are they giving him tranquilizers what's
going on and gave him credit for
not doing what he normally does but you
knew that it was a matter of time take
their take take take the thick and the
bomb goes off and so to say that he was
deeply disrespectful there it's an
understatement
let alone the the lies as he's mocking
this woman who is a sexual assault
survivor that's and everyone agrees her
story was credible the only thing that
the Republicans have to hang their hat
on is that it wasn't Kavanagh that's
their main argument but you're gonna
mock her when you even called her
credible almost all the Republicans now
say yeah it very likely happened her it
just might not have been Kavanagh so you
decided yeah she probably has survived
an attempted rape and that it tries her
for years who cares let's go make fun of
her at a political rally
that's who Donald Trump is well there
are two things that the Republican Party
is is doing and they do it
simultaneously and it's incredibly
ridiculous because I guess they don't
think they need to choose one strategy
or the other they're just trying both
simultaneously so the first strategy is
to paint or as a liar right the second
strategy is to acknowledge that it
happened but it happened so long ago who
cares in fact during that same rally
during that same speech Trump said and I
quote verbatim what he's going through
36 years ago this happened oh so are you
acknowledging that it happened but you
don't care because it was 36 years ago
we're talking about the highest court in
the United States
you are comfortable with someone
committing a sexual assault I don't care
if he was in high school if you
attempted rape that says something about
you it's not the same as experimenting
with drugs it's not the same as possibly
shoplifting I think people can mature
and change if you think you're entitled
to someone else's body like that I don't
think you should ever serve as a judge
period but he said that what he's going
through 36 years ago this happened well
the highest office in land is President
and Trump has been accused
of sexual misconduct by 15 to 20 women
depending on how you count and people
have lost count gentlemen but let's take
the lower number 15 different woman said
the Trump did likewise that he grabbed
him as he bragged about in that famous
Hollywood access tape or Access
Hollywood tape I grabbed him in the
genitalia grabbed their breasts groped
them sexually assaulted them sexually
harassed them etc and that was earlier
than 36 years ago anything but I mean
what don't guys get to do this anymore
so for him the good old days is we do it
to you and you take it and and that's
what he wants to go back to and part of
what's so sickening is of course all the
people in the background including the
women cheering yeah good old days what
are we gonna go back 36 years and punish
a guy for trying to rape someone come on
really so I want to address one other
part of this during Donald Trump's rally
in Mississippi he thought that it was a
great idea to mock one of Brett
Cavanaugh's accusers dr. Blasi Ford and
after he mocked her the crowd behind him
was seen cheering and specifically
laughing you could hear the crowd
laughing as well and what stood out to
me was part of dr. blahs ease testimony
though the one thing she said she
remembers vividly about the alleged
assault so let's take a look at what her
testimony was both Fred and Mark were
drunkenly laughing during the attack
they seemed to be having a very good
time indelible in the hippocampus is the
laughter the lap the uproarious laughter
between the two and they're having fun
at my expense they were laughing with
each other and you were the object of
the laughter I was you know underneath
one of them that while the two left
to fret to friends having a really good
time with one another so we heard that
testimony I'm we're gonna play this
video for you guys again so we and they
asked her so you were the object of
their laughter and she said yes just a
little while later Trump and in rally in
Mississippi did this and in this case I
want you to pay attention to the crowd
so many different charges guilty until
proven innocent that's very dangerous
for our country that's very dangerous
for our country shouldn't happen to him
shouldn't happen to him what he's going
through 36 years ago this happened I had
one beer right I had one beer well you
think it was it nope there was one beer
oh good
how did you get home I don't remember
how'd you get there I don't remember
where is the place I don't remember how
many years ago was it I don't know
I don't know I don't know what
neighborhood was it and I don't know
where's the house at her
upstairs Downstairs where was I don't
know but I had one beer that's the only
thing I remember and a man's life is in
tatters a man's life is shattered his
wife has shattered his daughters who are
beautiful incredible young kids they
destroy people they want to destroy
people these are really evil people uh
were you the object of their laughter
yes so they laughed at her again and to
see those women laughing to a hole see
one of them holding up a woman for Trump
sign and and I mean look a lot of the
guys you just saw the video yourself was
smiling throughout and there's the
little kid there Jesus man what is this
country become even other Republicans
Collins like saying appalling I mean
bringing up this issue in a political
rally for it is a it's terrible to begin
with let alone mocking the survivor and
then having everybody laugh along you
know I know that his rallies are a
circus and that's what they like about
him he's an entertainer I've explained
this before he's he's basically the WWE
entertainer and he creates characters
and the CNN and the other guys are the
bad guys but that everybody has fun and
asked for autographs afterwards even of
acosta the CNN anchor etc but there's
some things that shouldn't be
entertainment and so this is a critique
I have often of the conservatives they
just think it's a fun game and I guess
for them it is a fun game they have
power they get rich there's if they have
a lot of benefactors but politics isn't
a game it affects people's lives so
that's a real person Christine Blasi
Ford and most Republicans acknowledge
that what happened here was real not all
of them obviously acknowledged that it
was Kavanagh but you're gonna
a sexual assault survivor like that and
the crowds gonna go nuts I mean here we
are back in Rome and and in the
Colosseum and people are being fed to
the Lions symbolically and the crowd is
entertained gee I wonder why sexual
assault victims don't come out and
report it as soon as it happens we have
one more Ford video that I want to show
you again this is from her testimony at
the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing I
believed he was going to rape me I tried
to yell for help when I did Brett put
his hand over my mouth to stop me from
yelling this is what terrified me the
most and has had the most lasting impact
on my life it was hard for me to breathe
and I thought that Brett was
accidentally going to kill me
somewhere corey lewandowski is saying
womp womp and the whole republican party
if you still stand by these people you
know it's one thing if you were scammed
into voting for Trump during the
election but if after all this you still
support them you embarrass me like you
make me embarrassed to be an American
and and that's the overwhelming feel
like a feeling I got today man the guy
this is a sick guy and and unfortunately
well I was just saying more people voted
for him they didn't but it did he won
the election either way and and tens of
millions of fellow Americans voted for
him enough for him to win and so what
does this say about us not just Trump
not just the people at that rally not
just as his voters but about us and
about humanity that we're willing to let
a monster like this be our leader
because we're a little entertained we
hope you're enjoying this free clip from
The Young Turks if you want to get the
whole show and more exclusive content
while supporting independent media
become a member at TYT dot-com slash
joined today in the meantime enjoy this
free Center
all right back on Aon church I'm gonna
actually go to go to YouTube super chat
first then to the members being Plain
Jane writes in on super chat thank you
for years of teaching me about our
government seriously thank you guys I
mean I appreciate that that you guys
trust us on that and and of course we
always ask you to do your own research
as well you should always hold everyone
accountable okay
sincerely Scully writes in what's your
take on Gilliam / Hillary campaigning
together in Florida I think it will
snatch defeat from the jaws of victory
they'll never learn they'll never learn
I don't know why Gilliam is asking for
it she lost Florida she's not popular in
Florida she's not popular anywhere why
would you get maddening I really don't
get it I don't she lost to Trump like
one of the worst people on the planet we
were just talking to him the break about
how he has like usually people are a
mixed bag Trump has no redeeming
qualities and he won he won against
Hillary Clinton why would you think it's
a good idea to campaign with no no no
Democrats didn't never ever ever ever
gonna learn we're gonna relive this in
just a couple of months guys once the
election is over twenty twenty starts
okay and no one will have learned a
single damn lesson they'll all say
Bernie's unelectable even though he gave
a huge percentage of the vote they'll
also you should pick an establishment
person like Hillary cuz that's the way
to win they'll say it watch Ike it's
guaranteed write it down in stone okay
so anyway engineer says look I think
Gilliam is gonna win anyway but it's not
helping him if anything it's hurting him
that's just the reality of it I'm done
with early Clinton there's no point in
being angry at her it's not about that
at all right it's just that it's a bad
strategy it's hurting his chances anyway
okay engineer writes in now in the
members section BK Brett Kavanaugh is
instantly impeachable once on the
Supreme Court any replacement will be
just as conservative but could be around
for forty years
be careful what you wish for it that's a
really interesting point and what I had
not considered so the because the
Republicans might be screwing themselves
over worse I mean if at any point
somebody comes forward let's say I mean
it could be that hey there but Connell
Rush is the phone
it could be and and then we find out
what was more stuff that was in that bi
report all that but it could be the
three years from now
mark judge and therapy goes we did it
I got to get it off my chest we did it
right and then he comes forward and
tells people yeah we did it well they're
gonna impeach Cavanaugh and then you
might have a democratic precedent
oops instead of having a conservative on
the court for thirty forty years you
might only have them for a brief period
of time so but no no no no no no no they
gotta have it their way they gotta have
a conservative they gotta have it be the
most right-wing one they gotta have it
right now and and and if you know these
charges be damned who cares I bet you I
mean Anna said it a million times
McConnell warned Trump not to pick this
guy Trump picked him anyway did did they
know did he know maybe he knew and
thought I'm gonna stick with him because
he denies that he strongly denies it why
cuz if he has any empathy for any person
at all it might be a guy accused of
doing sexual assault because he might
see himself no I'm not backing away from
him I don't know okay like like an
engineer said be careful what you ask
for
alright last one is Cece wrote Ogoni I'm
doing the best I can with that name does
Trump have no shame or is he not able to
form new memories and just cannot
remember he called her credible either
way he needs to go Kavanagh needs to go
I'm exhausted watching Trump continue to
lower the bar and that's exactly right
and what we were talking about during
the break the man meaning I
he has no almost seemingly no empathy
for anyone else he has no shame about
lying he has no shame about cheating as
we'll talk about later in the show he
has no shame about his dad who gave him
everything burying his dad trying to
steal from him twice while he was dying
he's the worst guy in the world
he now concluded I used to call him
Jeffrey Trump alright I now believe he's
worse than Joffrey in Game of Thrones
Jeffery at least would have cared about
his mom Cersei Trump seems to care about
no one we've elected a sociopath so you
think well how could he make fun of her
after he called her credible just a
couple of days
because he has no conscience he doesn't
to him lying is the most normal thing in
the world hypocrisy changing your
answers
who cares there was never any
accountability there was never any
consequences so do I look forward to
consequences I mean look if if one day
if I see that guy in in handcuffs it'll
be the happiest day of my life
absolutely absolutely you know I
remember when Castro died Fidel Castro
died and Cubans in Miami South Florida
were celebrating there on the streets
huge celebrations and I get it
especially you know the first wave of
Cuban refugees who came into the United
States I understand where that happiness
comes from now I mean different
political issues clearly but anyway and
so look I want to be super clear because
we're not we're not wrong without those
guys when I talk about consequences I'm
talking about legal consequences because
I don't want the Dick Cheney's in the
end that Donald Trump's the dying one
day especially prematurely I know
they're both old anyway but in some sort
of you know in anyway that's premature
because then people are going to mourn
them they're gonna get sympathy they're
gonna get all this stuff that they've
never ever ever merited I want
consequences while they're alive right
that's why I'm dying for the handgun no
no I
I just realized that what I just said
could be misconstrued of course I don't
want them to die prematurely right I
don't want that to happen to them and
Castro didn't die for like for decades
yeah anyway all right let's go okay
following Trump's statements about dr.
Blasi Ford at his rally in Mississippi
in those comments of course he decided
to mock dr. Blasi for a number of public
figures including lawmakers and some Fox
television hosts decided to criticize
him so let's go through these criticisms
let's start with Jeff Flake start with
you senator flake what do you think of
those remarks
well there's there's no time and no
place for remarks like that but to
discuss something this sensitive in a
political rally is just it's just not
right it's just right I wish you had had
done it just say it it's kind of a
calling okay
so I'll address what you said in just a
minute but first a side point I guess I
like he had Chris Coons now do every
television appearance together like we
got it you guys are buddies you guys are
like you know the bipartisan effort on
this except flake votes with
conservatives and and with Trump a
hundred percent of the time pretty much
yeah I think I'm gonna do a movie
together soon
one of those like buddy comedies and but
instead of being cops they're gonna be
like bipartisan senators it's gonna be
the least interesting movie ever made
probably right but look usually when you
have bipartisan agreement in Washington
it means they're coming to rob you and
everybody you huge taxes the rich or
whatever else it might be in this case
it is actually welcome bipartisanship
and as flake himself is admitted he said
I would never do this if I was if I was
up for re-election I'm retiring that's
the only reason why I can tell you
honestly he's said in 60 minutes they
said would you have done the right thing
here in this case and called for an FBI
investigation if you were running for
re-election he said not a chance that's
the only reason why you're seeing
decency there but at the end of the day
by the way not only did he vote to
advance Cavanaugh not only does he vote
with Trump about 95% of the time but
when the Democrats asked to bring mark
judge in for two so that he could be
questioned he voted no so he's also in
some ways part of the cover-up again I'm
giving him credit here because it's very
rare to see a Republican ever do
anything that's conciliatory or
compromise and he did call for the FBI
investigation and you should give him
credit for that but overall understand
that he overwhelmingly votes with the
bad guys anyway even though he's
retiring there will be one last vote on
Cavanaugh and and that will likely be
determinative for Jeff Lakes career
reputation etc
see I was certainly reputation I feel
like if you're not gonna seek
re-election just do the right thing but
anyway we'll see how this goes
Susan Collins was also asked the same
question as she was basically running
away from reporters and into her office
so let's hear what she had to say just
plain wrong okay that's fair no she turn
around that and talk to the reporters
and say just plain wrong we'll take it
there's only one thing that matters how
are they gonna vote at the end so and
and the FBI investigation is not in yet
so look I think we've seen enough we
came in with an open mind we covered on
the show four days and go back our watch
our videos from the first couple of days
and all throughout and but the evidence
has been mounting and mounting that
Cavanaugh lies on a consistent basis he
did it several times during his
testimony including saying he he hadn't
heard of the Ramirez allegations second
allegations until the new yorks was
Yerger story came out now it is
indisputable we have text and other
evidence showing but no he knew about
the article and was trying to go after
Ramirez as credibility before the
article so whether you think it's okay
to go after her credibility he clearly
lied and that is one of many instances
so I think I've seen enough but I know
that the Republicans like Collins need
overwhelming overwhelming proof it has
to be the clearest thing in the world
the FBI investigation is still to come
but at the end of the day Collins flake
Murkowski and anyone else with a
conscience we're gonna find out we're
gonna find out which way you're gonna
vote and it'll stay with you for the
rest of your life so one of the more
interesting responses came from Brian
Kilmeade
on Fox and I just say that it was an
interesting reaction because he wants to
criticize Trump but he's on Fox so he
has to be super measured and how he does
so so just watch how he attempts to do
this the tactic of the president laying
low has been lauded by all sides
last night he chose to blow it as the
FBI is hand
in the report as early as today I wonder
about the wisdom as much as a crowd
loved it
I wonder about the wisdom tactically of
them doing that well there were holes in
her story I wonder about the wisdom of
him doing it now why don't you just say
it it was a really bad idea to mock the
accuser here especially before any of
the FBI findings are released and by the
way he mentioned that these findings
could be released or given to the Senate
Judiciary Committee as soon as tonight
what happened to one week I thought this
was going to be a one week investigation
hasn't been a week I know it's that why
not take the full week it's unbelievable
anyway we'll see we'll see the FBI
reports not in yet but I'm kill me you
know it's up until now we've just heard
about the substance of how bad it was
for Trump to mock her at a political
rally but but if we're talking tactics
has kill me brought up also keep that in
mind and that's why Fox might be upset
because it's only going to alienate
flake Collins and Murkowski and make it
harder for them to vote yes
so Fox News wants them to vote yes the
Republican Party wants him to vote yes
all conservatives want them to vote yes
and Trump just made that harder because
he rubbed it in everybody's face ah ha
ha I'm laughing at her I'm laughing at
her now when Collins votes with him
she's gonna seem like she's laughing at
the sexual assault survivor too and made
her job tactically much harder but
that's why I told you that Trump was
gonna get almost nothing done because
he's a buffoon and it's any time any
reporter talks about how they talks in
any context about Donald Trump's
strategy honestly they should be fired
there's no strategy there's never any
strategy if you're pretending there's a
strategy you apparently have not been
paying attention at all he's just a
monster and he can't help himself so he
gets out there in front of his crowd and
he's like well let's throw her to the
Lions
there's no strategy of course that's
gonna hurt you politically but he's just
too dumb to know or care well uh another
person who's too dumb doesn't care
Lindsey Graham let's move on to him
during the hearing involving dr. Blasi
Ford and Brett
Cavanaugh's testimony there was an
exchange between senator Klobuchar and
Kavanagh that caught a lot of attention
it was controversial in fact it was so
controversial that later Kavanaugh had
to apologize following a recess during
the hearing but I want to show you that
exchange so you can remember and then
I'm gonna update you with what Lindsey
Graham has just said about that exchange
take a look I remember what happened and
I think you've probably had beer Center
and and so far you're saying there's
never been a case where you drink so
much that you didn't remember what
happened the night before or part of
what happened that's you're asking about
yet blackout I don't know have you could
you answer the question judge I just to
you that's not happened is that your
answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have I have
no drinking problem nor do I yeah
look I've said this a thousand times
before if I was wrongly accused I'd be
snappy to if you believe he was wrongly
accused which I do not but it's it's not
good form even like if you're having an
emotional day by the way he then let's
note for the record that if he was a
woman and he was having an emotional day
when he's applying for a Supreme Court
position probably wouldn't a gun as well
for him okay but to turn around to a
senator and be like oh yo do you have a
drinking problem
haha do you ever black hat well it's not
exactly the temperature or temperament
of a Supreme Court justice right I mean
the fact that he didn't seem to get it
while he was doing it was almost weird
and in he's otherwise a bright guy he's
got a mass of other issues no but here's
the thing look people are emotional I
get that but one of the qualities that
our Supreme Court justices are supposed
to have is that they dispassionately
protect our Constitution enforce our
Constitution if he's this overwhelmed
with emotion
while senator Klobuchar is asking him a
simple question about his drinking
habits by the way you're innocent great
opportunity to talk about your drinking
habits and say hey you know what
instead of lying which she did several
times throughout this hearing I did
enjoy beer when I was in college I did
enjoy beer when I was in high school yes
but I I never experienced being blackout
drunk moving on right it's a relevant
question considering the accusations
against him no he had to go further look
he said I like beer like 29 times but he
kept denying that he drank excessively
when there's it's all over the record
that you would you know projectile vomit
than that you know non-stop obnoxious
drinking etc it's but it's still a layup
if if kolba try ask me that question I
have you ever drank to excess absolutely
have you ever blacked out no no I'm
never I'm never blacked out
I haven't so it's an easy answer I
wouldn't get testy about that because
it's easy I've never blacked out right
asked and answered
but he's obviously testy about it right
and also just oh the optics of it do
matter right you're you're being
questioned by a female senator and when
you snap back at her like that it
doesn't look good it does it considering
the charges against you I'm not saying
that he's treating her that way because
she's a woman
I'm saying that when you do react to her
that way the optics look especially bad
considering the charges against you
right that's what I'm trying to say
okay so then he realized it was a bad
idea and he even apologized for it after
a recess take a look
started my last colloquy by saying to
Sarah Colonna char how much I respect
her and respected what she did the last
hearing and she asked me a question at
the end that I responded by asking her a
question and I didn't sorry I did that
this is a tough process I'm sorry about
that I appreciate that I would like to
add when you have a parent that the
alcoholic you're pretty careful about
drinking okay that's fine he apologized
okay that's good that is good exactly
so now Lindsey Graham he reflects back
on this exchange and here's what he has
to say about it this is the one that
bothers me the most
he apologized to Amy Klobuchar for
snapping at him at her what would you do
if you were accused of all these things
had your life ruined here's what I think
Amy Klobuchar should apologize to judge
Cavanaugh and hit
family for being part of a smear
campaign I haven't seen in over 20 years
in politics should mera campaigns are
very serious sometimes also delicious
yeah you want to make sure you get the
right schmear for the bagel yeah um
anyway but so Amy Klobuchar who asked a
perfectly fine question given the
context of the accusations against him
should be the one who apologizes to him
after he snapped at her yeah yeah they
just they're not getting it it's and
they just go on and on and pile on oh yo
yeah that female senator should
apologize to the guy because she
believed a sexual assault survivor and
she should apologize for asking him any
questions at all okay Lindsay that's how
you want to roll
you know what Trump did do that I guess
could be seen as a positive depending on
how voters react to it moving forward
you know before Trump we thought
Republicans in Congress whether in the
center house of Republicans House
Republican House of Representatives
they're just typical Republicans
conservative they disagree with us on
policy but they're not monsters at least
not all of them right they're just
different in terms of their perspective
on how to run the country but no Trump
has emboldened people like Lindsey
Graham to be publicly open about what
kind of monster he really is yeah well
look remember lazy Graham's the guy who
who's never met a war he didn't want to
make out with and so he recently said
about North Korea it's like yeah but if
the war starts most of the people die
over there not here meaning not just
North Korea but our allies in South
Korea totally indifferent to their lives
that's the kind of monster Lindsey
Graham is in fact the one time that he
got upset with Trump and he just did it
yeah yesterday in another discussion
he said he hears that Trump has to cut
out that love crap with Kim jong-un and
I you know I did a video about this over
the weekend Trump in a rally said that
he fell in love with Kim jong-un so
he'll attack sexual assault survivors
but fall in love with dictators gee I
wonder if he's a bad guy can't quite
tell but
the Graham doesn't like that because he
wants war so he just he's like no no you
should keep attacking camera-shy Oni
attack everyone and and why's Lizzie
Graham suck enough to trump so much well
he lost all his buddies right so Joe
Lieberman was one of the three amigos
with Graham and McCain Lieberman got run
out of the Senate
and then after he left they brought in
Kelly Ayotte to be another war monger
she lost so he's she's got and then
obviously McCain just passed away so
he's looking for an alpha they attached
himself to he's looking for a friend
okay that's so sad and and so that's but
that's who Lindsey Graham is he's a sad
little suck-up and so he's looking for
an alpha to suck up to and so but but
they he he doesn't have quite the
courage to start a fight without an
alpha so he look like let's go get him
listen we should attack right who cares
if the other guys like come on let's go
get him right and now he's trying to you
know slither up to Donald Trump and
start wars with him Lindsey Graham one
of the saddest guys in the country when
we come back we are going to show you
more examples of women approaching
lawmakers and sharing their stories of
sexual assault and their reactions the
lawmakers reactions amazing you don't
want to miss it we'll be right back
