Donald Trump has a brilliant idea for
school shootings let's give weapons to
the teachers so we could have shootouts
at the OK Corral at all these schools
look it gets worse but let me show you
the beginning of this genius idea by
Donald Trump watch there would be
teachers and coaches if the coach had a
firearm in his locker when he ran at
this guy coach was very brave saved a
lot of lives I suspect but if he had a
firearm he wouldn't had a run it would
have shot and that would have been the
end of it it's called concealed carry
where a teacher would have a concealed
gun on them they go for special training
and they would be there and you would no
longer have a gun-free zone you'd have a
lot of people that be armed they'd be
ready they're professionals they may be
Marines that left the Marines left the
army left the Air Force if only there
were armed guards protecting the school
then this whole thing would have been
resolved except that a news story just
broke that there actually was an armed
officer at the school and he did not go
in he is now resigned so hey that
magical solution apparently not that
magical but Donald Trump is gonna
continue with this absurdity General
John Kelly
so he's a four-star marine he's a tough
cookie if he was a teacher man I
wouldn't mind having him have a gun
because I guarantee can use it better
than anybody there's no security guards
you got a hire that's gonna handle the
gun better than him so if he's a teacher
and have other friends of his from the
brain of their teaching or other people
like that I want them to have a gun
general Kelly is the history teacher and
he's teaching about how we win wars okay
and he's got a concealed weapon but
they're gonna know he's got a kitchen
because we tell them that the bullets
are gonna be flying in the other
direction you're not gonna have these
attacks if you do that so as I just told
you there actually was an armed guard
there and it happened anyway because it
turns out crazy people with gun
don't care about that most of them as
John pointed out yesterday on the show
either get caught or get killed on the
scene anyway no none of these kids have
ever or any of these shooters have ever
gotten away with it so it's a
preposterous point to begin with number
two you really want bullets going both
ways so oh great shoot as it's a school
wonderful idea number three you know why
general Kelly would be good at shooting
back because he's in general because he
was in the Marines and but most teachers
are not generals and did not spend their
entire lives in the military in fact a
teacher who voted for Trump made a
similar point that I'm going to show you
in a little bit but let me first go to
more of Donald Trump's tweets on this
insane idea first Bloomberg News
initially reported that Trump floated
the idea of giving teachers a little bit
of a bonus for carrying guns with them
during a meeting with school safety
officials so that happened earlier today
so hey let's train some teachers to
shoot and we'll give him a bonus what
bonus every time they shoot one of their
students who had a gun or they thought
had a gun how's the bonus gonna work oh
okay so let's go now to the absurd
tweets Trump says I never said give
teachers guns like was stated on fake
news CNN and NBC what I said was to look
at the possibility of giving concealed
guns to gun adept teachers with military
or special training experience only the
best 20 percent of teachers a lot would
now be able to immediately fire back but
before we go to the rest of the thing
did you see that I want to highlight it
for you in case it wasn't clear enough
although it's super clear that's weak
but let's go to the highlighted version
I never said give teachers guns one
sentence later he's in favor of giving
guns to teachers somebody tackle him
before yes to Twitter for God's sake man
now III saw the rest of the tweet yes to
20 percent of teachers which he then
says is a lot so let me finish the
sentence
so a lot would now be able to
immediately fire back if a savage sicko
came to a school with bad intentions
highly trained teachers would also serve
as and it turn to the cowards that do
this far more assets that much less cost
than guards a quote gun-free schools of
magnet for bad people attacks would end
well apparently they wouldn't because
again an armed guard there and and it
the school got attacked anyway but his
idea is like I didn't say give every
single teacher a gun I just said the
really good ones the ones that are good
at shooting and such so they could shoot
back and forth back and forth in other
words you said give guns to teachers but
he's not done proving his own point of
lie he continues to go
he says history shows that a school
shooting lasts on average three minutes
takes police and first responders
approximately five to eight minutes to
get to the site of the crime
highly-trained gun adept teachers
coaches would solve the problem
instantly before police arrived great
deterrent and he says if potential sicko
shooter knows that a school has a large
number of very weapons talented teachers
of great weapons talented teachers and
others who will be instantly shooting
this sicko will never attack that school
cowards won't go there problems solved
must be offensive defense alone won't
work what a simple-minded fool oh yeah
I've got a great idea
discard you these weapons talented
teachers we just give them all weapons
and to look out for whoever comes in
you're bang bang bang you shoot them
bullets goes both ways we're playing
offense you don't want to play office
with the weapons inside of school all
right no empathy what server all right
now let's go to that teacher who voted
for Trump yeah her name is Ashley Kurth
and she asked this during a town hall
senator Rubio I'm a registered
Republican I voted for mr. Trump I still
you know support the Second Amendment
however with that being said and with
all these talks of gun control laws and
everything that you guys have been up
there staying to us
what you're gonna do about it a lot of
the flack that I've been getting back
from my friends and from a lot of other
people that are around the world is the
answer to the gun problem is to arm
teachers and when I had those hundreds
of terrified children that were running
at me my question to that is am I
supposed to get extra training now to
serve and protect
on top of educate these children on how
to be these eloquent speakers that are
coming up and presenting issues to you I
mean I mean am I supposed to have a
Kevlar vest am I supposed to strap it to
my leg or put it in my desk how am I
supposed to go that way well first I
don't support that
okay so think about that what a great
question she's like so I have to train
to be a teacher and now you're telling
me on top of that I have to train to
know how to use a gun and get vest and
and the Republicans will not ban ar-15
assault weapons so those are weapons of
war so now they're telling teachers it's
okay just turn the school into a war
zone and you know suit up and have guns
all over you in case somebody else with
guns comes in all right but one of the
students here Sam's Eve who talked to
president Trump yesterday made the best
point of all watch this Sam what did you
think about the president's idea of
arming teachers madness like just
absolute madness teachers go through
emotions every single day just like
students do just like mentally ill
people do just like everyone and
teachers are faced with the
responsibility every single day of
molding young lives and mentoring them
and being there for them why should they
be faced with the responsibility of
knowing whether or not they're gonna
have to kill them that day you know I
gotta be honest I hadn't thought of it
that way until he said it we'd be
training the teachers to kill their
students so the shooter in parkland
Florida was a former student and at the
school shootings it is usually either
current or former students who come in
so you wouldn't be killing the innocent
students obviously but you would be
teaching the true teaching the teachers
how to shoot guns and spot the wrong
student if you think one of your
students is going to do harm to the
others be ready to kill them are you
insane
look at what they've done to our country
we are no longer trying to prevent
massacres of schools we're trying to
teach the teachers which students to
execute if the school turns into a war
zone this is the state of madness in
America if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
