so this is to think about John see
John's eyes went up because he was
worried about what I'm about to say but
I think about John is also he's from
what part of Connecticut now Bridgeport
Connecticut how far is that from Newton
from Newtown nobody knows John makes up
20 minutes
John is obsessed with size I think it
might be 19 I don't yeah I don't want to
lie
what if you're driving into the wind are
the roads slick do I change on my tires
is it construction season Johnny tide
wait Jake I have a new worst moment at
the company so I am gonna share one of
the worst moments at TYT all right okay
so this is not the worst story it's just
for me personally one of the worst
moments right here Anna J it was when we
hired John no I'm just kidding by the
way let me rewrite hired John John is
here because of me not a big deal but
anyway
you know why it's so much fun to bust
anjaan cuz he doesn't like it we cover
and return to more than I think anyone
else the topic of climate change and we
are we are not many things and we admit
that freely and we are mostly not
scientists so we get it wrong sometimes
we're gonna be freely a free to admit
that speak for yourself
it's an incredibly important story it's
obviously the obvious even though it's
not obvious because they talk about it
on ABC in a given week for 30 seconds
maybe but it's the most important topic
because it's literally about the future
of our civilization and people act as if
it's like reviewing and painting from
1902 it's like okay I guess we got to do
that a little bit when we should we
should be invigorated and feel like it
is not just our obligation but it is our
privilege to be able to see 10 years in
the future a hundred years in the future
and to not repeat the pattern of
humanity going down horrible paths and
having no idea that we're traveling down
them we know now what is happening we
know what's going to happen and we know
exactly what we need to do to stop it
and so in the media we have the ability
to shed a little bit of light on that
and although there's always a lot of
stuff to cover and each person here has
certain topics that we want to get to
and so we fight it out in our production
meetings we we make sure that we return
to it regularly and that is one of the
things I'm most proud of working at TYT
that's part of why I wanted to do this
party before it's too late John because
John scared the out of me we did a
story the other day about the sea levels
rising
and the next 80 years ago rise anywhere
between two to eight feet so enjoy Miami
while you can no joke and then after
that we did a story about how when the
permafrost has gone first of all we know
the methane is gonna get released but it
turns out there's more mercury in the
permafrost than all the mercury that
exists in the world currently times two
and then they said and it might get in
the water it's in the permafrost when it
melts yeah I got news for you it's gonna
get in the water so it is look week we
have fun we also talked about serious
stuff and it is maddening that we have
these scientists they work around the
clock I mean they're so meticulous and
then these insane people say no all
those people who spent all their lives
through all this math that we couldn't
possibly understand are actually part of
a Chinese hoax that that that people
that monumentally stupid are in charge
and so right now they are marching us
backwards and and the scientists aren't
part of a hoax they're not lying they
did the math right overall not
politically but by their nature as
scientists they are conservative it is
likely to be worse than they imagined
and once the methane is released and now
apparently the mercury you cannot put it
back in so that is why it is imperative
that all of us fight together and win so
it does come true back and just really
fast
we obviously talked about a lot of
things that we're interested in or that
are important but at the end of the day
if all we're doing is talking about
something and nothing actually happens
obviously that's that's nothing which is
why we we celebrate things like Wolf
Wolf Pack just as Democrats groups like
that where we talk about things but then
people go out and actually do things and
in climate change we're not just talking
about it TYT literally sent a crew an
awesome extremely talented crew and
myself to the Arctic last year and we
got to spend we got to spend time with
those scientists who've been bought off
by the Chinese and and we're gonna we're
gonna have a documentary coming out in
just a couple of months what was it was
it cold when you went up there it was it
was kind of cold did you got in here and
you're still talking about
climate change
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks home of the revolution if you'd
like to get a lot more than that get the
full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
