Amazon applied two years ago for a
patent on these wrist bands that would
help with the productivity of some of
their warehouse employees now they have
won this patent it has been approved but
it's unclear whether or not they plan on
implementing these wristbands for their
employees the whole point is according
to them not to track their employees but
to help them out if let's say for
instance they put the wrong product in
the wrong bin or make some sort of
mistake it would give them a gentle
vibration so they can correct the error
before it's too late
that's what they're claiming and again
it's unclear whether or not they're
actually going to use this patent this
patent technology but it seems as though
they would want to if they applied two
years ago and they waited it out to see
if they could get it yeah so I have I
had mixed feelings on this one thought I
got to one part so look they want to
improve efficiency so you get your boxes
quicker first of all it's already kind
of amazing how quickly we get the boxes
to be honest but that's partly because
they did efficiencies and etc and and
they were very vigilant about it it
include improved communicating with
equipment in the warehouse well that
sounds really good that that makes sense
I'm in favor of of you know generally
improving the workplace yeah yeah
zapping workers when they're doing the
wrong thing about I'm out that's crazy I
don't care that you're calling it a
gentle vibration because you start with
a gentle vibration later becomes less
gentle no I'm not putting things on
human beings that zaps them when they do
the quote/unquote wrong things look I'm
sure that it wasn't like some sort of
evil scientists at Amazon who's like
whoo ha ha ha right it's just not the
it's not the right direction to go they
got to rethink it I don't know that they
I don't think they've implemented it yet
but they apply for the past the patents
got accepted so they could implement it
they should rethink it because I don't
care if you call it a zapper a vibration
or a shock don't do that
that's a really bad idea right and
another concern is that you know it uses
radio frequency and
Oh sonic tracking technology and so some
privacy advocates are concerned that it
could be used to possibly discriminate
against certain groups of people who
might take a little longer to do certain
tasks so for instance if you're a
disabled employee who might need to take
a little more time to do certain things
would they use this data against you is
there data that they were collecting and
then another concern is let's say you
are a woman who's working in the
warehouse and you take a bathroom break
that's a little longer because sometimes
women have things that they have to deal
with that men don't have to deal with
don't make me get specific are you going
to be punished in some way as a result
of those longer bathroom breaks those
are some of the concerns that are being
voiced right now strike two
I got no interest in tracking anybody's
bathroom breaks I mean saying that an
employer gets to figure out how long
you're in the bathroom no no no no no
get out of my life get out of my life
it's just bounds the reason that is way
beyond the bounds of reason B and by the
way
beware of employers bearing gifts
because sometimes they give people
fitbit's and it says like oh that's cool
I got a Fitbit know it's tracking you
know but they're they're honest with
their employees about why they're
getting the Fitbit so some companies
want to save money with health care
costs and so in order to encourage their
employees to stay healthy they'll give
them fitbit's and you know all that so
as long as they're upfront but I get
what you're saying I mean they're it's
it gives a little too much power to the
employee employer and I don't need them
knowing all this data about me including
how little I like to work out yeah no no
but they're gonna use it against you
so look the people who start the program
might start it with the best of
intentions but it doesn't matter if
you're a public corporation you must
maximize profit so if you're not working
out all the time or whatever is that a
lot of time that some person thinks you
should work out they're gonna note that
and then it's gonna affect their
insurance rates so if it affects their
insurance rates they're gonna take it
out of you so they're gonna start using
all that information because they have
because they got to squeeze every single
penny out of you
so they will they will squeeze and they
will use that information to squeeze and
they can sell it to other people
no nice we are we are and by the way so
it expert in the field says everybody
wants those Amazon jobs if you don't
want to wear the wristband someone else
will oh it's like the beginning of a bad
science fiction movie or maybe a good
science fiction movie but with a bad
results so look I don't know that
there's any way we can get in front of
this or stop it but it's our job to
speak out so I think it's a terrible
idea
it might not start out in a bad way but
it'll end in a bad way and and look one
company even thought about putting chips
inside it the employees hands and
they're like no it's for good reasons
like it'll make it easier at the copy
machine or at the snack machine
I can still press a button that says
print I don't need a chip in my hand to
do that and by the way when you go to
buy the the Coke or the Doritos or
whatever and like uh noted he likes to
eat junk food increases insurance rates
no I don't like the government in my
life that much and I don't like the
employers in my life that much what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
