one Texas school district has threatened
to suspend students for three days if
they decide to walk out of class in
order to participate in some of the
student protests that are taking place
throughout the country
now these protests are a direct response
to the shooting that took place in
parkland Florida and some
superintendents are not having it so
need vil ISD superintendent Curtis
Rhodes sent a letter out to all parents
in the school district warning them that
any protest from their children would
result in a three-day suspension from
school the letter said please be advised
that the need Ville ISD will not allow a
student demonstration during school
hours for any type of protest or
awareness a school is a place to learn
and grow educationally emotionally and
morally a disruption of the school will
not be tolerated
look see that's the difference between a
conservative and Parisa I don't know
that guy's politics obviously I don't
know him from Adam but a conservative
thinks breaking of any kind of rules is
by definition immoral I don't care what
the rule is so this look there's five
different main traits of a conservative
man and a liberal and you could read
into it I don't want to go back into
that giant issue but one of the traits
that can serve us find moral that the
Liberals are don't have on their list at
all is following establish the rules and
traditions again it doesn't matter if
the rules and traditions are correct you
just they just want you to follow them
they find that to be the moral thing to
do so that is why a superintendent like
that says if you are going to protest a
horrible injustice it is immoral because
you're violating school rules right well
I mean look I would argue that it is
also immoral to tell students that they
can't passionately practice political
speech in regard to something that could
actually affect them like a school
shooting and I agree a school is a place
to learn and grow educationally but it's
hard to learn and grow educationally in
an environment where you're concerned
about mass shootings or where it there
is some likelihood that a mass shooting
could actually affect your campus look
it's on great school campuses there
are more limitations when it comes to
the First Amendment and administrators
superintendents they have a little more
leeway in limiting that speech in order
to provide a safe environment where
people can comfortably learn so I
understand that but my mind goes back to
a quote that you hear time and time
again when it comes to Second Amendment
advocates that the Second Amendment
protects the first and in this case the
Second Amendment is not protecting the
first actually far from it if anyone has
the audacity to ask for common-sense
limitations to our Second Amendment
rights well you're not allowed to
practice that kind of speech and look I
get it that a principals job is to
enforce order in a school at the same
time is it a wonderful that your
students care enough today they want to
participate in our democracy and they're
patriotic enough to care about what
their government does and and keeping
themselves safe and they're proactive
that kind of passion in students should
be wildly encouraged not discouraged
can you imagine also for a second if
this story flipped a little and we
talked about students who wanted to
protest gun legislation that actually
you know leads to more gun control right
so these students don't like gun control
they don't want more gun control and in
Los Angeles California the LAUSD
superintendent says if you students have
the audacity to walk out of class to
protest this gun legislation you will
get a three day suspension
how would conservative media handle
their heads would explode exactly so
okay but let's end on a fun note the
kids if they do do this are gonna get a
3-day out-of-school suspension take it
no buts okay I think on principle yes
take it because practicing your First
Amendment rights is important and
talking about something and protesting
something that you're passionate about
is important but it does have
ramifications like if you have a
suspension on your record you want to go
to a good college
it's owners yes it's gonna hurt your
chances it is look I don't know man I
think that's the biggest lie in infants
in high school history in American
history they all say it's going on your
permanent
good okay so I got you're gonna be
shocked to find out I got suspended in
school for not listening to the teachers
I know huge shock and it wouldn't on
guess on my permanent record I once
asked someone who does acceptances for
colleges I'm like do you ever look at
suspensions is that a thing that's gonna
permanently like nope I know Jane thank
you went to college a while ago like
things have become a lot more
competitive it's possible but it's
usually done to scare the hell out of
you and then so I remember when I get
suspended I'm like waiting for it I'm
like in school or out of school in
school or out of school out of school
supposed to be worse they're like you
what you've done is so bad you are going
to get and out of school special alert
yes in-school suspension you sit there
miserable the whole day I don't know
what those poor kids are doing so I'm
like look I gotta take it up a notch so
I make sure I can stay at home and have
fun so go exercise your First Amendment
rights I love that you want to get
involved and then take a nice three-day
vacation if this guy continues to view
and insist on being wrong you just watch
the video by the young turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
