when you become a TI team member not
only do you get exclusive content you
become a part of our family
click the link in the description box
below to join the home of progressives a
poll by ABC and Washington Post found
that only 3% of black voters approve of
Donald Trump's presidential performance
and when you look at the overall
approval rating Trump is at 36% now
these are poll numbers from individuals
who were surveyed in a late August and
turns out 93% of black Americans said
that they disapprove of the job that
Trump is doing and these are very
relevant poll numbers especially
considering the messaging that we're
getting from the Trump administration
and the right-wing they would have you
believe that black voters are actually
doing this mass dem exit that they are
realizing that Democrats are not looking
out for them and it's really Trump and
the Republican Party that have their
best interests in mind in fact Candace
Owens will regurgitate that nonsense
over and over again she's part of
Turning Point USA which is funded by
major Republican mega donors in fact if
you see charlie Kirk head of that
organization make sure that you repeat
that to him and then watch him melt down
now with that said no but can I just say
about that cuz we just have political
obviously trained Kirk debated both
Assam pygar and Sam cedar both from the
TYT Network and and had a meltdown and
said all that but but they really get
their believers to to think it's true I
heard over and over again not just from
the speakers but from like manga guys
walking around in Politico oh yeah bad
black people are turning mad they're
totally on our side now three percent
three percent and and one of the
speakers said oh that a number of
African American supporting Donald Trump
has doubled what from one and a half
percent to 3 percent okay and just
because you believe it doesn't make it
true
African Americans don't believe it
that's only three percent of them
support Trump so you could wish upon a
star a really racist star but it's not
gonna make it true now we
want to provide some evidence for how
Trump supporters have totally bought
into this idea into this notion that
there's a massive exit among the black
demographic and that is not the case as
we've already laid out for you Emma
wanted to ask some of these Trump voters
at a rally in Arizona and the first
video that we're gonna show you actually
enraged me and when you see it you'll
know why but without further ado take a
look right now the latest poll shows
that Trump's approval rating among
African Americans is that 3% why do you
think that is fake news fake news the
polling sure III mean there's a lot of
people here I've seen African American
people that's anecdotal evidence that's
not the talent thing that's real I mean
they can say what they want they also
said Trump wouldn't win the election and
he did but that polling was wrong around
the margins it was so correct on the
national level really okay all right why
is it non facts did you say 3% 3% you
want to talk to you you're you're a joke
you're a serious Joe amused by it
nope because Emma does I have so much
respect and admiration for Emma she does
a great job at these rallies and she
does something that I would not be able
to do which is remain calm in an
incredibly toxic environment with people
saying all sorts of hideous things and
so she wasn't confrontational she always
remains calm she never even raises her
voice she just asks questions calmly and
then she does even childlike and she
shouldn't like I like the way that she
handles these things because I think
that it it allows these people to really
share their real opinions without
feeling intimidated or anything like
that and he goes after her and calls her
a joke no you're the joke why is she the
joke you're the person who doesn't want
to actually believe the evidence and the
polling that we have like and I look I
don't immediately go to oh the guy
treated her
this because she's a woman but in this
case I felt like it was very obvious
that he thought she was a joke because
she's a woman who's who doesn't who's
giving him the facts and he doesn't like
the facts why is she a joke what other
reasons no because you're Trump voters
and they think that facts are a joke and
and to be fair to trump voters they also
despise male reporters I mean they want
to beat up Jim Acosta they do the
cutthroat sign on him etc so look toxic
is correct uh there was something about
him that just made me I don't know I
could be wrong I could be totally wrong
about it but to call her a joke I don't
know that's just it went too far for me
I love the three percent that's like
margin of error that's a stunning figure
yeah that's a great point kid I hadn't
thought of it that way because it's is
it's within the margin of error it might
be 0% right that's literally just
diamond itself Jesse Lee Peterson let's
be fair so but uh but hey listen if you
want to believe in fantasies great you
know what you got this thing guys red
wave you got a brother you know and a
whole bunch of Africa matters are cut
you're gonna show up on in two weeks and
vote for Trump so you don't even have to
bother voting yeah the red waves
inevitable the polling is all wrong in
the media is all wrong it's a joke stay
home see how that turns out
we have one more clip but before we get
to it I just want to remind all of you
that we're just showing you clips you
should watch the full video by going to
rebel HQ on YouTube will also include a
link in the description box below if
you're watching this on YouTube it's all
over clips all of our videos are
excellent I just want to say
facebook.com slash rebel HQ also live
streams almost all the progressive
events all the ones we can get to and
and that's a lot of them so if there's a
progressive event happening facebook.com
slash rebel hua and all the clips are
there as well as youtube.com slash rebel
HQ or you can get them on them get them
on our app and our app has all of our
shows so T y-t-dot-com slash app to get
that now let's watch the next clip the
Clinton news network that's why I think
that is
I highly doubt it's at 3% that just
doesn't even sound right it's like I
could tell you more than 3% just here in
Arizona 3% I'm looking at Fox all the
time it's like 35% that's close to the
national average so that's there's no
way that's true
III think yeah yeah I think that's a lot
better than we think and there's a lot
of hidden folks that don't want to come
out and they're stereotyped in the
African community African American
community not to support Trump on
purpose they're making them so where
they don't understand if the Dinesh
D'Souza movie about the fact that the
Democrats are the ones that started
slavery and continued that nothing to do
with the Republicans but they were able
to push it off toward the Republicans so
that's part of the issue it's just they
don't like Trump they're taught not to
like Trump they're taught not to like
Republicans but for no reasons yeah come
on you're the one who's uninformed okay
if you just watched Fox News and watch
the you know low-budget films that
Dinesh D'Souza produces you'd know the
truth yeah Republican Party didn't run
the southern strategy to try to get
white votes in the south by
discriminating against african-american
I heard from Dinesh D'Souza
what do you begin the sentence that way
you know you're already lost anyway so a
my favorite line out of that was know I
saw on Fox News it's 35% he doesn't mean
look you saw the same video I did maybe
I'm misinterpreting you but my sense of
it was that he doesn't mean that he saw
pole on Fox News that showed that it was
35% of African Americans that supported
Trump I think he means 35% of African
Americans a Fox News support Trump to
make it seem like oh yeah no African
Americans to City Trump is very popular
you should support him and oh my god
have you seen Kanye these videos you
just see the breakdown of consensus
reality in real time there's no facts
there's no I mean it's like the caravan
thing it doesn't matter that you know
there weren't Middle Easterners that
they're not terror attack I wonder if
the truth doesn't even really matter
because I've seen polling that suggests
that even significant numbers of his
supporters don't believe that he's
credible that that he's honest there's
good reporting on this really yeah I
wonder if it's more his pitches to the
heart not to the mind and I wonder if
that's if that
it has something to do with this
disagreement over just basic facts man
it's so sad that days appeal is to the
heart and like a heart of darkness or
they're like yes you're right it's not
true
but I don't like Latinos coming into the
country it's not like pulling at the
strings of their hearts like if we could
be so kind to other look what what this
all proves to me and of course I already
knew this but it just like makes me
confront it again is like we're so
flawed as humans and I say we because
everyone is guilty of this we want to
believe things we want to believe and I
think being aware of that makes you
better at getting to the heart of the
truth on various issues just being aware
that we just have this natural bias to
want to believe certain things that make
us comfortable right like I want to
believe that the majority of Trump
voters are actually good people and that
they're not racist or all those other
you know negative things but some of
them are bad people and you have to
accept it and it's like it's a harsh
reality to accept well in a clip we
showed you earlier in this show from the
same Trump rally um I talked to someone
what do you think should happen the
guy's the border and the guy said we
should shoot him I mean so if that's an
appeal to a heart that's a really dark
heart and so that's that's why we go to
talk them and by the way look it's not
all bad and and this is also borne out
in the polling and we saw this and you
guys got to see it here on The Young
Turks before you saw it in the polling
half the people at the rallies go no
Muller should be allowed to continue his
investigation yeah and then you see the
polling in the in in real life and you
go it's amazing they support Trump on
everything but on the Muller
investigation even as significant
majority of Republicans go no no moto
should do their investigation and Trump
should definitely not stop it and we saw
that in the rallies too so we're not
giving you some biased look at it we
talked to folks and and we've done many
videos where they also say some positive
things unfortunately they largely say
very negative
and things that aren't true and finally
the point that Emma was making there off
the cuff is exactly right that same poll
that showed that African Americans
support Donald Trump at 3% have the
overall population at 36% dating African
Americans at 30 grams no no when you go
to all whites all Republicans all
everyone males all the things the white
evangelical voters I mean I say all
those categories because those are one
that lean towards Trump he's the only at
a 36 percent approval rating for the
whole country that is disastrous
but don't worry Republicans all that is
fake Stace
stay at home stay on your couch and
let's see how it turns out in a couple
of weeks on the go don't worry we got
you covered you can still listen to t
whitey at our new podcast network find
us on Apple podcast at Google Play Store
or at TYT comm / podcast
