so Alison Hardison is running for office
she's running to be the next senator
from the state of California she's a
progressive in the race so she is for
medicare-for-all she's for higher wages
for everyone and yes there is a way you
could make that happen
they find all the money in the world for
defense contractors subsidies for oil
companies for wars that Dianne Feinstein
votes for and then her husband gets
hundreds of millions of dollars in
contracts from the Iraq war that she
voted for but somehow they can't find
money for higher wages for you guys or
for a college education for your kids
well Alison Hartson wants to change all
that so now the reason I'm telling you
about this right now is because I love
people-powered campaigns so that's
exactly what else is god and then all of
a sudden someone who doesn't work for
her was not even a volunteer sensor her
video that I'm about to show you his
name is Jason Cabral he's at
progressives eight we'll have the links
to Jason's work down below in the
description box on youtube comment
section on Facebook but he made a video
for Alison and it's excellent I show you
this because one it's really good and
two because I want you to realize you
can do this too
there's so many different ways that we
can all fight together you can do
donations to Alison we'll put that in
the link below to you could volunteer
for Alison or candidate in your neck of
the woods who's uncorrupted doesn't take
corporate PAC money is a true
progressive will fight for you guys a
politician that we don't have to
convince to be a progressive wouldn't
that be wonderful they were actually
just progressive but you could also be
involved in so many other ways like
Jason did here so get a load of the
video that he did somehow magically I
don't know how he got the footage I
don't know how he put it together with
his speech but a video that he did for
Alison that you all should spread around
as well watch I worked for a dental
management corporation it was a growing
corporation amazing people that work
that I
and they offered me to take over their
insurance department to run it they
would have been making a real pretty
penny like a lot of money and I took the
weekend to think about it and I came
back and I gave them my two months
notice and I decided I was going to
instead focus on finishing college I
have eight brothers and sisters a very
large family and I've been the only
person in my family who has been able to
have the opportunity to graduate college
and I did that with the fierce
determination to become a teacher
it was difficult and it was a sacrifice
and it was a pay cut but at the end of
the day I have always asked myself what
are my values where did they come from
are they mine and am I really living by
them and that was what helped me make
that decision to become a teacher and it
was what helped me that me make the
decision to leave teaching that what
really was my life and is my heart to
fight to get big money out of politics
because I saw while I was teaching that
how money in our political system is
affecting not just schools as this like
objective word but human beings my
students who I cared so much about and
their families their first second third
generation immigrants from Mexico
primarily at the school I taught at and
in Vietnam and I saw some of my students
they're like my kids I saw some of those
families being ripped apart by by
immigration policies
and just one thing after another I
couldn't take it anymore
and so I had to leave that to get this
done sooner so that we can help more
people around the country and in the
state and that's what I decided to get
involved in the movement and it was
through that that I found Wolfpack
through doing a Google search online
Wolfpack is a political organization
that is solely working on the issue of
money in politics and specifically to
get that 28th amendment to the US
Constitution and I know I read the plan
I read wills tax plan online and it was
not only the most logical plan but it
was the most aggressive one and I
understand and I know that the people of
this country in the state of California
in particular understands that this
issue of our democracy being corroded by
the wealthy elite who are incapable of
understanding us it's not necessarily
about people but just incapable of
understanding the issues that we deal
with is is systemic and it's urgent
it is fiercely urgent we've got to do
everything we can right now and that's
why I made the difficult decision to
leave teaching to do this full-time we
have to do that and
we also have to make sure that we have
Medicare for all throughout the country
that we have a $15 minimum wage that is
tied to inflation every human being
deserves to make a living wage and we
need to make sure that students who earn
their way into college can afford it we
need free tuition for college
we need to deprive Atty our public
education system we need to do privatize
our private prisons and our detention
centers and the list goes on they all
feed on one another and so we need
people in Congress who are gonna
understand that all of these issues have
to be happy moving forward at the same
time dianne feinstein not a democratic
because you have a d' after your name
doesn't mean you're a democrat and i
think that people are waking up to that
reality and so she is a corporatist
some people think that she's a
Republican or and she's proven this time
and again with her votes no she voted
for the Bush tax cuts the Bush tax cuts
let gave us one and a half trillion
dollars of debt and she's not gonna pay
for that we're gonna pay for that our
kids are gonna pay for that that's what
she voted for she voted for the Iraq war
the Iraq war cost seven trillion dollars
so she voted for us to spend seven
million dollars to fill hundreds of
thousands of civilians for an ill what I
consider to be an alien
voted for a war where you don't have
hard evidence that justifies us going
into that war as far as I'm concerned is
treason she does not deserve to be
sitting in office I can't believe this
she's still sitting in office after the
votes that she that's cast she supported
the TPP she's against glass-steagall she
supports the death penalty is for the
war on drugs in 2010 she led a campaign
against legalizing marijuana she is
against Medicare for all
Dianne Feinstein is worth an estimated
80 million dollars
she's taking millions of dollars from
Big Pharma she's taken millions of
dollars from corporations she's taken
millions of dollars from from defense
contractors and these influenced her
decision and it's no surprise right and
so as long as we get out there and we
vote and and help me to get the word out
and let's do this together this this
isn't about me this is about us all of
us have got to come together and show up
every single day to make up for the
money that she's gonna raise and that's
what we're gonna do
Allisyn Harsin calm we'll have all the
links to help Alison down below get in
get in the fight volunteer donate do
whatever you can I love people powered
campaigns the state of California is one
of the most progressive states in the in
the country there's no reason why we
should have one of the most conservative
Democrats there is an office you know
she also voted to repeal the estate tax
earlier Dianne Feinstein is a Republican
in Democrats clothing every single thing
for the big donors she delivers you know
that a little segment you saw there on
Medicare for all they asked her about it
at a town hall she said no I'm not ready
for it at this stage she's 84 years old
who are you kidding what stage are you
gonna be ready for it a week later she
went and took donations from the
healthcare industry she did a fundraiser
with her big donors you got to get her
out put a real progressive in someone
you don't have to convince to be a
progressive so go support Alison Hartson
but also all the credit in the world -
Jason Cabral for making that video it's
powerful and it's and it's better than
videos that people spend a ton of money
on we'll put all the links for Jason
down below as well and check them out at
facebook.com slash progressives unite
together and he's helping to make that
happen get in the fight let's go win
these races when we win and we take out
the old guard and bringing new strong
progressives it's gonna be a great day
in America be part of that
