now this is a deeply disturbing story
it's about Donald Trump's approval
ratings being high among Republicans now
if you don't like the show and I don't
know why you wouldn't and you're a big
fan of Donald Trump maybe those two
things might be connected you're gonna
say like the story I serve I know he's
father among Republicans and I am
disheartened by the two different
planets that we live on so let me share
that info with you gals most recent
weekly survey conducted from February
5th to 11th showed president Trump's job
approval rating among self-identified
Republicans at 86% all the lies all the
bumbling all the hypocrisy the affairs
with Playboy models that evangelicals
claim to care about 81% of them voted
for Donald Trump they're like multiple
affairs with Playboy models I find and I
can't get into the honey literally
hundreds of lies of these sold it misses
them completely they don't care they
don't care they don't care they don't
care now the Democrats on the other side
gave Donald Trump a whopping 7 percent
approval rating so one side of the
country things Donald Trump is killing
it 86% the other side 7% we just don't
live on the same planet anymore and by
the way it's partly because we're not
getting the same information anymore so
a lot of the Trump voters
well they watch us you just look at the
comment section but other than us it
won't watch a lot of other things that
give them actual information so you
think they're reading New York Times
stories you think they have intellectual
curiosity and they're like I wonder what
the National Review wrote about this
scent is almost never uttered by a
Donald Trump voter so no they don't care
they're getting the news from Fox News
and from online sites almost every
right-wing online site is filled with
Lou to see remotely attached to the
facts that's where they get their
information so to them they're like I
don't know everything I read online says
Donald Trump is a god
men and that he might rivals Zeus for
how well he throws lightning bolts okay
that was who says okay his hammer is
larger than Thor's hammer even though he
has tiny hands no in fact gateway Putney
told me is giant hands okay and whereas
Democrats are you know of course they
also get news from some folks who lean
to the left but they also get news from
regular news outlets and things that are
true okay but it's actually a little bit
worse than you think
let me show you two multiples
SurveyMonkey polling and from the first
week of february shows a similar pattern
eighty-nine percent of Republicans said
they approve of Trump's ailing of his
job as president eighty-nine percent I'm
gonna come back to that point in one
second and they share Republicans who
strongly approve in the mid-50s for much
of last year is up to 61 percent of
Republicans that is normally a mid to
low number cuz it might be one thing to
say about a politician's yeah I kind of
like it meas count on my side it's
another thing to say no no this is my
that's my guy
I strongly like it 61% of Republicans
saying they strongly like Donald Trump
so one side that is this concerning to
me is that we're not getting our
information from the same people and the
same sources so there's just two
different fact patterns leading to two
different conclusions for two different
parts of this country and I don't know
how we're gonna put them back together
the second part that is important here
is I'd like to break a myth that the
mainstream media puts out there so I I'm
not the one to say the mainstream media
is gets it right every time or that they
don't have a bias
I think they haven't established from
bias I think they love the status quo
that doesn't mean they make things up
out of whole cloth but one thing that I
think that they get wrong is oh no
Donald Trump is an aberration he's not
like the other Republicans other
opponents are good people good people
wonderful people I've got a lead and
Cole some of them deplorable no no
Donald Trump is an outlier by the way
Hillary Clinton tried the same strategy
oh no no good
are gonna vote for me good luck with
that sister how'd that turn out and by
the way what I view to be uninformed
Democratic politicians still say oh no
we're gonna get the Republican voters in
the suburbs no you're not no you're not
the overwhelming majority of Republicans
love Donald Trump you're not gonna get
their vote and mainstream media get it
through your head
he's not unlike other Republicans if
when it comes to Republican voters he's
very much like them that's why they
liked him so much so stop making excuses
for the Republican Party now look the
Republicans would tell you you don't
need to make excuses for us we think
he's awesome we think he's fantastic
he's doing a tremendous job and that's
why his ratings among Republicans are
big Lee okay but if if you're one of
those mainstream guys and you think
Trump is unstable which he most
certainly is lies all the time which he
most certainly does these are all
provable and you've seen all the
terrible things that he does well
understand that the Republicans stand
behind him almost completely that for
them all the things that you think are
problems are not the bug they're the
feature so stop making excuses for
Republicans they are Donald Trump what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
