a new poll out asking Americans what
they think is the top problem that is
causing all this gun violence in America
now I have the actual facts but I am
curious to see what Americans think 58%
of the hundred eight hundred and eight
respondents according to slate said
stricter gun laws could have prevented
the shooting but a larger portion 77
percent said better mental health
monitoring and treatment would have
averted it now it's definitely not the
mental health issue I'll explain why in
a second it is the guns but would but I
want to give you one more piece so the
poll here eighty percent of Republicans
who responded blame mental health while
only thirty three percent of Democrats
did the same
so as usual or a split country and your
interpretation of the facts depends on
what side of the fence you're on which
by the way is fine your interpretation
of the facts unfortunately a lot of
times it is simply what facts you choose
to believe is also dependent on which
side of the fence you're on so let's
give me the real facts New York Times
did a story about the studies on gun
violence a little bit earlier so here is
one of the conclusions if Mental Health
made a difference then data would show
that Americans have more mental health
problems than do people in other
countries with fewer mass shootings but
the mental health care spending rate in
the United States the number of mental
health professionals per capita and the
rate of severe mental disorders are all
in line with those of other wealthy
countries so we have the same amount of
mental health problems as anyone else
does but we have a ton more mass
shootings and gun homicides why because
we allow our mentally ill to buy weapons
incredibly easily same percentage of
mentally ill ours are just weaponized
literally so here I'll show you another
graph here I'm gonna show you dozens of
these but here's one that I think is
illustrative and have been showing you
throughout the week this is a chart that
shows you how much guns there are in a
country and then how many mass shootings
there are
the u.s. is almost off the chart on the
upper right corner we have way more guns
than everyone else and we have way more
mass shooters than anyone else all the
other countries are in the lower left
corner not a lot of guns and not a lot
of mass shootings rocket science I know
so you can have an opinion that mental
health is the main thing that's driving
the gun shootings and the mass shootings
in America but it just isn't true we
have the same rates as all the other
developed countries we just have more
guns and a hundred and thirty different
studies have borne out that more guns
equal Morgan homicides okay now but even
if you were to take that as fact could
they have done something about this
particulars in a shooter in parkland
Florida a lot of people reported that he
was creepy and they were bothered and he
did he kept talking about guns and
killing small animals we're really gonna
take away the guns of every creepy
person in the country I vote yes but my
guess is the NRA and a lot of people are
gonna vote no and every Republican in
the country at least the politicians are
gonna vote no killing small animals you
know what his service will call that
hunting okay I mean Mitt Romney bragged
when he was running for president that
he killed small animals rodents vermin
sore whatever he called them so there's
no way we would have taken that guy's
gun away
based on this evidence so what is the
standard for taking a gun away from
someone who was mentally unwell in this
country it is incredibly high here let
me read it for you under federal law a
person can be tallied in a database and
barred from purchasing or possessing a
firearm due to a mental illness under
only two conditions if he is
involuntarily committed to a mental
hospital or if a court or government
body declares him mentally incompetent
there's many other standards we do not
abide by them those are our standards so
the guy who did the shooting in in
partland Florida
he wasn't adjudicated to be mentally
incompetent he wasn't locked up in a
mental hospital against his own wishes
the NRA would have fought tooth
Neal for him to be able to possess guns
and there's no way our side would have
won on that issue so I don't know what
planet they're living on you really if
if that's the new standard for
Republicans let's change these laws so
that people who are adjudicated to be
mentally ill in other ways can have
their guns confiscated I'm all-in
let's do it right away let's do it
tomorrow but they don't agree in fact I
have overwhelming evidence to that
because the law that Donald Trump just
changed so before I get to that though
Donald Trump constantly talking about
our mental health and he did it right
after the Florida shooting to all the
problems mental health mental of so I
assume that means that his priorities
then are to increase funding for mental
health problem in America because he
says that's the main problem and his
voters agree well let's find out if
that's what happened according to NPR
the budget blueprint that Donald Trump
just released also slashes spending for
substance abuse and mental health
administration by six hundred and sixty
five million dollars
additionally bloomberg reported the
National Institute of Mental Health
would see a 30 percent reduction in
funding a half a billion dollar decrease
in 2019 so if you think the problem is
mental health and Republicans in this
poll said yeah it's definitely mental
health well Donald Trump just made it
way worse by absolutely obliterating
their budgets why his rich donors needed
that tax cut they needed to get it from
somewhere and and I'm not the one saying
mental health causes all the shootings
you are so according to your own
standards if you're a trump supporter
Donald Trump just made school shootings
and mass shootings in America way worse
by slashing mental health funding in
this country okay but I'm not done yet
because he also specifically addressed
an issue of mental health in
relationship to guns let's find out
about that now we go to NPR again and as
NPR Scott Horsley noted nearly a year
ago the President signed a bill making
it easier for people with mental illness
to buy guns you didn't read that wrong
you didn't hear that wrong
made it easier for people with mental
illness to buy guns
the new measure rolled back in Obama era
rule that would have required the Social
Security Administration to send records
of some beneficiaries with severe mental
disabilities to the FBI's National
instant criminal background check system
NPR's Susan Davis reported about 75,000
people found mentally incapable of
managing their financial affairs would
have been affected do you understand
that I went through this when he when he
did it this was one of the first things
he did as president so if Social
Security Administration says you are so
mentally incompetent that I cannot give
you your Social Security check because
you don't know what to do with it you
have you don't have the mental capacity
to figure out what to do with it to put
it in a bank to spent you just can't
handle it
I need to assign someone else to handle
your finances the NRA pushed for and
Donald Trump signed into law a bill that
says those people should be allowed to
buy guns and keep the guns they have
they don't know what to do with money
they can't possibly manage a single
dollar that is actually theirs but let's
give them weaponry let's allow them to
buy ar-15
so if you think mental health is the
problem these are absolute facts Donald
Trump cut mental health funding and said
that mentally ill people should be
allowed to buy guns easier so by any and
all standards Donald Trump has made the
situation far far worse you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
