so Republicans are of course going to
attack the kids who were shot in
Parkville Florida we were speculating at
the young turks production meeting when
Donald Trump would start to attack the
kids first of all let's do a countdown
on that tick-tock tick-tock until he
himself goes after the kids in a tweet
but a Donald Trump went after them
Donald Trump jr. and of course with
crazy conspiracy theories we'll get to
that in a second just a quick quote from
others as well of course Jack Kingston
former Republican Representative saying
that George Soros must put the kids up
to it because these kids are couldn't
possibly organize anything on their own
etc and then you had been Shapiro saying
what pray tell that these students do to
earn their claim to expertise they were
present during a mass shooting and they
have the right point of view according
to the left so we're just gonna dismiss
that they they saw their friends get
shot in for another own eyes they saw 17
murdered bodies in the hallways of their
schools and outside
what expertise do you guys have about
gun control I'd say that's pretty good
expertise that's pretty good experience
with the damage that these weapons can
cause so look that doesn't mean that you
shouldn't quote facts and stats and
we've got plenty of that the more
shootings there the more guns there are
in a country the more mass shootings you
have and it's a verifiable fact shown
over and over again there's a hundred
and thirty studies that show more guns
lead to very unsurprisingly more gun
homicides Wow what shocking revelations
and I'm sure that Shapiro and his like
we'll find one study by a conservative
paid by some sort of gun manufacturer to
say no guns actually spray out rainbows
and unicorns that make people really
happy when they hit them so but yes
these kids have an absolute right to
speak out I would argue no one has a
better right to speak out than the kids
who are there and saw the massacre with
their own eyes so now that Lee
the Donald Trump jr. so as mediate
explains Donald Trump jr. touted a post
on a fringe right-wing conspiracy
website early Tuesday morning that
slammed a high school student and
survivor of the Florida school shooting
even suggesting the teen is an FBI plant
of course he did of what is there non
fringe conspiracy theory spreading right
wing websites I mean I I don't know of
any Breitbart yeah all these pundits I
mean they all have insane conspiracy
theories from pizza gate to everything
else so of course they have these
loathsome theories and of course Donald
Trump jr. was a tweeted out so here's a
tweet that he retweeted and and it
explains there that video outspoken
Trump hating school shooting survivor
his son of FBI agent mainstream media
helps prop up incompetent Bureau so you
know how they know or deduce that he was
the son of an FBI agent he said it he's
not hiding it he said it on interviews
that is that is a retired FBI agent but
I guess since now the new conservative
ideology is that they hate cops they're
like great let's use this as an excuse
to blame the FBI the top law enforcement
officials in the country aha this kid
conveniently at a massacre where he
could have been murdered because his dad
is a retired FBI agent because the FBI
wanted to do what I don't know but I
want to blame the FBI because they were
investigating my daddy and Donald Trump
juniors case that is literal for the
others it's more figurative
so he's not done yet
true pundit calm in that article that
that Donald Trump jr. likes so much says
David hog is a school shooting survivor
in Florida at least that is what the
mainstream media has told us we wouldn't
be surprised by anything involving the
FBI at this point and so what would that
be I don't know can you tell me what
that would be
they put a kid there in harm's way is he
pretending that he his father's in the
FBI well why would he pretend that that
wouldn't that show the conspiracy or no
his fathers actually in the FBI and they
wanted the shooting for what reason and
okay I get that you're blaming the FBI
for not doing more on this story so that
you could have the head of the FBI fired
because he won't fire the Special
Counsel investigating your daddy but
what does that have to do with the kid
being at the school like do you really
think that was a plant of some sort I
don't know why I'm asking these
questions to the lunatics of course they
do here I'll give you the last tweet so
a merit one America News tweets out and
this is enough that's another right-wing
lunatic organization linking to another
right-wing lunatic organization Gateway
pundit who might be the craziest of them
all so they tweet could it be that this
student is running cover for his dad who
works as an FBI agent at the Miami field
office which botched tracking down the
man behind the Valentine's Day Massacre
just wondering just connecting some dots
but first of all he didn't run any cover
he didn't say go out there and be like
oh the FBI's awesome he didn't say the
FBI didn't do anything wrong he didn't
say the cops didn't do anything wrong
he'd say anything about that he just
told people hey my friends got murdered
here can we do a little bit of gun
control so that more kids at schools
don't get murder uh-huh uh what I
literally don't know what you're saying
and just saying connecting some dots
does it actually mean you're connecting
any dots like connecting which that's
the what but like they say that and
unfortunately there's a lot of crazy
people in this country who love
conspiracy theories so all you have to
do is now you don't even have to prove
anything anymore or pretend to prove
anything you just say two facts that are
totally unrelated and then have
everybody fill in the AHA okay so let's
try it here there's a pizza shop and
there are child molesters if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
calm /join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me
EUI tea network.com slash joy
