good news today okay oh thank god
they're gonna ban bum stocks it is a
tiny amount of gun control I it was
largely relevant of course in the Las
Ventas Vegas massacre that happened or
58 people were killed and hundreds
injured it was not relevant in the
parkland Florida shooting that just
happened but I will take it thank God at
least something is on the board here and
he said just a few moments ago this was
earlier today just a couple hours ago so
just a few moments ago I signed a memo
directing the Attorney General to
propose regulations that ban all devices
that turn legal weapons into machine
guns
finally a tiny tiny tiny piece of gun
regulation but like I said credit where
credit is due so it was something that
IRA said they're willing to do because
it's not something they sell a lot of so
this doesn't go to the heart of the
weapons manufacturers sales it's an easy
one to let go but great great great I'll
take it
good news wonderful that's all I have to
say about that all right I let it linger
too long here comes your cynicism all
right I tried I was sitting there yes
nice I'll keep looking at the iPad no I
have to okay so just like with anything
else trust but verify
let's wait now this is the president now
saying it oh I put out there that
there's be regulation let's see what
Jeff Sessions says and does let's wait
and see what Congress says and does in
response I'm not sure if they even have
to be a part of this just putting out I
asked him or I'm signing something to
tell him I officially said do something
so Willie well I mean always gonna
forget and say I'll go that time truck
was totally for gun regulation he cares
about the kids
move on yeah so of course Sharon
skepticism is warranted given the track
record of this administration so for
example Trump said oh yeah I signed the
bill authorizing the Russian sanctions
and then just never enforced them and
then the NRA after Las Vegas said oh
yeah
we'll work with you guys to ban bomb
stocks and then later was like yeah just
kidding nope no we won't we'll continue
to sell bomb stocks but that was on a
list of like what can we give the rest
of the country this so that they'll be
quiet and move on okay this is literally
the smallest thing we can give them
where you turn semi-automatic weapons
into fully automatic weapons with a
piece of equipment we rarely ever sell
and that is only used in massacres
alright let's give them that so I don't
mistake me for overly celebrating but at
the same time look I want to encourage
the right decisions and the right
actions and I don't care who takes them
so if it's Trump taking the right action
no matter how small it is I'll take it
and yes we will follow up and verify ok
if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
