in the state of Washington we had an
interesting situation in regards to
getting money out of politics now
there's a lot of good progressives in in
in in Washington and Wolfpack has been
fighting to get a resolution to get an
amendment of course to end the reign of
big money controlling our politics and
good news is that we passed the House in
Washington all the way two years ago the
bad news was that the Republicans
controlled the Senate in Washington and
so they wouldn't even allow our vote up
for allow our resolution up for a vote
the reason is it would win because
Republicans to vote for our resolution
they do it in a lot of different states
and it goes state-by-state sometimes
Republicans are even more supportive
than Democrats especially lately because
both Republican and Democratic voters
realized as the system is rigged its
rigged on behalf of who on behalf of the
people paying the politicians it's the
most obvious thing in the world that's
why 93% of Americans say that
politicians represent their donors and
not their voters it's a much more true
on the national scale and and then
sometimes it happens in the state so
oftentimes to get passed and that's why
we passed in five states so now that
brings me to a story that should be very
good news so the Republicans held on to
the Washington Senate by only one seat
and then there was a special election
well everybody jumped in it wasn't just
us to be fair and were fair and honest
about that but but Wolfpack also jumped
in and wanted to help out and they did
so they gave money their PAC they're
allowed to do that if you don't want
Wolfpack to give money to somebody in a
race get money out of politics so great
way to stop us agree to to get all the
money out of politics and that would be
wonderful
but if you don't we could come for you
and we'll talk about that in a second
too but we could also help there's
carrots and sticks very practical so in
this case we helped monka Dhingra and
not just it with money but also
canvassing
and and the Democrats earlier had said
oh man if we are in office and we have
the majority you know getting money out
of politics is a really important
priority good news
monka de niro won the democrats now have
the Senate in Washington and guess what
they did nothing all of a sudden no vote
in the Senate there's no vote on the
Republicans now there's no vote under
the Democrats they tell us oh no no wait
another year and then maybe another year
after that and in another year after
that but wait a minute I thought if we
helped and Democrats got into power they
were supposed to take action but yet
Democrats are in power we helped to make
that happen a lot of you guys
volunteered for that and and you worked
on it and of course as with all the
Democrats not all but a lot
unfortunately no action at all so we're
tired of waiting and we're tired of the
Democratic Party with their false
promises over and over and over again
look in another video I gave credit to
the Senate leader there among the
Democrats Sharon Nelson I am now with
drawing that credit because we got no
vote empty promises so look it's easy
for a politician to say oh thanks for
all the help and thanks for all your
volunteers hard work on this issue but
we'll do it next year we promise sure
how many states have we heard that in so
if the Democratic Party is unsure as to
why their voters have lost faith with
them and not sure they're gonna deliver
it's stuff like this so you might wonder
why not why not do it I mean this is the
most popular issue not just on the
Democratic side which it is
overwhelmingly so but the most popular
issue in the country who's for keeping
big money in politics well there is a
bit of a literal answer to that it's
some Washington groups who pretend to be
progressive so as usual common cause
sent their lobbyists they did it in New
Mexico recently - they say terrible
things about the Young Turks oh my god
change and their fans are really excited
and and they got all these young people
who are pushing and pushing to get money
out of politics
goddamn right we are and so they don't
want that they don't want then they use
excuse after excuse after excuse
so apparently the people in Washington
fell for it or they never want to change
in the first place I don't know which it
is for the Democrats but they're gonna
have to make up their mind on that so
what does common cause and all the
people against change say oh my god
don't do a confession oh my god if you
do a convention you get money out of
politics that that's really dangerous
why is it dangerous okay well they're
two main arguments are oh my god if you
counted all the convention calls
together then the Republicans could have
and you could have it over you bet you
already think it'd happen if the
Republican proposed our own things now
this is an unmitigated lie now some
people believe it and they don't know
that it's a lie that's okay look I've
been ignorant on a lot of issues and
I've learned so I'm going to tell you
what the reality here here is but if you
hear anyone telling you this talking
point they're either a paid liar and
lobbyist for these groups that are
against change or they just don't know
so you could let them know right now
there's 70 calls for a convention that
Congress has counted if it could be an
open convention on any issue they'd
count the seventy and here I'll do math
for you to in order yet a convention you
need two-thirds of the states to call
for a convention that's in the article 5
of the Constitution well ok to those who
say sister T 4 states we have double
that number
now why 70 is only 50 states because
several states have asked for different
conventions now if it was an open
convention why would they have to ask
for different conventions if it was an
open convention they count 34 out of the
17 they'd be done with it oh my god what
if they use the convention to get money
out of politics and they count it with
the conservative conventions to launch a
conservative convention well they don't
need us right now there's 29 calls for a
balanced budget amendment which is
conservative there's 29 calls for a
convention of the states which is
conservative they can just count those
two together that's 41 they don't need
us at all
so anyone who tells you that getting
money out of politics convention is
somehow going to go help conservatives
in their secret plan to do an open
convention is either ignorant or they're
lying on purpose it's not true there's
no one that could make the
counter-argument because those things
have been there sitting in Congress
right now they could act out a tomorrow
it's just not true okay I have almost
every expert in the field on our side
there's people that are fear-mongering
pretending to be experts oh I'm a
professor somewhere okay is this my
expertise have I studied it can I quote
anything for you no but I'm a professor
and I'm so scared of a Republican
convention all right I'll get to one
other line a second but I want to be
clear about this let me quote to you the
US Department of Justice office of legal
policy and a report titled limited
constitutional conventions under Article
five of the United States Constitution
said this paper concludes that article 5
permits the states they apply for and
Carter's to call a constitutional
convention for limited purposes and that
a variety of practical means to enforce
such limitations are available so that
is reality that is the US Department of
Justice
let me quote the Attorney General former
attorney General of the United States
Griffin Bell I think the convention can
be limited the fact is that the majority
of the scholars in America share my view
now finally let me quote and by the way
the American Bar Association also agrees
the Congressional Research Service also
agrees now let me quote the United
States Senate Judiciary Committee and a
report they gave about this a long time
ago back in 1984 this has been clear as
day for all this time but people still
make up facts about it so here's what
the Judiciary Committee actually said
this is Congress so what they say
matters in this case the framers did not
provide an unchecked grant of power for
to a convention every amendment proposed
would be subject to the same conditions
faced by those proposed by Congress the
notion of a runaway convention
succeeding in an amendment
in amending the Constitution in a manner
opposed by the American people is not
merely remote it is impossible
so that is lie number one when they talk
about runaway conventions and oh my god
they could call an open one for a
thousand different topics and they're
gonna have the lizard people rule us and
they're gonna outlaw abortion and all
this nonsense it is fantasy it is not
true
by the way if they want to Convention on
one particular issue they can get thirty
four states that's in the Constitution
there's nothing we can do about that but
that is not our convention our
convention is a nonpartisan one for
Republicans and Democrats who care about
our rigged system and who don't want to
rigged on behalf of the donors so what
do some so-called progressives want
unilateral disarmament so let the
Republicans do any convention they like
but progressives don't act
don't act be cool just sit on the couch
they are act they're agents of non
change of the status quo all right
there's one of those Authority I'd like
to quote for you on it because
apparently these people don't know how
the Constitution works that Authority is
the Constitution itself I'm going to
read your article 5 of the Constitution
because it involves the second step here
the Congress whenever two-thirds of both
houses shall deem it necessary shall
propose amendments to this constitution
or on the application of the
Legislature's of two-thirds of the
several states shall call a convention
for proposing amendments so in other
words you can either have 2/3 of
Congress or 2/3 of the states
we're Wolfpack is trying for 2/3 of the
states to call for a convention to
propose amendments now let me pick it up
again which in either case shall be
valid to all intents and purposes as
part of this constitution when ratified
by the Legislature's of three-fourths of
the several states so the second line is
they say oh once you go to a convention
even if it's a limited convention then
magically they could rewrite the entire
Constitution that is simply not true
article 5 tells you a convention is only
to propose amendments all this fight
over just a symbol
second ISM to propose amendments then
those amendments that are proposed out
of a convention must be ratified by
three-quarters of the states anyone who
tells you otherwise is deeply ignorant
or hasn't read a word of the
Constitution is certainly not article 5
or perhaps is lying to you on purpose
because their groups are funded by
people who like the status quo fight for
change wolf dash pack.com / go be
involved but you know what one other
thing here let me launch a campaign
right now because I'm tired of these
people of the common causes of the world
pretending to be progressed they have on
their website that they care about money
in politics when they go around and send
their lobbyists to state after state
saying whatever you do don't do a
convention because that might actually
get money out of politics oh I mean I'm
concerned about a Republican convention
which has nothing to do with this anyway
you know what
legislators we've given a lot of carrots
it's time for sticks so wolf dash
pack.com / stick sometimes we help
politicians and hope that they do the
right thing you get money out of
politics and sometimes that is her work
and sometimes it hasn't so let us also
try the opposite go to that URL donate
to a fund that we're creating to just do
sticks we look all your donations go to
all these wonderful staffers organizing
all the volunteers that are fighting in
all these different states but now what
it's also spent some money making sure
that politicians who oppose us are no
longer in office let's go give them
another job but not this job so if you
oppose Wolfpack and you want to keep
money in politics there ought to be
consequences so let's make sure we
deliver those political consequences for
them wolf dash pack.com sighs stick
let's go make that happen okay you know
what they will do
