price gouging in the pharmaceutical
industry is not necessarily new news
however there was a story that kind of
went under the radar that I wanted to
bring to your attention back in December
the Wall Street Journal reported about
price gouging in regard to a specific
cancer drug that's used for a variety of
individuals who have different types of
cancer like brain tumors lung cancer
Hodgkin's lymphoma it's been around for
about 40 years but over recent years the
price has gone up considerably to give
you an example
it was previously sold for around $50 a
capsule the same dose now costs a
whopping 768 dollars Jesus Christ man so
back in 2013 the pharmaceutical company
that had that created this drug and sold
this drug had actually sold it to a new
startup called next source biotechnology
or buy oh yes biotechnology now after
next source purchased it that's when the
price gouging really started next source
has increased the price nine times in
less than five years prices of other
doses of the drug which the company has
renamed as Glee Osteen has also been
increased considerably the drug gets
sold to a new pharmaceutical company a
start-up and they're like you know what
even though the patent on this drug has
expired
no one has created the generic version
so we can go ahead and charge whatever
we want
seven seven hundred $60 for one dose of
this drug so this was crony capitalism
looks like why so drug companies do get
patents that last for a certain amount
of time it used to be five years now
over time they've increased that
sometimes now it's seven years and for
some drugs it's even all the way up to
12 years and that is the government
saying you are not allowed to compete
with these people now sometimes those
patents last so long that it's not
economically viable to create a generic
drug now that's oversimplifying it and
and I'm not positive as to why there
wasn't a generic drug in this particular
case okay but the other way that you
have corny capitalism affecting the drug
companies is in other developed
countries they have single-payer so what
does the government do it negotiates on
your behalf so if you say all right I
know that I make a really good profit at
$50.00 but I'd like to charge you 750
instead the government goes no I'm not
gonna waste the taxpayer money paying
you 750 dollars I'm gonna negotiate okay
in our system this is unreal if you
don't live inside America it's got to be
confounding to you the government is not
allowed to negotiate drug prices even
though they have enormous leverage
because they buy so many drugs before
Medicare and Medicaid they literally
wrote it into the law that the
government must take whatever price the
drug companies give how is that possible
how could you I mean if it was a
business and you told the business you
must pay whatever you're you know you're
the person is charging you down the
supply line you'd like that's outrageous
no I should be able to negotiate right
nobody took that power away why the drug
companies are the number one donors to
politicians and since they give so much
money to politicians the politicians let
them rob us blind
one last thing that's super relevant to
this is in if you have single-payer
everybody's covered they don't let the
sick die that's kind of the point of
insurance but in our insane system here
in America we let people die we let them
die in the streets right so there are
tens of millions people who are
uninsured that now there'll be more
uninsured because the latest tax plan
cut even more from health care the
Republicans now saying that you're
cutting even more from Medicaid and
Medicare to make up for their tax cuts
for the rich and and then on top these
guys can well you got cancer you got to
take this drug otherwise you're gonna
die
so I can charge you whatever you like
and your government is not here to
protect you nobody's looking out for the
citizens this is a government by the
corporation's for the corporations of
the corporation right and now some might
say okay well even if you have the
government negotiating if there is no
generic version if there are no other
competitors then wouldn't this company
still be able to charge whatever it
pleases well that could be the case but
remember if the government is involved
and the government sees this form of
price gouging there might be regulatory
retaliation you know there there might
be some oversight they might look at
what the actual costs are why is it that
they're charging so much per capsule and
that could change things right so by the
way the chief executive of next source
was asked about why the price has gone
up so much and here's what he had to say
he said that the price is based on
development costs
remember this drug was already developed
it's been around for 40 years okay
development costs regulatory fees and
the benefit the drug provides to
patients okay let's stop for a second
yeah wait wait so right there he is
confessing this drug will literally save
cancer patients lives and so I know I
can charge whatever I want for it and
they have no choice but to buy it if
they want to live and remember the
question was about why does it cost so
much it's not that it cost that much to
produce it he's saying it cost that much
because you'll die without it haha
you might as well have added that to
that another quote and Ana's right about
the development costly development costs
are a real thing that's why these drugs
get patents and they have patents in a
lot of parts of the world so we
understand that concept whether the
patent has to be 12 years in some cases
is a completely different issue and in
this case you developed and made up your
cost decades ago so I understand it as a
concept for for this particular drug you
can't say oh I still haven't made up my
development costs golly gee I haven't
even made a profit yet that is
preposterous you know that's not true
you're making a profit when there's 50
bucks let alone one it's 750 bucks it's
amazing because Republicans will you
know talk about death panels when it
comes to providing health insurance for
Americans as if it's you know not some
sort of privilege but more of a right
but death panels already exists the
death panels are actually run by the
CEOs of these pharmaceutical companies
who get to decide how much they charge
you for these drugs they get to you know
price them at exorbitant amounts and if
you don't have the money to pay for it
well
too bad you get to die that's what you
get in the United States of America with
the richest country the most productive
country that's what you get it's it's
pathetic
it's and it's amazing that there are no
this story by the way again I want to
reiterate this it was published in
December and no one talked about it the
only reason why I found out about it was
because it was republished by a
different a different news organization
and it came across my desk and I'm like
how do people not know about this why
aren't people outraged about this well
did it come in the form of a tweet
because if it didn't cable news can't be
bothered with it it has to do with real
issues and by the way it's putting the
kidding aside about cable news who are
the top advertisers on cable news
alright pharmaceutical companies are you
having trouble getting an erection
because you're 89 years old and you
watch cable news well don't worry here's
the chart company is going to give
millions of dollars in advertising
they're not gonna touch those guys the
politicians get paid by them that
mainstream media gets paid by them and
lo and behold look at that the
politicians don't do anything and the
media doesn't cover it final thing for
you guys I want you to understand this
is not capitalism this is crony
capitalism so I am not in favor of
setting prices so we can get any debates
about that but I think price controls
are a bad idea and and I think they
pervert the market and it winds up
hurting the middle class and the poor as
well okay well put that debate aside I
want you to understand something this is
not price setting it is normal in a in a
free market to set limits so that
there's not price gouging so I'll give
you an easy example a natural disaster
happens they ran out of water and food
now somebody could go in and go now
water is no longer $1.00 per bottle it's
$100 per bottle or $1,000 per bottle and
if you don't have it you're gonna die
your kids are gonna die well the
government steps in and says you're not
allowed to take advantage of a situation
like that that is not price setting
that's price gouging and we will not
allow it because we are here to protect
our citizens this is supposed to be a
democracy where our representatives
represent us and look out for us
unfortunately we've lost that in this
country because we've allowed on
limited legalized bribery you just watch
the video by the young turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
