so after the parkland shooting in
Florida a lot of the students down there
are going to demonstrations they're
speaking out on television they explain
on on TV how they saw their friends get
butchered and massacred right in front
of their faces and so they understand
the adults aren't going to do anything
our political system is sick so they're
speaking out here's some of the stuff
they're saying Delaney tarses because of
these gun laws people that I know people
that I love have died and I will never
be able to see them again that's a
student at the high school where the
shooting happened a crowd chanted at one
of these protests of vote them out vote
them out there was a sign that said
hashtag never again well unfortunately
we're on a countdown to it happening
again because it it always does in this
country because we have no gun control
but that is the point of these rallies
and another sign said hashtag do
something now they are right about the
fierce urgency of now because we're all
in a countdown to the next school
shooting it's a near guarantee at this
point if your kids are in a school
somewhere are you sure that's not the
next school to get shot up there's no
way to be sure the only thing we can be
sure about is until we do something
about gun control I guarantee you I said
near certainty but unfortunately it's
not it's an absolute certainty I
guarantee you there'll be another school
shooting the only question is where and
if it involves your kids another sign
said simply don't let my friends die so
Fox News reported on this and then they
sent out a tweet about their article
nothing wrong with that so glad they did
some of the comments from the followers
of Fox News on Twitter all right well
let's just show you deplorable Dan with
hashtag Magga writes in they all need to
shut up now remember that after a
shooting a lot of times people like
myself will say we need gun control why
because I'm tired of seeing kids get
shot and I know for a fact
more guns leave some more school
shootings more mass shootings and more
gun homicides that is true all across
the world a hundred and thirty studies
have proven it out okay and what do the
right-wingers online say
oh man you have no respect for the
victims you know you're speaking out
while this emergency is still an
emergency well we haven't forgotten
about it while we haven't done our delay
tactics and never taken any action on it
it is outrageous what about the victims
as if they care about the victims now
they're telling them plenty just shut up
already
well it turns out you don't like their
message you don't like that they didn't
like to see their friend's murder right
in front of them and now you're telling
me shut up if you was just one okay
and look I grant you it's social media
and but there is an ugliness out there
Brandon writes in I'm wondering how much
this kids being paid yeah of course
because you'd have to be paid to be
bothered to see some of your best
friend's murder right in front of you
some of the kids literally saw the boats
going in to their friends and killing
them wow they're being paid so now
here's another obnoxious meme from the
right-wing
have they no decency no none whatsoever
let me see this now it took a old movie
picture and put it up oh you just did
the iPad the tide pod challenge please
tell us all your ideas for gun control
in other words kids are so stupid you
kids what would you know about gun
control well they'd know a lot about it
I'm not sure anybody in the country
knows more how damaging it is more than
they do they saw it with their own eyes
now here's another tweets kids using the
mainstream media to try to demolish the
Second Amendment and have a police state
like communist governments know that'll
never happen
so you think asking your friends asking
the government to do something about
your friends being murdered in front of
your eyes is the equivalent of becoming
communist
yeah yeah I'm sure those kids they're
all about the Communist agenda for
everything for the right-wingers is all
about like some extreme ideology it's
all projections since they're extremists
they think oh no that kid is not
disturbed by his best friend being
murdered and seeing 17 dead bodies in
the hallways of his school no it's that
the kids a communist okay great
just I got two more how could it get
worse all right well let's go to Chris
Thomas wonder if they had rallies
planned weeks before this tragedy oh I
see of course it's a conspiracy I'm so
sick of their grotesque conspiracy
theories it's never their fault they
could never take personal responsibility
you're against gun control we have
out-of-control guns in the country 130
studies have showed that those guns lead
to higher mass shootings higher school
shootings higher gun homicides over and
over and over again it is absolutely in
control incontrovertible evidence so
what do you say oh no man I bet somebody
else did it and they had it all planned
out yeah yeah you people are monsters so
and here's the last one
from Andover 1982 change must start
within them unless they change within
nothing will be accomplished okay all
right wait not so bad but I'm a little
worried and then the final sentence it
wasn't a gun but one of them oh great
blame the students who got shot there is
no bottom to the right wing barrel
there's no one they won't insult there's
no one they won't attack and there's
nothing they won't do to protect their
ideology truth be damned human decency
be damned if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm /join and once
you do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
Qi tea network.com slash joy
