the one Republican donor that actually
is doing the right thing I'm trying to
be fair your credit where credit is due
okay so the problem party's been taking
tens of millions of dollars from the NRA
Donald Trump alone took thirty million
dollars Marco Rubio down in Florida who
promises that there'll be no gun control
has taken three point three million
dollars from the NRA and the list goes
on but finally one Republican donor has
had it and he's actually leading a bit
of a counter-charge
among Republican donors on this issue so
look I'm sure that I don't agree with
him on almost any other issue but I
commend his strong and brave stance on
this one New York Times explains a
prominent Republican political donor
demanded on Saturday that the party
passed legislation to restrict access to
guns and vowed not to contribute to any
candidates or electioneering groups that
did not support a ban on the sale of
military-style firearms to civilians
I'll bless his heart on that one l
Hoffman jr. a Florida based real estate
developer who was a leading fundraiser
for george w bush's campaigns said he
would seek the marshall support among
other republican political donors for a
renewed assault weapons ban now this is
not a minor donor he has given millions
and millions of dollars to different
republicans running for office
throughout the years he himself says
quote for how many years now have we've
been doing this having these experiences
of terrorism mass killings and how many
years has it been that nothing's been
done it's the end of the road for me no
look I'm gonna get a little cynical here
but I think that the tens of millions of
dollars that corporations have and it is
oftentimes gun manufacturers hence
corporations that funnel the money to
the NRA and then the NRA funnels it to
the politicians that kind of crony
capitalism unfortunately will overpower
even millionaire and billionaire donors
on the Republican side because
corporations will always have more money
than individuals so I hope Hoffman can
gather up more people to join this cause
and maybe it'll make a difference
because that's the only thing Republican
politicians listen to his Republican
donor
but there probably be outspent by the
NRA but I again I don't want to
discourage it I think it's wonderful let
me give you more context Republican
elected officials in Washington Florida
have shown no significant interest in
considering new gun restrictions after
the Florida school shooting the party
which has full control of both the state
and federal government has traditionally
opposed virtually all new limitations on
firearms and that is absolutely true but
Hoffman is not deterred he says if we go
from Florida to Las Vegas and now
Parkland you just have to know that
there are others around the country just
dreaming about staging another mass
murder that is absolutely true and tick
tock tick tock until we have another one
it's coming it's around the corner don't
get surprised when it happens and
there'll be another mass shooting
unfortunately very soon all right now it
has spread to other donors as well
Peter s Rummel a Jacksonville bass donor
who gave 125,000 dollars to jeb Bush's
super-pac in 2016
said he was on board with mr. Hoffman's
plan and would only contribute to
candidates supportive of banning assault
weapons
he said the Parkland shooting was a
turning point look it's sad the Sandy
Hook was not a turning point it said
that Orlando was not a turning point Las
Vegas was not a turning point then when
Gabby Giffords congresswoman was shot in
the head that was not a turning point
Steve Scalise was shot at Republican
congressman that was not a turning point
but at least for some Republican donors
we have now hit a turning point and
thank God for that
Hoffman says I will not write another
check unless they all support a ban on
assault weapons
enough is enough and he says furthermore
I'm going to email every single donor I
know in the Republican Party and try to
get them on board we really got to start
a little movement here I will take help
wherever it comes from and I don't care
how much I disagree with Al Hoffman jr.
on other issues I'll we'll fight on
those issues and we'll fight in the
battle of politics and ideas in ideology
in this case he is taking a bold and
correct stance and hey Republicans if
these people don't represent you and
you're tired of the mass shootings and
the massacres
as well and you're worried that the
massacre might be coming to your town
next because it probably will then you
should join people like Al Hoffman jr.
and others and make sure that the
Republican politicians who are blocking
any action on this issue are gone and
don't represent you elect other
Republicans that are not bought by the
NRA I go to Democrats do whatever you
need to do but don't give another dollar
or another vote to any politician and by
the way that includes some Democratic
politicians too any politicians taking
money blood money from the NRA to make
sure that they do not do any gun control
or take any action on all these
massacres that we're all suffering not
one more dollar not one more vote what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
