so joining us now is dr. Stephanie rose
she is running Colorado's fifth District
for United States Congress
she's a justice Democrat we had her on
before when she had not yet had her
primary she has had that and won it and
she rejoins us now going to the general
election dr. rose great to have you back
huh thank you so much it's great to be
back all right
it's one of the things I remember I
remember that room that that that I saw
when in the earlier interview okay so
first of all you're on a lot of lists
you're on every magazine's list of eight
african-american candidates to watch
you're on Ben and Jerry's list of seven
progressive candidates to watch what are
they they're gonna name an ice cream
flavor after you right they are they
have asked voters here in the fifth
District what they want it to be named
in what the recipe should be so we
should find that out very soon okay I
think that's moveon.org / Ben and Jerry
if you want to participate in that a
bunch of great just Democrats are on
that list so now now let's get serious
about the race now you're past the
primary you're up against a conservative
Republican Doug Lamborn
they base that district as we talked
about earlier historically has been
pretty red so what's your strategy going
in against Lamborn well first of all we
are actually out here at campaigning
because of the history and the laziness
of this incumbent he's not even
campaigning right now but we continue to
talk to voters specifically unaffiliated
voters as well as the moderate
Republicans to move them in the way that
they already want to be moved they just
want to be inspired so we've been out
here pounding the pavement correct very
grassroots we are not running you know a
specific technology campaign in the
sense of just TV ads we are talking to
people at their door we are phone
banking again is really
belly-to-belly how many volunteers do
you have doctor√≠s I can't even I would
say a couple hundred about 300 that
rotate in and out between the districts
counties we have five counties and
they're people all over we also have
people throughout the state that are
making phone calls for us so I can't say
exactly but at least 300 that's a
People's Army I love that so you know
look we last time I think we touched on
this a little bit too but you got a PhD
in American Studies from Purdue you're a
Baptist pastor fascinating and you're
the chair of the womans in ethnic
studies program at the University of
Colorado
so what possessed you to run for office
it really was the 2016 election cycle
along with the results the level of
vitriol and lack of leadership that I
saw coming out of that election cycle
and then participating in the women's
March being a professor being a pastor
making sure as I tell my students that
we have to be the change that we so
desire and I truly believe no one can
lead where they are unwilling to go and
for me this is where the heart of our
systemic problems lie it lies in
Congress so here I am running now I love
that living up to your word if we're
going to be the change I'm gonna be the
change so that's actually really
heartening to hear so let's talk about
what's resonating in your district now
look if we all polling indicates it's
not just wishful thinking that there's a
blue wave coming so in in that wave
there's a district that can be one I'm
curious with all your volunteers and the
phone banking etc when you're talking to
whether it's Democrats independents or
Republicans what's the message that that
resonates the most what are their
concerns well the top concern that comes
up and we saw in the poll that came out
today that health care really truly is a
resonating for our district we have some
places some counties in this district
where there is not just an insurance
problem the problem is around access
there are no medical facilities there
are no pharmacies in one of the counties
that I would represent and so access to
health care developing infrastructure
quality of life we have a housing crisis
here in our district and really people
want someone who is forward-thinking and
going to lead by example who will show
up to work who will do what is right for
the collective and not their own special
interests and that's what we're hearing
from people the incumbent has a historic
like reception he's at 40 percent
likability right now so you're
absolutely right there's going to be a
blue wave as well as a pink wave this
November mmm yes first time I'm hearing
the pink wave line okay and you're not
wrong about that women have been showing
up to vote in record numbers in the
primaries and that's just Democrat
versus Democrat wait till you get a load
of them yes these particular Republicans
so I I think that energy is going to be
amazing and look guys I want you to
understand something we told you that
people like dr. Rose would win their
primaries and they did she wanted right
and she did it through small dollar
donations and volunteers from people
like you you've got to do it again
because look at dr. Rose she could go to
Congress she could represent you guys
it's incredibly doable I'm gonna give
the links right now okay so Stephanie
rose for congress.com
but I really if you don't want the guys
taking all the corporate money to win
then doing a small dollar donation or
however much you can afford makes a
giant difference and if you're in that
district in Colorado come on you've got
you've got great college students there
you've got great progressives in
Colorado and even if you're not in
you're somewhere in the middle up an
atom you think that corrupt politician
is gonna do you any favors I mean can
you can you even find him in that dish
even if you tried dr. Rose absolutely
not it's like playing a game of Where's
Waldo representative for CD 5 and we
can't find them here they can't find him
in Washington DC so I really don't know
how he has been in this position for 12
years but it will be a breath of fresh
air to give him his walking papers so if
you do if you're in Congress in you do
universal health care I know that
Republicans last CNN demagogue about it
but all the calls that you guys get all
the the concerns you get at the door
they're gone they everybody has health
care and so I just I don't think people
get the gigantic difference that it
would make and and by the way it would
also increase people's wages because
then employers are not saddled with all
those costs and they could pay people
more so I and but at the same time dr.
Rose they've heard a lot of propaganda
about how Obamacare was bad and that was
what the problem is so it's one thing to
know that health care is a huge problem
but it's another thing to know what the
real remedy is and what's your sense of
whether that district is ready for
something like Medicare for all we
definitely are because there are so many
people who heard the rhetoric for
Obamacare and they shrunk away from it
but now after this tax cut that passed
at the end of 2017 and the roll backs
that have happened people aren't
actually feeling it in their own lives
and having to make those choices are
really difficult whether you pay for
your prescription drugs or you're paying
the mortgage and having to navigate and
either/or is so problematic so people
are really looking for even in southern
central Colorado a an alternative and
for all of us we know the pathway
forward to lead in the 21st century well
into the 22nd is to move towards health
care for everyone universal health care
you ever dream of being in a
real Progressive Caucus whether they
call it the just Democrat caucus or
whatever they call it in Roe kana today
with Bernie Sanders huge victory getting
Amazon to increase their wages to $15 an
hour
he was the first just Democrat there's
Pramila jayapala halvah and then you
would go in praat very likely with Ilhan
Omar Rasheeda Talib Alexandria Acacio
Cortes do you ever stop and think about
that and what you guys could do with
that kind of power I think it is the
future moving our nation forward we've
heard rhetoric for the last I want to
say four years but have lived moving our
country backwards for the last two years
but this is really a pathway forward
that brings more people to the table and
if it gets to the point where we have to
eliminate the table so that everybody
fits then that's what we need to do yeah
and I mean even as I did the list and
look these progressives are uncorrupted
they don't take corporate PAC money so
they're gonna represent everybody in the
district everybody that's the whole
point of being a representative but it
is heartening to hear so many women of
color I left on Ayanna Presley right
there's if it was you and Ayanna Presley
and Omar and Talib and Alexandria
concert Cortes and privilege I appalled
strong women leading the charge that
would be amazing wouldn't that be great
so for God's sake people go to the links
get in the fight dr. Rose chose to step
up and and fight for you guys you got to
do likewise for our so thank you so much
for joining us dr. Rose really
appreciate it and and thank you and good
and good luck with the race we're all in
this together
like what you see click this subscribe
button below and don't forget to ring
the bell to never miss another video
from the Young Turks
