what is this it started out in my living
room when we were doing that I'm pretty
sure no one would have believed that we
would get to this point we just crossed
seven point six billion views of the
world population the whole premise of
the show is that we are believers we
actually believe that we can make a
difference yes we dare to believe that
we can make a difference in our
government yes we believe the only thing
that's gonna work is a constitutional
amendment saying that corporations are
not people that cannot spend unlimited
amount of money on our politicians and
we should publicly finance the elections
so that our politicians are not forever
hooked on their legalized bribes I was
thinking of what could you do about in
the communities working to do with
schools kids education system things
that actually save our country unless
you do away with the underlying
corruption that plays a role in various
policies you're never really gonna have
a true victory I'm Jake you really Young
Turks we came to Occupy Wall Street so
now a lot of reporters come here to make
fun of these guys we came to join them
I've been watching you guys it's like
I'm 15 years old like I'm 19 now yeah so
I want to inspire the youth it's
international norms day it's a day
without women that's why we're wearing
these red tee or t-shirts in honor of
the women who work here now they are at
the protest and they're covering them
today the revolution is just that it's a
revolution and the revolution
before doesn't Trump jank and a few
other people are trying to do is given
us give us a different perspective on
reality the reality facing the middle
class and working people not just the
billionaire class climate changes a
disaster it's happening it's imperative
that we need to fix it climate change is
already threatening us as it has for
Houston this is what it looks like this
is what it feels like so what does data
say but they don't believe in data they
don't believe in facts climate is
changing fundamentally extremely and
nonlinearly it's becoming worse now this
is the problem with the culture of
policing in America so
disproportionately yes they are being
targeted two-and-a-half more times
likely to be short and killed by police
officers that's what they'll protest
people still say there's no racism in
the country if you see that black people
are more likely to get convicted for
murder well then you're more likely to
assume that a black person is a suspect
why why you're supposed to be a servant
part of what we pay cops for is to
remain calm we pay you to be able to
deal with those tough situations without
over eeeh an entire group of people who
already don't have any power
we're already subject to this kind of
sometimes aggressive racism but at a
bare minimum significant inconvenience
you take a powerless group and then
point the finger at them your life
doesn't matter it's disposable that's
the attitude and that's the culture
we've got to change owning a gun is
considered a right but having health
care coverage is considered a privilege
we've got more money than we know what
to do with we have an economy twice the
size of China we can pay for everyone's
health care and everyone's college
without blinking everybody who has money
has dealt with a private insurance
company and they know it's nonsense we
should go to single-payer
medicare-for-all would be an easy way
today President Trump signed an
executive order beginning the process of
building a wall on the border between
the u.s. and Mexico they use the
of crime despite the data that's here
because they want to divide people and
they just hate the others and they want
to find some excuse any excuse to garner
enough public support and public opinion
to close our borders they don't really
think about why these people are
crossing the border through such
treacherous conditions to find a better
life for themselves because we're not
even focusing on solving the problem
this is focus on not getting the blame
right so we can get it elected again it
goes back to concern about your own ass
and not the dead feet never
underestimate the emboldened spirit of a
woman especially when strong women can
band together and encourage and support
and lift up each other you know hard it
is to get people in the u.s. to bartsch
to actually go somewhere and to do it
two years in a row to get a million-plus
people is amazing women are still making
only 77 cents to every man's dollars if
they think that they can get away with
paying a woman less because of her prior
employment or because she doesn't
negotiate her salary at the same way men
do whatever it may be they're gonna do
it and that's really really unfortunate
of course we're her equal pay
homosexuality is it's something that is
given to people by their nature and you
can't just tell somebody who was born
homosexual yeoreum or sexuality and
gender identity are different things
it's not the same and I don't like as to
how it's getting very convoluted in
actual state legislature that's not okay
you should you need to know the language
before you can be proposing bills our
public education system puts Latino
students at a major disadvantage and the
way that that happens is the way
education is funded in the United States
Betsy DeVos against all odds was
confirmed as our next and possibly last
Secretary of Education what she does
have a huge impact on is colleges and
that is a huge huge problem considering
the fact that we're straddled with 1.3
trillion dollars in student loan debt
right now ideally in the student loan
department the investment is in the
student unfortunately it seems the
decision has been the investment is in
interest payments on the loan how do you
think people from low socio-economic
statuses make it to the middle class
through education it's not a funnel to
make some sort of profit and you know
like you said earlier the point of
education is to lift people up in order
to lift up our society as a whole when
you're doing this what is the goddamn
point
Rolling Thunder that's what this show is
