this week Donald Trump's administration
unveiled his horrific budget for the
year 2019 and of course obviously
Democrats were upset about the fact that
not only does this budget cut vital
social programs here in the United
States but that it also is going to
balloon the deficit by well over 1
trillion dollars well as the week
progressed it turns out it wasn't just
Democrats who were upset with the
president over this horrible budget
Republican groups decided to speak out
as well one of the first groups was the
house freedom caucus which is basically
the tea party members of the House of
Representatives who were upset about the
fact that Donald Trump and the rest of
the Republican Party suddenly don't care
about deficits but more important than
that little freedom caucus is the fact
that the Heritage Foundation decided to
post an op-ed on the hill calm where
they talked about how horrible this
Republican budget truly is from a fiscal
purely fiscal perspective now the
Heritage Foundation is obviously one of
the most powerful and influential
republican think tanks in the United
States and even they are not on board
with the President's budget but in their
little op-ed they decided to say that
both parties are to blame even though
Republicans control the House and the
Senate and the White House and the
Supreme Court's in the majority of state
legislators blah blah blah but
regardless the Heritage Foundation is
unhappy and they think that both parties
share equal portions of the blame now I
understand why they're unhappy I just
don't agree with their reason for being
unhappy yeah it's bad that it balloons
the deficit I get that but that is also
something that can be addressed with
future administrations what can't be
addressed what can't be fixed are the
cuts that President Trump wants to make
to social programs such as Social
Security Medicaid Medicare funding for
the Arts cutting PBS and NPR s funding
one hunt
percent those are things that are going
to devastate people cutting away their
health insurance taking away those
Obamacare subsidies like this budget
wants to do people could die
as a result of not having health
insurance we've seen people in the last
week die even though they had health
insurance but they still couldn't afford
their medications that's what we're
looking at here with this budget and
another part of the budget they want to
send boxes of foods food to food stamp
recipients rather than giving them money
because they don't even trust them that
Republican talking point of these people
on food stamps buying lobster tails and
champagne has apparently penetrated the
Republican Party's budget and now they
want to send them a monthly ration of
canned goods because they don't trust
them enough to use that money to buy
food this is a heartless budget it's not
just awful and it certainly isn't just
awful for the reasons that the Heritage
Foundation pointed out in their little
op-ed nobody's buying their nonsense
this group pushed for tax cuts they push
for increases in military spending then
suddenly when they get everything they
want realize that yeah it's gonna
destroy the economy then suddenly
they're anti budget they want everything
that is in this Republican budget their
little op ed is just a publicity stunt
so that when the economy crashes they
have a little bit of clearance to say
hey told you so thanks for watching and
if you like what you see here on Ring of
Fire we encourage you to subscribe to
our channel you can see the little
subscribe button down there but if
you're watching it on another device
where you can't see it go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire hit subscribe be
notified every time we get a new video
