according to The Globe and Mail
McDonald's Corp is removing
cheeseburgers from us happy meal menus
and shrinking the french fry serving in
one mighty meal which is a meal for a
larger meal yes and part of a new global
plan to cut calories and make its food
for children more healthy right they're
getting rid of it how does that make you
feel Brit not happy they say they have
goals by 2022 McDonald's aims to have at
least half of the Happy Meals that are
on their message boards contain 600
calories or less 10 percent of calories
from saturated fat 650 milligrams of
sodium and 10 percent of calories from
added sugar mm-hmm you can still request
it a cheeseburger to be added but it's
not going to be posted they say this
will you know discourage that behavior
they did the same thing with soda see I
don't see why that's so bad it's not
technically eliminated you can have it
if you really want it but for those of
you people who are casually you know oh
I don't know what to get my kid a
cheeseburger yeah I love it did you I
remember I really wanted the beanie
babies and I would go back every week to
get them yep the beanie babies they gave
away beanie babies now here's another
thing is they're gonna get rid of toys
they set the company which in the past
has taken heat for you using toys to
promote its Happy Meals plans to offer
books as a year-round replacement option
in a hundred markets by the end of 2019
up from 20 today well here's the deal if
you don't like the books and no
cheeseburgers you don't have to buy that
meal no no this is this is a good thing
right I think it is because if you want
to make that healthy choice sure if you
want to make an unhealthy choice yeah do
that
but when I know when people are going to
McDonald's they're not necessarily
looking for a salad they know what
they're getting into when they go to
McDonald's but this is for kids which
often happens because of a choice the
parents made and childhood is a time
that's very crucial for lifelong eating
habits for developing obesity or not
yeah that's true 40% of kids eat fast
food daily according to an American
Heart Association report and 15% of
customers order happy meals when they go
to McDonald's and
those things it makes total sense I I'm
kind of joking about it because it just
makes me sad that they're gonna phase
out toys but it does seem like a drug
dealer be like you want a toy eat a
burger we're just gonna give you and
we're gonna call it a Happy Meal and you
will be happy eating crap and and we'll
also pay you mean if you really want
that stuff you can still go to Burger
King that's true
in 1979 they came out with the first
Happy Meal in 2011 they added Apple's
2012 clementines fat-free chocolate milk
in 2012 they also got rid of soda in
2014 they added go-gurt in 2016 they
took away artificial preservatives from
their McNuggets and in 2017 they
replaced Minute Maid with a different
kind of juice called honest kids less
sugar it's good because a lot of people
who don't have the financial resources
to to really buy the right lose you know
certain kinds of foods they end up going
to McDonald's and if McDonald's can make
a low price food that's also healthy
that's a great thing if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
