so after the Las Vegas shooting the
Republican said there and do something
about gun control and I actually did
propose to Bill so let's be fair to them
and give them credit for what they have
done so the first one was the concealed
carry reciprocity Act okay that doesn't
seem like it's for gun control but let's
find out what's in it USA Today reports
the other major piece of legislation
backed by the NRA because they talked
about a couple of other one I'm going to
tell you about in a second
covers concealed carry across state
lines the legislation would nationalize
concealed carry laws essentially if you
have a permit in your own state that
would allow you to carry your farm a
firearm into another state wait a minute
that's not for gun control that's a
guess gun control well it's also against
state rights so if New York wants to
more tightly regulate this law says
you're not allowed to do that I don't
care about your state's rights I want to
make sure that guns are everywhere so if
there's somebody from another state who
got guns
well I want to make sure that they get
Drive into your state and do any
shooting they like so so far one out of
two is not for gun control it's a spread
guns more Chi I wonder if all those
bribes by the end I already made a
difference for the Republicans okay well
let's be fair the second one has a very
pleasant name this is called a share Act
they'll also push for this this is after
the worst massacre in US recent US
history that is the Las Vegas shooting
this is before the shooting in Florida
let's see if that was gonna help and
maybe could have prevented the shooting
in Florida if they had just you know
reigned in the gun problem that we have
in America after that massacre in Vegas
so what's in it well garnering the most
attention is a provision that will
loosen restrictions loosened
restrictions on purchasing gun silencers
which are currently regulated under the
National Firearms Act by law people who
want a silencer must pay $200 tax and go
through a longer registration process
that includes a criminal background
check the Republicans wanted to take
that away you want silencers have added
us Oh somebody just murdered fifty-eight
people and shot and wounded
hundreds of people by shooting into a
crowd and he did it in a SERP dishes
where he stocked the guns into the hotel
room etc well let's make killing people
surreptitiously even easier let them buy
silencer with less checks okay that's
not all that was in the share act here's
some other provisions
it allowed gun owners to carry
registered firearms across state lines
they're obsessed with making sure that
the guns can be everywhere it also
allowed them to carry firearms in the
national parks and no longer classified
shotguns shotgun shells and large
caliber rifles as destructive devices
which would remove certain registration
and Taxation requirements as well as
prohibitions in some states so make
silencers easier shotguns easier and
once you've got them and you'd like to
murder people I thought it means cross
state lines and do it at your leisure so
after all the shootings they did not
make shootings harder they made them
easier the NRA has given tens of
millions of dollars to Republicans
throughout the years they give 30
million dollars to Donald Trump alone in
just the last election cycle well they
got exactly what they bargained for
corruption works unfortunately in
America and it's literally killing us
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network calm slash join
