now the Trump says he's very concerned
about the shooting of course he did the
standard thoughts and prayers went
through a video of his in a second
responding to this I just want to give
you a little bit of context first though
Donald Trump received a look at that
thirty point three million dollars from
the NRA now look if it doesn't affect
him it doesn't affect them and he's an
honest disciplined and principled guy if
now 93% of Americans want federal
background checks so you could take that
are any money and go no I don't know I
am a man of the people and I will give
you federal background checks on gun
control well let's find out if that's
the direction he's gonna go in let's
listen I'm making plans to visit
parkland to meet with families and local
officials and to continue coordinating
the federal response our administration
is working closely with local
authorities to investigate the shooting
and learn everything we can we are
committed to working with state and
local leaders to help secure our schools
and tackle the difficult issue of mental
health later this month I will be
meeting with the nation's governors and
Attorney General's we're making our
schools and our children safer we'll be
our top priority it is not enough to
simply take actions that make us feel
like we are making a difference
we must actually make that difference
okay no talk of guns no talk of gun
control only think he brought up as
mental health now first of all on mental
health
he cut mental health funding but maybe
I'm going to truly he he might not have
mentioned in the press conference but
maybe he is actually speak louder than
words so let's go to his actions
president Trump's newly unveiled budget
would cut millions of dollars from the
National instant criminal background
check system which gun dealers used to
verify if someone is banned from buying
a gun before selling it to them so
double checking to see if we should sell
that gun
no we're not gonna do that we're gonna
cut fundings for that the 30 million
dollars the NRA gave him could that have
influenced him No
alright by the way this article was
written before the shooting in Florida
so this was in we got his budget on
Monday they're looking through the
budget they're like oh look at that
that's interesting
turns out he cut funding for a gun
control here more details the president
calls for cuts the national criminal
records History Improvement Program and
the ni CS act record Improvement Program
both provide federal grants the states
to help them improve their reporting of
criminal records and protection orders
the national database database for
background checks including domestic
violence records now that would be very
relevant because for example the Texas
Church shooting guy had a history of
domestic violence but got a gun anyway
you might want to do that check on
domestic violence history that is
usually an excellent indicator what
they're getting they're gonna commit
further violence and gun violence
so nope cut the funding cut the funding
how much they cut it by 16% so less gun
control as they are writing the article
the Florida shooting happens so they add
in this sentence another mass shooting
took place as this article was being
written Wednesday this one was at a high
school in parkland Florida at least 17
people died and many others were injured
they were writing the article because
they noticed hey we've had all these
mass shootings recently including the
worst one ever in Las Vegas
58 dead hundreds upon hundreds injured
mowed down massacred and instead of
doing something about it they went in
other direction and they fought against
gun control they cut the funding for gun
control and lo and behold in the middle
of pointing that out another massacre
this time at another school seventeen
people dead mainly schoolchildren it
looks like that 30 million dollars the
Donald Trump got from the NRA lenda done
exactly what it was intended to do don't
do anything about the shootings pretend
that you care talk about meaningless
thoughts and prayers pretend it's a
mental health issue when study after
study shows we have the same rate of
mental health issues as any developed
world a developed nation and the reality
is well what we have that's different
than anywhere else is
we have more guns per capita than
anywhere else we have 270 million guns
in the country but the NRA gave Donald
Trump 30 million reasons to never talk
about that most importantly to never
take any action on that so when he gives
you his crocodile tears about those kids
who are massacred understand that he is
actually paid to do nothing about it you
just watch the video by the young turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
