researchers at Harvard University looked
at the issue of social mobility in
various countries and what they wanted
to do was gauge the public's perspective
on social mobility in their own country
and compare it to the reality of social
mobility in their country and what I
found so fascinating was the fact that
the United States or at least people in
the United States seem to be much more
optimistic about social mobility
compared to what the reality is when you
look to other countries specifically
European countries they're much more
pessimistic but their social mobility is
actually a lot better than they think it
is so Harvard University compared
perceptions of social mobility in
countries like America Britain France
Italy and Sweden against actual levels
it finds that Americans tend to be
optimistic while Europeans tend to be
too pessimistic so let's get into the
numbers an American born to a household
in the bottom 20% of earnings for
instance only has a 7.8 percent chance
of reaching the top 20% when they grow
up
Americans surveyed thought the
probability was eleven point seven
percent so there is some disparity there
I would argue prior to reading the
results of this study I would have
thought that the disparity would even be
greater because you're like a
pessimistic Europe I'm as pessimistic as
can be I just want to give one piece of
context there because the European
countries even though they're socialists
do way better than us in fact the more
socialist they are the more social
mobility that they have of course in
America we're taught it's the opposite
no if we have unfettered free market and
we just crush everybody at the bottom
somehow they'll match that'll toughen
them up and they'll get to the top no it
doesn't have an eye well it puts them in
a hole they can't get out of
so in Sweden which is far far more
socialist than us they have much greater
social mobility in about 12% eleven and
a half twelve percent of the bottom
twenty percent move on up to the top
twenty percent in Sweden although in
Sweden and in other European countries
they think now it's probably less right
they think it's
less than 10% they actually do better
than they realize and in America we say
oh we got this thing figured out in fact
almost none of us know but this is this
is for me I think that the results of
this study are applicable to election
results that's the reason why I found
this so fascinating because what always
befuddles me is when poor people vote
against their best interests vote for
policies and politicians who represent
policies that would be disastrous for
them in their economic situation and I
think it's because they have been
conditioned to think that the American
Dream is alive and well and the only
thing that's destroying the American
Dream are these socialist programs right
and if we just vote for the person who's
against these government programs that
help the poor and redistribution of
wealth well then our economic situation
will be far greater but if you look at
the numbers if you look at the states
that typically lean toward Republican
candidates or are just straight out red
states they're off in the states that
require the most aid in in the form of
government programs right whether it's
welfare food stamps whatever it is and
so there's a disconnect there and it's
all about perception it's all about the
way that they perceive what their future
could be you know even though if you
juxtapose that to reality it's a far
different picture
so what we're actually really good at
here in America is marketing and so we
market the American dream and I believe
it I believe in it and I think it's
possible and I a lot of people who work
here their parents were dirt poor or
they themselves were really poor when we
rose up and it's possible et cetera et
cetera but that doesn't mean we should
make it harder it means that maybe one
of the ways that we got on for example
the only reason my family got anywhere
is because my dad was allowed to get a
free college education otherwise we'd
still be olive farmers in southeastern
Turkey so that doesn't mean you crush
people underneath you it means you give
them a hand up because they actually can
rise if you believe in them but America
unfortunately doesn't all we do is
marketing gimmicks so what percentage of
people that are on the bottom 20% make
it out of the bottom 20% at all make it
to the
21st percentile not to the top but just
out of the bottom 20 only 32% so and
again among these five countries that
were tested were rock bottom we're the
worst we're not number one we're last
Britain which has socialized medicine
and and the and the list goes on of how
much more their government gets involved
is number one at 38 percent so and it's
just not true that that that just taken
away any government help for people
makes it more likely that they'll rise
up it makes it less likely so I love
this story I find it so fascinating and
there's more that I want to share so
let's also talk about how people are
likely to react to this very information
okay when given pessimistic information
about social mobility left-wing
respondents became even more likely to
support economic redistribution
however right-wing respondents support
for redistribution did not change so if
you happen to lean toward the right and
you are watching this right now you have
already disregarded the information that
we have shared with you you're sticking
to your guns you're not changing your
mind based on you know their findings
what I'm about to share with you is not
based on the Harvard study this is
actually a result from Pew Research they
do their own annual survey to see what
the well-being of Americans is like and
here's what they found nearly half of
the states in the u.s. saw their scores
decline and zero States saw a
significant improvement in well-being
from 2016 to 2017
so for instance people reported more
worried little interest in doing things
depression symptoms and perceiving less
positive energy from family and friends
less people reported having a leader in
their lives who makes them enthusiastic
about the future there was also a
decline in people who said they are
reaching their goals and happy with
their standard of living social mobility
is so incredibly important we have a
country full of people who are feeling
this deep sense of despair because they
are working longer hours they're doing
jobs that they absolutely hate because
they have to put food on the table for
their families
and they feel unappreciated and we need
to do something to change the way our
system is set up because people are
miserable and they will continue to be
miserable if we don't change you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
