yesterday senator Kirsten Gillibrand
announced that she would no longer be
taking corporate PAC contributions in
the future and just late last night the
same day she was joined by another
Senator Cory Booker who tweeted this I
heard from constituents today asking
about corporate PAC contributions I'm
joining several of my colleagues and no
longer accepting these contributions our
campaign finance system is broken I
think at stop big money for their work
it's time to pass campaign finance
reform and if you didn't see the
announcement yesterday just for context
senator Gillibrand said I will no longer
accept donations from corporate PACs and
I wanted to share why I made that
decision I hope you'll join me in doing
everything we can to fight to reform our
broken campaign finance system and she
included a video message which we played
on the show yesterday it's online if you
want to see it okay so Booker accepted
1.8 million dollars from business PACs
from 2013 to 2018 so this is no small
thing he's giving up millions of dollars
to do this and I think we hope yeah
assuming he does it yeah but yes he says
he's going to no no he says he's going
to no look look I don't want people to
get overly skeptical and I'll tell you
what look is it are you am I going to be
naive no no no and yesterday we explain
the Gillibrand is still taking other PAC
money you impact money single issue PAC
money but it makes it look I would
prefer no PAC money no uu money no
nothing okay but this is a great start
right and so if she cares about being
pro-choice and let's take money from
pro-choice and Booker does the same I
understand I prefer no PAC money but
we're on the road and do politicians
sometimes violate their pledge of course
great Jean for say sex going to exactly
the example I was going to use a
Republican rat ran in Montana had a
progressive populist pushing him almost
lost the race so in the middle of the
race he was caught by the way on a call
with his donors promising them something
different than what he was telling the
public he's like don't worry I got your
back not the voters and so he went on
and said Oh me I'm not gonna take any
corporate PAC money even though all the
Republican good people in Montana cuz
people in Montana hate corruption bless
their hearts so and he's like no I'm not
- and then he gets into office he's like
I was just kidding you idiot
I'm a Republican of course I'm taking
Korver back money yeah and he started
accepting it right away yeah but but for
this campaign it would be a bit shocking
if Booker and Gillibrand etc turned
around so I don't think they will I
don't think they will and today's a day
to celebrate them going in the right
direction okay okay and so and if you
think it's because the pressure great
then put more progressive pressure on
other politicians and continue the
pressure on these folks to keep getting
better and better
but when you get what you want like that
at the end of the Brad Pitt money money
ball Brad Pitt movie Moneyball there's a
great line from Jonah Hill where he says
you got to know when you hit a home run
okay so this is exactly a home run but
it's a solid double yeah right so take
our double and yes don't go home
keep on fighting keep on bringing the
runs home but when let's keep it real to
significantly establishment figures like
Senator Gillibrand and senator Booker
come out and go no more corporate PAC
money that means we're winning yeah
that's a great day in America especially
with Booker and Wall Street I mean I
don't know to what extent you can still
sort of maybe get around that but yeah
on that I'd like to think that I am
being appropriately skeptical I'm not
being I don't think unreasonable
skeptical some people are handed a
victory and they're thinking they set it
on fire like no no you're waiting you're
waiting you're fools so you got to take
that I don't know if this is a double I
would say maybe in the case of cory
booker it's double although he doesn't I
would say it's at least a single maybe
it's a single and a half they have those
right you get halfway now just stand
there
you know just go over the whole thing
but obviously like not taking corporate
PAC donations as big and we know from
his history it's a million it's a
multi-million dollar decision but there
are there are steps beyond that you can
go I mean saying we need to reform the
system is good proposing legislation is
better supporting a constitutional
convention to get money out of politics
is better than that yes and I would say
that even if you're not going to go that
route the route of what you personally
take it does hit corporate PAC town but
beyond that there's I will raise money
using
donations only from individuals you
could do that and that cuts out the
corporate PACs and a lot of other
elements of campaign finance that are
bad for the system or bad for us at the
very least so look we started with none
we now have five Democratic senators who
are taking no corporate PAC money at all
let's put that up just they can see that
yeah obviously Bernie Sanders Elizabeth
Warren but Maria Cantwell as well from
the state of Washington and now
Gillibrand and Booker so are we aware
that four out of the five of those folks
are going to run for president 2020 yes
we are aware we follow politics we're
not unaware of that but good you know
what hey do you also support it Medicare
for all because they're running for
president good you know I hope they win
and actually do Medicare for all and
take money out of politics and I would
john of Quisling
this group and citizens united anyone
whose we're gonna get money out of
politics wonderful there's some things
written out there about how they support
more of the establishment candidates but
if they support establishment candidates
to get them to stop taking corporate PAC
money great okay
I'll know you're for real if you're for
Wolfpack and you say no no we're not
playing around we're getting the
amendment we're not talking about little
bills that are gonna lose we're not
talking about all beseeching our
Republican friends and getting Mitch
McConnell the promise of vote we're not
talking about any of that we're talking
about have an amendment get all the
money out and the private financing and
and if you got to go to a convention go
to a convention change change change
but this is the beginning of that and
and it's great to see what what
previously honestly just even a couple
of years ago seemed unimaginable yeah
for for establishment Democrats to turn
around and go I'm done with corporate
PAC money yeah yeah and look obviously
it doesn't mean oh well then let's just
never check again I will literally never
look at news about whether he's actually
doing it obviously you will but it's
it's one thing to say it's something
that they're doing because they're gonna
run and it's another to acknowledge yeah
I want there to be a lot of things they
have to do if they're going to water
I want them to have to appeal to us
that's the whole point after all and
they actually have to follow through but
first we want to make sure that they
know who is going to get them elected
not just in the general election but in
the primary as well Cory Booker didn't
make it through the primary already he's
not like skating by and then he's going
to try to get everybody he can he knows
who he's going to need to get through
the primary yeah you might also have to
acknowledge who he's gonna have to get
through first who has a better claim to
it but we'll see about that
okay but lastly on this is really
important understand your strength you
were too strong and that's why these
establishment Democrats are now coming
to your position yeah because they
realize they can't win without your
votes and you won't give them your votes
if you think they are corrupt oh I love
it brother
so all of you out there fighting to get
money out of politics fighting for
progressive positions keep it going
because you're stronger than you realize
you're in the middle of winning keep on
pushing forward because if we keep on
doing this remember over 90% of the
country agrees with us they said that
this was impossible but now we're
beginning to move that Boulder and at
the end we will get an amendment we'll
get our democracy back wolf dash
pack.com if you think that's the right
way to do it by all means if there's
another group you like sign up for that
group but whatever you do don't stop
keep fighting because they're now afraid
of you which is a great place to be if
you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
