Donald Trump has rolled out his recent
budget proposal and of course it
includes deep cuts to social programs
and social safety nets including
Medicare and Medicaid another target for
the Trump administration is the food
stamp program which low-income families
rely on in order to put food on the
table for their children now recently
Mick Mulvaney who is the White House
budget director was speaking about this
during a press conference and listened
to the proposal that he just made take a
take a listen what we do is propose that
for folks who are on food stamps part
not all part of their benefits come in
the actual sort of and I don't want to
steal somebody's copyright but a blue
apron type program we actually receive
the food instead of receive the cash it
lowers the cost to us because we can buy
prices at wholesale where they they
whereas they have to buy it at retail it
also makes sure that they're getting
nutritious food so we're pretty excited
about that so he used the brand blue
apron which by the way delivers fresh
ingredients to consumers who purchase
their product but that is not what would
happen under the model that the Trump
administration is proposing now keep in
mind that the Trump administration
proposed cutting food stamps by 17
billion dollars in 2019 and more than
213 billion dollars over the next decade
so if you think that they would the
government would deliver fresh delicious
food to people who need food stamps of
course you'd be wrong under the trap
proposal which the Agriculture
Department has dubbed America's harvest
box all households receiving more than
90 dollars per month in benefits that's
81 percent of snap households overall
would begin receiving about half their
benefits in the form of government
purchased non-perishable food items so
what falls under the category of
non-perishable food items are those
fresh foods that are healthy and
nutritious for people no of course not
it includes shelf-stable milk juice
grains cereal pasta peanut butter beans
and canned meat fruits and vegetables
only canned ones because canned meat
canned fruit and canned vegetables are
really
nutritious for you so all right why are
they doing this what are the problems
with this and then I got good news for
you on why it's not gonna pass
so they it's a twofer on why they're
doing this one they cut the budget so
they gave away all this money to the
rich in their tax cuts so they need to
find the money somewhere so they're
gonna take it from the poor you could
when you need $90 a month $90 a month
$90 a month to feed your family yeah
leave it high off the hog
yeah but they can take that away from
you everybody in the top 1% got a tax
break of over $50,000 per year
okay the rich get $50,000 a year for you
they can take away your $90 because they
gotta make it up number two is it's
gonna do be crony capitalism they're
gonna give it to whoever gives them the
more donations they're gonna say you're
gonna get the government contract to
give this food okay right now they say
well look you could cut the price on all
this food because at least we're buying
at wholesale well that seems to make
some sense instead of retail right but
wait how about distribution now normally
when you give them the coupons people go
buy it on their own you don't have to
get deliver the food to them well that
is about a third of the cost for blue
apron as an example of all their cost is
just distribution so there goes a lot of
your savings from wholesale versus
retail and then I thought of that how
about if their person is a diabetic or
their senior citizen or their kids they
need different food the logistics of
trying to figure that out is a nightmare
you know what that leads to government
bureaucracy and big government so it's
not gonna work it's gonna cost you more
money not less money now is that why
it's not gonna get passed know they'd do
that for crony capitalism in a second
okay no it's not gonna pass for two
reasons one there's just simply too many
Americans on food stamps and a lot of
them are Republicans so in places like
West Virginia Kentucky Arkansas I'm
keeping it real and they're gonna come
out and go wait you're gonna come by
food stamps then I got a dollar fifty
extra on the tax cuts per week but I
just lost all this money in food stamps
I don't like that like they tried tolls
in Texas and then people rebelled right
and then the second
and more important reason why it's not
going to pass because you know who is
against it
Walmart Target and all other giant
stores a huge portion of their revenue
comes from food stamp recipients so
they're already going after the
government over this proposal so you
normally get your food stamp and you go
to the Walmart probably where you work
because they don't pay you enough for
you to be able to live without food
stamps and then you spent the food
stamps at Walmart if the government
sends you the food then you can't shop
at Walmart Walmart is a giant lobbyist
okay they're gonna spend send all their
guys to lobby and they get a set by all
those politicians and make sure they
kill this bill so that's my guess as to
how it'll go down but it is another
terrible Republican trick to
redistribute the wealth from the from
the average and poor Americans for the
very top also I always find it
fascinating how the Republican Party
consistently argues that Americans need
less government in their lives they need
less of the nanny state less of the
government bureaucracy but at the same
time they propose ridiculous things like
this that would essentially have them
picking and choosing what you eat if you
don't make enough money to put food on
the table for your children and by the
way some might say well I mean if you're
in a situation where you need food
stamps and you're using you know
government money maybe the government
should be able to tell you what you can
and can't eat but think about the number
of Americans who actually have full-time
jobs and they still don't make enough
money to put food on the table for their
kids I mean that is the real issue here
the fact that we have full-time
employees in the US and they're paid so
little they're not paid a living wage
and they have to these corporations have
to be subsidized by the government in
the form of food stamps for their
employees I mean it's just it's this
system is so messed up so all those
millions of people tens of millions of
people that you see on food stamps don't
think that they're all sitting on their
couches watching TV and they're lazy a
lot of them do have full-time jobs
that's right Nestle can't afford it you
just watch the video by The Young Turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show
come join us and become a member tea
white tea network.com slash join
