Rodrigo Duterte the leader of the
Philippines has said some pretty
terrifying things about female rebels in
fact during a recent speech he said the
following about women who happened to be
rebels tell the soldiers there's a new
order coming from the mayor we won't
kill you we will just shoot your vagina
he continued to say if there is no
vagina it would be useless and what he
means there is that if it's a woman
without a vagina then she's useless
because that's the only thing women are
good for so I had to read that two three
times to make sure that that's really
what he meant like really and no it's
yep that's what he meant he meant we
should shoot him in the vagina because
if you take out their vagina what good
would a woman do
ah he's men he makes Trump look like a
humanitarian so he has a history of
saying misogynistic things but more
importantly basically statements that
are violent toward women let me give you
some examples he threatens women but
when he's challenged he insists it was
all a joke just last week his
spokesperson actually accused women of
overreacting and that the president's
comments or you know just jokes he's
messing around I mean that's funny come
on just laugh his political friend was
quoted as saying
Duterte has also made headlines for
joking about rape of a kidnapped
Australian who was later killed and for
telling troops to rape women in conflict
- that's not a joke
and and then of course there were rapes
and so and when you're the lead of her
country and that's the tone that you
said like he said Oh kill the drug
dealers you know what they did
they killed drug dealers they killed
drug users and then they started killing
people that then nobody had any idea
whether they had any newer drugs because
he allowed vigilantism and thousands of
innocent Filipinos died so now when he
goes to tell people raped women who
you're opposed to and and then shoot
them in the vagina likely that's exactly
what they'll do I mean right now the
vigilante justice is terrifying tens of
thousands of people are being shot and
killed with no due process just simple
suspicion
of drug trafficking or drug use and when
you set that kind of culture up when you
emboldened people to carry out this type
of vigilante justice which is really
injustice all sorts of innocent people
are gonna lose their lives and he's just
basically sanctioning this type of
violence against women it's a scary
situation to live in one last thing he
attacks female political opponents by
making fun of their looks and whether
and judge them whether they're sexually
attractive and effortless familiar that
does sound familiar that's exactly what
Donald Trump did for example Carly
Fiorina who was also a Republican during
the Republican primaries Mika Brzezinski
he needed a de Mika and he did it to so
many other women and so it's a it's a
shade of difference one grabs them by
the genitals and makes fun of their
appearance instead of the other one also
makes fun of their appearance says don't
just grab them by the genitals do a
little bit worse you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
