Huffington Post has a really interesting
story about how Democrats are trying to
take back seats in across the country in
the different state races now they've
had a lot of success doing that lately
but it has been unexpected candidates
not the ones that have gotten the most
financial backing but the one that have
gotten the most grassroots support have
as the Democratic Party learned anything
from that man unfortunately most of you
know how this story's gonna end no not
remotely so it I Vardy at huff posts
with a excellent article so I'm going to
quote it at length begins this way when
Democratic legislators gathered in a
hotel in Portland Maine for a two-day
policy conference last August they were
joined by a host of corporate interests
who have good reason to want in on those
conversations indeed those interests do
not necessarily align with the citizens
the meeting of the Democratic
legislative Campaign Committee the party
armed responsible for supporting State
Legislative candidates was closed to the
press and billed as an off-the-record
event so let's be clear about this
Democratic legislators get together it
is closed to the press it is closed to
the public that means you you are not
allowed to see it but it is open for
business so let's get into those details
the finance council includes companies
trade groups labor unions and public
interest organizations who pay anywhere
from twelve thousand dollars to more
than a hundred thousand dollars to the
DL CC in return the conference provided
an opportunity for donors to interact
with state legislators may of whom had
their respective chambers from around
the country and yes unfortunately the
leadership makes the most important
decisions at the state houses assemblies
and Senate's all across the country and
they are the ones who are invited to
meet with their corporate and union
sponsors and donors as long as you've
got enough cash to play you will get
your say the Portland conference
included prominent representation from
the pharmaceutical on health insurance
industries including lobbyists from
America's health insurance plans the
national trade group that is currently
lobbying against Vermont senator Bernie
Sanders Medicare for all bill
representatives from the Association for
accessible medicines Eli Lilly
Sanofi
in pharmaceuticals and some Merck
Novartis and vertex all also attended so
you're not invited but the
pharmaceutical companies are invited and
then when you try for single-payer in
different states all of a sudden it's
blocked you don't know why it's blocked
you have a sneaking suspicion oh well
those folks contribute a lot of money to
those politicians and you give a lot of
money to politicians and they get to
nice have nice cushy meetings with them
in Portland Maine where you could talk
their ear off for hours and hours and
tell them how important it is to not
have single-payer to not have Medicare
for all to make sure that those private
pharmaceutical companies and health care
and insurance companies continue to make
overwhelming profits how important it is
for business and for the quote-unquote
economy but not necessarily for the
citizens
representatives from the Edison Electric
Institute in a powerful national trade
group advancing utilities interests were
also present as were the American fuel
and petrochemical manufacturers the
Nuclear Energy Institute McDonald's
coca-cola Comcast Monsanto eBay and
Wells Fargo you don't have to hate those
companies I like a Big Mac I've been
known to have a coke time or two I
probably have unfortunately consumed
something Monsanto has made but that
isn't the point the point is should
corporations be able to have an audience
that is paid for with your state
legislators do you get the same kind of
access know the answer the answer is
hell no and I tell you this you know at
the state level it's actually way better
than a national level sometimes you
actually can talk to your state
legislators but is it fair that that
these companies get to pay all this
money and get special access and you
think that that the special access does
not eventually wind up influencing the
politicians does anybody really believe
that anymore
I know on cable news they say oh they
are all honorable gentlemen and ladies
from these states and they have
different
Diaz and ideology and philosophy but the
overwhelming majority of Americans know
that in reality the number one
philosophy is who's writing my checks
and if it's a union maybe I'll represent
the union if it's a corporation I will
definitely represent the corporation
where are citizens in that equation
like I explained their world so you use
in here self post on that major label
mate labor unions also attended
including the International Union of
painters and allied trades iron workers
International and International
Brotherhood of Teamsters as well as
representatives from Americans for
Responsible solutions which advocates
for gun control now I like gun control I
like unions generally speaking and I
used to belong to a union and I think
unions helped to do collective
bargaining do I wanted to hurt your
knees no you wanted to take away power
from the years no but do I want unions
to be able to give cold hard cash to
politicians and hope that that doesn't
unduly influence them no no no I don't
want yours doing and I don't want
corporations doing it and by the way
unions I Got News for you there's a hell
of a lot more corporations than unions
and they have a hell of a lot more money
you are going to be on the perpetual
losing end of that equation I don't know
when a said we're gonna get through to
you get money out of politics
all money DL CC communications director
Mara Sloane said the policy conferences
are forms for legislators to engage with
each other and share new ideas as well
as an opportunity for legislators to
interact with industry leaders and learn
more about policy positions of both the
legislators and the organizations now of
course they're gonna frame it that way
and I'm giving you their perspective
there's their quote on it oh we're just
trying to learn I didn't know what the
the position of the oil companies and
the pharmaceutical companies were now
that they've paid hundreds of thousands
of dollars now I know their positions
this is all about education does anyone
really believe they get all the money
out wolf dash pack.com to get the money
out do it right now and if you want
uncorrupted democrats
yeah well then choose ones that don't
take corporate back money that's just as
Democrats
calm okay their finance council members
who paid $35,000 or more to the DL CC
were granted the opportunity for
one-on-one meetings with state
legislators slated for 90 minutes during
the second day of the conference
according to the agenda well they get
one-on-one meetings you get usually
nothing one state legislator who asked
not to be named because he's received
assistance from the DL C C said he felt
quote uncomfortable about the abundance
of corporate interests now they have one
particular example of a former United
States Senator Mark Begich
and I think that it is instructive so I
wanted to quote that as well the DL C C
conference also featured former
Democratic gala Alaska Senator Mark
Begich we joined a legal and lobbying
firm Brownstein fired Farber and Shrek
as a strategic advisor after leaving
Congress in 2015
Begich is backed has backed Alaska's oil
and gas industry in his six years in the
Senate and co-founded the New Deal a
centrist Democratic group initially
described as supporting pro-business
progressives that now finds herself with
the more neutral pro-growth progressives
tag Brownstein fired Farber & Tricks
robust energy and mining practice
includes such clients as Freeport LNG
Citgo Petroleum cobalt International
Energy and Colorado Oil & Gas
Association baggage also runs his own
Anchorage based consulting shop northern
Compass Group and in late 2016 calls for
opening the Arctic to offshore drilling
look at that a Democrat who worked for
the oil and gas industry basically when
he was a senator then goes through the
revolving door goes and becomes a
lobbyist for them and then goes and
talks to the current legislators and
tells them oh yeah oil and gas is
awesome and then shovels money in their
direction as money was shoveled in his
direction and then all of a sudden
you've got offshore drilling in the
Arctic just like they wanted now in this
case it was Republicans had enough votes
in Trumpkin
do it all on his own but in often times
when they need Democratic votes just
enough Democratic votes appear to make
all those positions possible and then
what do they tell you oh there was
nothing we could do what could we do
oh well golly gee we had to do what the
Republicans wanted oh are they also our
donors what a fun coincidence it's gross
the whole system is gross it is bound to
corrupt both parties if you set up a
system that rewards unlimited legalized
bribery wolf dash pack.com if you don't
get the money out you're gonna be stuck
with this forever two political parties
deeply poisoned one more quote here from
Mara Sloane who's the communications
from the DLC ceases no but the DLC see
does not take policy positions and there
is no quid pro quo expected from anyone
attending our conferences we are working
every day to close the fundraising gap
with Republicans who regularly out raise
us in other words what do you want us to
do the Republicans are even more corrupt
than us and they say that they do
exactly what the corporation's want them
to do
whereas we kind of mainly do what the
corporation's want us to do hey we don't
spell it out there's no quid pro quo
what do you think they're paying all
that money for and they give you all
that money the first time why did they
give it the second time because they got
a return on investment these are not
nonprofits they're all in the business
of maximizing profit if they give you
money the second time that means you
help them maximize profit to their
advantage and not to our advantage
the guy who's clear this who clearly
outlined this Democratic conundrum as so
he thinks it is was Barney Frank he
talked to TYT politics during the 2016
campaign this short little clip gives
you an exactly what is wrong with the
Democratic Party and they don't even
realize it watch do do do you think it
would really be better for liberals
ladies if all the money from the banks
went to Republicans as opposed to just
80% yours we can accomplish that we can
refuse to accept any yes yes that's what
I want
not because I'm impractical but because
if you take 20% of the banker money that
means you will lose forever you you
signed on to a system where you have a
permanent massive disadvantage isn't the
smarter idea to say I am uncorrupted and
I will fix this system because if you
maintain this system yes Barney Frank
you might have a lot of power and
privilege and money congratulations to
you and Mark Begich could be a lobbyist
forever and make tons of money drilling
in the Arctic and enabling all of the
corporate priorities but the Democrats
will be forever consigned to the
minority party not because they are the
minority in the country not because the
Americans don't agree with our positions
almost every policy position Americans
are progressive on I could show you poll
after poll it is not my opinion in his
facts based on polling so why do
Democrats lose because they are paid to
lose they are part of a corrupt system
where they their job is to lose so the
DL C C and Barney Frank go wrong what do
you want us to do don't think anybody
coming our job is to be a little less
corrupt than the Democrats and to get
harassed just kicked one action election
after another and that is why at the
state level Democrats have lost a
thousand seats think about the severity
of the problem a thousand seats they
lost and worse yet even when they're in
charge they somehow magically wind up
losing on policy positions they lost at
the national level of the House the
Senate the Supreme Court and the
presidency to a guy like Donald Trump
does that seem like it's working as a
democratic strategy wolf dash pack.com
get all the money out save the
Democratic and Republican parties by the
way if you're a conservative why do you
Republicans to be deeply corrupt and in
the pocket of big business I got news
for your big business doesn't give a
damn about you it cares about its bottom
line and you all know that and they keep
telling you don't worry it'll trickle
down to you does it look like it's
trickling down and finally if you're a
Democrat go for the uncorrupted
Democrats Justice Democrats know it take
no corporate PAC money look at their
agenda you agree with some parts
disagree with any other parts okay you
make your own decisions but at least you
know they're not working for these guys
whereas unfortunately so much of the
others especially at the national level
and unfortunately in the leadership
levels at the states they're working for
somebody but it ain't you what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
