The Guardian has just reported that
evidence indicates that California
police worked in conjunction with
members of the alt-right and neo-nazis
in order to pursue counter protesters
these are people who went out and
protested against white nationalism and
even though some of them were victims of
violent crimes the police in this case
allegedly went after those counter
protesters as opposed to the
perpetrators of the violence now
California police investigating a
violent white nationalist event worked
with white supremacists and sought the
prosecution of activists with
anti-racist beliefs now there is
evidence to support these claims because
there were three individuals who were
the counter protesters who apparently
got arrested during this rally that took
place in Sacramento California in June
of 2016 now as soon as they got arrested
and they were dealing with the legal
system they lawyer DUP and their lawyers
were able to find audio recordings
involving a police officer literally
speaking to a white nationalist who was
in custody at the time and essentially
letting that white nationalist know
we're going after these counter
protesters I'll get to those details in
just a second now the records which also
showed officers expressing sympathy with
white supremacist and trying to protect
a neo-nazi organizers identity were
included in a court briefing from three
anti-fascist activists who were charged
with felonies after protesting at a
Sacramento rally now the the cops are
alleging that they weren't cooperating
with them and the way that some of them
got charged is unbelievable
there was a black protester who was
stabbed in his abdomen and they were
attempting to prosecute him even though
he was the victim of the violence
Steve grippy Chief Deputy District
Attorney prosecuting the case in
Sacramento denied the claims noting that
his office had filed charges against one
member of the traditionalist Workers
Party or Twp the neo-nazi group that
Oregon
this particular rally so in one phone
call with Doug McCormack identified by
police as the Twp affiliate who acquired
the permit for the Sacramento rally
California Highway Patrol investigator
Donovan Ayers warned him that police
might have to release his name in
response to a public records request the
officer said he would try to protect
McCormick okay here's his exact quote
I'm gonna suggest that we hold that or
redact your name or something until this
gets resolved he said to the suspect and
he also requested records of the permit
and noted if I if I did I would tell you
so he didn't know who had requested his
name and he's like if I knew I would
tell you okay so let me be clear about
the context of all this so in that case
the guy's going to organize a rally if
I'm not and there you can disagree with
me but I'm not that bothered that he's
saying look I get it
you're part of this white supremacist
group and people are gonna want to know
who you are and you're requesting the
permit and we'll keep that your identity
hidden I don't know if that's the legal
thing or not if it turns out that's not
legal then I withdraw what I just said
right but and then he he goes a little
extra by saying hey don't worry if
anyone tries to find out your identity
I'll give you a heads-up I don't think
you have to do a neo-nazi that favor so
okay but if that's all that was I'd say
okay that's bad but it's not the end of
the world okay but the case of animation
earlier and there was a number of these
but that african-american protester was
stabbed in the abdomen chest and hand
right so but they consider him the
suspect yes okay so then okay you're
like but you know what maybe they got
into a knife fight and he got stabbed
but he also stabbed someone else that's
possible right and just because they're
neo-nazis doesn't mean you shouldn't
protect them we have freedom of speech
in America and if people came and
committed violence against them you
should arrest the people who committed
the violence
okay but so when you now look at the
facts of why were they thinking the guy
who got stabbed was the suspect then
they were actually targeting him the
cops were targeting in that case there
evidence was that there was a Facebook
photo of him holding up his fist and
they said that that was a quote Black
Power salute and that he supported quote
anti-racist activism and it demonstrated
his quote intent and motivation to
violate the civil rights of the neo-nazi
group yeah so okay he gets stabbed in
the chest hand abdomen etc that is not
good evidence he holds up a Black Power
salute that is great evidence that he
intended by the violate the civil rights
of the neo-nazis so he's the suspect oh
my god
no that fact pattern is atrocious so
luckily the actual victim in this case
which is the black man who was in the
hospital was never charged however the
cops did recommend eleven charges and
the offenses included disturbing the
peace conspiracy assault unlawful
assembly and wearing a mask to evade
police that might have been one of the
things that pissed them off the most
because what I what do I say all the
time on the show on these days which is
the biggest crime in America is one
that's not actually illegal that's
disrespecting a police officer so you
wear a mask well but hey you're trying
to evade the police I don't care that it
makes me angry and I'm giving the cops
the benefit of the doubt here and I
don't think they deserve it at all so I
mean the more likely explanation is they
just sympathize with the white
supremacists but if you're going to give
them the benefit of that oh you're
wearing a mask that pisses me off I
don't care that you got stabbed I'm
gonna consider you the suspect and for
the the prosecutor makes the decision of
whether the case goes to court but the
cops made the decision to charge him
with eleven counts for having his fist
up in the air in a salute and wearing a
mask but but in in G of all the whites
premises that brought weapons to the
rally by the way there was five
different guys that they identified as
having knives and several of the
anti-fascist protesters were stabbed
only one white supremacist was charged
all the other ones there's a guy named
punny oh he's he's another member of
this Twp group the white supremacist
neo-nazi group he was in the vicinity
the cops agreed that he was in the
vicinity of another victim at the time
and he had a knife on him
the cops go to talk to him after he's
been arrested on a separate charge of
domestic abuse so now you might look not
normally if a cop goes into a situation
where he's this guy is now involved in
another act of violence he might be a
little circumstance kept like hey I
don't know about this guy right no the
cop goes in and says him while he is in
jail that can you help me to identify
your counter-protesters so that I could
get them instead of you and he says
quote we're pretty much going after them
we're looking at you as a victim wow wow
wow you always want to think that this
is like one or two bad actors you know
but then you see how the ranks of the
cops in this case close and I mean as
you say in a kind of a awful grotesque
way when you when you've got a stabbing
victim who's hoping that the cops are
really their allies right I mean when
you're already in a very very intense
exchange with these right with this
right wing with these supremacist white
supremacist you know there's going to be
trouble and you figure that the peace
officers there are your allies and to to
see this grotesque situation unfold as I
say you hope it's a few bad actors but
the more you get into the story you
realize
yikes it's it's worse than that it's
kind of an institutional thing right and
so I don't know what percentage of this
police department consists of the bad
apples but what I do know is that you
know time and time again we have these
conversations about people not trusting
the authorities right running away from
the authorities as soon as they want to
stop them Walter Scott is the first
person that comes to mind because he ran
away from a cop and literally got shot
in the back several times as he was
running away this is the reason why
there is some portion of the population
that doesn't trust local authorities be
in this case you have counter protesters
who are not feeling protected they don't
feel like their local police are there
to protect and serve
in fact they feel like they're
counterproductive more than anything and
they're going after them with you know
potential prosecution because they have
the audacity to practice their First
Amendment right and counter protest
these white nationalists again who were
the ones with the knives who were the
ones who got stabbed and and sent to the
hospital it's just insane to see this
happen and by the way you know this
isn't just unique to California what
we're noticing with similar rallies and
protests throughout the country is that
cops will work with the alt-right or
these neo national neo-nazis in order to
identify the counter protesters so
another example is this let's go to
graphic 38 US prosecutors targeting
anti-trump protesters in Washington DC
this was during the inauguration relied
on video L evidence from a far-right
group with a record of deceptive tactics
so we know that they I mean we know
personally from personal experience that
they lie they put out fabrications and
to know that the cops rely on that to
arrest protesters who spoke out during
the inauguration is scary stuff and at
an organ haunt right event police
allowed members of a right-wing militia
style group to help officers arrested
anti-fascist activists and this is all
reported by the Guardian and so look we
on the left don't want violence so
people that are both in the mainstream
and in the left-wing say if you're an
anti-fascist don't commit acts of bias
as a terrible terrible idea
and and if they had evidence on them
should they be arrested of course you
can't commit acts of violence now but
look at the propaganda it makes it seem
like the antifa guys of the violent wait
a minute in Charlottesville who killed
who it was the neo-nazi guy who killed
the anti-fascist anti-racist protester
and injured dozens more so and in this
case here's another case event falaka in
the same protest that we've been talking
about here she's a berkeley teacher and
an anti-fascist organizer
she was stabbed and bludgeoned in the
head and they went after her as the
suspect I mean but why would you make
that assumption what a bizarre
assumption if I was a cop and somebody
comes to me and she's in you're bleeding
and you've got a thing you know and not
on your head
I go what are you been up to and to me
like the clincher was the thing I read
to you before that their so-called
evidence was oh he did a Black Power
salute right even though he's been
stabbed over and over again we're gonna
go after him so but the right wing puts
out the propaganda that and Tifa is the
violent ones and in this protest they
put out the propaganda that a antifa was
the right-wing ones and now
unfortunately aided and abetted by some
of the cops there so that what do you
hear you hear the guys who got stabbed
were the violent ones yeah it's and if
you look at the neo-nazi propaganda and
and you look at the philosophy
underlying the neo-nazi movement it's a
violent philosophy so when you put that
up against the antifa movement which is
really and again I understand I'm biased
against neo-nazi sorry but I'm not even
on just the merits you know that you
have essentially an unarmed group or
certainly a far less committed to
violence type group on the left than you
do on the neo-nazi right and so if you
were just going in and working on a
presumption I would presume that the
violence will come out of the neo-nazis
they're the ones as it turns out who are
armed in overwhelming numbers versus the
anti FFA's so again just objectively
looking at this before the game begins
you have to know that the violence is
likely to come from there and then to
the basic point you know violence is
unfortunately a likely result you always
feel good when these things settle out
and there hasn't been any and that's why
the cops and their neutrality is so very
important and so to think that they
aren't at the end of the day in neutral
in any way it again it's it's profoundly
disappointing yeah and we're having
these insane conversations in America
now about like well I mean there are
very good people on both sides it's no
look
you're a neo-nazi you signed up to be
associated with Nazis
after they murdered 13 million people
right like that you thought oh that's a
good thing I'll sign up for that group
right so like it's to Mark's point your
political philosophy is predicated on
enormous violence a history of the worst
violence the world has ever seen
so if the cops were to make any
assumption it would be a fair assumption
to say that hey we should be careful
about those guys because they sign up
for a group that has historically lived
and breathed violence but we're not
asking to make the cops to make
assumptions we're all we're asking them
for is to be neutral and actually judge
the facts and instead they make the
assumption of the Black Power salute is
so dangerous that even if they got
stabbed but they're the suspect and
nothing neo-nazi who signed up to be a
Nazi right and who had knives it's crazy
you just watch the video by the Young
Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
