Kellyanne Conway has been assigned a
very important job here in the US she is
now part of the so-called opioid cabinet
in fact she holds these opioid cabinet
meetings in order to find solutions for
the opioid epidemic here in the United
States now unfortunately her strategy so
far or her ideas so far don't really
lead to any true solution let me give
you the details she has taken control of
the opioids agenda quite quietly
freezing out drug policy professionals
and relying instead on political staff
to address a lethal crisis that claims
about 175 lives a day so what is her
solution what is she pushing for call
for a border wall and to promise a just
say no campaign preposterous because
they believe that the opioid crisis is
something that has been imported from
Mexico not a problem that has originated
here in the United States from the
over-prescription of painkillers all
right
so among the people working on the
public education campaign that Trump
promised is also andrew Giuliani he's
actually Giuliani son who's a White
House public liaison and has no
background in drug policy Rudy Giuliani
son to be specific so the organization
within the government that has the
responsibility of dealing with the
opioid crisis is severely understaffed
so they have high-level officials within
the organization they usually have about
seven and right now they have about
three okay and so that's a little bit of
an issue and another thing to keep in
mind is that Kellyanne Conway has no
background in dealing with this her
career has been in polling in politics
not public health substance abuse or law
enforcement which is why she's not
coming up with any real solution and she
hasn't even expressed any general
interest in this in other words there's
nothing in her history that would
suggest that she even has an appetite
for learning about this and suggesting
solutions and of course as Anna says
they've frozen out the people who really
have a sense of how to shape and craft a
drug policy and and what
this issue is all about so I think this
is another example of them politicizing
something which and I understand
everything gets politicized but this is
this she is a political hack and she's
gonna turn this into a political hack
job she's already doing it and I'll tell
you why the most interesting part is why
they're doing this but first let me give
you even more overwhelming evidence
about how little they care so to Mark's
point and Anna's point about hey how
were the actual experts they actually
exists rich balance the offices acting
director so that's the what is
colloquially known as the drug czar
office within the executive branch and
he served an office for decades and as
an expert on this issue he is not
invited to cabinet meetings where they
discuss this issue so the expert is
uninvited Kelly can con Wayne goes
instead now one of the top political
appointees until recently was a 24 year
old with absolutely no experience and
then it was revealed that he had lied
all over his resume and then he stepped
down and he went into the office when he
was 23 his only other experience was
working on the Trump campaign so filled
with these political novices that have
no expertise whatsoever but we're not
the only ones saying this Republican
Republican senator Shelley Moore Capito
from West Virginia says I haven't talked
to Kellyanne at all and I'm from the
worst state for this so she's like it's
killing West Virginia and if she's in
charge how come I haven't talked to her
for one second what the hell is going on
here how come we're not getting any help
and and then one last one so when asked
hey who's in charge here and who are the
experts they said well Nina Shafer was
here until recently she's now at the
Heritage Foundation but she managed
quote the development of the HHS
response to the opioid abuse crisis well
okay
she's at Health and Human Services she
managed the opioid response so they
asked her about it and through a
spokesperson at Heritage Foundation they
they explained she's not an expert on
the topic so the one person you referred
to as the expert even she says oh I'm
not an expert on topic at all I mean I
got a different job okay so why why on
God's green earth would you do this I
mean
you campaigned on it there's a lot of
your voters who have been hit really
hard by the opioid crisis
I know Trump only cares about his voters
but even if you just look at Trump
voters I mean they've been hit really
really hard
he won West Virginia by an overwhelming
amount why not help West Virginia
because if you went to the actual source
of the problem it's pharmaceutical
companies you want to know who the
number-one lobbyists in America are for
which industry it's not oil it's not
banking it's pharmaceutical companies so
they are the top donors in the country
so that's why if you want to if you've
got this problem and you said you'd do
something about it you don't want to
touch those guys they pay your bills so
what do you do instead
well the wall the border that the
Mexicans are bringing in all the
oxycontin nobody what do you buy it here
what Mexicans would have nothing new and
oxycontin right uh and just say no you
know what just say no means I'm not
gonna address the problem ranked exactly
and by the way I actually think you know
it's a smart political strategy but it's
a smart political strategy because first
of all Trump's base the voters that have
been hit hardest when it comes to this
opioid epidemic they will stand by Trump
no matter what all they need is for him
to stand at a podium you know give them
the real talk you know they think he's
so real and authentic and tell him you
know I'm taking care of you I'm taking
care of you everything's gonna be great
let me go ahead and distract you by the
others let me go ahead and distract you
by the Mexicans oh we gotta talk about
the border wall so as long as he keeps
touting this border wall and as long as
he keeps distracting them with hatred
toward foreigners they'll be happy
they'll be happy as long as he keeps
blaming others and I think Anna is
absolutely right I mean you know it's
funny because you're thinking what
Jack's mechanism which sense he talks
about West Virginia and then an is he
actually right here's how you take care
of the West Virginia you feed them a
cookie full of hay those brown people
coming over here they're the biggest
problem with this country and there's a
bigger problem with this administration
and we've seen it from the very start
you have a bunch of people who've never
done anything that most of them have
never admitted
stirred much of anything at all and
they're all running huge complex
government agencies in charge of very
important policy like an epidemic of
this sort that is killing people in this
country you know I think of Rick Perry
who's over there at energy he doesn't
know what the hell he's doing right he
couldn't find his butt with both hands
and filled with people like that and
they're running important agencies and
handling important policy living
disagree with you guys in part because I
hear you guys for people who don't have
family members involved in the opioid
crisis
easy enough boy a wall the Mexicans did
it okay yeah charge right and do they
know that Nina Schaefer is not actually
an expert on those up there no idea they
know Kellyanne Conway is running this
instead of that the experts in the field
they have no idea so I agree with you
guys on all that but the one thing is
for the people who have been affected by
the opioid crisis and I'm reminded of
the dad who went around supporting Trump
and played the guitar at all at a lot of
his rallies and he was so excited that
Trump was gonna help and then come to
find out the Trump's not helping at all
in fact this this office that's within
the executive branch Trump's gonna cut
its budget by ninety five percent I mean
they're they're pretty brazen about it
so the and that was even before the
ninety five percent cut that dad came on
he's like I don't it doesn't look like
he's doing anything I'm I'm starting to
worry so if you had a family member who
suffered through this you know it wasn't
the Mexicans you know that they have
pill mills all over West Virginia you
know that it was started with the
pharmaceutical companies and the
oxycontin's and other drugs and you know
that if first of all though those drugs
are killing half the people alone before
they even go to heroin and you know that
those are the drugs that are leading to
heroin and the real gateway drugs
because you lived it you know whether it
was your son or your daughter or your
dad or your grandma because it's now all
the different generations because people
go to the hospital to get a travel with
their back they saket hooked on the
painkillers so you know it ain't the
mexicans so i think there's just there
when it gets that people actually
affected i think there is a limit to how
much they've been tricked up i think you
give them way too much I think yes
there's some portion especially the the
gentleman that you just mentioned
they get it right but this is also the
same demographic that has experienced
you know so-called trickle-down
economics and they're still supporting
it they've they've already experienced
what it's done to their wages what it's
done to their lives and they still
support that ideology I don't know I
just I feel like there's some portion a
significant portion of trumps base that
will stand by him and believe anything
he has to say
he was right he could literally murder
someone on Fifth Avenue and they'd still
support him you just watch the video by
the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
