this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket com marijuana legalization
has gained quite a bit of momentum the
majority of Americans do want marijuana
legalized either for medicinal or
recreational use and apparently this is
something that the White House does not
like and we now know that because of a
super secretive group of people that
they put together to spread nonsense
propaganda demonizing marijuana now
BuzzFeed originally broke the story
about this committee and now the
committee had no choice but to
acknowledge its existence so who are
these people it's the White House's
Office of National Drug Control Policy
or ONDCP and they've acknowledged the
committee's existence in a letter to a
Democratic senator seeking information
in light of BuzzFeed's news report so
what's problematic about this group is
not only the lack of transparency
regarding its existence but what they
specifically seek out so the ONDCP
acting director James Carroll says that
the intent of the Marijuana Policy
Coordinating Committee is to work with
federal and state partners to assess
rapidly changing drug markets but in
reality what this group of people has
tried to do is find any and all negative
evidence or anything negative regarding
marijuana to essentially undo the
legalization efforts that have succeeded
on a state level the committee
complained in one memo that the
narrative around marijuana is unfairly
biased in favor of the drug and said it
wanted to turn the tide on increasing
marijuana use never mind the fact that
we still have a massive opioid problem
in the country and maybe we should spend
our resources trying to figure out what
to do about that rather than wasting
resources on a drug that you literally
can't overdose on but nonetheless what
would you expect from trumps
administration where the Attorney
general is yeah the Attorney General is
so anti-pot that he can you can't even
hide it yeah so this is the area that
Trump and and sessions do agree on you
know at this late juncture I'm still
naive enough that I was like oh maybe
they kept a secret because they were
also going to look at the positive
influences of marijuana or the
consequences setter of smoking it and
and then that's why they wanted to keep
it secret because they're against
marijuana being legal and they don't
want it to leak that they're looking at
scientific reports that show both
negative and positive effects of
marijuana how ridiculous of me of course
that so and then they sly and say oh no
we're looking at it both no it turns out
the memos instructed fourteen agencies
and the Drug Enforcement Administration
to submit quote data demonstrating the
most significant negative trends on the
drug only asking for negative
information about marijuana and as you
know others in the field are pointing
out and in fact a senator from Colorado
is pointing out Michael Bennett he's
saying if you look at scientifically
peer-reviewed studies and you looked at
negative and positive that's what we
want you to do because number one we've
already looked at the exam we know what
they say that overall actually has more
positive effects than negative affects
not to say it doesn't have any negative
effects right plus number two if you've
got other studies that I didn't see
great I want to see that because I
actually believe in science right if
they found out studies that marijuana
has long-term damage okay I'd be super
interested in that I wouldn't want to
hide that I'd want to know right but
these guys are not honest actors so no
and of course it turns out the committee
they didn't want to talk about it cuz
secretly they were asking everybody just
give us negative stuff about marijuana
so we can prove our case against it
whether it's true or untrue who cares
who cares Jeff Sessions and Donald Trump
have decided marijuana is evil well look
as we all know there is a lot of money
to be made through the continued
Bishan of marijuana on a federal level
you know the DEA it's easy it's it's
low-hanging fruit for the DEA it's
low-hanging fruit for private prisons
it's low-hanging fruit for anyone who
makes money pretending like they
actually think the drug war works and
more importantly what happened knew
we're against big government this is the
definition of big government like don't
get me wrong I would like actual studies
to be done on marijuana and one of the
biggest issues is that scientists were
unable to conduct peer-reviewed studies
because of the prohibition on marijuana
they were not able to get approved by
the federal government in order to
obtain the marijuana they had to ask the
federal government for access to it and
there's literally one place where they
can get it and the federal government
kept saying no no no no no why because
they don't want the evidence showing
that this is far less harmful than the
pharmaceutical drugs that are being
pumped out into the public on a daily
basis so in pharmaceutical companies
hate marijuana too because guess what
you can't control it right it's not
something that needs to be created in a
lab it's something that you can grow in
your backyard if you genuine genuinely
wanted to and they hate that they hate
that they can't profit off of it and you
know I think it's too late for them I
think that there would be so much outcry
if they tried to make it illegal and
let's keep it real are you conservatives
you guys are puffing up after work
totally yeah no no there's two sides on
this issue and it actually does not
break down necessarily to conservatives
and liberals it breaks down to
politicians and non politicians
non politicians the juries end mandate
it's like hey it says 60 and now nearing
70% of Americans who believe in at least
medical marijuana legalization but the
number grows every single day on
recreational legalization that's well
over 50%
I think that's around 60% now I don't
have the polls in front of me but I
remember doing the stories earlier about
it and do Republicans smoke pot of
course they do of course they do and
there's nothing wrong with that do
Republicans drink beer yes they would do
that as well so did never gonna see
those are real people but the
politicians there's money to be made so
they ain't give a damn and there
people to demonize and demagogue and so
yes the Republicans are worse because
they're now going on a on a warpath on
on drugs they don't believe in science
and so they're you know doing all these
things yes on the other hand Barack
Obama you smoked pot you got away with
it
you didn't go to prison mm-hmm you were
president for eight years yeah all the
opportunity in the world at a minimum to
say it's not a Schedule one drug which
means it's the most dangerous drug in
the country are you serious I mean come
on and he didn't have the moral courage
to at least make that simple incredibly
easy decision but no no no what will
people think of me what will my donors
think of the Democratic Party and what
will the Republicans say about me what
will FoxNews say how many people went to
prison under Obama's watch over
marijuana possession how many under Bush
and under Clinton and they all smoked
they all smoked and they sent millions
of people to prison for the same thing
that they did this so the hypocrisy of
the politicians on this is unbearable
two easy ways for Young Turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
