this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm the New York Times has
published a letter that Brett Kavanaugh
had handwritten in 1983 in fact this is
in June of 1983 he wrote a two-page lit
letter to seven of his friends regarding
beach week and the condo rental for that
week of celebrations I guess anyway so
we read through the letter and there are
two things that I want to point out to
you that I think are relevant to the
discussion now again during the hearing
involving Brett Kavanaugh and dr. Blasi
Ford Cavanaugh downplayed his alcohol
use quite a bit and apparently in this
letter he wrote whoever arrived first at
this condo should quote warn the
neighbors that were loud obnoxious
drunks with prolific pukers among us
advised them to go about 30 miles so
this again look dude you want a party
and Ocean City Maryland back in 1983 I
had a toss
nobody cares about that but why did you
say during the testimony that you didn't
have any issues with drinking I mean he
said over and over again that he liked
beer but that there were no issues when
on the issue of ralphing that he talked
about in his yearbook he can't help
himself
I had a sensitive stomach and you know
whether it was alcohol or maybe spicy
food dude it wasn't spicy food you
tricky you drank the excess and you
puked all the time now like if you had
just told the truth this letter would be
irrelevant okay so you were a prolific
puker who cares that's right because
look the fact that you like to party
when you're in college isn't indicative
of anything right it means that you're
human and so again I don't understand
why he felt the need to lie about it now
there's one other part of the letter
that stood out to me and again this
doesn't prove anything other than
the fact that he's not he wasn't some
innocent choirboy when he was in in
college so let me give you what he wrote
in the letter regarding women so he said
I think we are unanimous that any girls
we can beg to stay there are welcomed
with open and then he did the ellipsis
open what hmm so I mean I guess that's
up for interpretation but I would
interpret that as we would welcome them
with open legs or zippers or something
along those lines
look they're young guys trying to hook
up if you're just trying to hook up like
nope
we get it no problem etc but if you know
given the context of the allegations and
look don't get me wrong I get why he's
lying to Hey look they're gonna say that
just cuz I like to drink and I like to
puke and I like the girls that I did the
sexual assault but those things are not
necessarily connected you could have
told the truth and still said no of
course we partied like every kid does at
that age but that doesn't mean we do
sexual assaults that's a totally
different ballgame he just chose at
every turn to say some things that
weren't true I mean come on guys you
know it did minute you heard it if you
heard it while we were covering in live
or any other time when he said the the
ralphing might have been in reference to
eating spicy food so if you're the guy
who's defending him for come on he went
to Maryland he partied who cares right
you are also the guy who knows that
ralphing is referring to puking when
you're drinking not because oh I had a
little bit too much cajun food I know
it's come on the guy he does it over and
over again if you're a Republican you
told us how important perjury was and
how you had to impeach someone because
of perjury this is not about impeachment
this is about hey are you the one guy
out of 330 million people in the country
that we should put on the Supreme Court
does he really pass that test
with this endless series of nonsensical
lies on the go don't worry we got you
covered
you still listen to t whitey at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Playstore Oh
at TYT dot-com / podcast
