recently we told you guys about a
candidate who is going unchallenged in
Illinois for the Republican primary he's
running for Congress and his name is
Arthur Jones he is a well-known
Holocaust denier and recently Allison
camerata on CNN scored an interview with
him if you want to call it that way and
called him out on his Nazi tendencies
and the interview was explosive to say
the least let's take a look but your
website is filled with the most vile
rancid rhetoric I think I disagree with
you it's not violent rancid it's the
truth it is there's nothing on that
website that's not true yes I personally
put that stuff on there yeah I
personally picked off the articles on
there because they're true I can't help
each other and accept the truth listen I
can't help what you don't want to accept
the truth you you use media you've gone
absolutely nuts you think that elephant
leaves we revive from the grave or
something it's one man one man myself
that's standing for the truth
deep in this kind of crazy crackpot
theory but here's the larger point how
do you think that you are going to
represent the people of Illinois in this
district you have 700,000 people in your
district 7,000 of them are Jews to serve
that majority are white Christian
Patriots and I might add black Christian
Patriots Latino Christian patriotic they
don't little east and they Israeli Lobby
the Israeli Lobby controlled the
currency United States and the stuckness
into one war after another and that's
what I'm running against Wow luckily he
doesn't look like a hater one thing I
know he is is a patriotic
is that a kind of yacht that you goodbye
with the Republican tax cuts my favorite
part of that exchange was when he was
accusing Alison Camerata of going nuts
as she's quietly sitting there and and
trying to remain calm while he's losing
his mind did he did he say you Jews
media I wouldn't be surprised I don't
know who
yeah any of course on his website he has
all these theories about the Jews he is
made up he thinks that it's a
fabrication so it call me law school I
had a professor who was the prosecutor
at Nuremberg and he took over after
justice Jackson left and and so we
studied all the evidence and there was
overwhelming evidence of the Holocaust
so all these guys they don't know what
the hell they're talking about and you
know they it any why are we having this
discussion right the reason we're having
this discussion is because this guy's
actually running for Congress unopposed
on the Republican side now he's likely
gonna lose to a Democrat but it still is
a sad state of affairs it's a sad state
of affairs where people feel emboldened
to come forward and share that they have
these views I mean maybe he was
emboldened before and and we just hadn't
heard of him but he used to be a trump
supporter you want to know why he
stopped supporting Trump because he has
Jewish people surrounding him time to
time he didn't like the fact that Ivanka
Trump married a Jew really that guy
didn't like that huh I didn't see that
coming so now he's saying that you know
Trump is not for him he's not extremist
enough for his taste so at one point in
the interview he says I don't call
myself a Nazi she says you dress in Nazi
clothes and you celebrate Hitler's
birthday well yeah that part's true but
but he's like I left a Nazi Party back
in 1990 I mean I still attend Nazi
rallies and he is part of the white
people's party but what would leave you
with the impression that he's a nut so
why did you draw the line at being
called a Nazi your Nazi right your
ideology is in line with Nazi ideology
so why don't you own it and by the way
if the Holocaust didn't happen didn't
why do you like the Nazis right why are
the Nazis right about the Jews if the
Nazis never did anything to the Jews you
know you just need to stop criticizing
this this fine patriotic look
if you like this video bless your heart
we got a lot more where that came from
we do a full show every day Monday
through Friday come enjoy ad-free by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
