many people have either been fired or
forced to resign from the Trump
administration one of those individuals
was actually Trump's former director of
communications for the office of public
liaison
Omarosa Manigault now she has made the
transition from White House to reality
show she's appearing on Celebrity Big
Brother and there have been videos
released kind of teasing everyone of
what she's likely to do or say in the
show and we have this to show you take a
look I felt like it was like a call to
duty I felt like I was serving my
country nice serve again whenever was it
I'm accepting a political appointment it
was always about the country like I was
haunted by tweet every single day like
what is equal to tweet next does anybody
say to him what are you doing I mean I
tried to be that person and then all the
people around him attacked me was I keep
her away from don't give her access
don't let her talk to him but it's like
the August there - it's there and it's
who has that power to say what's going
on no not there
I don't it's not like it's not my circus
not my monkeys you know I'd like to say
not my problem but I can't say that
because should we be worried okay so all
right let's break you down first of all
I share your disdain for those shows
Anna no I have utter disdain for her and
the reason why I say it is you oh you
did it because you wanted to serve your
country no serve yourself you want to
serve yourself she is obsessed with the
tension obsessed with being famous and I
hate the fact that everyone's talking
about her including us she's just she's
a terrible person okay
no she cares so much Anna did you see
her crying she's so worried and I love
how they whisper as if you're not on
national television you know we can hear
you right the whole country can hear you
and you do know that so but you know you
you set up a circus you shouldn't be
surprised when clowns show up so they
knew that Omarosa was a reality show
star and she was on Donald Trump's
reality show so she creates drama
wherever she goes that's literally what
she's known for the only thing she's
famous for is creating drama are we
surprised that she went for the White
House oh my god could you imagine if
Obama had staffers that he got from
reality shows is there anyone on reality
shows and they were like oh my god what
is happening with Obama scares me so
much is there going to be a single day
during Trump's reign where I'm not
devastatingly embarrassed like it this
is embarrassing more than anything I
mean come on you have someone going from
reality show to the White House now to
the reality show talking about the state
of the country and how dangerous Trump
is on
Oh Celebrity Big Brother didn't even
know Big Brother was still around it's
still around it's still people still
watch Big Brother I don't even know Big
Brother is about what are we doing with
our life in the White House by the way
has turned into Big Brother they also
sang she's spying on Rasmus so but why
are we surprised the president is a
reality star
he's a reality show star al Barroso was
not in showed which leads us to ride
show skirt quote okay so Raj Shah who is
the deputy press secretary in the Trump
administration actually kind of
corroborated some of what Omarosa said
he was quoted as saying
Omarosa was fired three times on the
apprentice and this was the fourth time
we let her go she had limited contact
with the president while here which is
what she was claiming and she has no
contact now okay so maybe you should
have thought twice before you hired a
person you fired three times earlier on
a reality show - I think Jessie Jackson
would have put it this way from the
outhouse to the White House to the
outhouse okay I mean this is an absolute
circus and Ana's right anybody else then
the wrestler we're looking in on this
has got to be saying America has lost
its frickin mind apps so they've turned
a whole thing into a soap opera which
reminded me of a scene that I saw from a
soap opera that I wanted to share with
you guys this is a little over the top
it's from an Indian soap opera but is it
really that much different than what's
going on in the Trump White House let's
watch
that innocence is now the white house if
you liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
