Steve Wynn one of the top donors to the
Republican Party one of the top donors
to Donald Trump in fact the recently
organized dinner for Donald Trump
attended by donors to the tune of
$100,000 a plate jeezum Lord Mersey he's
given millions of dollars to Republicans
are rolling just this last cycle now but
then it turned out that there have been
an enormous amount of allegations of
sexual harassment and assault
yesthey win who owns huge casinos in
Vegas and in China and that story was
broken and seems to be incredibly real
and credible and so Steve Wynn has
stepped down as the RNC finance chair I
mean that's a gigantic role and also
even as CEO of his own Wynn organization
so I guess he's not winning anymore oh
okay
but if there's one thing I know about
Republicans they cannot stand sexual
harassers especially once I give money
to a political party now I know this
because the head of the RNC Ronald
McDonald had earlier talking about
Harvey Weinstein and how he'd given
money to the Democrats here she is
tweeting at the time whose side is
Hillary Clinton on Harvey Weinstein's
or his victims oh that's a great
question well Democrats returned all the
wise scene money I wonder if we're gonna
ask that question there a problem is in
a minute anyway let's keep going
Ronny McDaniel also had said where's
Hillary Clinton where she's standing on
this issue
she's been silent her silence is
deafening so that was a couple of days
now when's been accused for well over a
week the Republicans oh yeah they slap
his money but we'll get to that one more
from Ronald she said this is something
Republicans and Democrats should agree
on that it is despicable and you should
have Democrats returning those donations
well okay where she's very clear on that
in fact here she is on television
talking about it well the RNC
giving back those donations made by
Steve Wynn we're talking hundreds of
thousands of dollars Sean Spicer last
night saying absolutely the RNC should
give those back
so the allegations in The Wall Street
Journal were deeply troubling they were
so troubling that within 24 hours Steve
was no longer our finance chair but
Steve has denied these allegations
unlike Harvey Weinstein and Al Franken
and others Steve has denied them there
is an investigation that's gonna take
place he should be allowed due process
and if he is found of any wrongdoing we
will absolutely return a hundred percent
of that money but we're gonna let due
process take place so fair to say
there's no plans right now to give those
donations back we're gonna let the
investigation take place in other words
no now that was back January 30th have
they given the money back yet nope so
that was recently now let's go to an ad
that the Republicans ran back in October
because I know they care deeply about
this issue let's watch our society still
does not sufficiently value women we
still don't condemn sexual assault as
loudly as we should women's rights are
human rights and human rights are
women's rights and I believe that with
all my heart we make excuses we look the
other way I went to 112 countries for
all of you I raised it in every country
the message that sense can have a
chilling effect on our young women I
looked across the table at dictators and
authoritarians and chauvinists and
sexist and misogynist
yeah I want to start by thanking Harvey
Weinstein but he is a wonderful human
being a good friend and just a
powerhouse
we turn all the dirty money from Harvey
Weinstein so will the Republicans that
have gotten money from Seawind returned
the money
well let's now go do you heard from
Rhonda McDaniel saying mm well let an
investigation happen we'll come back to
that concept in a second now we're gonna
go to the Republican Senatorial
Committee Chairman Cory Gardner let's
hear from him
so it's chairman of the NRC what are you
planning to do with that hundred
thousand dollars linked to Steve Wynn
look we're considering what make sure we
do the appropriate action will you
donate away that money from Steve Wynn
yeah we're gonna take the appropriate
action that's something that I think
we've always been a prideful on making
sure that we do the appropriate action
but mention that's what we're talking
about that's the committee so no
decisions been made yet no no are we
returning the money nope
the silence appears to be definite later
in that interview he wanted to say what
well did the Democrats to return the YC
money in the anchor was like yeah you
think well we don't have to do what the
Democrats are doing okay I got you
so now we go to mediate Joseph Wilson
saying when asked if the GOP will give
back was reported three hundred and
seventy-five thousand dollars in
contributions McDaniel insisted that win
quote should be allowed due process now
by the way three hundred seventy five
thousand is actually among the smaller
donations win made will trump your back
wins donations and the money he raised
through all those events of course I
think I'm mothering to ask him it's
Donald Trump of course not gonna return
the money so how about the GOP overall
well they say due process but as well
some points out here
despite when having stepped down from
the RNC as well as from his own company
RNC chair Rhonda McDaniels taking the
innocent until proven guilty route a
virtually meaningless stance says when
likely will never stand trial so wait
when do we get to prove he's guilty
there are no criminal charges right now
so by that standard Oh golly gee I guess
we'll have to keep the money forever
okay they
one other standard even as recently as
yesterday when it was announced that
Wynn was resigning from Wynn Resorts an
RNC spokeswoman reiterated their
position that quote unless a board
investigation finds him guilty of
wrongdoing they won't be giving back the
money how could a board do an
investigation if he's already stepped
down they're basically rubbing your face
in it they're like idiot Democrats we
got you to give away your money and we
pounded you we ran ad after ad about it
and we said you were the worst etc when
it comes to us very similar allegations
we're just gonna keep the money what you
can do about it now it's not just
because they want the money they
actually by the way the RNC at this
point has literally tens of millions of
dollars more than the DNC does they're
in great financial shape because the
donors were thrilled with their tax cuts
so they're pouring money into the RNC so
it's done not that they need the
$375,000 it's to send a message to fold
one is we never admit to anything we
never give an inch we make the Democrats
give up everything we make the Democrats
kill off their own senators their
everything else and then we never
reciprocate because that's that's how we
roll and so if you don't like it who
cares and our voters they don't mind at
all okay so every time we've talked
about sexual harassment or sexism or
anything related to Democrats it was all
just politics we don't care about the
issue at all
that's the message number one message
number two is and the more important one
because it's more practical in their
case if you're a rich donor and you did
a lot of scummy things we don't care
look we got your back we'll take your
money we'll keep your money we'll keep
on defending you the Democrats will sell
you out they'll call you a bad guy and
and they'll return the money us know if
you're a scumbag millionaire or a
billionaire the Republican Party is home
for you and we've got your back no
matter what you do that's the message
being said here they're sending it to
the rest of their donors don't worry you
can trust us we're never going to throw
you under the bus
no matter what you did No there you go
that's the Republican Party if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole younger
so every day
