there's something curious going on in
Syria we actually have done a pretty
good job of wiping out Isis but Trump
isn't bragging about now have you say
well that's because he didn't really
change Obama's policies at all it's the
same strategy that Obama was using you
think that would stop Trump did he do
anything particularly great about the
stock market rise no it was the same
trajectory as under Obama ideas there
was me it was gloomy before me no it's
awesome and then when it crashes it was
Obama it was Obama right so it's weird
that he is not taking credit for the
serious downgrading in Isis's
capabilities in Syria and Iraq
perhaps I have an answer it's because
the military-industrial complex doesn't
want you to think the problem is solved
because they'd like to stay now what are
they doing in Syria
why are we staying in what are we up to
again gets very little coverage in this
case orders doing a good job of
explaining the latest in the fighting
more than a hundred fighters aligned
with the Syrian President Bashar al
Assad were killed overnight when the
u.s. coalition and coalition back local
forces repelled their attack in eastern
Syria a US official said on Thursday
wait what's our policy are we fighting
Assad or are we not fighting Assad first
of all Obama was never clear on this he
said all we're gonna get Isis and I
don't like Assad what does that mean
does that mean we're fighting Assad or
are we not fighting Assad then Trump
comes in and goes I don't really care
about US side I just want to fight Isis
so then why are you fighting Assad why
do we just have this battle okay US
officials said we suspect Syrian
pro-regime forces were attempting to
seize terrain SDF had liberated from
daesh in September of 2017
so since cable news has never covered
this you're probably wondering what are
those words he just used okay
SDF are local Syrian forces kind of that
are on our side kind of so they fight
against Isis but they also fight against
the Syrian government so we want to
protect them are they good guys
other people who we have supported in
Syria were connected to al-qaeda oops
and and what are where does SDF actual
loyalties lie no one knows so and iishe
is another word for Isis so since
they've wiped out Isis in some important
parts of Syria there's now a turf war
between the Syrian government and us as
to who's gonna control oil fields why
what are we doing there if we're
fighting Assad and I don't agree to
doing that but if we are okay then let's
fight him and let's declare that and
have a clear policy if we're not
fighting Assad and Isis is almost wiped
out okay let's clean up the remnants of
Isis and not attack the Syrian
government and then get the hell out but
instead let's just stir up the pot cause
more war make more money and not let the
American people know about it in reports
that appear to confer the officials
comments confirm the officials comment
syrian state media said the us-led
coalition against Islamic state had
bombed pro-government forces east of the
Euphrates River in dan al-zor province
one of the state TV outlets reported
dozens of dead and wounded
so both I know this is confusing
but both the Syrian government and us
and these SDF guys were all fighting
against Isis Isis is losing now they
attack the Syrian government according
to the all these officials attack SDF
and then hence us because we're sitting
there like sitting ducks in the middle
they attack us we counter-attack and we
kill dozens of their guys because we're
trying to decide who should have more
turf of Syria get out get out get out
get out okay syrian state media said on
Thursday the us-led coalition had bombed
popular forces fighting Islamic state
and the Syrian democratic forces east of
the Euphrates River why are we bombing
guys who are fighting Isis does anybody
even want to ask that question we have a
White House press corps look I I don't
mind them asking about the tweets
unfortunate
the president says policy his tweets are
important god help us all but can you
also ask hey who are we bombing in Syria
and why what American interest does a
serve does it mesh with Donald Trump's
stated campaign promises and what are we
gonna leave are we ever going to leave
what is our objective and why are we
getting in mesh in a further civil war
in Syria
those are monumentally important
questions and one that the mainstream
media almost never asks you just watch
the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
