the Labor Department is proposing a
regulation that would impact the amount
of tips that people in the service
industry earn and this is something that
Democrats in the Senate are trying to
fight against but the Labor Department
under the Trump administration seems
very likely to move forward with this
regulation now let me give you the
details on what it is in a letter to
labor secretary Alex Acosta 24 Senate
Democrats said the agency needed to bail
on the measure because officials
concealed evidence from the public
projecting a significant loss in money
for millions of tipped employees across
the country so the Labor Department
leaders had suppressed an internal
analysis showing workers could lose
billions of dollars in tips if the
agency enacted the rule is proposed so
what is the rule in order for you to
understand it you have to kind of go
back in time and see what the Obama
administration did and what the Labor
Department wants to undo back in 2011
the Labor Department instituted a
regulation limiting the scenarios in
which restaurants can force employees to
share their tips with colleagues so come
to me for a second basically what was
happening was restaurant owners were
forcing their employees to pool their
tips and then they would basically give
out the tips to all employees based on
whatever you know procedure they had at
that restaurant that was a little
problematic because you would have
waiters waitresses bartenders bartend
races losing a significant amount of
their bottom line and they make
significantly less than other people in
the industry and what I mean by that is
they don't have to get paid minimum wage
since they get paid in tips they can get
paid as little as four dollars an hour
for instance because the tips are
supposed to make up for it so that was
an issue the Obama administration sweeps
in and says we need to regulate this to
make sure there isn't any mismanagement
of these tips
now Trump's Labor Department wants to do
away with the rule so management from a
restaurant could do as it pleases with
servers and bartenders tips so long as
they are paid a full minimum wage
before gratuities so you might be
wondering well what's the big deal if
they're getting paid minimum wage why
are we concerned about this well the way
that this new regulation by the Labor
Department is written it includes a bit
of a loophole that allows the restaurant
owners to pocket some of that tip money
when federal agencies release a major
rule also like this one they typically
put out a study showing what its
economic effects would be the Labor
Department did not do that in this case
Claire McCaskill started hounding them
about doing the study and they have
refused to even respond so again the
loophole in addition to the fact that
they're refusing to release data about
how this would negatively impact workers
in the foodservice industry make Senate
Democrats uneasy this should be called
the small business or business
Department because clearly they're
pulling away at any sort of protection
or any sort of law that is on the side
of anybody who's a laborer right there
is there's nothing that is protecting
them and they're trying to deregulate as
much as they can and what is really
insidious about what they did was that
they also told staffers to try to
manipulate the the stats in a way to
make it appear to not be as alarming as
it is right and so we already know then
check that's why they do release the
report right but also we got to
understand what's happening with this
they're taking money out of the pockets
of low-wage workers and then trying to
put it in the pockets in the hands of
businesses that they're obsequious to
and so this is this is the stuff that we
need to talk about when we're talking
about what Trump policy does on an
everyday level and how this man who run
who ran on the idea that he was
anti-establishment for the little guy is
consistently you know snuggling up to
his corporate friends and donors yes
exactly exactly so the the only people
that are in favor of what the Labor
Department is proposing to do are people
in the restaurant industry and I'm not
talking about the actual workers I'm
talking about the people who run the
and and it it worries me because I mean
think about what is your incentive to do
a great job as a server in the food
industry if you know that your tips are
gonna be snatched from you based on
whatever policy the manager the
restaurant manager the restaurant owner
has right also it also opens the door as
you say in addition to maybe there being
this disincentive now that or certainly
curbing your incentive which is
financial there's it also opens the door
to sexual harassment right your money's
now being controlled by a manager a /
owner who can affect whether or not
you're gonna get those tips or how much
are going to get I mean it creates
another level of corruption frankly that
that has all sorts of problems
associated with it so it's just a it's a
real and and really you make such a good
point it's you know if the rhetoric of
Trump was all about the little guy but
we knew it was BS when he was saying I'd
be his rhetoric was all about draining
the swamp then of course it's just never
been swampy er than it is now but this
is just one more element in now it
affects small business as well if you
like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
