BuzzFeed has investigated the social
media site tumblr to see whether or not
it was riddled with the same issues that
other social media sites like Facebook
dealt with during the 2016 election did
Russian trolls try to pose as certain
groups of people to push fake stories in
order to divide the American electorate
and what they found was yes there were
similar issues with tumblr that people
were completely unaware of until today
now the accounts allegedly shared
content on issues on issues such as
police violence to appeal to young
African Americans in fact the
individuals posting some of these fake
news stories or misleading news stories
were really individuals from the
internet research agency posing as black
Americans now popular posts criticized
Democratic presidential candidate
Hillary Clinton supported independent
senator Bernie Sanders and highlighted
police violence against black
communities in one case they shared a
story that showed a black woman you know
allegedly being sexually assaulted by a
cop and they identified the cop is a
current police officer with the NYPD it
was fake and that is incredibly scary to
know that you know your name
you could be an innocent person an
innocent cop and your name is attached
to this type of propaganda now it's
important to keep in mind that this
isn't just done to support Trump's
candidacy it was May it was basically
done in order to divide Americans in
general caused chaos among the
electorate to give you a perfect quote
to kind of sum this up one researcher
said it's not about promoting one
candidate or message but about sowing
political distrust and confusion and
feeding into fears that society is
already having tumblr is really popular
among teenagers who are very vulnerable
and very susceptible to political
messages because they haven't formed
political identities just yet and and
she's right about that so and the reason
why they were able to determine that the
research agency which is essentially
that Russian troll farm was involved in
the fake posts on tumblr is because they
used similar usernames on tumblr as they
did on other social media sites so they
were able to kind of track that and find
what was going on I kind of have mixed
feelings around the story was there
Russian interference in our election for
sure and were there posts that were
leading up swing voters yes probably but
I think the tone of this article and the
suggestion that black folks would fall
for some of the stuff to maybe not go to
the polls or vote for Trump and it's not
they're not making that explicit
correlation or connection that's a
little insulting because there's been a
lot of rhetoric post-election that black
people because they didn't come out in
significant droves or percentages like
they did for Obama that they are the
ones who were responsible for the Dems
failing right that's ya know there been
op eds who've tri tried to suggest this
and I feel like this kind of is a little
consistent with this argument this sort
of dependency on black folks who are
overwhelmingly Democrat Party of the
Democratic Party to save America it's
the kind of rhetoric we also saw in
what's the Senate race with the
pedophiles Roy Moore dunk Jones isn't
the pedophile and it's thank you it was
actually an acknowledgement of black
folks saving that election for sure but
it also was this expectation that they
would do it right so I don't I don't
know if it's the same thing
because yeah I actually haven't come
across the same op as that you're
talking about but anyone who would blame
black Americans for Trump's win I mean
that is one of the most ridiculous
things I've ever heard right but with
that said I think that there was a
concerted effort by foreign actors to
you know take the racial tensions that
were very obvious in America and just
stoke those tensions or that for sure
you know further divide the country on
issues because I myself came across the
very story that I just mentioned right
now of the you know young black woman
being assaulted by what appeared to be a
cop and I saw it on Instagram I saw the
video footage on Instagram and you know
the description of it being a New York
police officer and I like researched it
immediately because I thought if this is
true this is a story that I'd want to
cover and sure enough I found that it
was completely false and I don't know if
the account that had shared it was a
real account but it had a ton of views
and a ton of angry people and so I think
it was more about dividing the country
and more than you know drinking right
this is about dirtying up the election
process it was about dirtying up the
democratic process it seems clear that
there was a placement in a big way I
mean sort of a carpet bombing of social
media by the Russians and I know that
TYT viewers I know Jimmy Dore and we can
go back and forth on this and whether or
not it had an influence on on the
outcome of the election was less
important than just dirtying up the
process and so you saw this fake video
you saw the and that's along racial
lines you also saw the fake Muslim video
with that that was along religious lines
they were trying to take existing
divisions these these schisms in
American society and make them greater
and you'd have to say that to the extent
that social media has an impact they
were successful along with a lot of
other disinformation out there but it
seems as though this was just one
component in their overall tactic for me
this is a lot less about the outcome of
the election it's more about what we all
felt during that election which was this
you know almost tangible anger it was it
was crazy everyone was down each other's
throats
everyone was angry everyone was sharing
stuff that was propaganda I saw it all
over my newsfeed and so the reason why I
bring these stories up is not to get
into this debate about why Hillary lost
I'm much less concerned with that I'm
more concerned about what Americans are
reading how they're being influenced and
whether or not there's a way that we can
prevent
this type of propaganda coming from
foreign actors in the future and if you
don't care about that issue I don't know
what's wrong with you I really don't
well but I think we have to understand
that we are in some sort of protracted
experience of the Cold War and this is
very much a cold war tactic that like
the Soviet government and China had used
against the US was exploiting how bad
they were on anti-blackness to them
either by like embracing black figures
and allowing them to come visit like
Paul Robeson Vicki Garvin in China got a
teaching position there people who were
critical of the US government even Gamal
Abdel Nasser who was president of Egypt
what he did was one of the girls who was
not allowed to attend University in in
an area that was supposed to be
integrated he allowed her to get a
scholarship to Egypt to study so I think
this is part of a larger political
diplomatic sort of strategy but it it is
underhanded for sure and we've done
similar sort of things as well it's a
diplomatic strategy by whom by the
Russians I mean they I mean because
because I mean look the the Democrats or
I should say the the progressives who
think they're more progressive than
everyone else that consistently defend
the Russians did you forget the fact
that Russians are now persecuting the
gay community in pretending like you
know back in 2012 when you had Pussy
Riot imprisoned for two years over
nonsense over protesting in a Catholic
Church liberals and progressives were
outraged by it but now all of a sudden
you know you throw Hillary into the mix
you throw 2016 election in the mix and
it's like oh we got to protect the
Russians let's just keep it real for a
second election for a second okay
because this is it goes way further than
the election for me it has to do with
bad actors bad foreign actors trying to
spread propaganda and division among our
electorate and we need to do something
to prevent it from happening in the
future
right right no I agree with you on that
I totally I I definitely get into these
debates all the time with the
ultra-leftist with anti-imperial
leftist about what Russia is now right
the Russia that they defended during the
Cold War and the same Russia exactly
it's put into Russia this is a Russia
that is basically somebody who headed
the intelligence branch of the
government who wants to resurrect the
Russian Empire I mean this is a stated
goal right and so also very violent in
Syria and Ukraine as well and and
leftist haven't held Putin's Russia to
account in those regards either and the
violations when comes to freedom of
expression for journalists and for
artists for sure what I my basic point
was that we have to look back at history
to understand the tactics that were used
in the Cold War to understand this
moment as not an aberration but as
consistent with some of the strategies
that were used yes dad I agree with you
on and and to Anna's point I think in
that regard this is an ongoing problem
it's not like it just ramps up right
before the election we noticed a spike
in it before the election but this is
the notion that this propaganda could
begin to flood these social media
networks there's so much many more ways
to get that disinformation and
propaganda out into and we sleep up
again I mean it's not as though they're
even taking facts and spinning them
these are completely false stories
completely fake two videos that Stokes
divisions in this country and as a
result it muddies the water of what's
real and what's not and what what
divisions are are worthy of our
attention and what divisions are not if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now t YT
network.com slash join get the whole
young turks show every day
