a federal lawsuit has been filed against
a sheriff in Tennessee his name is Adi
Shoop of White County Tennessee and this
federal lawsuit has been filed by a
widow a woman who lost her husband in a
shooting that Sheriff
Shoop was very supportive of now the man
who lost his life was Michael Dyle and
he was in a low speed pursuit involving
a cops who wanted to pull him over
because of a suspended license now he
was driving an incredibly old truck a
40-year old truck and as a result he
wasn't going very fast he couldn't go
very fast and cops wanted to essentially
Ram him off the road by kind of nudging
him with one of the police cruisers when
the sheriff found out that they were
attempting to utilize that tactic he
wasn't very happy about it he didn't
want to damage one of his police
cruisers so he advised the cops to
essentially shoot this guy and they did
they shot at his vehicle and Michael
Dyle lost his life as a result when a
deputy had successfully nudged dial off
the road reserve deputy Adam West who
was in pursuit in his own personal
vehicle fired three shots as the vehicle
went down into a ditch dile died of a
gunshot wound to the head all right so
with that said we have some evidence of
what the sheriff had said he didn't
realize that his commentary was being
picked up by another cops body cam
before we get to what he was saying on
the scene let's take a look at the first
video that shows what the scene of the
chase looked like take a look
okay so again the cops had successfully
nudged him off the road his car was
already in a ditch and at that point one
of the cops exits his vehicle and
immediately starts shooting no questions
asked
keep in mind this was over a suspended
license this wasn't and it was during a
very slow pursuit 40 to 50 miles per
hour max because his vehicle was so old
really you think that someone should
lose their life over a suspended license
I mean come okay so there's that part of
the story we have more damning evidence
against the sheriff in just a moment but
I want to open it up to the panel well
I'm just gonna make one point I think
it's an important thing that you that
you hint at here which is that
oftentimes when cops address the issue
of using deadly force its if this person
in this case that they're pursuing is a
threat to the community I mean if it
were like a heavily populated area and
they're driving recklessly and very fast
and I mean it would still be something
that they would likely be quite hesitant
to do but at least then they could wrap
their head around the logic of using
deadly force but as Anna says slow speed
chase rural road he's already off the
road it amounts to an execution and he
doesn't represent any threat to the
community and keep in mind I mean the
sheriff ordered the cops to take them
out by any means necessary
and what you're about to hear is even
worse because the sheriff apparently
thinks hey you know what this is the
right thing to do this is the kind of
stuff I live for okay let's take a look
at the next video the cop by the way is
distraught after the shooting occurred
and the sheriff basically tries to calm
him down pay close attention to what he
says good you call you out tell me
you're all that you don't want for that
I made the state you don't work I took
their wait yo you don't have worry about
that
- are you done just exactly right I told
you that told you done the right thing
like hey you done the right thing you
kept some button get killed this food
was crazy car you offer there is
everything good
my decision you don't have to worry
about that if you got your phone we're
good don't worry I'll take care all
right we're about this at all of course
you're not worried about this at all I
mean we've already set a precedent in
this country we're an hour unarmed
person can get shot for something as
minor as driving without a suspended or
driving with a suspended license and you
know the community will back you guys up
politicians will back you guys up we've
set that standard and it's sad to know
that people can easily lose their lives
over something like this
I mean so many thoughts around this one
of course that this is a situation of
aggressive aggressive force that was
uncalled for
and there's even additional tape that
was picked up by the body cam where the
sheriff actually says I thrive on this
we have that for you
you know I'm apologizing interrupting
you but I want to have the audience
listen to that and then I want you to
continue take a look I told them I said
take him out I've heard I don't give a
shit
it wasn't long after I said what Raymond
don't go Raymond shoot him fuck that
shit
you'll turn with cars oh but I got two
cars go up again Yeah right now we don't
know if Charlie shot him every battle
but I guarantee
and took it hard Hey he talked that big
shit now he's in the big league you know
if he can't take it easy to get out
Jason's gone I don't think I'll give a
damn or kill that motherfucker I love
this I thrive off of it yeah yeah and if
you can't take this you're in the big
leagues now this is not even a part of
your job description
this man was unarmed he did not pose a
threat a very active explicit threat and
we we always end up dismissing this
because we think and we are told the
propaganda the law enforcement is a very
deadly job right they don't even make
the top ten in terms of the most deadly
jobs I believe bartender is up in the
top ten so yeah so that should give you
an understanding of the context of
actually how how much they are over
armed over protected by the law and by
the weapons that they carry and the
other thing which was so interesting was
that he kept on using the phrase by any
means necessary by any means necessary
right and it's interesting because
somebody who was very famous for that
line Malcolm X who meant freedom justice
and equality we'll get to it by any
means necessary was vilified for
allegedly advocating violence and this
man is actually advocating violence by
any means necessary
he loves it he loves it didn't matter
what the offense was here it didn't
matter whether or not that person posed
a threat he very openly admitted without
realizing that that body cam was picking
up his audio then he loves taking these
people out you know it doesn't matter if
it's over a suspended license he
literally said that he didn't like the
fact that they were trying to ram the
cops were trying to ram him with the
police cruiser because he didn't want to
ruin one of his cop cars yeah and this
is a chase that for the most part was 30
to 40 miles an hour just to give you
some sense of it I mean we're used to
seeing these high-octane
chases where people are going
110 miles an hour and you can say well
you know your Adrenaline's going and you
know stuff happens this is a 30 to 40
mile an hour police chase it's and to
Anna's point guess what the Deputy
Attorney's investigation found it was
cleared yeah
no wrongdoing so there you go they they
know they can get away with it and this
sheriff he was a sheriff right I believe
yeah the sheriff in Tennessee he knows
that likely his officers can get away
with it
I mean how disturbing was it how
unnerved he was and to try to like
paternalistically calm somebody down who
shot somebody that didn't deserve to be
killed to be executed as Mark was saying
even worse you know to later criticize
the cop for being distraught over the
fact that he just shot and killed
someone basically telling him if you
can't handle this then you need to get
out of the force I'm paraphrasing
obviously you heard exactly what he said
I mean look there are so many issues at
play yes there is the problem of poor
police training but when we mentioned
the poor police training I feel like
oftentimes we're being overly fair or
overly generous there are significant
bad apples within the police force
that's sheriff being one of the primary
examples he is not a result of bad
training he is a bad actor there he has
no business being a cop so you know
we'll see how this plays out again
there's a federal lawsuit and and
hopefully the widow in this case gets
some form of justice you know after the
cops took her husband away over a
suspended license but the worst part
about these stories is how society
reacts to them and I just want everyone
to just take a moment to put themselves
in that woman's shoes and understand
what it feels like to lose a loved one
over a suspended license if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
