White House chief of staff John Kelly
was recently speaking about whether or
not Donald Trump plans on extending the
deadline for protections for daca
recipients as we know on March 5th the
protections for some of these daca
recipients is set to expire and there is
some worry that Congress isn't going to
pass something that will protect them
further into the future now recently
during an interview John Kelly said
don't think Trump is gonna extend that
March 5th deadline in fact here's his
exact quote he said the White House is
not so sure this president has the
authority to extend it I doubt very much
he also said something kind of
interesting about docker dreamers okay
and and he differentiated between the
daca recipients the individuals who
applied and got this protected status
and these workers visas and those who
did not now I want you to hear from him
yourselves so let's take a listen to the
first video I can't imagine many women
of goodwill who begged this president to
solve the problem of doctor and as
generous is that four pillars has been I
can't imagine
they would they would vote against it I
mean this is more than they could have
imagined and I would offer that if
before the champions of Daka were
members on on one side of the aisle I
would say right now the champion of all
people that a dr. Donald Trump he
believes that the current champion for
these daca recipients is Donald Trump
the person who essentially ended the
protected status for them with a
six-month delay until Congress can
figure out what to do that guy who's
holding these daca recipients hostage
over the issue of a border wall that's
the guy that's a guy who's a champion
for these dreamers who have been in the
country since they were children okay
they didn't make the decision to come
here they came here because family
members brought them in and in order to
get that protected status you have to
prove that you're a productive member of
society you have to prove that you're
educated that you're job creator that
you you add something to this country
it's not like anyone who applies gets
the protected status it's just so
incredibly frustrating because you guys
are right when you say that you know
Republicans will spend things and it
works it's slimy it sticks but to say
that Trump is the champion for these
daca recipients is just ridiculous
there's more about John Kelly than it
does about about any of the other people
in John Kelly every saw him you're like
oh this guy seems reasonable he's coming
in he's gonna fix the White House he's
somebody who thinks this guy is to me
they're all the same you know they are
all the same I'm waiting for it to
happen with James Madison to me the last
holdout of reasonability in that in that
whole world there well not to divert
completely on mattis but he's changed
his stance on nuclear I mean he's all of
a sudden gone scary like trumps we can
get to that another time but yeah I
agree I've sort of held mattis to a
higher standard I don't know about that
anymore and this is empty messaging this
is what they do you know it's it's
slogan ISM he's the champion for the
daca recipients and then the the base
sort of regurgitates that and Sean
Hannity says that over and over again
and it's BS obviously only Donald Trump
says that right I'm the best friend that
daca recipients of ever right
just regurgitate whatever Trump has to
say about himself yeah you know cult and
again if he genuinely Trump genuinely
cared about these daca recipients and
wanted to protect them then he would be
pressuring Congress to pass a standalone
bill that extends you know their workers
visas and their protection but he's not
doing that he's literally using them as
leverage in order to get what he wants
right and just the last thing because I
think you make a very important point
this is a group of people and and to
hold this over their head I mean and as
Anna said she ran through a couple the
statistics are overwhelming as to how
productive a group of people these daca
recipients are and to hold this over
their head I think is it's almost
inhuman as you read what I mean it
really it lacks any humanity I should
say that because if you read the stories
of those who've come here when they were
eight nine ten years old as teenagers
and they built lives the LA Times is
doing a series on this and they follow
through what's happening to these people
that they've built businesses and as
Anna says they've employed people and
they pay taxes and all of these things
that are associated with being a good
citizen and contributing to the society
and now to see this turned on its side
it's it's really it lacks a humanity
that that I think is not reflective of
America have either served or are
currently serving in our military I mean
it's just and again again the American
people in general are right on this
issue it is a popular proposal to
continue protecting these daca
recipients but again they're being used
as you know hostages in this ridiculous
debate over funding a border wall that
we do not need and isn't actually going
to help you know protect the border and
everybody in Congress knows we don't
need it and it's not going to help
protect the border it's so frustrating
fordable the border wall billions and in
taxpayer money to fund a wall that
members of Congress agree is a waste of
money okay so with that said let's go to
the second video and this is what I want
you to pay close attention to this is
where Sean Kelly tries to differentiate
between those who applied for daca
protection and those
did kind of of audio more than a body oh
there's a good word yes
take a listen there are six hundred
ninety thousand official daca
registrants and the president sent over
what amounts to be two and a half times
that number to 1.8 million the
difference between six ninety 1.8
million were the people that some would
say were too afraid to sign up others
would say we're too lazy to get off
their asses but they didn't sign up so
that seems like a small thing but the
reason why that stood out to me is
because it's the consistent messaging
that you hear from members of this White
House you know just like sometimes it's
very explicit and overt where they make
it seem as though you know these are
criminals and these are dangerous people
that we need to watch out for and then
sometimes it's a little more subtle like
the Lazy comment that he made right
there oh really where are your numbers
who says that some of them are lazy who
says that some of them are afraid like
he just kind of pulled that out of his
ass the ones in the military
lazy afraid the job creators lazy afraid
behind the military because they didn't
have bone spurs no I mean you're right
it's a smear and that's what they're
going to increasingly do they're going
to smear this group of people and we've
already and I won't do it again I've
talked about who they are and how they
don't deserve to be smeared but this is
what they do and Anna is right sometimes
it's a bull's-eye attack and sometimes
it's a kind of a side side swipe attack
and this is kind of in that side swipe
but either way it dirties up that group
so that Americans slowly begin to
rethink it if this becomes a front and
center issue be in the next month or so
and rethink Kelly I mean that's the
other thing that dirties up Kelly who
everybody had seen or not everybody but
a lot of people had come to rely on is
kind of a stabilizing force in the White
House who saw things and whispered in
the president's ear you can't say you're
the champion of daca recipients well now
he's saying it himself so it has that
effect too aside from yeah that's so
true you recalibrate I'm Kelly don't you
anna i mean ii yeah to be fair i mean i
think the reason why people on the Left
started seeing kelly in a more favorable
light is because relat
to other members of trumps
administration he seemed halfway decent
but you know I love the comment that you
made earlier Michael they're all the
same I mean maybe they're different in
their public rhetoric but overall when
it comes to ideology they're the same
and that sideswipe regarding daca not
talk about dreamers who didn't apply for
daca protection referring to them as
lazy is just another example of them
throwing that anti-immigrant propaganda
out there and by the way if he's
concerned about people not applying for
the protection in the future I mean
think about it put yourself in a dreamer
shoes would you do it would you go to
the government and say hey I'm applying
for protected status knowing that there
are you know bad actors like Donald
Trump and members of his cabinet that
would aggressively go after you in the
future if they don't get everything that
they want from Congress yeah well they
are the ice raids are the you know are
being played of so big and so
high-profile and so brutal and some of
these ice raids are separating families
right there on the spot without warning
they won't even let you go back for a
pair of shoes no random and symbolic
they're exactly there's and it's not
like this is well thought out and so to
Anna's point I mean of course you it
makes you think two and three times
before you want to register with the
government I mean I I certainly would
want to yeah you want to stay in the
shadows it's just the opposite effect of
that what you want you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
