so Donald Trump is considering whether
he's going to go talk to a special
counsel robert muller apparently his
lawyers are split on this issue
Ty Cobb thinks that he should go talk to
Muller and cooperate with him fully and
get the investigation done as soon as
possible because Donald Trump is
innocent all the other lawyers for
Donald Trump are saying in unison and
and the New York Times has the story and
as you'll see there's a good reason for
him to duck lawyers for President Trump
have advised him against sitting down
for a wide-ranging interview with
special counsel Robert as smaller the
third according to four people briefed
on the matter let's find out why his
lawyers are concerned that the president
who has a history of making false
statements and contradicting himself
could be charged with lying to
investigators yeah that'd be a good
reason not to talk to them and will he
lie to Muller that's an absolute
certainty that is more certain than e
equalling MC squared has Donald Trump
ever gone two sentences in a row without
lying or contradicting himself or both
so the lawyers advising him to to
restrain himself and basically tie them
up make sure he doesn't go anywhere near
Muller I think are correct so I hope he
doesn't listen them in fact Donald who's
smarter you or your stupid lawyers
Donald who's smarter you are Muller this
thing Muller is gonna outwit you is that
possible Donald that someone could
outsmart you when you got a 30 out of 30
on a test that tells you whether you
have dementia or not I mean come on
don't listen to your lawyers you've got
this dog hi cops one of the greatest
hitters of all time he knows what he's
talking about you go follow his advice
anyway their stance puts them on at odds
with mr. Trump yes okay who has said
publicly and privately that he is eager
to speak with mr. Muller as part of the
investigation into possible ties between
his associates and Russia's election
interference
and whether he obstructed justice and
that's because Donald Trump knows
something that they don't know he's got
this dog I don't know if you know so you
know here in case you don't know it I
apparently have to remind you I have to
shoot I have to guess now cuz I don't
have it in front of me no no no no you
know I'm like a smart person there he is
he's like a smart person what else do
you need
New York Times continues mr. Trump's
pension for bravado has been a factor
that his lawyers must contend with the
president has bragged to some aides that
he would be able to clear himself if he
talked to mr. Muller's team and in fact
Donald Trump has said publicly quote I'm
looking forward to it actually this is
why Donald Trump beat george w bush in a
poll that we had as to who was dumber
because at least bush knew that he
wasn't that bright Trump really thinks
that acing a dementia test means it's a
very stable genius this buffoon thinks
he's smarter than Robert Muller and wood
in the middle of an interview convince
Muller that he didn't do it he just
talked him into it oh please try please
try Donald whatever you do do not listen
to your advice they don't have your best
interests at heart you on the other hand
can convince all those prosecutors that
you didn't do it
good luck hey and by the way if you
didn't do it what do you have to hide
right so here are people counseling
otherwise that they New York Times
explains it would be certain to prompt
accusations if he doesn't do it that the
president is hiding something and a
court fight could prolong the special
counsel ain't corey casting a shadow
over Republicans as November's midterm
elections approach or beyond into the
president's reelection campus so that's
another good reason to do it cuz good
equal cast a shadow and you might have
to face a grand jury which would be even
worse for Donald Trump now refusing to
sit for an interview opens a possibility
that mr. Muller will subpoena the
President to testify before a grand jury
there it is setting up a court fight
that would drastically escalated
and could be decided by the Supreme
Court so you know look you could go
either way his advisers are saying on a
political front maybe you could just
stretch it out and until Muller's
investigation becomes untenable and they
can ever talk to you or he creates a
constitutional crisis when you don't
listen to a prosecutor by the way you
must because the Nixon tapes we came to
the conclusion which should have been
obvious all along the president is not
above the law and if he has a subpoena
he must actually go and follow through
on it like any other citizen would so if
he doesn't that would create a
constitutional crisis and we don't know
how that would wind up but but in all
seriousness I think that Donald Trump
should speak to the prosecutor because
he has legitimate questions to ask and
and it's true if he really didn't do it
then and then he doesn't have anything
to hide I tend to think that his lawyers
are right that he is not going to help
himself in those cases part of that
belief rests on the fact that I think he
does have a relationship with Russia I
think it is financial but that's the
whole point of the investigation and if
he really is innocent then maybe Ty Cobb
his lawyer is right that he should go
talk to Muller and clear it up and say
look here I don't have any financial
ties I didn't do anything for the
Russians etc and only Donald Trump would
know that so it makes sense to talk to
him but one last note of caution comes
from Donald Trump's friend Newt Gingrich
who said the idea of putting Trump in a
room with five or six hardened very
clever lawyers all of whom are trying to
trick him and trap him
would be a very very bad idea in other
words they are clever and I'm not
convinced that he's a very stable genius
and so that could be a recipe for
disaster so either way it doesn't look
good for Donald Trump but for the sake
of the country I hope he does go testify
one way or another so we can get at the
truth and either have a conclusion that
where the prosecutors do actually find
out that he did something wrong or a
conclusion where they find out he didn't
but either way have a resolution and and
for the rest of us also a bit event
taemin because that testimony is going
to be outrageous any way you slice it if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me Qi tea
network.com / joy
