so the Republicans have been attacking
the FBI at the behest of Donald Trump
for quite some time now why because the
FBI is investigating Donald Trump's
connections to Russia now if you didn't
do it I've got to say again I'm not sure
why you'd be on the attack and trying to
rip our law enforcement agencies down it
sounds like you're against the rule of
law and against cops the FBI are the top
cops in the country but one of the
reasons that they do it of course is to
poison the well against Robert Muller so
they want to say oh the leadership is
wrong and they had all these connections
through Muller and we got to fire the
special counsel now in order to help do
that Devin Nunez who worked on Trump's
transition wrote a partisan memo as part
of the House Intelligence Committee they
released it publicly and it was a total
dud and everybody who looked at it said
yeah but you emitted huge parts of the
story a lot of the stuff is misleading
it doesn't tell us anything we didn't
know before so they had hyped it up
beyond all reason as you're about to see
in a second and it turns out there
really wasn't much there at all as we
told you on this program so was it a
mistake to hype it up that much and the
common the conventional wisdom right now
is yes what a bunch of clowns they hyped
it up and then it fell flat I think the
conventional wisdom is wrong I think it
did serve the purpose that it was
intended for now I'm going to show you
how much they hyped it up how
over-the-top it was now remember after
it was released
even other Republicans including trey
Gowdy who nudist said knew more about
the intelligence than he did came out
and said no this doesn't prove that
there was no Russian connections
I support Muller a hundred percent so
all of this was wrong but nonetheless
watch it and I'll tell you the fact that
it did have requirement to determine the
full extent to which the FBI the DOJ and
special counsels office have been
compromised and corrupted we know how
the deep State has been trying to
undermine Donald Trump from the days he
was a candidate Sean this is bigger than
anything anybody can imagine
that this makes Watergate like stealing
a Snickers bar this this is a hundred
times bigger this is our government
spying on political adversaries the
Department of Justice and the FBI are
corrupt they're crooked there's there's
so much smoke here there's so much
official until the evidence has been
mounting and mounting and mounting and
one smoking gun after another it's
incontrovertible at this point here here
two Bureau agents talking about a secret
society I don't have any I don't have a
clue what they're talking about secret
society within the Justice Department
and the FBI I don't know whether one
existed but you know what Aaron is not
my responsibility
to prove that what this is all about is
further evidence of corruption more than
bias but corruption at the highest
levels of the FBI in that secret society
so we know the deeps they can mobilize
if they want to and they can create
false narratives that everybody in the
media believes we're dealing with the
world's premier investigative agency
here and people that come forward to us
fear retaliation it's a scary night but
there's gonna be a lot of news all week
long we are part of a small group of
people now at one point they said it was
what a hundred or a thousand times worse
than Watergate if you miss it sebastien
Gorka said it was a hundred times worse
than what led to the American Revolution
how's that for hype now as I told you
other Republicans came out afterwards
oops yeah I didn't have much in it but
get a load of this the Huff Post
reporting a new poll that came out of
those Trump voters who've heard about
the memo 79 percent think it shows that
the FBI did something wrong and more
than 80 percent described the memos
contents as accurate now if you ask that
80 percent did you read the memo I
guarantee you that the percentage you
read it is in the ballpark of 0.000000
eight right nobody read that memo
they're like no I'm positive it's
accurate though and and they heard about
it yeah whatever they heard about it
we'll get to more on that in a second
and and they never heard that it was
inaccurate that
you never reach them I'll give you some
facts on that in a second as well so now
nearly 3/4 of Trump voters 74% say that
FBI is biased against the president
according to a new HuffPost YouGov
survey now let's go further just under
one sort of Trump voters say they have
even a fair amount of trust in the FBI
while 64% say they don't trust the FBI
very much or at all so he got most of
his followers at least three-quarters to
believe that the FBI is working against
them and it's unfair they're biased and
then he undermined trust in the FBI
among Republican voters almost
completely now nearly 2/3 of Trump
voters say they don't even trust the FBI
for anything look at how quick that
worked in essence mission accomplished
he was never gonna convince Democrats
and he might commit some independence
but overall he wanted his base to think
oh they're coming to get us unfairly and
they do believe that and Trump of course
finished the propaganda circuit by
saying after the memo was released by by
the way Donald Trump that a quote
totally vindicates Trump calling himself
Trump in the third person of course now
it didn't no such thing but it doesn't
matter all you have to do is keep lying
about it in fact the last Republican
president explained this phenomenon
nearly perfectly third time I've said
that
I probably say it three more times see
in my line of work you got to keep
repeating things over and over and over
again for the truth to sink in to kind
of catapult the propaganda
hmm so somebody told Bush that that's
how we can appalled the propaganda he
was supposed to stop the sentence and
for the truth to set it but he couldn't
help himself and accidentally actually
catapulted the truth of that last part
of the sentence which was this is how we
do propaganda we just keep on repeating
it now they explained that Hillary
Clinton voters and independents did not
see the memo or the FBI in the same
light and then they still support the
FBI overwhelmingly now here comes the
interesting part the two groups are also
meaning the Trump voters and the people
who didn't vote for Trump are also
getting their news about the memo from
distinctly different places a majority
of both Clinton and Trump voters who
follow the stories say that cable TV was
among the sources they relied on but
while those Clinton voters tuned in
largely to CNN and MSNBC the Trump
voters who watched cable coverage of the
story were overwhelmingly likely to say
they'd seen it on Fox News so that is
why we have the different realities that
we do in America today where one side
gets some degree of facts from
traditional media and you might say with
bias loaded in and everybody's got a
different version of what that bias is
the other side has a completely
different reality detached from facts
altogether did the memo actually prove
that the FBI was trying to do a coup
against the president or overthrow him
or get him out of office no not remotely
but Fox News says it anyway and that
becomes the reality for the Trump voters
who are not even watching anything else
they're not reading anything else
they're getting all their news from Fox
so they think that's what's true so that
leads us to this divided nation HuffPost
explaining here overall that leaves 35%
of Americans who have heard about the
memo saying that it did that it that it
shows that FBI did something wrong and
another 34 percent that it vindicates
the bureau with the rest on shore
and that's kind of where we have it a
third of the country says Trump is right
facts be damned a third of the country
says Trump is wrong by the way that's
thirty four percent saying that the memo
vindicates the bureau makes no sense
either the memo is damning of the bureau
the memo is wrong
that's a different question but it is it
doesn't necessarily vindicate the bureau
so now you got another third that says
no Trump is always wrong and another
third swing the middle confused and
somewhat rightfully so look when you
have one side that job is to just do
propaganda because the facts do not suit
their purposes and they attack all the
different sources that bring you news
media professors schools scientists and
they replace it with their propaganda
that they are catapulting you set up a
dangerous situation where we have a
country that lives in two different
realities and that's where we are today
so the FBI if they come out the special
counsel with overwhelming evidence that
the president has broken a law or maybe
several laws one-third of the country
will never believe them they won't even
bother to look at the facts they won't
read it they'll tune in to Fox News and
whatever Fox News tells them and
whatever Donald Trump says on his
Twitter account they will repeat so that
sets us up for a crisis well let's hope
it doesn't happen
let's hope cooler Minds prevail at some
point if there is a reckoning let's hope
that somebody can talk Donald Trump into
settling this amicably as I say that
sense is out loud it certainly doesn't
appear that that will happen and by the
way it's also possible that Muller
doesn't get them in which case yes then
he'll continue on with the rest of his
term and the reckoning will come in an
election and which is great and they
should and let's hope those elections
are fair and honest and they don't end
that they don't pull two different
realities on an election but as things
stand now if Muller does find evidence
of a crime about 35% of the country will
be likely never
believe it that's pretty dangerous if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks o every day
