to be a good judge and a good umpire
it's important to have the proper
demeanor this ought to be good really
important I think uh-huh well I can't
disagree they'll judge I'd say a good
judge would even let people finish
before leapfrogging down their throat
faster than a cold beer beer a beer on a
sunny day so all we have you're
interviewing you're interviewing me
you're you're doing it senator it would
say it's an outrage that I was not
allowed to come okay I guess you meant
all those should a deal to this but not
you okay got it but please continue me
really important I think to walk in the
other's shoes whether it be the other
litigants I have the litigants in the
case the other judges again I agree
judge I would even go so far as to say
one should listen to the testimony of
Wallace did you watch dr. Ford's
testimony I did not I know one that part
as well we're awful to hear bra but if
you want to keep going I guess let's go
to understand them to keep our emotions
in check to be calm amidst the storm
oh come on Mae you're making it too easy
we know where this is going this
confirmation process has become a
national disgrace this is a circus
didn't you write this speech down in one
of your calendars on the bench too to
put it in the vernacular don't be a jerk
I think that's important yeah like not
responding to a basic question posed by
a female senator with the misogynistic
smog and a return question you couldn't
remember what happened or part of what
happened the night before I think you've
probably dead beer center and I don't
know have you could you answer the
question judge is that your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have
moving on that we're not bigger than the
game there's a danger of arrogance as
per umpires for referees but also for
judges then I would say that danger
grows the more time you were on the
bench you know I'm really with you on
this one I think everyone no matter who
they are
if the queues of serious allegations
like these should have to face
questioning and not be allowed to answer
those questions by misdirecting and
reminding us continuously that they were
a first-class Yale students I got into
Yale Law School that's the number one
law school in the country I mean that's
not arrogant right everybody loves a
broken record especially one from Yale
Yale Law School
did I mention yell oh and beer I like
beer I don't know if you'd okay like
beer senator yeah bail yeah beer Gail I
think that's important as well to show
to help display that you're trying to
make the decision impartially and
dispassionately all right
you absolutely hit the nail on the head
here one could even say nonpartisan
opinions not being a political partisan
and I for one thing this is absolutely
right we have to approach cases in this
country especially those involving
serious sexual assault allegations free
from clear partisan bias calculated and
orchestrated political hit fueled with a
parent pent-up anger about President
Trump and the 2016 election revenge on
behalf of the Clintons okay I guess this
doesn't go too well for you as a judge
girls like beer I like beer I like beer
judge I was seriously sold for a second
get that guy in Oscar the reality is
when comparing this video of Cavanaugh
discussing courtroom etiquette to his
bullish emotional and disrespectful
actions during the testimony it's good
he doesn't feel his own advice should
apply to him and his like tweeted during
the testimony if there is one thing his
actions during this hearing demonstrated
it's that he does not exactly epitomize
the composure nor temperament expected
from a Supreme Court justice well I was
thinking that if I was in his courtroom
and acted like that he would have thrown
me out but because he's a dude and a
rich white dude at night his unhinged
performance was
taken as passionate in powerful when in
reality there is one rule for one type
of person and another for everyone else
to interact me on this come over to my
Instagram Francis M Maxwell you can
always become a member to 80 network.com
/join did you know that TYT network is
now available on youtubes new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TI t episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for youtube TV today all new
subscribers get a 7 day free trial so
head over to youtube TV and search for
the TYT Network channel
