all right back on rebel headquarters
let's do this give me the next guest die
cannon is running in Indiana's ninth
district he's a just Democrat he's been
called one of the most fascinating
midterm House candidates in the country
whoa
he's running in a district that voted
for Trump by 27 points Dan Ken and
welcome to rebel headquarters hi Jake
thanks for having me
no problem Dan I want to talk to you
about your plan to defeat someone who is
the overwhelming favorite in this race
but before we get to that you're you're
a music teacher and then you're a civil
rights lawyer what was your role in a
Supreme Court case obergefell
versus hodges that gave us equal
marriage in the country yeah so I was
involved in the sort of ground floor
level in those cases all the way up to
the United States Supreme Court so we
filed the first marriage equality case
in Indiana and the the first case in
Kentucky that was sort of touted as
being the major decision like the first
decision in the south it was one of the
early opinions that came down that sort
of gave the rest of the country
permission to you know to say this is
the green light on marriage equality
that case eventually merged with cases
from Ohio and Tennessee and Michigan and
went up to the United States Supreme
Court and it's it's what we now know is
well over yourself so I went nuts at
that that day when that decision was
handed down because it really was
historic I said this is one of the
historic moments that that people will
look back on a long time from now and we
got to live it but you got a little bit
more than others so I'm curious how many
lawyers worked on that case overall and
and did you when you see who brought all
the ways Supreme Court what was your
role by the time it got to the Supreme
Court so I was lead counsel for the
Kentucky plaintiffs all the way up so I
was there front and center watching
everything go on at the Supreme Court
and it still is kind of a surreal
experience as you can imagine looking
back on it
but we didn't have much time to
celebrate because then I jumped right
into the Kim Davis litigation if you
know about that on over in Eastern
Kentucky
right afterwards we had a bunch of
clerks really all over the country that
refused to issue marriage licenses and
so we had to we had to take on that
legal battle and that's what we did and
that one blew up a lot bigger than we
expected it to all right I'm declaring
it then Dan cannon civil rights hero
it's true it's true so now we're lawyers
worked on that case and I will tell you
I hate to interrupt you but I mean it
was you know over the years over the
decades I mean thousands right it was
only you know 30 or 40 of us that were
that were counsel of record in you know
various states by the end of the whole
thing but I mean that was the result of
you know decades of work by activists
and we just happened to be there to put
the last nail on the coffin so I hear
you I hear you and there was a lot I
think I love here oh but yeah there are
a lot of here oh no question and Martin
Luther King was not the only person that
walked across that bridge in Selma
Alabama but you were there brother you
were there that's a hero in my books so
now you're incumbent astray
Hollingsworth's he's a Republican Trump
one district by 27 points how the world
are gonna beat him well by knocking on
doors and by making lots of phone calls
and making lots of face-to-face contacts
and essentially being a real person that
cares about solving real problems within
my district so you know Trump won the
district by 27 points but actually our
Democratic candidate for Congress in
2016 did 14 points better than Hillary
because she was out there in engaged in
that kind of work I mean a normal year
that would've been enough to win right
she was out there and engaged in the
work of talking to the people and trying
to actually connect with people and you
know over the last over the the term of
his
that he's been in Congress
representative Hollingsworth has shown
like a lot of other Congress people this
stunning lack of ability to connect with
real people who are experiencing real
problems you know in in as your last
guest was talking about there's this
massive problem of campaign finance that
that tends to lead to multi millionaires
that come from multi generational wealth
like representative Hollingsworth
getting into office and then when rich
guys get into office like that they have
a tendency to just solve rich guy
problems if they don't make an effort to
actually figure out what real people are
suffering through on a day-to-day basis
in the district and you know I've been
through that I've been poor in Indiana I
was raised by a single mom and I you
know dropped out of high school and I
got my GED and I put myself through
college I put myself through law school
and I've represented a lots of people
that have been addicts and that have
been you know very poor and victims of
police violence and victims of the kind
of stuff that go on on a day to day
basis in Indiana and there's just no way
that somebody like Hollingsworth can
relate to that and he's not trying and I
think if we demonstrate the people that
we and we're seeing it work now I mean I
think if we demonstrate the people that
we're willing to get out and get our
hands dirty and talk to people about
what they're really going through and
work with them on solutions that we can
come up with right here and take back to
Washington people are going to respond
to that they've always responded to that
in Indiana and I don't think that 2018
is gonna be different it's just that we
have we have invested a lot at this
point in time into you know making voter
contact and showing people that we care
about yeah now poor Hollingsworth's only
got sixty million bucks so I don't know
if you're being fair to him look it's
okay of course rich people can be great
progressives and can help people and can
understand people's plyto but it doesn't
appear that Hollingsworth's making much
of an effort and on the other hand he
you're in a circle of folks where you're
gonna get a different perspective than
the rich donors that he talks to I saw
that you're doing hashtag dine with Dan
making some sort of democracy Chile now
to be fair to Hollingsworth you're also
charging for that all the way up to $25
teeth that's right that's right
yeah so last I heard the Hollingsworth
was not willing to meet with any
constriction constituents unless they
you know we're paying $2,500 have played
but you know ya know III think that it's
possible for for people who are wealthy
obviously to go out and make the effort
to try to understand what regular folks
are going through but I don't think that
it's easy you know if you've got
somebody that's a multi-millionaire that
comes from multi-generational wealth and
on top of that has never lived in
Indiana before I don't think he's ever
set foot in Indiana before about 2015
and then for somebody like that to come
in essentially to buy out a Republican
primary and and ride the Trump coattails
to to victory which is a cover that he's
not gonna have in 2018 you know I think
that's that's that's that exposes a
major flaw in our system and I think the
way that we exploit that flaw is by
going out and connecting and doing the
stuff that Hollingsworth cannot do which
is he can outspend us for sure but he
can not connect with people he cannot
understand what people are going through
and he's made no effort to do that you
know I said this is a big problem in
Congress overall where you've got rich
people going to you know getting elected
into office and then doing nothing but
solving rich people problems and go
ahead yeah sorry I want to ask you
before we're out of time a couple more
of your policies but I also want to give
other links if you want to help Dan so
if you're watching on youtube you'll
obviously find those in the description
box just click on them to donate or to
volunteer there's apparently a cranky
canon t-shirt as well I like that I'm
big on t-shirts
kennefa Indiana comm if you're watching
live and links are also down below on
Facebook in the comment section so if
small if you're gonna win on small
donors you need those small donors that
you need those volunteers to get out
there and and to do the door
that dance talking about it okay so then
yeah you've got you're forgetting my
money out of politics you're just that
McCrea that means you don't take core
PAC money you're for universal health
care I see that I always try to find the
things that set you out from a little
bit from the other candidates you've got
on your on your to-do list here that you
are against exorbitant interest fees so
what can you do about that in Congress
yes sir well I think we can establish a
nationwide usury rate which by the way
is exactly the opposite of what
legislators are trying to do here in
Indiana we just had a vote at the state
legislature where they've they've voted
to allow payday lenders to go up to
something like 200 percent interest on
payday loans and essentially return to a
state of where you know you've got a
lender that that that owns a bar right
and CEO you know know they've got them
trapped at a loan that they can never
pay back ever we should be going the
opposite direction from that we should
be establishing nationwide usury laws I
think that there is no reason why the
you know a credit card interest rate or
something like that should ever be over
15% it's just more ways for you know
then this has been the GOP agenda as you
well know it's another way for rich
folks to make money off the backs of the
working class and we can shut that down
with legislation we just have to have
the political willingness to do it so
look in the business world you know that
interest rates that high are
unsustainable Donald Trump bankrupted
himself even while running a casino
which seemed impossible because he got
junk bonds that were basically at a 14
percent interest rate so that will
bankrupt even a casino
so will it bankrupt the average American
absolutely and some of these rates are
in the hundreds sometimes thousands of
percent is preposterous
so look you know and I and I breeze past
the money in politics in the
medicare-for-all cuz a lot of your
colleagues are in favor of that that are
running these upstart challenges but we
shouldn't imagine is just Democrats for
example at 51 candidates
imagine if we had overnight 51 people in
Congress that were for Medicare for all
that would be amazing that would be
amazing so but then that's before in
yeah that's right because that's change
everything else is is okay politics etc
but that what matters is the change in
people's lives so and if you get those
folks into Congress they can actually
push for Medicare for all they could
push for a constitutional amendment to
get money out of politics and make that
difference in your life but before I let
you go I know we're past time here but
then one more thing you're also going
after one of the organizers of the
Charlottesville a hate rally Mathew Hine
Bach how are you doing that yeah so if
you remember the those of your viewers
that watch the 24-hour news may have
seen a video of a rally campaign rally
in 2016 where Donald Trump invited a
seething mob of white supremacists to
attack my black client who was there to
peacefully protest and she walked up to
the edge of the stage and held up a
picture didn't say a word but held up a
picture of Donald Trump's head on a
pig's body and he invited some of the
white supremacists that he surely knew
were on the ground at that period of
time by that point the campaign and one
of them happened to be mr. haibach and
you know I don't like to amplify his
name or his message in any way but they
went after her and assaulted her on the
floor of that Convention Center and we
sued him and we sued him and some other
white supremacist and the the Trump
campaign and Donald Trump himself and so
that that case is currently sort of
wounding its way through the appellate
courts we did get we did manage to get
the first meaningful opinion out of a
federal court since the 1960s on what
incitement really is because the judge
of the lower court said yeah he actually
incited violence here and he's not
protected by the First Amendment and the
First Amendment does in fact have
boundaries and we think that's the right
outcome all right I got your campaign
slogan
dan a cannon for justice there you go
hola actus - you know all right it
sounds good
all right Dan cannon thank you for
joining us and thank you for fighting
for progressives no matter what the odds
are particularly in Indiana there thank
you thank you I like our odds and I like
that spirit
