throughout this me to movement there
have been several men who have been
accused of sexual misconduct or
misconduct
you know involving their employees and
the men have denied it one of those men
was Ryan Seacrest and there has been an
internal investigation involving
accusations that were lodged against him
by a former stylist that worked with him
ten years ago now he has been cleared of
any wrongdoing the independent
investigation did not find any evidence
to corroborate what these what the woman
had accused him of and he decided to
speak out about his experience in a post
for The Hollywood Reporter I wanted to
share with you guys he said in November
I received a letter from a lawyer
representing a former show stylist she
claimed that I mistreated her more than
a decade ago when we worked together
this arrived during an unprecedented
public reckoning by women in our
industry and beyond courageously coming
forward to share their stories I was and
am amazed at their bravery now he says I
publicly denied the claims against me
and agreed to participate in any inquiry
the network deemed appropriate on
February 1st I received notice that an
independent third party found the claims
to be unsubstantiated and that there was
no evidence of wrongdoing on my part and
then he gets to something that I think a
lot of people have wanted to articulate
but have been fearful of doing so right
so he says most of us agree that the
presumption of innocence is an important
standard we must find a way to ensure
that everyone the public private and
public institutions accusers and alleged
accused is given the opportunity for a
swift and fair review look the
unfortunately often times things break
into two sides right so there's a side
that is never believed the woman in the
first place for decades and decades and
decades oh they're just trying to get
money oh they're just trying to do this
they're trying to get famous you name it
right and and then there's this side now
briefly that said every woman is telling
the truth well that's obviously
preposterous right and both sides are
preposterous to the earlier point that
lasted for
decades is worse because it affected
millions upon millions of women and he
kept him down and it added injustice on
top of the injustice they had already
suffered that people wouldn't believe
them basically carp launched like like I
I don't care I just don't believe you
period I'm not even having a discussion
about it right so we should make the
mistake of swinging the pendulum too far
in the other direction and that's what
Ryan Seacrest is pointing out here and
so we I think handle this right
throughout you know of course I think
that once we did it otherwise we've done
something else
but but it's not easy and going all the
way back to the woman with the mattress
at Columbia and we kept saying
throughout look you got to be fair to
all sides here and for too long women
have not been believed on college
campuses as well on the other hand the
guy deserves a fair hearing and and you
can't just smear somebody because you
got an art project and so and and we've
done it in almost every cases come up
here why because of course sometimes the
person didn't do it and by the way it is
a progressive position to give people a
chance yes including men who've been
accused of this right so I think that
you know and by the way I myself am
totally guilty of this and and I
appreciate Ryan Seacrest you know
sharing his perspective because it's
making me more aware but I think
sometimes people in general have a
difficult time differentiating between
believing someone just straight up
believing someone as soon as they accuse
someone else's wrongdoing or taking the
accusation seriously and and waiting to
see the evidence and and and see you
know proof that that person actually did
commit the wrongdoing that they're
accused of yeah and I think that there's
probably a little bit of a
misunderstanding about the phrase I
believe that women it's it's a little
bit like black lives matter some people
interpret as then that means no other
lives matter you know that's
preposterous
they're saying wife lives matter also
and it hasn't been treated that way and
when people say I believe the women I
think that the overwhelming majority of
them are saying women have not been
believed in mass before now we do
believe that
and we're willing to hear them out it
doesn't mean I believe every single
woman in every single accusation and all
men who are been accused are
automatically guilty right and so if
you're a liberal you should care deeply
about all those women who have been
oppressed for all those years who have
now in a sense been liberated and it's a
wonderful moment and you should also
care to make sure that that it were not
throwing people under a bus and that we
give them due process and so and I and
it sounds like from what Seacrest is
saying he cares about the movement he
thinks is a wonderful movement but he
didn't happen to do it and now an
investigation has proven him right about
that you just watched the video by the
young turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
