actress uma Thurman has opened up about
the sexual misconduct that she faced
while working with Harvey Weinstein she
was speaking to Maureen Dowd at the New
York Times and she said that quote
Weinstein tried to shove himself on her
she also was quoted as saying that he
did all kinds of unpleasant things but
he didn't actually put his back into it
and force me you're like an animal
wriggling away like a lizard I was doing
anything I could to get the train back
on the track my track not his track so
she had a story that was fairly similar
to some of the other sexual assault
allegations that came out previously
involving Harvey Weinstein but she also
did talk about something that she was
previously upset at Quentin Tarantino
for because in the filming of Kill Bill
Vol 1 there was a son that she did while
driving a car and it led to a crash and
she feels that she shouldn't have done
that stunt to begin with but more
importantly there were producers behind
the scenes that were trying to hide that
crash and suppress information about it
from the public but Quentin Tarantino
managed to obtain footage of that crash
for her and she's grateful to him for
doing that
now she was quoted as saying the
circumstances of this event were
negligent to the point of criminality I
do not believe though with malicious
intent so she doesn't think that
Tarantino made her do the stunt with
malicious intent but there was
negligence on on his part because of how
it all went down it could have been
prevented
based on her perspective now she posted
the footage on Instagram it's difficult
to watch we're gonna show it to you guys
so I wanted to make sure to give you
some prior warning now with that said
take a look so there's the crash she
said that after that occurred she
suffered from a concussion and that she
damaged her knees she had to leave the
hospital in a neck brace it looks pretty
bad she got a knock on her head there
that she said was the size of an egg
when it was all said and done and like
an appointment I got a concussion
it was not necessarily supposed to be a
stunt a she was only supposed to go 40
miles an hour on this road but it took a
curve that Tarantino did not expect and
and that's what he's now beating himself
up over saying I should have tested it
before her now she had told the New York
Times in regard to this crash the seat
wasn't screwed down properly
it was a sand road and it was not a
straight road also she added the
Tarantino had instructed her to hit 40
miles per hour or else her hair wouldn't
blow the right way and so what Tarantino
is saying is now just to be clear he
said I wish we had gone one way on the
road I wish I had tested going the other
way because it curved in a way that I
didn't expect I thought it was gonna be
straight but it was sandy and you know
and apparently even going 40 miles per
hour created an issue and he said that
it was the biggest regret of his career
yeah yeah and by the way
uma Thurman also said that she's proud
of him for doing the right thing and for
his courage because he was the one who
managed to obtain that footage that she
desperately wanted and she wanted
closure this happened in 2003 and you
know it's it's been on her mind ever
since then and so I'm really happy that
she was able to share her story and what
she went through I'm happy that she was
able to kind of shine a light on what
she went through and I'm glad that
Tarantino took some responsibility for
you know his part and and he you know
talked about his own negligence in this
case yeah he said it was one of the
biggest regrets of my life and it was a
and then sometimes when you are director
you make mistakes and you learn from
them but this was a particularly
horrendous mistake as he called it now
the reason she's not mad at him is
because he at least helped her to get
the footage to prove her case she's more
other mad at the producers who she says
have been covering it up ever since yeah
one of those producers was of course YC
right so let me give you info on the
other producers as she called out
Thurman took film produces Lorenz bender
and Eve Bennett Walsh
along with Weinstein two tasks for
allegedly covering up the crash calling
it unforgivable she accused them of
lying and she says that they destroyed
evidence and continued to lie about the
permanent harm
they caused and then chose to suppress
of course is with all these stories we
always tell you there's two sides to
each story and we don't know
I mean Weinstein is that side of the
story is clear right we know what we're
getting with Weinstein he's unreal he he
apparently tried to sleep with almost
every star that he was with I just it
blows me away I'm I'm amazed at what a
horrible human being he was for the
other producers on a contractual
situation they I don't know if they've
gotten a quart yet they haven't gotten
to present their side I'm just telling
you that so you understand they might
have a different side to this story now
it was definitely a risk that they
shouldn't have taken with one of the
stars of the movie that's why they have
stunt actors and but Tarantino
acknowledges that if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
