thank you for coming everybody these
quarters have you guys would have come
on in the title of this panel is the
next constitutional amendment question
mark but that's a little misleading
because they should be the next
constitutional amendment exclamation so
we are going to get the 28th amendment I
am NOT a neutral moderator but I want to
introduce everybody here and get
everybody's ideas on how to make that
phony Eighth Amendment happen one of the
different avenues and what's the best
chance for success so let me just go
down the road here move it's never easy
going to introduce themselves yeah he's
with America promise sure everyone been
convinced associate director and
American promise with all this energy in
the room for the constitutional
amendment it's amazing
American promises and national across
partisan organizations that's empowering
citizen leaders such as yourself all
across the country to make this historic
amendment a reality not decades from now
but very soon
the amendment is coming so I hope
everyone's ready and look forward to
taking your questions appreciate it
my name is Mike Mineta I'm the National
Director director of Wolfpack
and yes same thing thanks everyone for
coming this is going to be pretty
awesome weekend and real briefly I guess
Wolfpack we believe very strongly
meaning an amendment fixes problem there
are only two ways to get the amendment
one is 2/3 of Congress can propose an
amendment that would have to be ratified
by three-quarters of our state
governments the other way to do it it
can get 2/3 of the state governments to
apply for a convention for specific
purpose and that is currently local
again working
thank you and excited to be here
congratulations on picking the correct
panel for this session as I said I'm the
founder of citizens take action and the
author of one of the many constitutional
amendment proposals to get big money out
of politics I'm not here to push the
specific amendment that our organization
is promoting but rather to promote a
specific approach one of them was
unified organized and focused movement
that is united behind a strong but
viable thank you next is Caitlyn suppose
a Belknap yes national director who then
he crams
right before so I'm going to take a
couple minutes because move to amend has
been working on this issue since before
citizens united and our big thing is
that it's very important what the
Amendment says so our perspective is
that this is really at its core a human
rights issue this is our opportunity to
answer the question that is the most
fundamental question that a society can
problems like who will be a person and
who will have personhood status who will
have rights under the law and that
actually is a question that is one that
has been asked over and over again in
our history and lots of times we come up
with the wrong answer right and so the
fact that this country was founded on
genocide and slavery actually is not an
accident that we're in the situation
that we are in now where we have
property having more rights than human
beings so our belief is that the
amendment must address corporate
constitutional rights and money as
speech those are the two doctrines that
made Citizens United possible that were
created by the Supreme Court that we had
no authority to grant
gracious constitutional rights nor do
they have the authority to equate
spending money in elections for the
wealthy with the First Amendment and so
we have to undo those two fundamental
wrongs and that's what's most critical
about what the amendment says and then
in terms of process it's our belief that
what matters most is actually not so
much the Convention versus Congress but
that we need to build a People's
Movement that's the only way to amend
the Constitution has ever been amended
in the past that's the only way we'll be
able to make Congress act that's the
only way that we would be able to make
sure that we had a successful convention
process that moved us forward in terms
of social justice not backwards and so
that's what we're striving to create and
it's not about what's possible now in
Washington DC or with big funders or
with the two dominant dominant parties
that are completely corrupted by
corporate money but rather putting
forward an agenda of what we need what
we know is necessary and making them
jasmin Gomez's next democracy honors
fellow free speech for people Jasmine
I'm going to send the mic over to you
and you answer the first question and
then we'll pass the mic around okay my
name is Jasmine Gomez I'm a democracy
honors fellow an attorney with free
speech for people and I specifically do
legal work as well as education work and
grassroots movement work around getting
an amendment to overturn Citizens United
and other court cases that have allowed
for unlimited money to come into our
political systems as well as
corporations claiming that they have
constitutional rights so the first
question is what is the 28th amendment
all about what makes it so appealing to
those looking to unwritten and what
strategies as a strategy for a form
whether it's known strengths and it's no
weaknesses and so just just a step back
a little bit the movement to pass the
28th amendment comes in response to a
series of Supreme Court cases that have
allowed for corporations to claim
constitutional rights and also has
allowed for corporations and wealthy
individuals to spend unlimited amounts
of money in our political system so so
because the Supreme Court has made these
decisions there's only two ways that we
can actually do anything to change them
so one way is that the Supreme Court
itself we can you know push the Supreme
Court to change its mind and that method
however it doesn't give power to the
people so what that means is that the
Supreme Court could decide to change
some aspects of it but maybe not all the
aspects that we think are the most
important also it means it's not
permanent so the Supreme Court could
decide to change its mind again in the
future so that's what makes an amendment
itself like really really valuable and
in order to pass an amendment you need
massive grassroots support and I think
that is a really big benefit in many
ways I think that we can get the most
power and the best results when we have
the most voices coming together to
really talk about what we need to do to
make the United States a better place
and that's the only way we've been able
to pass the amendments that we've been
able to pass and we've always expanded
our democracy and so that's that's our
goal here too I would say one of the the
weaknesses that we see now
and it's something that we're working
through is just there is a division of
strategies there is different ways that
we can get a constitutional amendment
passed as was talked about and there's
also different groups of people there's
a dispute as to the scope of the
amendment itself so some people want
corporate rights and money in politics
and separate amendments some people want
them together and so I hope that you
know we'll talk a little bit more about
this but but some of those are just like
the divisions that we're having but even
so with that we always find ways to
continue to support each other and work
with each other you can sense that
there's two things we're going for here
which is how do we get the amendment and
what's in the amendment so Caitlin spoke
about what she thinks needs to be in the
amendment I want to hand it over to Mike
from Wolfpack for a second talk about
the two different ways of getting the
amendment and which way you favor and
then we'll we'll move it around all
right so as I said earlier Wolfpack is
pursuing the the second path ultimately
to get an amendment which is the
convention route and the reason we're
doing so is because well for one we've
been actually in the situation before
and a really good example that we like
to use from from our past is how the
17th amendment came about which was in
the early 1900's the people of this
country were they looked at the the way
the US senators were elected as
corruption and they didn't like it so
similar very parallel to what we have
today they in fact the US Senate used to
be known as the Millionaire's Club
pretty pretty sure they're both they're
both known as Millionaire's Club at this
point but uh but the people started to
use every tool available to them to
correct that so they did petitions they
handed petitions into Congress they
passed local legislation they passed
state legislation the state started
asking Congress to propose an amendment
for that specific purpose of direct
election of senators and finally the the
states started calling for convention
one by one for that one specific purpose
of the direct election of senators and
they got all the way just one or two
states shy of the the two-thirds needed
to force a convention and Congress acted
we're totally in favor of direct
election of senators but it took a lot
of pressure so our you know we support
so you know jasmine had said you know
weaknesses that there are a lot of
division there's a division of strategy
I don't necessarily look at that as a
weakness you know I look at that almost
as the opposite as a strength you know
and again history shows us that it's
when all groups pursuing many different
angles and many different pressure
points is finally when reform happens so
Wolfpack is really filling that that
void honestly that that didn't exist
before Jane created Wolfpack which was
the article 5 sort of piece to the
puzzle and that's what we're doing we've
been doing it for really organized for
about four years now and we've gotten
five states to do that to apply for a
convention under Article five
specifically for an amendment that will
address the distance united and related
cases so we got a little ways to go but
that's where okay so everybody striking
at the root of the problem from
different angles I feel like I've heard
that before
of course Larry Lessig talks about that
all the time and he's a wonderful person
in this movement who's instructed so
many of us and that's what we're doing
here but as we strike at that root from
different angles I want to see what we
agree upon so first of all I'm gonna ask
question here does anyone think that he
can on this panel think that it can be
solved without an amendment
they issue money in politics No
so we all agree and and if by the way
this panel is not necessarily
representative of course there are other
groups that do right but for the purpose
of this panel we all do agree and we're
gonna take questions later if you guys
have them so we all agree that an
amendment is the way to go so then when
we talk about the two paths and I'm
gonna get to what should be an amendment
later but when we talk about the two
paths this let's just let's just do both
does anyone think that it's possible to
do it through Congress yes okay okay all
right so that's 42 kind of yeah yeah
okay and this I'm out with this Congress
well that's a great way of putting it
we all also agree not with this Congress
and then does everyone think it's okay
to do a convention or are there
objections to a convention on the panel
all right so let's jazz me let me go to
you then with concern I would say one of
the biggest concerns that free speech
for people the organization I'm with has
is just our current political climate
right now and so there's this there's
this fear that a convention might not
actually be able to be limited the way
that some of us hope and what that could
potentially do is pose serious threats
to civil rights
just to voting rights constitutional
rights different rights that we've been
progressing with we don't want that to
be taken back and so although people
have argued that a convention can be
limited to reverse Citizens United
and that be the only aspect of the
convention it's it's not really
plausible that the number of states that
are necessary to want that specific type
of convention will come together in that
way I think you know there's there's a
fear that some of the states might say
well you know won't be open for a
limited convention for this and the
balance budget or something along those
lines that expands it to something we
don't want expands it to issues that
we're not really addressing or intending
to address here too
and also more importantly there's no
actual legal basis in the Constitution
or anywhere that enforces that
limitation after the convention was
convened so everything would be on the
table including eliminating or narrowing
essential constitutional protections and
also in the past the only time that
we've seen a convention call and they
there was actually the precedent shows
that we don't have to necessarily have
it might not need 38 states they might
decide oh we only need a simple majority
of states to pass whatever convention
you know whatever call for the
convention we need and that's that's
dangerous too because if there's no
precedent kind of holding it to and
people disagree and so we'll probably
talk about that a little bit too but a
lot of the legal scholars that you know
I work with and that free speech for
people are fearful of that and so those
are some of the concerns that we have in
this current political climate right now
and that's not to say that our ideas our
minds won't change as Congress changes
but those are some of the fears that we
have yeah I think Jasmine spelled out
those fears and I think one way to think
about it is that because the
Constitution isn't explicitly clear then
it really is just a question of
political power right who has the power
to actually make whatever is gonna
happen happen and so given that right
now I would say you know those of us who
want an agenda for social justice and
human rights don't really have political
power in a lot of the states that we're
talking about here and also in the
current context I mean one thing I just
saw the other day that this polling and
kind of surveying that gets done every
single year to look at LGBTQ issues and
whether people are getting more
accepting and feeling more comfortable
with LGBTQ folks and we have been
progressing as a society every year
moving forward more and more people
comfortable okay with gay marriage okay
with you know gay folks around their
children etc and this is the first year
that we moved backwards and so this is a
context and then think about you know
people of color immigrants women and the
attack on all of these communities so
whether or not legislation or I'm sorry
amendments move forward or you know
political perspectives move forward
there will be discussion that
essentially this the process could be
hijacked and kind of moved forward and
so at the end of the day that's why I
moved to immense perspective is we need
to build a movement that is clear that
this is a human rights issue that
centralizes all of these marginalized
communities that I just mentioned at the
forefront of our struggle and connects
this issue of not just money in politics
but who will have political power in
this country the wealthy with their
corporations or the rest of us and
centers the voices of the people who are
the most impacted by the current
situation and if we were able to build
that movement then a convention wouldn't
be a scary thing at all in fact it might
be a wonderful opportunity for even more
democracy than just talking about our
amendment so that's what we would like
to push for I know that Mike and I are
chomping at the bit to answer that
because we we definitely disagree and
it's okay to disagree and that's what
we're what we're doing here hashing
things out and figuring out what the
right path is but I want to get Ben and
David involved in the conversation too
Ben did you have an opinion sure you
know just to be you know upfront
American promise doesn't necessarily
think that one strategy has to be better
than the other at this point in time
right so Jeff laments the the founder of
American promise has a great analogy in
that we're all kind of locked out of the
house and it's going to take all of us
to get back in right we're not gonna you
know knock the guy off the roof that's
trying to get in the window right so we
all have to work together it's critical
that we do and I think that another
thing that's important to recognize is
that we should and we and we will have
these debates about strategy which
amendment proposal is best what's the
best route to get there but one thing
and I think that Caitlyn speaks to this
as well is we need to build a movement
there are still millions and millions of
Americans out there that don't know that
this constitutional amendment is healthy
under way and and and has real power
show of hands how many people in the in
the crowd here know that 19 states have
called for a constitutional amendment
right that's quite a bit right who knew
that 800 plus cities and towns have
passed local resolutions calling for a
constitutional amendment right not as
many right so part of our job and part
of the the job of our organizations is
to
not necessarily say which specific
strategy or language is best before we
start to really galvanize that the
energy that's out there for this
movement right and I think that Jack
tasks a really important question is you
know do we think that getting money out
of politics is doable without a
constitutional amendment every one of
the panelists said no that's not to say
that the constitutional amendment is the
Silver Bullet either because we know
that there will be much work to do with
reform after the constitutional
amendment the great thing about this
conference is these reforms Drive each
other right and again we know that this
is not a favorable Congress to the
Amendment so there are a lot of great
people in this room other organizations
that are working on rank-choice voting
public financing of Elections
transparent transparency anti lobbying
reform that sort of thing that will
ultimately get us closer to the
amendment so I think it's just I think
it's important to take a step back while
it you know it is critical that we have
an agreement on certain strategies
amendment language proposals but we
really have to do a better job of
educating or enable neighbors spreading
the word as as much as we can about this
historic movement before we get too
bogged down in the nitty-gritty and you
know what that looks like
all right I'm shocked at how quickly the
panel is going so David I'm going to
come to you next when we start talking
about what the amendments should say so
let me just quickly answer from the
wolfpack perspective and pro convention
perspective as to why I think some of
the stuff that was laid out before this
is not exactly right so I'm trying to
say this politely as I can because we
all respect each other etc but so first
of all the Constitution is exceedingly
clear about one thing 34 states need to
call for a convention 38 states must
ratify the convention is for proposals
it is not that you do not get an
amendment at the end of the convention
under no circumstances it is crystal
clear 38 states must ratify and if you
want to change that you'd have to have
38 states ratifying to
change that Article five clause so in
terms of the right-wing gets to make
proposals well kind of so I need you
guys to understand that there's been
hundreds of calls for a convention from
different states from I believe 49
different states have called for a
convention so if it was true that we
could have an unlimited convention we
would have already had one we would have
had multiple conventions you needed on
one topic so that has been what the
situation is right now in fact right now
live calls in Congress are over thirty
four it's at thirty five as we sit right
now that Congress has counted but
they're not on the same topic and hence
there is no convention so I understand
the concerns about changing the rules of
how the delegates interact and vote
within the convention and those are
legit concerns but at the same time even
if they were to say hey you know what it
was for a limited purpose and by the way
what do you mean by limited we're
talking about campaign finance there's a
lot of different ideas within campaign
finance so those are all good points as
well but in a worst case scenario where
they propose those different ideas and
they make it through the convention they
still need 38 states to ratify and our
Constitution is wonderful because it
allows for revolutions because it was
written by revolutionaries and so it
allows you to do a political revolution
and in fact the founding fathers
including Jefferson said you should do
one every generation and we haven't done
one in a long time and and so that's why
the convention process is there for and
Washington gets corrupted but it is also
the most difficult Constitution in the
world to amend because of the
ratification process you need 38 states
and that is exceedingly difficult and
and that actually is a good transition
to what should be in the amendment
because we do have to keep that in mind
for getting it ratified so David let me
hand it to you real quickly on the
convention issue I think we need to use
every tool in the box but not put all
our eggs in any one basket so if you're
a Wolfpack supporters I see the
gentlemen and the t-shirt is over there
continue to support Wolfpack but also
support efforts on the federal level to
build momentum for an amendment
on both fronts what should an amendment
say here's the most fundamental truth to
keep in mind any amendment needs to be
immensely popular 3/4 of state
legislatures in a country where it seems
like it's a nation divided the amendment
needs to be as popular as things like
pizza or sports or music which means
that if Republicans and Democrats cannot
both get on board it's a non-starter and
while I know that corporate
constitutional rights is an issue that
inspires many people when both liberal
law professors and rank-and-file
Republicans are opposed to abolishing
all corporate constitutional rights we
have to question whether that's a
realistic and viable amendment proposal
the amendment that I wrote the restored
democracy amendment addresses the
Citizens United decision directly and
would address Buckley v Valeo which is
the other terrible Supreme Court
decision that stripped away the power of
We the People to enact our own campaign
finance laws without taking away all the
rights that corporations and unions need
in order to function
basic rights like Fourth Amendment
protections against searches and
seizures or Fifth Amendment protection
protection against having your property
taken by the government without
compensation
so the amendment language matters and we
don't have to land on specific language
today but we do need to keep in mind
that viability is a critical component
if we are going to successfully pass an
amendment we kind of have a number of
people have said that we need a movement
and I'm sorry but policy wonk stuff does
not make people come to get involved in
a movement what drives people to get
into a movement is moral issues and also
a sense of hope not just that the system
is so corrupted and so broken that they
won't be able to make a difference and I
don't know if we're actually going to
get to the questions we had but there
was a question like why is this so
grassroots and part of that is because
the American people are don't want
band-aids they don't give a crap about
any band-aids they're so sick of all
that is being offered just being a tiny
little crumb of some kind of change of
difference and so we when we look
this issue and we look at when we're
trying to amend the Constitution what we
need to be looking at is well what is
actually wrong and it's not like things
were working before Citizens United
I'm sure there's nobody here who would
come up to me and say oh yeah it was
great back in 2009 everything was fine
no no American has ever taken me on that
challenge and said yeah yeah I liked it
then and that's all I want now and so it
isn't about you know what the
establishment legal community thinks is
possible they'll be the last ones on
board it is not about what you know
Congress thinks is possible it is not
about what the nonprofit industrial
complex DC Beltway groups think is
possible right it's about what we need
and what we know needs to be done and
the reality is that actually Republicans
or conservatives however you want to
talk about it in the streets you know
when you're out there petitioning
actually believe that corporations
should not have constitutional rights
either and and we can protect the
artificial entities like unions or
nonprofits or or even maybe for-profit
corporations in different ways through
legislation at the state and federal
level to make clear that they can have
statutory protections and privileges
because that's what makes sense there
are artificial entities created by
government the definition of what a
corporation has been has changed over
time and I just hope that we stop
thinking so small and tiny to say oh you
know what's permissible what will be
okay what do the experts think and
actually look at the situation where we
have corporate power run amuck it is
destroying the planet
it is impoverishing most people and that
is what we need to build a movement to
stop and the amendment is not the only
way to do that but it is a way to wrest
control back of our constitution and
stop having it be used against us and
yeah ending slavery was a crazy idea
when the folks who were starting to you
know organize to end slavery started it
women having the right to vote was a
crazy idea that was ludicrous that's the
kind of culture that we need to shift
and when we shift that kind of culture
then the law actually does change and I
am excited to work with folks who are
visionary enough to believe that that's
what we can do
there's there's so little time left so
Mike I want to go to you for a second
because that you look you're on the
ground level you're fighting to get this
amendment at least get the convention
for the amendment and you deal with
Democrats and Republicans so what is the
Republican perspective because if we're
gonna get 38 states you need Republicans
even in a landslide scenarios in the
future yeah our perspective is a little
bit different we believe that you know
the strategy that Wolfpack is pursuing
right now is we are we're calling for a
convention limited to addressing the
concerns raised by these core cases by
citizens united in related cases and
from my experience just being on the
ground literally almost every day you
know traveling around the country going
from Statehouse the Statehouse the
consume or conservative minded people
legislators in this country are not
quite there on some of the stronger
language the corporate personhood and
you know money's not being speech so we
found that by you know allowing for this
conversation to take place what do these
court cases mean to our democracy what
do they mean we're able to bring a
little bit more people into the tent you
know we're able to say that you know we
want your perspective on this we and the
legal research around this has really
shown us that it was the founders intent
that a convention is supposed to be the
place where we deliberate that the
states are supposed to send delegates to
that convention you know you should we
send experts and we figure out you know
what can we do to address this and I
personally I don't believe that we have
to do everything at right off the bat
immediately I think there are some
solutions that could come out of that
convention that are you know truly
bipartisan solutions that both sides can
agree on just one example one amendment
that could potentially make it out of a
convention and be ratified by 38 states
it's maybe something like the Udall
amendment that was proposed that just
simply says the states and Congress have
the power to regulate their own
campaigns and then you could potentially
go state-by-state but that's that's just
one possible amendment that would come
out of it but our our belief is we've
got a we've got to have the conversation
somewhere other than Congress that's a
really important point and and we and we
can figure it out so we
trusting in the process and anything
that 75% of our state governments agree
on should be part of the Constitution
period I mean that's how democracy has
to work and you know as far as like the
the legal research about a convention I
haven't seen any I haven't seen any I
mean I'm totally open to reading it so
you know you could definitely send it to
me I've seen lots of op eds that quote
other op eds as far as making the
runaway convention legitimate all of the
scholarly research that's been done
around this Department of Justice
Congressional Research Service American
Bar Association you know Larry Lessig
who is a really big wolf pack proponent
he testifies at committee hearings for
us Jamie Raskin US Congressman Jamie
Raskin they all point to the the fact
that anything proposed at a commission
needs to be ratified by 75% of our
states but there's also three other
checks on a convention I won't go into
them but I'll just mention them Congress
is a check they have to call it they're
not going to give more power to
convention than they have so their
interest is very much to keep it limited
the court system this would not exist
outside of our American court system so
the state's call a convention or
specific purpose that's something else
that can be challenged in our court
system delegates they're not like
representatives they have restrictions
and fourth is the ratification and
that's what these legal legal reports
all point to and again I've never seen
anything other than op-eds that where
they are the opposition and the fear is
so our job is difficult because it's
very easy to drum up fear over a
convention it's difficult to go into all
of the actual legal research that has
been done about this and it is Thurl if
you have the time but you gotta have the
time all right first one says brazil
which has for some time banned
corporations from donating to campaigns
continues to struggle with corruption
what work do you think will be necessary
once the 28th amendment is passed it's
important to well Caitlyn said it
perfectly that before the Citizens
United decision things were not you know
things were not perfect right and this
goes long back before citizens united to
the turn of the century where we have
had you know corrupting influences in
our government mostly wealthy and
corporations taking over and you know we
will need to implement and it and also
it depends on what amendment is
ultimately passed right whether it's the
Udall amendment and whether it's
something
more in line with what mr. Burke has
proposed what reform comes after the
amendment ultimately relies on what is
actually in the Amendment why it is
which is why this is such an important
conversation but again you know some of
the other reforms you know that I have
that I had mentioned before like
lobbying reform you know like public
financing of Elections
you know anti-corruption measures these
are you know critical I don't know
specifically you know the cases in
Brazil but I imagine that you know most
people would agree that our problems are
not just policy related right we have an
actual constitutional crisis on our
hands
that a matter of policy tweaks and
passing bills here or there can't fix
right our constitutional foundation has
been completely cracked which is why we
need the amendment and I think that you
know gatherings like these really raise
awareness on what would come next or
before right we don't have to wait for
an amendment necessarily to pass reforms
I think ultimately the amendment is the
is the best route to equal citizenship
equal participation in our government
but there are things that we can do in
the meantime and I think it's it's up to
all of us to participate in this process
right this is has to be a movement in
where people actually believe that the
constitutional amendment is possible
right and you know it seems as though
most people in this room would agree and
it's and and most people along party
lines agree right this is not a partisan
issue and we just got to make sure that
the tent is open and wide enough so that
people can join participate in this
movement and and again passed this
historic reform so real quick let me add
one thing to that which is that don't
get discouraged oh well you know this
country did that or in the past this has
happened and it hasn't worked because we
actually had a pretty good system here
for a while until Buckley v Valeo ruined
it so David and Caitlin are very right
about that citizens united shot a dead
horse Buckley v Valeo and Bilotti
is another really important case and
once those declared that money was
speech and they you could give unlimited
money in one way or another to
politicians
that's what ruined our system but before
that we actually you actually had to
commit a crime to bribe a politician I
know today in America that seems like
really why can't you just bribe them
alright and because they made it legal
now but in the old days you actually
went to jail for bribing politicians
that's why it wasn't done as much and we
had relatively clean now it's just open
season it's an auction going once going
twice Mitch McConnell okay 28 million
right so so we can get back to that time
and get real change
I'm gonna read another question here
other groups are calling the 28th
amendment the balanced budget amendment
how does this conflict and I'll take
that one because I'm trying to make it
as quickly as possible and then the next
question I'll hand over there so it
doesn't necessarily conflict like voting
conventions are nonpartisan so
Republicans are allowed to vote
Democrats are allowed to vote
Republicans are allowed to suggest
conventions Democrats are allowed to
suggest conventions and sometimes
they'll agree on a convention sometimes
they won't Democrats do not agree to a
balanced budget amendment it has passed
in 28 states but since it is not able to
combine with a convention of the states
or free and fair elections or any of the
other calls we have not had one thank
God and so I'm a huge believer in
conventions but but not in every
convention and and that's an issue that
I don't happen to agree with but you can
have different conventions for different
topics all right now next question is
how will this movement avoid the
failures of the ER a many of us thought
that were had popular support as well
actually I think that the biggest thing
that the Equal Rights Amendment which
would be equal rights for men and women
had going against it is that there was a
strategic decision way early on before
the 1980s push for the Equal Rights
Amendment that instead of fighting for
equal rights at the very beginning back
before women had the right to vote they
would strategically decide that they
would just go for the vote rather than
full equal rights for women because
that would be easier to get and the
logic of the susan b anthony x' and
Elizabeth Cady Stanton and the more
privileged folks that were in that
movement and I have much respect for
them of course but was that a pragmatic
question we need to go for the easier
option and then once we get the right to
vote then of course we will elect
politicians and then they will vote for
an Equal Rights Amendment because why
would they not because they will be our
politicians right and so here we are
today in 2018 and we don't even have an
Equal Rights Amendment for women in this
country because there was a strategic
decision that that would be too hard too
much and so we'll go for the easier
solution first which still took 70 years
to get done so I think part of the
problem is that if we don't actually
push for what we really need and what
must be done then when we compromise
later we're compromising ourselves and
we find ourselves not having gotten very
far in this agenda so that's what I
would say and because I am an organizer
I am gonna take a second to pass it
seems like people really want to have
this conversation about the amendment
unfortunately there's not that many
spaces in this conference to do that so
this is a conference that we're having
in June in Washington do you see that
I'd love to invite you all to so I'm
gonna run around and pass this out move
to a man's constitutional amendment to
abolish all the constitutional rights of
corporations in unions has been kicking
around in Congress for five or six years
one republican supports it after five or
six years of consistent lobbying and
effort this idea that corporate
constitutional rights are the
fundamental problem and anything less is
a compromise is a false narrative we
don't ignore what experts say how would
you feel if on the issue of climate
change someone told you don't listen to
the scientists don't listen to the
nonprofit industrial complex that wants
to fight climate change I think you'd be
taken aback so when I urge you to think
critically about a constitutional
amendment and you don't have to listen
to me but I do ask that you do your
homework
learn about corporate constitutional
rights and the different amendment
proposals and then article five
convention yourself because that's how
we
do our job as citizens not by taking
action on what rials us up the easiest
but by learning the issues and making a
concerted effort to do what needs to be
done so I just wanted to respond a
little bit to about corporate rights and
the fears around eliminating all
corporate rights so individuals will
still have all of their constitutional
rights and individuals can sue through
association or a third party sanding
depending on if it's an organization or
a corporation or what not if their
individual rights are being violated and
so they can still use the corporate
entity to bring forward lawsuits and
like Caitlin mentioned we can also pass
legislation to protect corporations in
whatever way we want to and including
other like unions and nonprofits and
stuff like that so while there are you
know there there are some concerns about
corporate constitutional rights being
eliminated there are also legal scholars
who have done a good job of talking
about associational standing and
third-party standing and other avenues
in which individuals will still maintain
their own rights and corporations won't
be usurping individual rights on this
one I agree with jasmine and Caitlyn and
look within Wolfpack there's also
disagreement about what exactly the
amendments should say which is healthy
and by the way it's nonpartisan and
there are Republicans who have good
ideas who actually do want to do
campaign finance reform so there's one
is in New Hampshire the person who
suggested look I don't mind getting
donors from in state but I don't know
why out of state guys get to donate into
in state and that's the one I'd like to
propose at a convention great wonderful
that's the whole point of a convention
so I happen to think that corporations
are this a while let's see actually this
do this real quick because I think
you'll enjoy this raise your hand if you
think a corporation is a human being let
the record note that no hands were
raised so I don't think that they have
constitutional rights endowed by their
inalienable or inalienable rights
endowed by their creator we're their
Creator and there's nothing inalienable
about their rights that doesn't mean
they don't have any rights if you take
away constitutional rights they still
legal rights the rights that we have
decided to give them but let's go to the
convention let's have those debates
let's come up with proposals and then
see who can ratify it in 38 states so
now there was a couple of good questions
in here including from a conservative
but I could only read half of it that
the handwriting was an issue sorry so
I'm gonna go to this one just because
the Constitution has no rules for how a
convention would work does that really
mean there are no rules or can you find
rules and other sources like the Due
Process Clause or the ordinary law of
agency the convention process but these
reports that I mentioned earlier like
Congressional Research Service they
point out that yes if we get to the
point of a convention again historically
it's more likely that if the states get
to a critical mass Congress will propose
an amendment on whatever subject that
happens to be but if we get there there
will be lots of resources for for
Congress we've had over 200
constitutional conventions at the state
level so we know how this process works
conventions are extremely familiar to to
our to just us as a country so and that
is what these legal reports point out
there so I'm just keep it short
I don't next one so many great questions
here what we organizations do to support
candidates who are supportive of the
push for a 28 amendment and will work in
office to get it passed and I could add
a corollary to that what will your
organization's do the ones who are not
supportive of the 28th amendment so
we've had a campaign for the last many
years and it will be going big in 2018
called pledge to amend where we target
folks running for office and ask them to
take a pledge to use their office to
support the amendment that's not just
folks running for Congress or president
or state legislature folks running for
City Council should actually be thinking
about this question as well and also the
people who run for City Council now are
likely to be state legislators when the
amendment actually comes up for
ratification and are those folks are
likely to be the most likely wants to be
in Congress and so starting early
educating folks who are interested in
serving the public
that the way that they need to do it is
by supporting this amendment effort and
using their office to do so and so we're
a 501 C 4 so we don't work explicitly on
candidate campaigns at this time but we
have our pledge to amend campaign and
ask them to take a stand and then let
our our base and our supporters know you
know in their in their in their
elections which candidates are for the
amendment and which ones are and they
get to say that in their own words so it
encouraged anybody running for office
anybody who working on anybody anybody's
political campaigns at any level to
encourage your candidates to take the
pledge to amend and then we have our
grassroots folks get involved in bird
dogging candidates and making sure that
they know that they need to tell us
where they stand and ultimately we need
to make this a litmus test issue for
voters so we actually have a voter
component to pledge to amend where
voters would pledge to only vote for
candidates that support the 28th
amendment and so that's that's how we
tackle wolf PAC has spent good time
energy and resources to support people
who have voted for their resolution
they've also spent good times and energy
eliminating politicians who didn't
that's why it's called wolf pack so and
I remember in Connecticut somebody
complained well that's ironic you guys
are spending money in politics to get
rid of money in politics I said yeah I
know
there's one way to fix that okay
so here's another good one that could be
viewed as conservative question should
term limits be part of our reform
amendment the deck is never more stacked
than when an incumbent defends his own
seat this would create more balance to
open seat races it is also very popular
and bipartisan sure again I think that
this gets back to what the actual
Amendment says right there are multiple
amendment proposals that are in Congress
multiple organizations that are backing
different amendment proposals we're
working with an organization called
fix-it-first America our good friend
Steve Lipscomb here in the in the crowd
supporting that amendment that was
introduced in the New Hampshire
legislature and that actually has a
component to end extreme partisan
gerrymandering along with it as well
right so again there are
a ton of different proposals that we can
look at and have these really important
debates have experts weigh in have the
general public weigh in on what the
actual amendment should say I don't I
don't particularly have one way or
another thinking on term limits but I
think that it's an important piece of
the conversation American promise is
spearheading a national program called
writing the 28th amendment which many
panel members are a part of where we are
having an open and deliberative process
to bring in experts judges lawyers and
as well as you know average citizens all
across the country to participate in
this in this historic process because
again and it gets back to what I was
saying before as millions of Americans
still need to be involved in this
process we think that they should have a
say in what the amendment says as well
not just folks you know that they work
at nonprofits not just lawyers not just
judges etc and so I encourage you to go
to American promise dotnet and check it
out it's a great program and we think
ultimately will lead to a consensus
amendment that we can all get behind so
all right we're doing a good job again
through the questions okay so one other
quick one and then we're going to get to
a one that's a little trickier
and by the way term limits we'll see you
at the convention propose it there okay
well why aren't more congressmen calling
openly for this amendment because
they're corrupt okay
no but but seriously think about it this
way they got power in this system so why
would they want to change this system it
doesn't work for any of the rest of us
but for the national guys not the state
guys not the local guys but for the
national guys they love this money in
politics because they're good at raising
money there are millionaires themselves
they know a lot of millionaires that's
how I got they got there if if it turns
out that you change the system on them
they're screwed so that is part of my
rationale for this Congress ain't never
going to pass it so that's why I think
this states is a better way to go or
change the Congress but you're gonna
have to do it on a mass scale good I
think we've got to be careful
and how we talk about members of
Congress or Congress as a whole
representative ted Lieu is my
congressional representative and i've
met with him about this amendment and
he's a knowledgeable good person in my
opinion who does not like having to
raise the amounts of money that he has
to raise and in my experience working in
Congress many members of Congress are
not fans of big money in politics and in
fact over a hundred already support
amendments to fight back against big
money in politics I think one of the
reasons this isn't on the tip of
people's tongues and why it's difficult
for us to succeed is because while this
is an important problem one of the most
important it never seems like an urgent
one it's not the kind of thing you can
just call your rep about and tell them
to vote this way tomorrow
and it's not the kind of thing that you
can only focus on intermittently so I
think as we get closer we will see more
members of Congress Tooting the horn and
speaking about amendments but frankly we
have a lot more urgent things to deal
with right now in this country so there
are a couple of good members of Congress
granted ted Lieu jamie raskin Roe Khanna
Bernie Sanders Elizabeth Warren I'm
almost out okay but okay let's go to the
next question how you spend all day
other one okay this sounds too
optimistic other writer writes here why
would a red state vote to have a
convention on this topic how would it be
in their political self-interest really
good question I'm just gonna say so
there are they're just very quickly very
quickly very quickly yeah there are a
number of red states that have been in
favor of this proposal there's a there's
a effort to put a question on the ballot
in Wyoming in 2018 that has a convention
proposal attached to it that would is a
call for amendment I'll remind everyone
in 2012 the state of Montana passed a
ballot initiative that 175 percent that
same year Mitt Romney won by 10 point
right so there are many of many red
states that would consider this a viable
solution and and good reform just real
quick there the short answer is moderate
Republicans don't want to be wiped out
by extreme Republicans and it happens
all the time I was recently in Nebraska
and somebody was telling me Republican
state senator there was telling me that
five reasonable well-liked moderate
Republicans were attacked you know by
big money during the last election and
were wiped out and replaced by
extremists so you know that goes back to
wolf pack's bottom line you know which
is we have really three things urgency
history and courage and this is
incredibly urgent that we fix this
problem because you know there are a lot
of reasonable good conservatives at the
state level right now same thing with
the Democrats but big money is coming
down for the state level too so we
really do have to be acting with urgency
up here and and someone said in the
earlier panel earlier the urgency of
collaboration which is I think a phrase
that we can all agree on
I hope moving forward - one thing I
would say on the conservative side of
things why would a red state support
this states rights
shortly after citizens united the state
of Arizona the voters passed a publicly
financed election system to combat the
corruption in their state nine unelected
judges struck it down even though the
public financing system didn't restrict
the speech of a single individual so red
states want reform too and states rights
is an important argument in favor of an
amendment for red states on that note
and in again it's a note of optimism
here because we've seen it actually at
the different state levels first of all
when you go to the voters we're in great
shape ninety-three percent of Americans
believe that politicians serve their
donors and not their voters so it is the
most bipartisan issue in the country
period period so when you go to ask
Republicans are your politicians corrupt
they universally say yes Democrats say
yes Republicans say yes
by the way if you want to talk to
Republican friends colleagues family
members ask them a simple question
after they say yes they're corrupt
because they almost all will who do you
think corrupted them okay those are the
donors okay those are the special
interests they say Oh Soros and
Bloomberg
okay fine but also Koch and Mercer
they'll say corporation unions
fine also corporations so let's get all
of the money out so we are going to go
to the grassroots all these groups are
in their own ways
Democratic grassroots but yes Republican
grassroots they are our allies on this
issue and some of them are in this room
okay and some of them are watching out
there and this is the one thing that
really really is nonpartisan and it's us
versus the current Democrats and
Republicans at the national level so
together the citizens can actually do
this and have done it every single time
all right so how can people help your
groups sure first thing you should do is
go to American promise dotnet American
promise net one of the things that
American promise does is it empowers
citizen leaders to do this work right
whether it is passing a local resolution
whether it's trying to put something on
a statewide ballot initiative whether
it's trying to get a a resolution pass
through the legislature I think all too
often so many groups will kind of slap
up an online organizing toolkit for
people to download and then say good
luck American promise has a much
different perspective and that how do we
support empower and connect people to do
this historic work it's it's going to
take so much more than just online
toolkits to do this work right so
starting chapters American promise
associations where you where we learn
about grassroots lobbying writing
letters to the editor building public
awareness educating the community is
such a huge piece to to building this
movement so check out American promise
net I hope all will get involved I'll be
around the entire conference if you want
to pull me aside and ask me a little bit
more but appreciate everyone's time and
it's been fun so thanks all right and
actually if you're in this room you can
you can get involved even sooner than
that right
I hope you are
so for us so for us if you want to get
involved the website is wolf dash
pack.com g4 jank probably say a million
times on the show wolf - yeah wolf - PA
see comm and you know same thing I think
everyone I think we can all agree that
one of the most important things that we
can all do is just get involved and
that's something that we stress a lot at
Wolfpack is not just learning about our
path you know to get this amendment and
get corruption out of our out of our
government but but just how to get
involved it's amazing how people how
many people don't realize how easy it is
to meet your state legislature I mean
just so many people come to us and they
just they don't even understand that you
can just call and it or you know or go
to a committee hearing and testify so
one of the things that we really pride
ourselves on is getting people into the
Statehouse and building relationships
with your legislators you know in states
where we've passed our resolution and
our volunteers are working on other
pieces of good government legislation
now because this is an ongoing process
you know and it's not even if we get xx
it's not a silver bowl you know to go
back to that this is always going to be
an ongoing process democracy is hard
work and it's messy and it's going to be
evolving for forever so I think the most
important thing that anyone can do is
just learn how to get involved and we
will you know we definitely spend a good
amount of time teaching our volunteers
how to do that so that's it thanks for
coming
if you want to learn more about what
we're doing at citizens take action
visit citizens take action org I'm here
for the rest of the conference you can
come talk to me I don't travel with an
entourage I would but I can't find three
people willing to travel with me I want
to say that earlier I talked about how
this is a important problem but never
seems like an urgent one if you care
about getting big money out of politics
make a commitment to yourself to work on
this consistently every now and then it
doesn't have to be your number one issue
or the number one destination for your
donor dollars but putting the time to
build the relationship with your
representative or give endorsements for
one amendment proposal or another
consistently work on this issue and
through enough pressure and enough time
we will get to where we need to be thank
you so move to amend is that moved to
amend.org and we've been working on this
issue for eight years like I said we
actually were working against corporate
constitutional rights before that we are
grassroots beats as well so we have
chapters all over the country and if you
want to get started with working with us
that's the best way is to find out if
there's a group near you or to start one
up with the only Amendment group with a
strategic plan which is written in order
to be transparent and accessible and
available and open to feedback and so I
have some copies here but you can also
find it at Move to Amend org slash plan
like I said pledge to amend is a big
campaign for us this year I hope
everyone will join us June 8th through
11th in Washington DC and our amendment
is called the We the People amendment
it's House Joint Resolution 48 and we
need to get it introduced in the Senate
and we're getting a lot of runaround
from senators saying oh this is
important and will co-sponsor but we
won't take the lead even the folks that
you would think would and so we need you
to call them if you live in Rhode Island
please come see me if you have any good
friends in Rhode Island please come see
me senator Whitehouse is one of our main
targets but we don't have a group on the
ground in Rhode Island and so if you
live there know somebody who does be
really helpful but every state has
active Move to Amend folks and we can
hook you up and so please come check us
out and thank you and please let
represent us know that this issue is
important when we're talking about money
in politics and that the amendment
discussion should be really central to
any conversations about getting money
out of politics so I want to end by
saying free speech for people isn't as
grassroots is a lot of these other
organizations we do have educational
materials and frameworks that I
personally work with a lot of the
grassroots activists in a variety of the
the different amendment movements but
with relation to urgency and how these
issues don't maybe necessarily seem as
urgent I actually created a framework
that centers grassroots activists that
come from marginalized community members
and have them highlight and discuss the
issues that are most important to them
and then correlated to how money and
politics is affecting those issues so
right now a lot of the conversation that
we see is about court cases or how much
money is being raised or what
corporations are benefiting from it but
we don't see how it affects the policy
so a lot of the work that I'm doing is
trying to also analyze how we can
approach you know grassroots groups
better with like showing hey this this
issue is affecting you directly so for
example I wrote a report of how money in
politics affects immigration policy and
you could find that at free speech for
people org as well as the framework that
centers individuals from marginalized
communities we also did a series of
events with including with Move to Amend
and American promise around the country
on how money in politics affects queer
and trans rights and not just money in
politics but also corporate rights and
so so if you want access to any of those
materials definitely go to free speech
for people org and absolutely get
involved with all of these groups in in
the grassroots level as well
thank you everybody for coming we really
appreciate it I love that you care about
this topic I love the enthusiasm in this
room let's go take that to the streets
let's whichever side of the route you
want to strike at have at it Hoss let's
take that tree down and let's get
democracy back for the people thank you
