Don Siegelman is the former Governor of
Alabama he was put into prison
by a cabal that we believe included karl
rove i believe it and i said at the time
that you were a political prisoner in
america it is an amazing story now
there's a movie out on Amazon and iTunes
called Atticus versus the Arctic
architect that shows that movie Governor
siegelman great to have you back on the
TYT Network well it's it's good to be
with you thank you very much and it's
been a while but it wasn't my fault that
is certainly true governor was just
released on February 8th of 2017
so governor Siegelman let's go all the
way to the beginning for people who
haven't heard the story so you were an
enormous ly popular governor in Alabama
of all places a Democratic governor who
pulled really well in Alabama and and
and the Republicans down there were or
were not fond of you and they couldn't
figure out a way to stop you so they did
come up with something and what was that
well it wasn't it wasn't at the ballot
box at first they said it was Karl
Rove's
client who started the investigation the
state attorney general and it was later
kicked into high gear by Carl Rose
business partners wife who had been
appointed as the US Attorney by George W
Bush it was it funded by Jack Abramoff
who I called Karl Rove's bagman some
twenty million dollars was pumped into
Alabama by the through Abramoff the
Christian Coalition and the Americans
taxpayers for tax payers performed a
Grover Norquist's group so they funneled
all this money in to defeat me and to
defeat my education Lottery
proposal the the the proposal would have
damaged the Choctaw Indians gaming
monopoly in the southeast but that the
the political conspiracy and the
economic conspiracy came together the
election in 2002 my reelection in 2002
was stolen by Karl Rove's client the
Attorney General of Alabama who
certified some false ballots before it
was legally allowable and with that we
were thrown into a situation where my
request for a hand count was impossible
the so you know that's that took us to a
point when I was seeking re-election in
2000 I was going into 2006 beginning
every governor yes oh we go to 2006 in
that and the charge they brought against
you I want to stay on that election you
characterises stolen for a second so I
know that they certified the vote a
couple of days in advance of when they
were supposed to and they wouldn't let
anyone look at the the ballasts that you
thought had been played around with but
why did you think that that they was
impropriety there and and then I'm
curious do those ballots still exist
somewhere I know that the you know their
problems in Alabama won't let anybody
see him but are they there somewhere I'm
sorry was who there somewhere I could
the the ballots that that might have had
impropriety back in the election they
say you lost I mean for those of you who
don't know you'll see it in the movie
but governor Siegelman was coming out to
accept his victory when all of a sudden
they said oh no some votes have changed
in a particular County and they wouldn't
let anybody see those votes they just
claimed they were changed and then said
he had lost so so the the day of the
election
and in 2002 I we went to we we went to
bed that night after CNN and CBS and NBC
had all declared that I had won the
election and the votes have been tallied
they all of the votes had been reported
in there was one County Baldwin County
that reported late but even though I
lost the County I want it by enough to
swing the election of my way at around
four o'clock in the morning I was
awakened by security who told me that I
was needed back at the office that
something was happening with the votes
in Baldwin County when I got to the
office I was told that a new set of
election results had been produced after
midnight after everybody had been sent
home after the news media and the
representatives from the political
parties that had left the courthouse a
new set of numbers was immediately
produced some four or five minutes later
where I had my vote had been diminished
by some 6,000 ballots and 6,000 votes
and those were simply given to my
opponent it should should be you know of
course noted that the my opponent was
supported by Abramoff and and Ralph Reed
and Carl Rove and the whole you know
that all these folks that we've been
talking about the so when we realized
that the election something had happened
they said it was a computer glitch in
one precinct in one voting place there
were 6,000 votes that had shifted but
the governor's race was the only race
where the votes that those missing votes
had impacted it didn't impact a single
down ballot position so there were no
votes taken from the lieutenant governor
attorney general or anybody else just
from the governor's race so we need
there there
you know something was wrong it could
not be could not be right so we asked
for a hand recount simply of that one
precinct and that was when Karl Rove's
client stepped in and seized the ballot
seize the election returns took him to
Montgomery and certified the the set of
ballots which we were questioning and
which everyone now concludes was was was
a set of numbers which were hacked one
of one of the players in Alabama who was
who went to work immediately for the Tom
DeLay and Jack Abramoff company the
Alexandria group was on Bob Riley staff
my opponent staff and he was he claimed
credit for finding the votes to swing
the election to his boss Congressman
Riley so do those ballots still exist
somewhere locked up in a safe somewhere
in Alabama and there no one seems to
know where those ballots went after they
were seized by the Attorney General so
they haven't been haven't been counted
and they haven't been they had nobody
knows where they are and and and
governor Jack Abramoff was later
convicted on corruption charges on
separate matters so he came out of
prison and said he was a reformed man in
these fighting and the corruption in
politics do you believe the reform Jack
Abramoff well you know I believe that he
and the answer is no I don't believe
everything I think he has selective
memory although he did admit on camera
that they spent 20 million dollars to
defeat me and that I had to be stopped
because I was a threat to their client
so you know at least he was partially
truthful and in that regard but clearly
you know this was a political political
hit because they they simply couldn't
beat me at you know fair and square at
the polls
okay now let's head back to 2006 so
you're thinking of running for
re-election logically so under these
circumstances or what happens next well
in 2003 there were some political
surveys both from the mobile register
and the Birmingham News both of which
showed that in a head-to-head contest
with my my opponent that he the then
incumbent Bob Riley that I would beat
him nearly two to one it was at that
point that the chairman of the
Republican Party was summoned to
Washington to meet with Jeff Sessions to
see under what parameters Jeff Sessions
might be the Republican nominee to run
against me in 2006 the it was it was
Jeff Sessions retired FBI agents not the
FBI that investigated and built the two
cases against me one of his agents was
named bill on the other Jack Brennan
they spent years doing nothing but
investigating and trying to find some
way to bring some charges against me so
even though sessions ended up not
running in 2006 it was his agents that
built the case and of course the first
case was in 2004 it was brought on a the
last day of a five-year statute and the
the judge who was a presiding judge who
had been on the bench for nearly 30
years
said it was the most unfounded criminal
case over which he had presented in his
entire judicial career that the second
case was brought Alice was brought to
trial one month before the reelection in
2006 by the by the US attorney whose
husband was the campaign manager form
onin mr. Riley it's--that's that alone
right there is such a preposterous
conflict of interest that it's how could
they have allowed that to continue
well I we had been asking since 2006 for
the records of the Department of Justice
which which dealt with this this
attorney I request for this prosecutor
to be recused because her husband was
being paid to defeat me we were told
that David Margolis the Deputy Attorney
General had approved her going forward
in in the case saying that there was no
conflict no no conflict in fact but she
said the the US attorney said she was
going to recuse even though she didn't
have to but we've been asking for those
records now since 2006 and still haven't
seen them
what did come to light however in a
secret Department of Justice memo that
with our letter that was sent to the
House Judiciary Committee under seal
which still is under seal but was
brought to light by the project on
governmental oversight about two years
ago in the letter the government admits
that the lead prosecutor in my case was
emailing my opponent's son and campaign
manager giving them updates on the
investigation and the prosecution it is
a you know clearly this this says that
this was a political prosecution the
lead prosecutor was emailing my opponent
son giving him updates on the
investigation saying that he was
frustrated because it wasn't moving
along fast enough and that he and a
group of like-minded conservative
prosecutors were committed to doing
their job meaning to
me so you know we're still fighting
we're still fighting in federal court
now in Birmingham Alabama to get those
documents released so the equivalent of
that would be the lead prosecutor
against Donald Trump which would be
Robert Muller
if he was continually updating Chelsea
Clinton with how the prosecution of
Donald Trump was going could you imagine
what the Republican reaction to that
would be yeah we've we've seen the
Republican reaction to here in this
recent memo that they that they release
you know their but yes if if the same
thing if the shoe is on the other foot
as I say they would be they would be
screaming loudly for criminal justice
reform and there are some things that
that really should be done that and
maybe this is a good time to talk about
that but you know they're prosecutors
and investigators in the United States
are free to twist arms to cajole and to
pressure witnesses to say what the
prosecutors want them to say prosecutors
are free to to lie they're free to get
witnesses to to change their testimony
to fit what what it is that the
prosecutors want to have to make a
conviction to get a conviction because
there there is no checks and balances
there's no accountability there's
there's there's no way to hold
prosecutors and investigators
accountable for intentional and willful
misconduct because they are generally
immune from civil liability prosecutors
are absolutely immune unless there is
you know some memo that they've written
saying that they are knowingly
presenting false testimony but the this
the solution to this is is
is fairly simple in fact President Obama
when he was a senator proposed that all
in all interviews with targets and
witnesses be recorded and those
recordings be turned over through the
defense the reason for that would be to
show you know if prosecutors were trying
to twist arms or if they were
threatening a witness by you know saying
hey we're gonna go after your wife or
your husband or your father or mother
you know you're a child if you don't you
know change your testimony you know they
would be constrained from from making
those kinds of threats if they were you
know being videoed and those videos made
available to the defense also the
defense could see the progression of in
changing a person's testimony if every
interview was recorded so it's it's go
ahead yeah so I wanted to ask about Oh
president Obama knows as well because
you just mentioned him there now look if
I thought this was a real case of
corruption I'd be furious and completely
opposed to governor siegelman and it's
not like I you don't know how to oppose
Democrats so but you have to understand
the context in October 2015 more than a
hundred former attorney generals and
officials both Democrats and Republicans
said that his prosecution was marred by
prosecutorial misconduct the kind of
misconduct that he was just referring to
there so it's not just Democrats even
Republican attorney generals were like
this is outrageous what happened to
governor siegelman so now knowing all
that I see it I and I interviewed you
before and I saw the evidence back then
do you think that President Obama should
have done more to help you in your case
not not in any wrong way but to simply
ask for justice well you know the
difficulty was that David Margolis who
was the number two man in the Justice
Department the highest ranking civil
servant he had been there longer than
anyone else he recently passed away
but Margulis was the one who approved
the charging decisions he was the one
who allowed lure canary even though her
husband was working for my opponent to
continue involved in being involved in
the case by saying that there was no
actual conflict when a whistleblower
came forward and gave testimony to Eric
Holder that she had a Department of
Justice employee came forward giving
testimony that she had witnessed the
prosecution and the investigators
pressuring and cajole and cajoling
their key witness to remember things he
clearly did not recall she was fired
fired by Margolis and so it was and also
keep in mind that Margolis was involved
in the firing of the US Attorney's back
in 2006 I believe it was david Iglesias
and all of those guys and he was also
involved in replacing them he went to
the White House to work with on the
political side to help pick the people
to go back into these US Attorney's lots
of these people who were fired because
they wouldn't do Carl Rose political
bidding so Margolis was so involved in
this case that and he is the guy that
assault was also in charge of reviewing
prosecute prostitute or allegations of
prosecutorial misconduct so you know
this guy was in the catbird seat he
wasn't gonna you know it was the fox
guarding the hen house so however you
want to say it so I'm not sure to what
extent Eric Holder and President Trump
could be held responsible for the
misconduct or not alleviating the
misconduct because I don't know to what
extent they actually became aware of the
misconduct now the the independent
documentary which she mentioned earlier
places some blame on Eric Holder because
the Covington and Burling the firm that
he worked for represented Karl Rove the
represented Karl Rove in in the matter
of the firing of the US attorney and
also in the allegations that the House
Judiciary Committee made that there was
selective prosecution in misconduct in
my case and they also represented Rove
when the 20 million emails went missing
so Eric Holder's law firm if not Eric
Holder himself had some connection with
karl rove yeah and in the movies of
course Atticus versus the architect and
you can get it at Atticus V the
architect comes on Amazon and iTunes as
well to get the whole story and and look
you had a funny Freudian slip in there
you said President Trump when you meant
President Obama but perhaps telling in
that slip no I give them no quarter so
you've got a leftover Republican in
Margolis who was complicit in some of
the worst decisions in the Bush
administration and my guess is that
Holder and Obama as usual went well if
we act and to actually see if there was
an propriety here the Republicans will
yell at us so let's not do it that's
that's usually their modus operandi yeah
and I think that you know they were they
were running scared from the from the
tag he dropped his hand from taking the
oath of office when he said you know
we're gonna look forward not backward
which meant you know we're not going to
investigate why we went into war under
false pretenses we're not going to
investigate or hold responsible those
people who engaged in torture and you
know we're not going to look at past
stolen elections or worry about how to
prevent elections from being stolen in
the future you know if I was I was very
disappointed in the fact that they were
not going to look at not just my case
but also
you know how those people accountable
for the misdeeds that they did during
the Iraq and Afghan war so we're running
short on time so I didn't want to ask
you one one other thing we recently had
two corruption cases Governor
McDonnell's the Republican in Virginia
and Senator Menendez who's Democrat in
New Jersey how would you compare your
case of what they charge was corruption
compared to those other cases well you
know and in my case there was no
allegation that I benefited by a single
penny
there was no allegations that I got you
know gifts or trips or you know spending
sprees or whatever you know or care or
even campaign contributions to my
campaign I was convicted of bribery
because I was pushing this education
lottery referendum which you know of
course Jack Abramoff and his folks were
on the other side of and I had solicited
you know money for television ads and
all the other stuff that goes in trying
to get a referendum passed by the people
and I had reappointed one of the donors
to a board on which he had he had been
appointed by three previous governors
there was no allegation of a quid pro
quo much less an explicit one but the
way they proved their case or got the
jury to buy into their case was by
twisting the arm of this one witness
Nick Bailey who has later sort of
recanted but you know calling his own
testimony be yes but but anyway the they
they pressured him because of his sexual
orientation and and and threatened to
expose that to the inmates and in
Atlanta if he didn't cooperate they
interviewed him over 70 times before he
finally broke and just said you know
tell me what you want me to say and he
did and but even even with that they
still did not show that there was any
kind of allegation and they didn't
allege that there was an explicit or an
express quid pro quo in the case of
McDonald he took an overwhelming number
of gifts and he was convicted and a jury
did that rather easily but the Supreme
Court decided yeah okay that kind of
corruption where you actually take gifts
from lobbyists and then do what they
tell you to do is fine but government
siegelman what he did is not fine and
deserves to be in prison
it is maddening I think this entire
system is built on corruption and these
campaign money going to the coffers of
the politicians and to end to dark money
and independent expenditures I think
that's a it's a crime against our
democracy but in the case of Governor
siegelman he didn't even get campaign
contributions let alone any actual gifts
like Governor McDonnell yet he went to
prison and the others didn't so you know
I don't I'm not I'm not here to judge
Menendez or Governor McDonnell's actions
but I you know clearly there's a
difference you know I didn't I didn't
get $1,500 hotel rooms and I wasn't
involved in soliciting you know whatever
you know and it just you know it was a
it was a clear case of the government
wanting to put me in prison and they did
the you know it
seeing they not only had the prosecutor
whose husband was my opponent's campaign
manager they not only had the Attorney
General who was Karl Rove's client they
not only had Jack Abramoff who pumped 20
million dollars into the state to defeat
me but they also had the judge Jeff
sessions had nominated this guy back in
2002 to serve on the federal bench and
it was at that time that I had he was a
district attorney before he went on the
federal bench and I had discovered that
he had basically built the the state
retirement system out of $300,000 for to
reward his chief investigator it went to
court and the court ruled that that
fuller had acted improperly and that
$300,000 was put back into the State
Retirement System it was a it was a huge
embarrassment for this judge who was new
to the federal bench well judge marked
Fuller who should have recused himself
did not and instead use that opportunity
at trial to punish me for what he
perceived was a political act back in
2002 another interesting point about
Jeff Sessions in 2003 when Bill Pryor
Karl Rove's client was nominated by
sessions to go on the federal bench in
Atlanta as as part of the Eleventh
Circuit Jeff made the comment publicly
that he would have appointed I would
have gotten bill on the bench earlier
but they needed a Republican governor in
place first this was right after
sessions I mean right after bill Pryor
had participated in the illegal
certification of the 2002 elections yeah
I think the pattern is clear
I believe there was corruption in
Alabama it just wasn't done by you it
was done to you so every check out
Atticus versus the architect will have a
link down below of course as well that
you can click on and Governor Don
Siegelman a pleasure to have you back
with us both in free society and here at
the TYT Network well I appreciate it and
I certainly appreciate the good work
that you guys do you bring up a lot of
topics that nobody else is willing to
talk about and when you do there's a
great deal of clarity and what you say
and how you present it so thank you
Thank You governor
