so Donald Trump has been bragging about
the Republican tax plan as have all the
Republicans they have been absolutely
joyous about it now for decades I heard
them talking about balanced budgets
apparently they never meant it and that
is when people ask me why I left the
Republican Party that's one of the
reasons I give I said look look I was a
fiscal conservative in a lot of ways I'm
still a fiscal conservative and I just
thought that they meant it when they
said they were gonna balance budgets and
it turns out they never do do you know
who the last Republican president is to
have left office with a balanced budget
Dwight Eisenhower
they never balanced budgets they have no
interest in doing that and they proved
it in this case by passing that
monstrous tax bill for the rich by the
year 2027 83% of the benefits will go to
the top one percent and almost everyone
under the income of $75,000 will be
paying more in taxes not less
they redistributed the wealth to the top
well how about the deficit what did it
dude to that well get a load of this new
article in The Washington Post the
federal government is on track to borrow
nearly 1 trillion dollars this fiscal
year Trump's first full year in charge
of the budget you blew up the budget
it's not gonna be anywhere near balanced
it is totally out of control but ok
let's see of context maybe things were
worse before well that figure is almost
double what the government borrowed in
fiscal year 2017 oops
he made it way way worse so if you're a
Republican who liked that tax plan
that's okay I think you're wrong I think
it'll do great damage to the economy and
I think that damage has already begun
but you cannot say you're for that tax
bill and say that you care about
balanced budgets because you just proved
you don't and and Obama was handed a
massive shortfall because of the 2008
collapse also brought on by tax cuts for
the rich from george w bush wow what a
coincidence so he brought the deficit
all the way down and as he was bringing
it down now trump is gonna bring it back
up clinton brought the deficit down bush
sky
rocketed back up Reagan skyrocketing
deficits they never ever carried cared
about balanced budgets or deficits it
was a lie all along now more context
here are the exact figures the US
Treasury expects to borrow nine hundred
and fifty five billion dollars this
fiscal year according to documents
released Wednesday by the Treasury
Department that's Trump's Treasury
Department you can't call it fake news
it's the highest amount of borrowing in
six years and a big jump from the five
hundred and nineteen billion dollars the
fellow gram borrowed last year so way
way worse and more fiscally
irresponsible than Obama facts are
stubborn things as a Republican
president once said so why are we gonna
have to borrow so much money well in a
report this week the Congressional
Budget Office which is nonpartisan said
tax receipts are going to be lower
because of the new tax law to which I
say of course no Republicans have this
voodoo economics which in this case they
were too embarrassed to say well the
economy will grow so much we we won't
have a budget problem they confess that
the budget will grow by at least a
trillion and all the way up to
potentially one and a half trillion
dollars because of this tax plan in
particular but they have this theory
that it'll only be a trillion and a half
because once you cut taxes the economy
will bloom if you've seen the stock
market over the last couple of days and
that is by no means the only indication
of how well the economy is doing
sometimes a very poor indication well
the last couple of days it has been
crashing hard because they pump too much
money into the economy both through the
Federal Reserve and through Trump's tax
plan needed too many stock buybacks and
overinflated and guess what created a
bubble in the stock market of course
leading to potential inflation down the
road something else that I predicted a
little bit earlier in the show in in the
show which was a I should say a couple
of weeks ago and so when you have this
out-of-control tax cut know the economy
does not magically grow
a supply-side economics thing
trickle-down economics has not worked it
has been shown over and over again and
so when the economy does not magically
grow the numbers get worse and worse and
worse for our budget so what's next then
for the Republicans well Washington Post
explains the uptick in borrowing is yet
another complication in the heated
debates in Congress oh they're over
whether to spend more money on
infrastructure the military disaster
relief and other domestic programs the
deficit is already up significantly even
before Congress a lots more money to any
of these areas you understand what's
happening now they're turning around
Grove sorry we have no money left so
disaster relief no not as much the
military note we're over funding the
military they're giving even more than
Trump asks for both the Republicans and
the Democrats because the corruption for
the defense contractors must continue
unabated just no relief for us so
infrastructure that might have helped
you not as much later now they're
talking about increasing payroll taxes
that mainly goes on in the middle class
and so and they're gonna say oh well
what can we do we ran out of money we're
gonna cut your Social Security and
Medicare and Medicaid so that's what's
coming next we told you what happened
and it is now happening so more context
here the White House got a taste of just
how problematic this debt situation
could get this week investors are
concerned about all the additional
borrowing and the likelihood of higher
inflation which is why the interest
rates on US government bonds hit the
highest level since 2014
that in turn partly drove the worst
weekly sell-off in the stock market in
two years and there heather long was
referring to the sell-off of friday
sorry the sell-off on monday is of a
similar magnitude so the sell-off and
the bubble crash continues now Peter
Davis who was a former tax economist
says so my Wall Street clients are
starting to talk recession in 2019
because of these issues fiscal policy is
just out of control so if you're talking
recession in 2019
that would be an optimistic scenario now
you might want to speed up that clock
Trump's Treasury forecast boring over a
trillion in 2019 and over 1.1 trillion
in 2020 in other words this is not an
aberration this year it is mind blowing
gigantic deficits as far as the eye can
see and you get almost nothing in return
today Paul Ryan bragged you might get a
dollar 50 a week extra meanwhile
trillions going to the rich and creating
gigantic deficits and finally before
taking office Trump described himself as
the king of debt well perhaps that is
the one thing that he was accurate about
here we are in America suffering under
the king of debt if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
