the Super Bowl last night between the
Eagles and the Patriots might have been
the greatest game ever played there I
said it
now it's out there I'm not talking about
just Super Bowls and in order to be the
greatest Super Bowl that's a hell of a
thing right there
you had the Steelers Cardinals game from
a bunch of years back which was amazing
the James Harrison run back and back and
forth back and forth that game when you
had of course the Patriots with the
amazing comeback last year which no one
thought could be top this Patriots
Seahawks game from a couple years ago
35:31 pittsburgh vs. dallas back in 1979
and in terms of overall NFL games the
legendary Chargers Dolphins game in the
Superbowl in it in the 1980s I hear you
on all of that but my god last night was
a hell of a game and I would argue yes
the greatest game ever played so here's
my reasoning look the falcons had a huge
lead at the end of in the big middle and
towards the end of last year's Super
Bowl and the Patriots did one of the
greatest comebacks you've ever seen
Patriots have done some of those most
stunning upsets and have suffered some
of the most stunning upsets in Super
Bowl history but those were one-sided
Affairs the Falcons did everything right
in the first half the Patriots did
everything right in the second half in
this game both teams that certainly
offensively but I could make an argument
that that that the offense has just
overwhelmed otherwise good defenses
played spectacularly throughout there
was only one punt in the game that's
unbelievable
the Eagles punted once and that's it the
Patriots never punted and and that is
relevant to the story because the most
important part was it was a title fight
from round one all the way to the end
punch after punch it was ali-frazier and
neither side relented they blocked both
played like champions over 1,100 yards
overall in the game Nick Foles was one
of the best QB performances
ever in a Super Bowl and he's in the top
six in terms of QB rating but I think it
went beyond that it was spectacularly
clutch not only throwing four touchdowns
but obviously famously now catching a
touchdown pass as well and do I have to
bother saying that was the best
performance by a backup quarterback in
Super Bowl history of course it was one
of the best performances period he beat
the legendary Tom Brady at his own game
including of course the most famous play
that now hopefully a lot of you have
seen already where there was a trick
play on fourth and goal first of all
going for it on fourth and Colt goal
amazing courageous exactly the right
move the removed that I scream into my
TV they should make all the time but
never do but they did and in under the
most intense pressure in a Super Bowl at
the end of a half and and almost any
other coach would kick the field goal
instead but Peterson went for it and not
only that secondarily they did a trick
play
it makes encourage number two and number
three they did a play where the
quarterback caught the ball which is
exactly what the Patriots tried earlier
in the game but Tom Brady had alligator
armed it okay look Brady doesn't like
getting hit and the Eagles hit him and
hit him a lot in the first half great
credit to the Patriots offensive line in
the second half that incredibly good
Eagles defense couldn't get to him all
second half with the obvious exception
of the gigantic play at the end where
they got the Brady and made him fumble
so you know the Eagles defense I know
they give up 33 points but but they play
strong they played hard I know the
Patriots defense gave up 41 points but
and they and they don't have the best of
defenses but but they also played hard
and I never sensed choking from either
side
I never says let up on either side and
they went round for round and then
finally on tug Doug Peterson arguably
and I an updated look I'm declaring in
second declaration
that's not it that might also be true
but I meant this Doug Peterson best
coaching performance in the Superbowl
ever he not only went for it on fourth
and goal and delivered at the end of the
half on that trick play he went for a
Ford on fourth down late in the game in
his own territory
I know thousands of cowardly coaches who
would have punted it is not the right
move the right move is to be courageous
the Eagles played without fear that is
how you play the Patriots you want to be
a champion you got to fight like a
champion and you got to play like a
champion and they did they assumed they
were better than the Patriots and all
along the way as jr. said on TYT sports
afterwards they punch them in the mouth
so Junior Michael sure Ricky Strom and I
that a post game immediately following
there after the game where we went nuts
that's everyone was going nuts that's on
t whitey sports youtube.com slash TYT
sports we'll have the link down below on
YouTube for you guys in a comment
section on Facebook by the way there's
an eye in the corner and if you if
you're watching on YouTube and and if
you go over that I that'll also always
give you the links all you got to do is
click on it so check out all t whitey
sports coverage of the Super Bowl but
that was amazing and I by the way credit
to the Patriots because they lost didn't
mean they played poorly they also played
like champions but now without further
ado I must say ladies and gentlemen we
got him
Down Goes the Patriots Down Goes the
Patriots Down Goes the Patriots and they
weren't going down willingly it was a
heroic effort by the Eagles to bring
them down best game ever in a Super Bowl
arguably the best game ever period in
the NFL best coaching performance in a
Super Bowl arguably the best coaching
performance overall in a season playoffs
in Super Bowl by Pederson and arguably
the best quarterbacking performance ever
hi all people Nick Foles which goes to
show you Doug Peterson is a hell of a
coach you just watch the video by the
young turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
