tonight is Donald Trump's first State of
the Union address and the reason I say
Union is because if you've seen the
tickets to the event they managed to
somehow misspelled the word Union and it
is instead written as you in IOM
nonetheless first State of the Union
address tonight and for the price of at
least $35 possibly as much as $2,700 you
too can have your name scroll across the
bottom of the screen as a verified bona
fide Donald Trump campaign supporter
according to Donald Trump's official
campaign website the names of
individuals who donate between $35 and
$2,700 will be put in a scroll across
the bottom of the screen during the
State of the Union address which means
that yes Donald Trump finally found a
way to profit off of the State of the
Union address you know we really
shouldn't be surprised at anything that
comes out of this administration at this
point but what this does the reason
Trump is doing this is one the money
obviously that's why he does everything
he does but two because he thinks
American citizens are as egotistical and
disgusting as he is that he believes
people will donate money just to see
their name go across the bottom of that
screen for five seconds that little 5
seconds of fame should be more than
enough to satisfy the peons throughout
this country according to Donald Trump
well guess what most of us don't care
most of us don't care to have our names
go across the bottom of the screen to
prove to the rest of the country that we
were stupid enough to send you money for
your next campaign which at this point
probably won't even happen but
nonetheless that's what Donald Trump has
done that's their plan give them at
least $35 and your names gonna go across
the bottom of that screen hopefully
they'll have somebody there
spell-checking it since obviously this
administration is really really bad
with spelling a few other things to
point out about tonight's State of the
Union address I can guarantee you that
tomorrow we're going to see some pundits
newspapers other members of the press
saying Donald Trump looked presidential
well he does not look presidential
the State of the Union has not yet
happened but I can guarantee you based
on everything we've seen from Donald
Trump he is not going to act
presidential during one second of
tonight's State of the Union address
furthermore it's going to be filled with
lies that the media will do a very poor
job of debunking immediately after the
speech and the American public will just
continue as usual and the third
prediction I have is that sometime
either tonight after the speech or
tomorrow we will see Donald Trump tweet
out that this was the highest-rated
most-watched State of the Union address
ever even though we will eventually get
numbers in that show that it in fact was
not I guarantee you that will happen
thanks for watching and if you like what
you see here on Ring of Fire we
encourage you to subscribe to our
Channel you can see the little subscribe
button down there but if you're watching
it on another device where you can't see
it go to youtube.com slash the Ring of
Fire hit subscribe be notified every
time we get a new video
