one of the most embarrassing nominees
Donald Trump tried to get through the
Senate last year was a woman by the name
of Kathleen Hartnett white you're seeing
her there she is
throughout her career a fossil-fuel
defender and many times science denier
and so of course she was being nominated
to head the White House Council on
Environmental Quality she was not high
quality herself but the council is
here's what it does we're gonna give you
all the information about her but here
is what she was going to be in charge of
the Council on Environmental Quality
coordinates federal environmental
efforts in the US and works closely with
agencies and other White House offices
on the development of environmental and
energy policies and initiatives so
there's some science in there and some
coordination and make sure that when it
comes to energy and the environment and
all of that you know we're doing the
right thing and so let's talk a little
bit about what she stands for because
although last year she had one of them
as I said the most embarrassing hearings
and Sheldon Whitehouse asked her a bunch
of embarrassing science questions that
she didn't know the answer of and she
made it through the committee on a
party-line vote but then once she got to
the Senate they declined to actually
consider voting for her but she is
coming back up again I guess they think
why not so they're gonna be putting her
back up but here are some of the things
that she has said in the past that might
give you reason to think that she's not
actually qualified to head up this
office at one point she said there is in
fact a historical connection between the
abolition of slavery and humanity's
first widespread use of energy from
fossil fuels so you I mean oil and gas
are great because they end slavery so
that's good you're going to be shocked
to find out who financed her entire
career in a minute we'll get but to be
fair to her though John Brown the
abolitionists first CEO of Chevron a
little known fact
little known fact there yeah and I
remember Harriet Tubman saying I
couldn't build this railroad without
ExxonMobil mm-hmm yeah what do you think
the train runs on spark
think about it let's see there is a 2015
video in which she praises the quote
really beneficial impacts of carbon
dioxide in our atmosphere satellites
already show a greening of the earth in
part from very small amount of carbon
dioxide involved with using fossil fuels
so I love that she's trying to like
should I try to get two for one there
she wants you to believe against all
evidence that the carbon dioxide is is
better for the environment but she also
doesn't want to imply that the fossil
fuels are producing a lot of it so
you're getting all that benefit from the
tiny amount of carbon that's coming from
fossil fuels and of course there's no
scientific basis for any of what she's
saying there but it certainly does sound
good at this point she also said this no
matter how many times the president EPA
and press rants about dirty carbon
pollution there is no pollution about
carbon itself as the dictionary will
tell you carbon is the chemical basis of
all life our flesh blood and bones are
built of carbon carbon dioxide is the
gas of life on this planet an essential
nutrient for plant growth on which human
life depends how craftily our government
has masked these fundamental realities
and the environmental benefits of fossil
fuels now there's no way the fossil fuel
industries paying her to say no I know
she's an expert I know she's an
independent expert she's a carbon
enthusiast you know why she loves bones
she did you know what they are carbon
flesh carbon okay
now carbon combined with other elements
might create a different situation and
it might have different effects I'm
pretty sure we're not putting flesh and
bones in the atmosphere No and and
carbon dioxide might have different
effects at different levels but no no no
just flesh and bones that's all it is
man yeah yes so if you guys could use
your ears listen to this your ears by
the way made of carbon so another good
benefit of carbon so what she's trying
to say there is that the concerns over
pollution caused by burning of fossil
fuels like oil and gas and all that
stuff doesn't make any sense because
carbon comes out but carbon isn't
pollution yes Kathleen that is true but
other stuff is an oil
as well and when you burn it that stuff
comes out and you'll be shocked to find
out hopefully before you head up this
office in the white house the carbon
heavy pollution from coal is responsible
for 3 million deaths every single year
because carbon dioxide not the only
thing coming out of it it would be bad
even if it was but there's all sorts of
other particulate matter that gets in
the atmosphere and then causes
respiratory illness in a number of other
ailments and so yeah there's some bad
stuff coming out of it we also have some
other quotes from her as the evidence
for unprecedented warming temperatures
extreme weather events declining Arctic
ice and rising sea levels wanes at first
I thought that oh she accepts the
overwhelming scientific consensus of
climate change no she does not she
thinks there's less and less evidence
every year the entrenched warmest grasp
for familiar tags such as pollution or
environmental protection to sanitize
their grand schemes to decarbonize human
societies and here if you combine a
couple of her statements if what the
Liberals are trying to do is decarbonize
humanity and humanity's made of carbon
what do you think happens to you yeah so
let's pause there I know we've gotten
used to the fact that Republicans live
in an alternate reality and they believe
in crazy things but putting inside
Oliver totally wrong counterfactual
statements about climate change carbon
etc etc then there she says that the
Liberals have this grand scheme to
decarbonize human societies if you
consider me you really believe that like
that Liberals have gotten together and
it again it's another case of projection
cuz conservatives do conspiracies like
she's funded as we show you by the oil
companies of course right and and it's a
conspiracy to make her appear to be a
legitimate credible expert in the field
and then just do propaganda for them so
I guess they assume that liberals also
have propaganda of conspiracies right
but our conspiracy is to decarbonize the
world one no one knows what that means
okay rid of all the bones jank no more
bone
well you know of course the liberal who
runs the secret council is known as the
bone crusher okay and he does it all
without a spine he just has sort of like
their because he practices what he
preaches she is up for a really
important position regarding science and
and the environment specifically and and
she believes there's a grand scheme by
all liberals who got together in the
world to decarbonize all of us here's
she should be in an insane asylum yeah
yeah here's the problem though jank like
that was intended to scare you and just
scare me but as I'm reading I'm thinking
decarbonized Society I actually like
that framing of it because we
desperately do need to decarbonize to
some extent the way we produce and
utilize energy certainly I don't want to
take your flesh and bones I want to be
very clear about that but I do think
that we should emit less carbon in the
atmosphere that would be good let's do
that you get together with the Chinese
to come up with that idea
look why would you want to have less
carbon dioxide because of all the
effects that now by the way it's not no
longer 97% of the world's scientists
somehow the Chinese have hoodwinked
99.5% of the world's scientists okay why
would they want to have less carbon
dioxide in the atmosphere unless it was
hurting us all it was hurting the planet
and it was warming things up and causing
more extreme weather patterns or maybe
it's because they want to get rid of
your flesh and bone
she all said there's one more thing I
just think this is funny because she's
targeting a particular Cable News
commentator in a 2014 blog post she
wrote referring to MSNBC's Chris Hayes
sometimes a single voice throws in hard
relief the delusion misanthropy an
unabashedly totalitarian policy of the
left capital letters these
characteristics are particularly
embedded in the left secular religion
apocalyptic anthropogenic global warming
yeah now finally who's funding this
badness well she has a very good
sounding title
she's a distinguished senior fellow in
residence and director of the Armstrong
Center for energy and environment at the
Texas Public Policy Foundation so that
is a hefty title and that looks like a
lot of legitimate organizations they've
got a lot of words in there mm-hmm and
it turns out they are funded by the Koch
brothers and ExxonMobil no really weird
now the Koch brothers in the oil
business mm-hmm Exxon Mobil in the oil
business and they have funded this
person who knows nothing about science
and made her appear to be a credible
expert in the field I mean she's a
distinguished senior fellow and then
they voiced her upon the American people
can I get a guy like Donald Trump who
they've paid a lot of money to campaign
contributions independent expenditures
etc and Donald Trump goes lo and behold
hey you know what I'd like to take the
CEO of ExxonMobil and make him secretary
of state I'd like to give the Koch
brothers all the tax cuts they've ever
wanted I'd like to take Scott Pruett to
destroy the EPA let's just rub it in a
little bit let's get the senior
distinguished fellow completely funded
by the oil interests to pretend that the
Liberals are trying to decarbonize our
bones and put her in charge of science
in the environment so she could shred
science and any environmental efforts to
protect American citizens if you become
a member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
