you might be familiar with the CDC from
such incidents as us not being taken
over by Ebola a couple of years ago they
go out there in the US but also
internationally and they try to stop
epidemics from happening and fight back
against epidemics and the spread of
disease and things like that but they
might not be doing it for that much
longer unfortunately because it looks
like the money is running out and the
government doesn't want to pay any more
so CDC programs that are currently
slated to be taken out of 39 out of 49
countries where they're currently in
operation are part of a global health
security initiative at trains frontline
workers in outbreak sort of treatment
and containment and all of that now the
reason we have these programs is because
back during the 2014 Ebola scare Barack
Obama and the government put six hundred
million dollars into the CDC so that
they could go into all these countries
dozens of countries on the front lines
of fights against these diseases and
train people to fight them set up
operations and institutions and things
like that and now apparently they're
having to go out there and tell their
workers that we're winding down because
this money is going to run out and we're
not going to get any more even though
the Trump administration has said we
plan to help fight these diseases
there's no expectation that that money
is going to come now they will continue
to operate in ten countries but some
that they're pulling out of are places
where these diseases are a huge issue
right now even and certainly to come
back in China Pakistan Haiti Rwanda
Congo Congo just last year had outbreaks
of Ebola but the CDC might soon not be
operating there anymore unless we put
pressure on the government to continue
the funding Republicans that support
Donald Trump I know have issues with
understanding simple facts but if Ebola
starts in Congo it doesn't stay in Congo
if Zika virus starts in Congo it doesn't
stay in Congo it affects the whole world
it travels it's not like I get it
sometimes okay but go go man I know what
kind of a country that is stroke told me
but if these diseases spread so
apparently we had enough money to put a
1 and a half trillion dollar hole in our
deficit to give tax cuts for the rich
but we don't have enough money to
prevent worldwide diseases what kind of
mess
the priorities are those and what did we
tell you we told you they give the tax
cuts for the rich they're gonna have to
take it from somewhere and they just
took it from disease prevention this is
a disastrous idea you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
