Florida House Speaker Richard Carr
Curran has decided that he is going to
do a demagoguing ad the likes of which
we haven't seen in decades so there were
similar ads to be fair in Virginia and
in New Jersey and had those turned out
well the Republicans in those races lost
but that's Virginia in New Jersey those
are different states and apparently the
House Speaker here is considering
running for governor at a later time so
he wants to get out there ahead and and
make sure he scares the bejesus out of
people and demagogues all Latinos in the
state so he's chosen to do an ad where
he's doing what appears to be a
recreation of Kate Steinle s death of
course that is not remotely true but let
me show you the ad and then we'll break
it down
a young woman gunned down by an illegal
immigrant who should have been deported
but was protected by a sanctuary City
I'm Richard Corcoran when I heard Kate
Steinle story I thought about my own
daughter Kate and how this could have
happened to any family anywhere
incredibly some Tallahassee politicians
want to make Florida a sanctuary state
on my watch Florida will never be a
sanctuary state sponsored by watchdog
PAC there are no bounds in American
politics anymore and no one side
demagogues - Noah and the other side
usually does nothing okay so let's break
down the insanity of this ad number one
this is so bad it almost goes back to
birth of a nation in terms of how much
it stereotypes certain groups oh my god
in this case Latino immigrants they're
gonna come into the country they just
gonna walk around the suburbs oh there's
a white woman let's go murderer randomly
for no reason because that that's what
undocumented immigrants do now in
reality we have 800,000 dreamers here
who are we're undocumented brought in by
their parents when they were young and
they're really successful a lot of them
have gotten a high school in college and
some of them are in the military we've
got over this is showing you the numbers
and showing you the facts and they are
among the most law-abiding citizens in
the country part of the reason is if
they don't abide by the law that you
kicked out so their numbers are way
better than the average citizens but not
if you watch this ad if you watch this
ad immigrants are coming in to just
murder random white women in the streets
so first the case family situation so
that was absolutely tragic it happened
in California do you think it was
because in California sanctuary cities
like San Francisco means that they just
allow undocumented immigrants to murder
random citizens no that doesn't mean
that at all in fact here's the
interesting piece of evidence that
that's not the case they arrested the
guy and a tridem and he went to court so
if it was the way that the Republicans
painted or I guess San Francisco would
like
congratulations on murdering that white
woman well done mister immigrant you're
free to go no that's preposterous was
the fact pattern like this the like in
the ad where this is a person
walking down the street in the immigrant
goes oh good is that white woman I could
murder boom right no they the idiot
reprehensible person who did this
finally killing picked up a gun they
jury believed that it was and he had a
jury of his peers they looked at it they
deliberated on the case for a long time
and they think that he when he picked it
up it it accidentally fired ricocheted
off of something else
and then hit Kate and Kate wound up
dying now me I I covered the case on the
show I don't care I think you should
have convicted him anyway don't pick up
the gun you know why guns fire bullets
and as sometimes they ricochet and they
hit people and they die so I would have
convicted so as it turns out we went
through the justice system and they
didn't convict why they they convicted
him on on gun charges and he's in jail
today so what does a sanctuary city
actually do well here Think Progress
explains it fairly clearly law
enforcement officials in major cities
like Houston Texas Los Angeles
California and Hill and different cities
in Illinois are receptive to welcoming
cities where immigrants who come in
contact with local police are not
additionally flagged for federal
deportation proceedings in those cities
relationships improve when immigrant
communities are able to work together
with the police to identify criminals
without having a fear that they
themselves will be deported
that is why crime rates are lower in
sanctuary cities not higher because it
allows undocumented people to come
forward and say there was a crime
without fear of being arrested
themselves for being undocumented that
allows the police to do better police
work and arrest the actual criminals
crime rates the sanctuary cities are
lower not higher but if you watch
demagoguing ads like that oh my god the
immigrants are coming and they're gonna
murder all four women they're gonna
women they're gonna murder our daughters
and our wives etc and and gee I wonder
where those immigrants are from this is
the worst kind of demagoguery we've
gotten back a hundred years now
it was ads like this
and they don't care at all it's just
like oh yeah we're gonna smear these
people and then they'll turn around go
race us racist well we would never how
could you possibly coaches if not it's
gross what they're doing and they're
dividing the country and they're ripping
us apart guys like this are loathsome
they should be run out of office and run
out of town
we've gotten to a really sick state in
this country where they try to convince
you that the most powerless people in
the country the guy who just crossed the
border because he desperately needs
money for his family to live he's
willing to take wages that are too long
you want to argue against that for other
reasons they about employment I get it
and that's fair you want to say they got
to follow the law I get it in that spare
but to say that to demagogue to say that
they're criminals are rapists and to run
ads like this to scare the hell out of
people in to pit us against one another
and most importantly to pretend that
that's the guy that's causing your
problems know the reason your wages are
low is not because of the guys at the
bottom it's because of the guys at the
top they're the ones who rigged the
system they didn't rigged it on behalf
of undocumented immigrants there's still
the poorest and the most powerless
people in the country they rigged it in
favor of the powerful that's why you're
paying higher taxes corporations are
paying lower taxes that's why your wages
are low even though your productivity is
sky-high if you're looking to figure out
who's at fault for your wages being
stagnant for the problems that you have
in your community don't look down look
up if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks show every day
