devyn newness is unbelievably part of
the so-called Intelligence Committee and
he was supposed to not be involved in
this investigation but he finds himself
at the top of it anyway supposedly
looking to Donald Trump but in fact
doing the opposite covering for him so
he writes this partisan hack memo saying
oh yeah yeah it's the rows and Stein's
fault it was Deputy Attorney General
it's the FBI's fault they got a FISA
warrant on Carter page and they
shouldn't have been he was part of the
Trump team
Carter page all the way back in 2013 was
investigated because he was coordinating
with a Russian spy he was doing that
well before Trump decided to run for
office or anybody knew was going to be
that Trump was gonna be a relevant
person let alone president so the deep
state secretly know that Donald Trump
was gonna be President and set up Carter
page to work with a Russian spy back in
2013 I mean this is lunatic conspiracy
theories okay anyway nudists rights this
partisan memo now the Democrats are like
no no publisher don't publish it and now
Adam Schiff who's the co-chair of that
committee obviously is in the minority
party there comes out in the House
Intelligence Committee and says no
because of some technicalities he he
changed the grammar and some of the the
parts of the memo after they had voted
and that's why they shouldn't put it now
that's a terrible strategy by the
Democrats as usual terrible don't argue
over grammar don't and don't and their
your fundamental mistake is saying don't
release the memo as if the memo is
actually important now you should go in
the opposite direction so as usual I'm
gonna give the Democrats advice because
they don't know what the hell they're
doing okay so here's what Democrats just
say at least your stupid political memo
what difference does it make
newness was on Trump's transition team
he's clearly covering for Trump this is
not written by any Intelligence Agency
this is not written by anything official
is written by partisan Republicans who's
trying or trying to protect Trump it's
trash printed make it public and then
throw it in the garbage
by the way we also wrote a partisan one
and refuting the things that they've
said but they won't even allow us to
release that and it will release that a
week later who cares here I'll release
it right now who cares it's all the
Republicans say this the Democrats say
that it has no validity that's point one
you're over hyping it by trying to fight
it to release as if it's like a real
thing it's not actual intelligence okay
it comes from newness it's inconceivable
that I would have anything to do with
intelligence okay
point number two is hey snap out of it
try not to call them names it's hard the
real way that you attack the Republicans
on this is why are you guys against cops
and it's true FBI they're the top cops
in the country why do you hate cops why
don't you just let them do their job
what are you guilty I mean I've been
hearing from Republicans my whole life
that if you're not guilty you don't have
anything to worry about
why are you guilty look Democrats
support cops
apparently Republicans don't is that
complicated was that hard that's so
freakin easy and it has the benefit of
being enormous ly true it has a second
benefit of being enormously popular here
let me show you the polls so do you
support an independent FBI more
Americans so the history is 61 219 of
course of course we do you guys 61% on
your side among Democrats isn't this
funny Democrats support the FBI and
being independent of the president more
than Republicans do I guess Democrats
are now the law-and-order party and the
rule of law party independents are
massively in favor 6215 those are great
numbers independents are the most
important because they swing elections
and Republicans don't like rule of law
as much as the rest of the country and I
guess they dislike cops more than the
rest of the folks in the country but
they are still positive 4733 you're
winning even among Republicans and by a
decent margin here I'll give you one
more the public sees the FBI as an
independent agency this is according to
you Gopal an independent agency not
necessarily one loyal to any incumbent
president
public support for the independence of
the agency as a whole was even more
clear just 13% said the FBI should be
loyal to the president including just 24
percent of Republicans Democrats if you
got three-quarters of Republicans on
your side let alone all the rest of the
country
and you still can't fight on those
grounds please retire why don't you
frame it as these guys are against law
enforcement no but there was a
grammatical mistake and then they didn't
vote again so they shouldn't release the
memo because god help us if they do what
would that memo is really damaging
they're so bad at this should I do your
messaging for one day just one day or
get calculus key to do it just somebody
somebody with any sense at all how's
this for a message we're Pro cops that's
that's hard that's hard you know black
lives matter gets all this crap from
conservatives and Fox News and all that
stuff because their word cops are
killing innocent African Americans
meanwhile Republicans are trying to stop
cops from investigating crooks and
somehow they're more Pro cops this make
any sense at all
the job of cops is to investigate crooks
know if you're against the cops doing
that you're for the crooks you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
