this speech had three elements to it
Trump state of the union
number one was fluff that just cultural
trigger words for the right-wing
national anthem flag God country family
and that's thirteen that's another part
of the speech religious liberty Second
Amendment veterans veterans veterans
veterans God got okay
that's benign it's okay that's that's
how they what it was the right wing
called that virtue signaling in essence
and so okay then the second part was the
demagoguery boy he laid it on thick so
he took to poor families whose daughters
had been killed and then when talking
about the ms-13 gang members who had
killed him apparently he called them
illegal unaccompanied alien minors who
had come in an obvious reference to the
dreamers so the dreamers have usually
had a very positive connotation here in
America because they've never broken any
laws otherwise they're not in that
category they've got their go to college
go to the military they've done the
right things there's about 800,000 of
them at least in in the initial batch of
dreamers that are addressed but instead
of taking those positive connotations he
turned it in to the ugliest thing you
could imagine and he used in a sense
emotional porn to do it he took these
family members who it's impossible not
to to feel grave concern over and great
empathy for and he used their grief to
push his demagoguery against millions of
people in this country and so and then
talked about how Isis gonna hunt people
down
look we've always been against people
who broke the law and who committed
crimes and obviously who committed
murder Obama was against that Bush
Clinton everyone has always been against
that in fact there is a guy in in office
who's against the rule of law it's
Donald Trump trying to dismantle the FBI
but to to then connect those people to
the dreamers was particularly the you
know I mean never in a million years
would
because it doesn't work this way that's
not how race works right but imagine if
he'd put up a picture of the guy from
Vegas right and said you know and here
is another brought up these families and
suggested that we are in danger from
private white male gun owners right yeah
in and we would never just not again
racism doesn't work that way you do it
by by picking out a minority but there's
no more likelihood that a dreamer is
gonna kill your family than anyone else
but he has decided to associate this
grief or chosen to associate this grief
with sort of these latent feelings that
we have that all people who are
different or not like us are gonna come
and they're gonna get us so I think that
portion of his speech certainly comes
from the Steven Miller Miller's of the
world because if you pull Trump voters
if you pull his core base even a slim
majority of his voters are in favor of
the protections for these dreamers if
you look at the American public in
general of course the majority a larger
majority are in favor of protecting them
so you know that was pandering to the
Stephen Miller wing of his supporters
and who knows how it's gonna work but to
conflate like it take to compare or say
that you know ms-13 and and some of the
murders that have occurred as a result
of these gang members has anything to do
with dreamers is just and I think you're
right about the Stephen Miller point I
should point out that it's not so it's
not like Stephen Miller has to talk a
guy like Trump into it into that right
that's Trump since day one since 1983
but is what he believes this is is this
his view of life and one other important
line that I think we have to acknowledge
is that he kept talking about ms-13 and
all that and then he tried to equate
them as if they are what a dreamer is
and then said and Americans are dreamers
too yes the saying to everyone in the
audience and in the room you now get to
choose between these dreamers and the
Americans that they are dead set on
murder real Americans and and John
pointed out during the live show two on
Twitter David Duke took that line about
Americans or dreamers - and said Thank
You mr. president
right
and so to Anna's point during the live
play-by-play that we just did in the
speech you could focus on any group of
people and talk about all the different
heinous murders that they have committed
for example recently on the show we
talked about Adam Waffen that is a
particularly onazi group that has led to
a series of murders in different parts
of the country which is amazing and does
not get very much attention he could
have focused on that he could have
focused on the people in Charlottesville
there's a ton of people all the the
majority of the the domestic terrorists
in this country are right-wing he chose
not to do that he chose to mention ms-13
about five times right and so it is a
matter of emphasis and so when he does
that he's trying to get you to hate a
certain group so now I wouldn't suggest
that a liberal should go in the opposite
direction and only talk about the
neo-nazis you should talk about all the
threats the real threats that face the
country but when you get to the real
threats which leads us to the third
version and by the way I should also
backup what NSA on the numbers over 50%
of Republicans are in favor of the
dreamers staying here and eighty-seven
percent of Americans want them to have a
pathway to citizenship it is enormous ly
popular he demagogy against those people
anyway the third branch of what he
talked about tonight was policy so there
wasn't a lot of policy with Trump
because he's only done two things
basically the tax cuts and appointing
Neal Gorsuch and other judicial nominees
so he talked about that he showed a
stone-faced Gorsuch which was amusing
yeah and then and then he introduced
some new policies which is one and a
half trillion dollars in infrastructure
spending if that was real that would be
great and and there's no reason not to
work with Trump if he is doing
progressive things like for example
initially he was against TPP now he says
he might re-enter it because he's gonna
make it a better deal but great I'm glad
that he got out of TPP I'd be happy with
one and a half trillion dollars in
infrastructure but as we know the plan
in reality is privatizing our roads and
bridges so we have to pay tolls on them
for the rest of our lives that is by the
way a redistribution of wealth and it is
a form of regressive taxes they just
gave a
tax cuts the rich they got to make up
for it by taxing you guys whenever you
drive anywhere so that's that's part of
what's happening in terms of immigration
she talked about the four pillars you
want 25 billion dollars for his wall
in exchange for the DREAM Act and and
mission tighter security and went on
more rants about ms-13 and and just real
quick as you mentioned the 25 billion
everyone should every time say Mexico
was gonna pay for this right exactly
it wasn't a passing campaign theme it
was no speech that he gave they didn't
talk about the wall that he didn't
mention that Mexico is gonna pay for
like it's despicable that we don't have
money to help out our fellow Americans
with health care or with affording
college and all of them but we have 25
billion dollars to give Trump for this
ridiculous nonsensical border wall that
should definitely be a talking point by
Democrats and they should be hounding
him about that but they're not so what
Bernie Sanders said he wanted to cause
for also the middle class kids can also
go to school at a public college they
said it's wildly unrealistic as it costs
seventy five billion dollars so for the
price of educating for free a third of
the young kids in America who want to go
to college said we're gonna build a
senseless wall and then nobody talks
about how oh that's we don't have the
money for it nobody talks about the 1
and a half trillion dollars we just gave
to the rich in those tax cuts saying we
don't have the money for it of course we
don't what happened to balanced budget
and we had the money for it through 1916
I mean we just did it yeah or for you
know a nominal fee you don't make it
absolutely free you can make it pretty
damn cheap so Bernie Sanders it would be
awesome if he hasn't spoken yet he's
about to as we're covering this live it
would be great if he came out and said
what happened I thought the Mexicans
were gonna pay with the walls that would
be wondering mentioned something about
Sanders too because it adds a little
perspective first of all Maxine Waters
is also going to give a speech today on
be et in response to Joe Kennedy Maxine
Waters Bernie Sanders Donna Edwards is
gonna speak on the Working Families
Party Donna Edwards was a member of
Congress she ran for the Senate in 2016
in Maryland a Democratic primary she
lost to Chris Van Hollen who now has
that seat so
and there's one in Spanish also delegate
Elizabeth Guzman of Virginia will give
the speech so into for the Republicans
in 2014 for GOP lawmakers gave a
response to Barack Obama's speech cathy
McMorris Rodgers gave the official
response Rand Paul and Mike Lee gave the
Tea Party response and then nearly Anna
Ross Latian give a Spanish response so
it it's not nothing unprecedented is
happening yet they're all creating
disunity they're all great and they
should all be attacked relentlessly on
Twitter NH they are right now but the
Republicans were not equally and to some
extent although my initial response was
Bernie should wait you know I mean look
at you know consistent I I you know I'm
very clear who I think the bad guy is in
the situation the bad guys don't all the
bad guys the leaders in Congress
