really quick fact-checking on the ISIS
claims because that is misrepresented by
Trump by people who like Trump and also
by the median it drives me crazy so yes
there has been some success in
minimizing the influence of Isis and the
reality is what Trump did was pretty
much nothing okay it was an extension of
Obama era policies a policies foreign
policy that Obama implemented back in
okay the only thing that Trump did
differently was that he did away with
any of the few regulations left that
would prevent drone strikes and military
action that could kill more civilians he
basically like lifted any of those
restrictions and allowed the military to
go after Isis targets even if it meant
more civilian casualties would result
from what they were doing now no foreign
policy expert can say that that action
led to a you know Isis losing ground
Isis was already losing ground back in
since back in 2014 when Obama had
implemented some of his foreign policy
strategies so I just want to be
absolutely clear about that and by the
way it's like whack-a-mole okay so Isis
has lost a little bit of ground good
that's definitely good news but now the
Taliban is you know taking control of
Afghanistan 70% of Afghanistan now has
some Taliban the Taliban has some
influence over at 70% of Afghanistan so
I mean come on like no he doesn't get
credit for his foreign policy he hasn't
really done much when it comes to
foreign policy and on that you're
totally right about that but we have to
acknowledge that one of the obvious
outcomes of taking away those
restrictions that are designed to at
least decrease civilian casualties is
that last year there were way way more
civilian deaths than there were under
Obama I mean Obama I would say with his
drone strikes week we've criticized him
for literally years over that but we
found out that it's not the same under
everybody some people are far worse and
thousands more people have died as a
result of Donald Trump's action
and for anyone who might look at that
and say alright well I mean if Isis has
lost its influence and it's a power
whatever it who cares who cares about
the civilians I mean if you're that
flippin about it okay but it matters
because there are ramifications you
start killing innocent civilians abroad
what do you think is gonna happen you
think those people are just gonna the
family members who lost their loved ones
are just gonna sit back and be like
alright well they did it because they
were targeting Isis so I guess that's
okay
no that leads to more hostility toward
the United States
