the opioid crisis continues to destroy
lies and families throughout the United
States and new data indicates that there
are certain companies that are guilty of
spreading opioids in specific parts of
the country where addiction has been the
worst so West Virginia is an example of
that and here's the data that we just
learned from a reporter from the
Charleston Gazette mail his name is Eric
ear airy and he he finds that between
2006 and 2016
out of state drug companies shipped
nearly 21 million opioid painkillers to
two pharmacies in Williamson West
Virginia population 2900 know those drug
companies they probably thought man
those 2900 people are in a lot of pain
and they're really gonna need this so
the reason why that's the great piece of
reporting by the Charleston Gazette mail
and gives you context into how much the
companies knew they knew that it wasn't
going for those twenty nine hundred
people right they knew they were running
pill mills and they knew that that was
for illegal distribution of those drugs
they also know that it's a gateway drug
not marijuana that was a lie all along
this is the actual gateway drug so there
are a lot of different players in in the
opioid crisis of course there are the
pharmaceutical companies that encourage
the over-prescription of these opioids
but then there are the drug wholesalers
that essentially ship out these
painkillers to various pharmacies
throughout the country
now the wholesalers that were guilty of
sending or shipping the superfluous
amount of drugs to West Virginia where
Miami Lucan and also HD Smith's okay now
if you want to take a look at how much
of an impact this has had if you look at
West Virginia as a whole for instance
from 2007 to 2012 drug firms poured a
total of 780 million painkillers into
the state which has a total population
of 1.8 million okay you see the the
disparity there
relatively small population a huge flow
of drugs being pumped into the state now
West Virginia has suffered by far the
highest drug overdose death rate out of
any state in 2016 the state's overdose
death rate was forty eight point three
per 100,000 people that year to
juxtapose that to the number of deaths
caused by car accidents car accidents
were 15 per 100,000 people I want to
just dive more into that homicides were
5.9 per hundred thousand people so if
you take homicides and all car crashes
you put them together and double them
you're still nowhere near the number of
people dying from opioid abuse so they
pick West Virginia to pour all these
drugs in they know that they're 1.8
million people in West Virginia over
five years are not going to take 780
million pills they do that because they
know it's a distribution center for
illegal peddling of those drugs there's
no way those drug companies look at
their internal numbers and go oh yeah
that makes sense I bet the people in
West Virginia do need that many
painkillers they know exactly what's
going on and since West Virginia is the
hub of that well if you're the hub it
hits you the hardest because it's
everywhere it's everywhere and so the I
mean those are stunning numbers to get
beyond car crashes for cause of death
that is massive and now they are
actually about three times the size of
car crashes is opioid deaths in West
Virginia yeah exactly and by the way
those were the numbers for 24 2016 the
numbers for 2017 are not looking good
according to preliminary figures from
the CDC there were nearly 67,000 drug
overdose deaths in the 12-month period
through June 2017 up for more than
57,000 in the 12-month period through
June of 2016 now of course this isn't
just West Virginia that we're talking
about we're talking about the country as
a whole so it's not just West Virginia
that's suffering obviously there are
other parts of the country that are
really really suffering from opioid
addiction
which by the way later because of
stricter regulations turns into heroin
addiction because people are so badly
addicted that they'll do anything to to
help with that addiction and what I mean
by that is the withdrawals are
devastating so I just want to be clear
about last couple of things here the
basis for opioid medicine it sounds like
well as AI opioid is prescription
painkiller it's legal it must be okay
know the basis is opium the same thing
that goes into heroin the same thing
that's obviously opium
so a just as dangerous as those illegal
drugs are these drugs we just made them
legal and let corporations make
gazillions of dollars in profit off of
them and then instead of drug dealers
they dress up in ties and suits and they
peddle all this but it is drug-dealing
and it does get people addicted and way
way more addicted than marijuana not
even close and and number of deaths from
marijuana in that same time period 2017
was zero number of deaths from opioids
it's sixty seven thousand there's so
many deaths from opioids in the country
that for the first time since the 1960s
our life expectancy overall for the
whole country has gone down the last two
years on that alone that's amazing well
luckily we have an attorney general that
is a hyper focused on painkillers and
going after these pharmaceutical
companies as opposed to you know states
that have legalized marijuana for
recreational use all right that we don't
have that we have an assclown that's
what we have so Jeff Sessions is is
going after marijuana but worse than
that Donald Trump declared this a
national emergency and then presented
proceeded to not only do nothing about
it but has now gutted an executive
branch program designed to combat opioid
abuse cut funding for it by ninety five
percent they don't give a damn about you
the West Virginia voted for Donald Trump
more than I believe any other state in
the country and now he's just laughing
at you if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network aam slash join and
once you do you'll be saying you know
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say lose
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm / joy
