recently Van Jones spoke to jay-z on CNN
and during their conversation they
talked about the current political
climate and Donald Trump's claims in
regard to increasing employment for
black Americans take a look we have a
president that comes and says every
African country is a shithole country
mm-hmm I mean how does that land with
you as a dad
yeah that's it's like it's disappointing
and it's hurtful
it really is hurtful more so like it
everyone feels anger but after the anger
is really hurtful because like looking
down on a whole population of people and
you're so misinformed because these
places have beautiful people and have
beautiful everything and it's just like
this is the leader of the free world
speaking like this but on the other side
this has been going on is that people
talk this is how they talk behind closed
door there was a moment where Donald
sterling had been exposed as this racist
on a private phone conversation that he
was having and he took his team from it
and it's like okay that's one way to do
it but another way would have been let
him have his team and then let's talk
about it together unless unless maybe
some penalties but because once you do
that all of the other closeted races
just run back in the hole you've done
you have been fixed anything what you've
done was spray perfume on a trash can
mm-hmm he is somebody who's now saying
look I'm growing I'm dropping black
unemployment black people are doing well
under my administration does he have a
point that maybe the Democrats have been
giving us good lip service but no jobs
maybe he's gonna say terrible things
they put money in our pocket does that
make him a good leader no because it's
not about money at the end of the day
money is not doesn't equate to like
happiness it does it does that's that's
not missing the whole point you treat
people like human beings and then you
know that's - that's the main point you
can't treat someone like yes goes back
to the whole thing you're gonna treat me
really bad and pay me well so jay-z also
talked about the current racial tensions
in the country that he feels are a
fostered by Donald Trump in his rhetoric
toward minorities
and Donald Trump did not like that
conversation he got triggered fairly
quickly and immediately took to Twitter
as he does and said the following
somebody please inform jay-z that
because of my policies black
unemployment I don't know why
unemployment is capitalized has just
been reported to be at the lowest rate
ever recorded he continued to say
african-american unemployment is the
lowest ever recorded in our country the
Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a
full point in the last year and it's
close to the lowest in recorded history
Dems did nothing for you but get your
vote
hashtag never forget and I love that he
included Fox and Friends in the in the
tweet now the reality is that
unemployment for black Americans had
already been decreasing significantly
especially during the last term in
Obama's administration so let me give
you the numbers on that african-american
unemployment had fallen precipitously
during President Barack Obama second
term from thirteen point seven percent
to seven point eight percent a drop that
has actually continued during Trump's
first year in office so if you take a
quick look at this graph you'll see
exactly what I'm talking about there was
a rather steep decline in the
unemployment rate for black Americans
during Obama's term and then it just
continued dropping after Trump got
elected so put that back up for a second
that graph let me read you the last
sentence in the second tweet and Anna
read for you he said Dems did nothing
for you but get your vote referring to
Africa Mary's does that graph look like
they did nothing for you as an
unemployment plummeted African American
unemployment plummeted under Obama and
he said hashtag never forget okay well
then don't forget it because it got cut
nearly in half under Obama and obviously
the trend continues now it's not like
Trump did anything different this the
graph does not go in a different
direction goes in the same direction
right and I want to be clear about where
the sources for those numbers it's the
Bureau of Labor Statistics so that is
government data that is readily
available to anyone who wishes to take a
look at it and he said to jay-z that
it's because of my policies that these
have gone down what policies
african-americans so JC look he's not a
political expert he should not have
conceded that that people are doing
better at all because of trouble and say
well you still have to be decent no it's
not his policies at all if anything you
tell from the chart it's Obama's
policies I actually think the problem
there is yes that's unemployment but
there but wages are not in good shape so
I would blame Obama and Trump for that
but once again Donald Trump triggered
and attacking an African American
celebrity Eminem also rapper said
similar things did not get attacked
curious if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
