I'm told by a lot of folks in Washington
New York and LA in San Francisco that
what the economy is doing great and now
if you've noticed cable news is being
this shift a little bit on Ahnold Trump
now the rich have gotten all their tax
cuts too sure there's still criticism
from time to time though Oh to economies
boom economy's doing great based on what
based on the stock market now the stock
market is not the equivalent of the
economy it is at best one indicator at a
very poor indicator especially when
they're doing stock buybacks which
artificially inflates the price of their
stocks and as the stock market so the
stock market is doing well here let's
show you a chart that's the Dow Jones
and and you can see it going up in the
last year and of course if you're on
television and you're a millionaire you
look at your own stock account and you
go I'm an even bigger millionaire now
but for the rest of us it's not
necessarily the case at all in fact that
leads us to a new report and HuffPost
here covering the report saying most
Americans can't afford even a minor
emergency according to a recent report
from Bank Rate a website that provides
financial advice of those surveyed just
39 percent of respondents said they'd be
able to cover an unexpected
thousand-dollar bill with funds from
their savings most of the other
respondents said they would have no
choice but to accrue debt by paying with
a credit card borrowing from family and
friends or getting a loan you understand
that this is this is first brought to my
attention and and I should have known
about it earlier but by Joe Sandberg who
is the founder of aspiration calm that
is a more progressive financial
institution they happen to be our
sponsor take it for what it's worth if
you want check out aspiration calm and
but he was on the show because of that
and he was talking about how a small
financial emergency or what people on
the coast would might some people on the
coast might consider small would knock
out most American families and and and
send them reeling and and now there are
reports after reports confirming what he
was saying and in fact I'll get to back
to Joe in a second because he has a bold
new proposal about it
that's also in the papers
today so in this case so think about it
61% of Americans cannot financially
survive $1,000 emergency they're
financially knocked out they've got no
money left they got to do a loan sell a
car etc amazing
now here's another stat with a lower
number according to a Federal Reserve
report released last year 44 percent of
adults wouldn't be able to afford an
unexpected $400 emergency expense they
neither borrow the money or sell
something to cover the bill that figure
is on the decline though and they
explain that it used to be up to 50%
back in 2013
so $1,000 knocks out 61 percent of
Americans a $400 emergency knocks out
44% of Americans they have no money left
or wiped out now for a lot of you out
there you might think yeah no duh we
already know that we live that I'm
telling you right now for the people in
power whether they're politicians
they're on television etc the so-called
influencers they have no idea they're
they would be shocked by those numbers
why they live in their own bubble and in
their bubble everybody is doing great
their money's in the stock market the
stock market is booming right or wrong
bubble or not who cares money for every
$1,000 that's what I made in the last 15
minutes of the market I do declare but
then you wonder why everybody would
didn't want to vote for Hillary Clinton
and Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders does
so well because those were the two
candidates on the two different sides
who said the status quo is miserable and
we are rooting for change now they had
different ideas of change but guess what
happened Donald Trump defeated 16 other
Republicans to win the nomination it was
not a coincidence it was largely because
he was saying that he was for that
change now I think in his case he was
lying Bernie Sanders closed a 60 point
lead and the people on TV keep saying
they can't figure out why this
is why you might be doing great but the
rest of America is not the majority of
America is not now one particularly
important is medical bills so HuffPost
explains that as well medical bills are
particularly foreboding in 2016 medical
expenses were the largest contributor to
increasing the number of individuals
living in poverty according to a census
bureau report that year ten and a half
million people fell below the poverty
line due to medical bills what a brutal
system we have in the rest of the
developed world they all have universal
health care coverage everyone is covered
there not to worry every single day of
my yeah my is this the day I get wiped
out is this the day I get sick and I
can't afford it
whereas for us ten and a half million
people brutalized below the poverty line
on medical bills alone
and let alone the ones that are going to
bankruptcy and last thing here
how post actually followed the story one
particular individual to just give you
an illustration of how this works
sometimes it's James the bullet he's 54
years old and he had two jobs in
Arkansas one was at Tyson Foods and the
other one was at Walmart so janitor of
Walmart and he worked in Tyson food
distribution center and his job required
cleaning freezers well he wound up
getting nerve damage so he couldn't do
the job that required him to be in the
freezers so now he was knocked down to
just one job so he went from a whopping
salary of $40,000 working two jobs two
jobs and he only made 40,000 down to one
job he's now down to $20,000 a year
again I know for the people in power
this seems unimaginable $20,000 is a
good day in the market for them that's
yes this guy had to work as himself to
the bone to get to get there and you
know what happened he had a good
insurance with Tyson but as he was
switching a Walmart he didn't have the
insurance yet he was gonna get it for
Walmart boom he had a heart attack wiped
out so
an $8,000 loan here another giant loan
there and they were absolutely wiped out
going begging to and pleading and
understandably so asking for humanity
and decency from their friends and
anyone else that would listen and near
the end of the article how post explains
here
they've been scraping together and it's
written by eleanor goldberg david
scraping together funds to cover the
bills a friend loan them a hundred
dollars the family sold one of their
vehicles and they're talking about
selling their second car but that would
create problems for susan his wife who
drives an hour each way to Little Rock
for work every day her primary goal
right now is to stay on top of their
monthly mortgage payments so they don't
lose their home this is the reality for
a lot of Americans Americans you never
see on television and this is why
they're angry because they're right
they're right to be angry here's a quote
from Susan d'Avola she said there's no
light at the end of this it's
discouraging you're working so hard and
then you get hit with something we have
nothing now so that brings us back to
Joe Sandberg and he wrote for the San
Francisco Chronicle today that even
California has poverty rates that are
far far too high and he suggested
something I again I had not seen before
$25 minimum wage now I know what the
people on TV are gonna say outrageous
and look I you've got to you got to do
some math on it you got to see if it
makes sense you got a thing of all the
different angles here I'm not saying I'm
100% in favor of it right out of the
gate but I want to give you context okay
the current federal minimum wage is
$7.25 you know what that is if we work a
full time job forty hours a week just
15,000 and eighty dollars that's that's
the federal minimum wage that's what
people are getting for full time work
fifteen thousand bucks
$15 an hour which most progressives
argue for only issued of thirty one
thousand two hundred dollars it's not
like you're living in the lap of luxury
$25 an hour gets you two fifty two
thousand which
and now apparently some progressives are
arguing is a at least the beginning of a
living wage so I don't know if that's
the right answer I do know that we need
to cover everybody in America with
decent health care
I think Medicare for all is the right
way to do that but the one thing I know
most of all is the people in power have
no idea how the average American is
getting crushed on a daily basis this is
not a way to live
we need real change fundamental change
so you could have decent wages and and
not be shell-shocked by any emergency
that comes along I think America
deserves that and we deserve a leader
who's actually gonna fight for that if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now tea why
tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks Oh every day
