thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt last Friday
House Republicans passed additional tax
cuts now to be clear it's unlikely to be
taken up by the Senate which means it's
unlikely that this will be passed into
law but nonetheless while everyone was
hyper focused on the Cavanaugh hearings
for a good reason
House Republicans pushed through a new
round of tax cuts that would permanently
extend the cuts for individuals in tax
in Trump's signature law that are set to
expire within a decade
so just for further context the tax cuts
that were passed include permanent cuts
for corporations without any closure of
those corporate tax loopholes so the tax
rate went from 35 percent to 21 percent
for corporations those are permanent but
the tax cuts for the middle class will
expire in 10 years and so the House
Republicans are trying to make those
permanent now the bill passed 220 to 191
passing the legislation was the final
item on House Republicans agenda before
a journey to spend the next month
campaigning for re-election but we also
have some Democrats to blame for this
because they were certainly involved in
helping to pass this in the House
Democrats Jackie Rosen of Nevada and
Kyrsten Sinema
of Arizona voted yes they're running in
the running for Senate in tight races
against Republican opponents who backed
the original tax law and so they feel
like they have to vote in favor of
making these individual tax cuts
permanent because they want to appeal to
the more conservative voters in the
districts that they're running in except
they're running against Republicans so
why wouldn't the Conservatives just vote
for the Republicans instead of
Republican Lite okay
nonetheless the third Democratic yes
vote came from representative Connor Lam
who won a special election upset in
March
to represent a heavily Republican
district in southern Pennsylvania okay
so let's begin to break this down can't
help but get into the Democrats even
though it's disproportionate so what do
I mean by that all the other Democrats
in the House voted against it so even a
lot of the very conservative Democrats
that we have criticized in the past but
but their overall philosophy which is
when running against a Republican try to
out Republican him still exists and it's
maddening that's why I'm super proud
that we ran just as Democrats against
both Rosen and cinema cinema is one of
the worst Democrats in the country she's
voted with Trump over sixty percent of
the time so Wow and and you want to have
a lesser of two evils this is what we
get we get Republicans who vote with him
ninety eight percent of the time or
Democrats who vote with him over sixty
percent of the time so I wish to god
they had both lost in their primaries
they're not remotely progressive now
we're gonna have to you know be in a
situation where you got a if you're a
progressive you say well at least they
don't eat black people at least they
don't hate gay people that's the only
thing I got left to root for right yeah
and so it's maddening kado liar is so
important for the Democrats to win that
seat so that you know they can have a
bigger majority for what is it it so
that we get progressive policies no no
that's the part they always leave out we
got if they're get Democratic victories
for what okay Connor lamb got a
democratic victory now you boasted the
Republicans not only is that an extra
vote for them but it allows them to say
that it's bipartisan
your beloved Connor lamb that you raise
all that money for keep tax cuts the
rich just like we did so it must be
awesome and bipartisan so those three
Democrats have done great damage to
progressive causes and and now is it
going to work cinema and Rosen's team
say well now they they've been running
ads against us saying that we voted
against the tax cuts for the rich first
of all you should be thanking them
that's votes that it's polling a
thirty-seven
look at Connor lambs Reese encounters
lamprey say they ran ads against them
saying that oh you voted against the tax
cuts they said the Republicans stopped
running those ads because it was helping
Connor land that's why he won but he's
like a maniac I don't know who he raised
money from presumably incredibly wealthy
people that he is now indebted to he
turns around and votes against the thing
that actually got him elected okay and
those cinema etcetera you think that
they are going to now turn around and
stop running ads against you
are you that monstrously stupid yes they
are no no they say all the Democratic
consultants quoted and all the articles
are like oh no this will this will
negate the Republicans advantage in
those things first of all they have no
advantage they have no advantage they
stop running the ads because it's
counterproductive mm-hmm second of all
it's not gonna stop them from running as
if they think it's helping them how
could you be in politics all this time
and not recognize you think what are
their other problems like oh no cinema
voter for our donors no no less they
offer go ahead and win you know what
would have been much more effective all
right so they're running those ads
arguing that you voted against the tax
cuts which as Janke perfectly mentioned
is not polling well anyway 37 percent
approval rating according to a recent
Monmouth University poll so they are
doing you a favor by running those ads
but you know how you can counter that or
fight back damn right I voted against
the tax cuts cuz they're going after
your Medicare they're going after your
Social Security because those are
popular programs doesn't matter if
you're democrat or republican those are
programs that pull well and the reason
why the tax cuts are not polling well is
because the tax cuts for the middle
class to begin with tiny okay but more
importantly people know what lawmakers
are gonna do to make up the loss in
revenue and it's to cut the programs
that they've already paid into Social
Security Medicare so you've run an
effective ad addressing that but they're
weak these are weak democrats oh my god
i'm in a conservative district what
should i do why would they vote for you
if you're conservative like why why and
napadas not
and read estate it's not a deeply read
state like Wyoming and there's no chance
of victory and so I have to pretend to
be incredibly conservative no you could
run on your principles and win you're
just choosing not to and by the way
again to be fair the rest of the
Democrats they are running on they're
gonna cut your Social Security and
Medicare but now these three are going
around the country undercutting you and
they're going around saying no the
Republicans are right
there's a wonderful tax plan I can't
blame my fellow Democrats say that it's
a endangering Social Security and
Medicare but and then this is where the
mainstream media drives me crazy so you
know some of the articles they talk
about the Democrats the rest of the
Democrats are running on the Republicans
they're saying cutting Social Security
Medicare but wait a minute Paul Ryan
said it he said we're gonna go after
entitlements a lot of people said it
Marco Rubio said it so it's not this is
a democratic strategy and this is a
Republican strategy if you say that
that's totally fine that's true but you
have to give the context is it true it
is true the Republicans do want to cut
Social Security and Medicare they made
that very clear
what do you think entitlement reform
means I challenge any of these reporters
what do you think entitlement reform
means or do you cover politics do you
know politics at all or don't you know
anything they do want to cut Social
Security and Medicare it is not arguable
but nope nope nope nope that's all well
that's not the Democratic Democratic
claim right the hill talks about how the
Democrats claim that this gives the the
top one percent extra benefits no that's
not a democratic claim are you a
reporter you can save the Democrats
claim that and then say it's true or
untrue right but you didn't follow up it
is true the first round of tax cuts gave
the on average the people on the top one
percent sixty one thousand dollars I'm
sorry millionaires 61 thousand dollars
on average as a tax cut each year each
year okay tax cut 2.0 would give them
and now this is for people on top one
percent an extra $40,000 so in total a
hundred and one thousand dollars
on average for everyone in that category
and so it's not a question did it help
the rich more yes yes it most
definitively did so that's a fact for
God's sake be a reporter okay now back
to the people who are mainly guilty
though let's not lose track of that the
almost the entirety of the Republican
Party and the only ten Republicans in
the House who voted against it did so
because they're like well this they're
from New York New Jersey and one guy
from California and they're like well
this raises taxes on our donors because
our donors don't have this the
exemption for the state taxes anymore so
it's not like they're good guys they
only voted for it because it hurts their
particular donor well look I want to be
as fair as possible and I think that yes
the donors are always number one in
their eyes but I think they're also very
much concerned about their constituents
here because what it would do is it
would cap the amount of state taxes you
can deduct when you file for federal
taxes right and so everyone's gonna feel
that once we start filing for taxes in
2019 and so I think they are genuinely
concerned about what that's gonna do to
them as politicians I hear you but
capping it at 10,000 means that it
actually does not affect most people it
affects the wealthy a lot more yeah and
those wealthy are the ones that keep
them in business okay so but anyway even
if you give the credit to those ten
agree or disagree everyone else in the
Republican Party was like oh another new
giant set of tax cuts for the rich
fantastic so let's talk about how
gigantic they are so in the first ten
years it'd be a little bit over six
hundred billion dollars that it would
add to the deficit but wait we're just
getting started at the next decade it
would be three point one five trillion
dollars they would add to the deficit so
if you thought the last set of tax cuts
were monstrous you were right that put a
1 point nine trillion dollar hole in a
deficit okay in the budget and that
created extra deficit of about two
trillion right this will add when you
take the over 600,000 3.15 about three
point eight trillion dollars more so
we're talking about five no six no five
point seven right oh yeah do the math
there for a second five point seven
trillion dollars that of deficit extra
deficit created by the Republicans we're
having a conversation about how the
Republicans care about deficits know
every reporter in the country should be
writing their Republicans who their
actions have shown definitively that
they do not care about deficits well
that's not an opinion you think it's an
opinion all right hey you know what
whether they say they care or don't care
it is a fact that they have put about a
six trillion dollar hole in deficit six
trillion dollars why for the benefit of
their wealthy benefactors that's who the
Republican Party is so Jake remember the
Republican Party does care about the
deficit in very specific situations or
in specific contexts so when it comes to
providing universal health care that's
when they care about deficits no no your
family can have health care you know you
don't have you don't have a health care
do you know what happens if you don't
have health insurance and your kid gets
cancer your kid dies dies Republicans
uh-oh hey deficits we got deficits we
can't afford brain cancer treatment on
your kid oh six trillion dollars for my
daughter's no problem no problem at all
that is the core of the Republican Party
serving the rich and they're almost all
rich by themselves anyway of the rich by
the rich for the rich and I'm gonna give
you one quote here from Kevin Brady
who's so proud to be leading this and he
says this relief goes to the
middle-class families and low-income
families working their way up not
remotely no it doesn't it so there are
some cuts that goes to the middle class
and and some that barely affect the
people of the low end of the
socio-economic spectrum okay but
overwhelming majority of the cuts goes
to the rich he says it makes this absurd
point that they always make and then
nobody ever challenged
says who do you trust Washington spend
your money or you and your family
well representative Brady it kind of
depends doesn't it mm-hmm
now if it's if I'm going to buy a car
I don't need my local politicians advice
on which car to buy or which sneakers to
buy but if we're going to put out a fire
I would like to have the government have
that money so they could have a fire
department they could put it out I would
not like to rely on my own family to go
put out fires in the neighborhood that's
a really bad idea okay oh who do you
trust out of the vote either government
or the vet okay Kevin Brady would you
like take away all the money from the
government so you can't have a military
you told me that your family would spend
it better what a day go defend us
against Russia and China and now Gaeta
and Isis come on step up the Bradys you
got a pre probably have a Brady Bunch
don't you all right let's go up it out
and get all of your asses over to Syria
and let me see you spend that money
better but in our media we have these
insane nonsensical conversations as if
this is what reality is no they work for
their goddamn donors they take billions
of dollars from their donors and in
return they give them trillions of
dollars of our money that's how they rob
us day in day out this is the one of the
most brazen things I've ever seen and
this is the house it's never gonna pass
in the Senate because they need 60 votes
and they know it's not gonna pass in the
Senate so why do they do it now it's not
polling well they're pulling all their
ads so why do they do it you know why
they did it it is for the Republican
Party to tell their donors before the
election don't worry keep funneling that
money to us give us millions of dollars
to run a deceptive advertising because
if we get back in charge you're gonna
get all the cash it's gonna be a great
return on investment bribe a Republican
today it'll make your trillions of
dollars that's what this was about
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com / join
