we have the momentum but we're not going
to win this fight unless all of us are
actively involved unless we make sure
that every American recognizes that
health care is a right not a privilege
ana kasparian was a sort of host of the
medicare-for-all town hall what were
your thoughts I thought it was an
important discussion and I like the
format I like the fact that it wasn't
one politician or two politicians you
know regurgitating talking points you
had three different panels that focused
on various areas and I think a lot of
important questions were answered so I
loved it I loved policy and you don't
see a lot of that in the mainstream
right now so it was a great way of kind
of getting past cable news and
mainstream media and talking about an
issue that matters to a lot of Americans
I think as as this debate becomes more
serious and more sophisticated it's
gonna see more and more pushback from
from industry and advocates are gonna
have to start strengthening their own
positions when our employees are healthy
and when our employees families are
healthy our business does better morale
is up and productivity goes up health
care is the tapeworm in the belly of
American competitiveness our life
expectancies 31st in the world are
infant mortalities 38th in the world we
have a underperforming system in
extremely high cost and this you heard
from the business side what that does to
business what it doesn't a public side
you know better than me senator but in
my state Massachusetts every line item
in the state budget has gone down
steadily in two decades we parks and
recreations down 50% and education is
down with 20% you name it at law
enforcement down 20 those who put more
and more money to escalating health
difficulties 2% increase in health care
costs in the same interval from two
thousand to two thousand eighteen so
this is confiscation this is health care
taking money from businesses that need
it labor that needs it and public
services that need it the big problem
he's always had and he's always going to
have is on the costs of this and so to
his great credit and this is a growth
his rhetoric I think he did not talk
about the need to tax Wall Street and to
tax the rich and to find the the piles
of money that are in Bermuda and stashed
all over and and take that money and
fund healthcare because that that plan
holds healthcare hostage to the prospect
of taxing Wall Street you should tax
Wall Street as a moral good on its own
because Wall Street needs to be taxed so
you bring down inequality but you need
to decouple I think those two things and
this time he didn't go all the way where
I'd like him to go which is to say
something like we're not paying for it
Medicare for all will pay for itself the
same way that Republic's not entirely
true but whatever Republicans say look
tax cuts pay for themselves and they
sort of do they sort of don't and if and
if reporters want to do the
fact-checking on it then they can talk
to his old you know his old economic
adviser stephanie kelton who can explain
modern monetary theory to them and about
how the actual budget that you need to
worry about is the capacity of the
economy as a whole and if the economy is
growing then you can pay for whatever
you can pay for as as a whole so so it
pays for itself Medicare for all pays
herself you're gonna have more money in
your pocket and you're gonna have health
care and Republicans are lying to you
saying that you're gonna pay more he he
did a sort of a version of that but not
quite so what do you think about how
he's been framing that big challenge
that he's gonna have two people who are
like well I love it but we're all gonna
go bankrupt I think the economic portion
of this discussion was the part that
really spoke to the majority of people
who are interested in this debate
because people are worried about how
much it's gonna cost they are worried
about their taxes going up I hear what
you're saying and I think you're
ultimately right in you know using a
strategy that doesn't constantly attack
Wall Street and the big banks but you
know my gut instinct and which is good
too but you do that because it's good on
its own but it is I think he could
possibly do a better job in framing it
in in terms of how much money we waste
in pre-emptive wars in intervention in
conflicts abroad that we have no
business
interfering in and by the way that is
that is a talking point they'll not talk
about but that is an ideology that
actually speaks volumes not only to
those on the left but also those on the
right who supported Trump because they
don't want to be intervention they don't
want to intervene in in conflicts abroad
so I think that that might help but I
also really love the fact that he talks
about the offsets of the costs should
our taxes go up to pay for a Medicare
for All system we're not gonna have
co-pays we're not gonna have premiums
we're not gonna have deductibles it's
not gonna be this complicated confusing
system it's going to be simplified and
it at the end of the day we will have
more money in our pockets because we
don't have to have these ridiculous
costs for the health care we need I love
your point about talking about the wars
because it actually goes back to the
same point about what can we afford it
because nobody ever said before we went
into Iraq you know can we afford this no
one asked that say well of course we can
afford it we are the richest country in
the history of the world we can if we
want to invade a country for no reason
and spend trillions of dollars doing it
we can do it we'll run up the deficit
but that doesn't actually slow down the
economy the deficit is just an
accounting tool that keeps track of how
much money isn't on the government side
how much money is on the private side
and don't worry about that the question
is what should we be doing should we be
going to war or should we be providing
health care to and if you talk about it
that way you're right nobody asks how
you gonna pay for how are you gonna pay
for these tax cuts even or how you how
are you gonna pay for the war how you
gonna pay for all of these other things
you know what if we can afford war then
we can afford health care they can't
comprehend a system where most of the
costs are borne by individuals and not
the entire society in France when they
talk about their system they always use
a French word solely their which means
the Solidarity their system is based on
principles of solidarity that the
weakest person in France must be
guaranteed care because otherwise the
country cannot be strong and functioning
what is the most cost effective way to
do it and I think all of the evidence
suggests that a medicare-for-all
single-payer system is that way we don't
have to in
vent Medicare we have it and as I
mentioned earlier it is a popular
effective program unfortunately and only
is applicable to people 65 or older
Republicans they can't argue really on
the merits of the single-payer itself
because every like polls show that
everybody loves it so they have two
challenges they can make your taxes are
gonna go through the roof or you're
gonna drive up the deficit and in some
ways Sanders leans into the tax side is
yes your taxes are gonna go up a little
bit but your overall amount of money you
spend is going to go down and that's a
good argument and also there's some nice
social responsibility to it and there's
some authenticity and some honesty that
look at this guy he's saying this on the
other hand he could just as plausibly
say we're just gonna run up the deficit
and you can run up the deficit because
the deficit doesn't matter
every time throughout the course of our
history when we have paid down our
deficit we've gone into recession like
these people that are telling you that
the deficit is a problem are stupid and
they're lying to you because they're
trying to get rich off of you I mean
look at what the Republicans are
currently doing to the deficit when
Democrats are not and it's not gonna
hurt the economy right it's not they're
gonna benefit from it that's exactly
right and so the only people that make a
huge deal about the deficit are
Republicans when Democrats are in
control and then as soon as Republicans
are in power
forget about well who cares about the
deficit what's the big deal about the
deficit and Democrats kind of get
tricked into caring about it because
they don't like the hypocrisy it drives
them crazy and so then they get trapped
and so that when they come back and they
want to spend money on actual social
programs then they'll play tape of them
during the tax cut debate talking about
deficit exactly what we need is
Democratic lawmakers with backbone and
and that's what I see with Sanders you
can tell that he's not bought by
pharmaceutical companies and massive
corporations and actually looks out for
the best interests of his constituents
is is inspiring and we need to elect
more people like Bernie Sanders if we
really want a Medicare for All system to
come to fruition
