States in cities across the country are
filing lawsuits against the makers and
distributors of opioid painkillers
opioid addiction and overdoses become
one of the biggest health emergencies of
modern times and these lawsuits may be
the only way to end the cycle of death
the big pharma has started and they know
they've started it
Peter I look at this lawsuit that's been
filed in Kentucky if you really distill
what's happened in this lawsuit what
they're saying they're saying that the
the industry knew that the they were
creating pill mills and they're saying
that they knew that there was diversion
taking place where it was being sold as
a street drug and in fact if you really
incorporate everything every part of
this they're actually saying that these
distributors like McKesson built into
their business plan understand this is
serious built into this business plan
the the illegal use of drugs now there's
no way to read this and and escape that
they're saying they considered yes we
know the pill mills are out there they
considered yes we know we're selling 10
times the amount of drugs we should be
selling and they're saying they thought
about it and they concluded that that
was part of the business plan they would
use going forward it's nothing more than
a drug cartel
it's a legalized drug dealer cloaked in
a position of trust that they've abused
they've taken that position they are
supposed to be protecting the people in
our cities and communities and making
sure that the number of pills is
manageable making sure that they're
taking care of the the people in those
areas they betrayed that trust and
capitalized on their bottom line selling
and pushing as many drugs as they can
into these communities they're drug
dealers wearing suits yeah but what is
so remarkable about this pleading and
I've seen in other states are saying the
same thing they're not just saying this
was done by mistake okay
so year one the drug company says you
know we can't be sure how this is gonna
be how this is going to spin out of
control
year two let's give them year two year
three they're meeting
in closed doors and they're saying wow
look at how many drugs were selling and
oh by the way one way we're selling
drugs is through pill mills another way
we're selling drugs is through street
drugs and you know what let's now make
that part of our business plan right now
that is very serious business that's no
difference from Mexican cartels come in
the United States and sell actually the
term that you hear a lot of people using
is that McKesson and some of these huge
drug distributors which is the defendant
in the attorney general Beshear sued in
Kentucky that they're turning a blind
eye that's that's the term icky gear
repeated or turning a blind eye or turn
it that's wrong that's absolutely wrong
it's worse than that it's way worse than
that at the end of the day and it's the
words you just used it's not turning a
blind eye it's it's not only embracing
the business model but targeting those
areas in the epicenter Appalachia Ohio
West Virginia Kentucky Alabama Georgia
all the way down to the Florida
Panhandle identifying those as target
areas capitalizing on those areas and
recognizing that's where we can make the
most money all in a position of trust
bestowed upon them by Congress let me
throw this out here because everybody
always misses this okay McKesson let's
just take McKesson McKesson was a
distributor you know Purdue made the
drug they say gave it to McKesson they
gave it to cardenal they gave it to a
Mara source all these distributor
companies and they said here you go sell
the drug now the government said yeah
we're going to allow you to be a
distributor but here's your
responsibility if you're a distributor
you have a responsibility to monitor
what's happening and if you see or
suspect it's very statute is
unbelievable on this is it it says if
you suspect that there is some type of
illegal use going on through a pill mill
through street drugs then you have an
affirmative duty to step in and do
something about it now that's very clear
that's what the law is now you have
McKesson that went ahead and paid 150
million dollar fine in 2017 admitting
that they didn't do that that they they
they did not comply with the statute
because what they saw is they saw people
right in the right in the city some
catches it's offered a something a huge
business opportunity and so they said
well we're going to get into the drug
addiction business you know that's gonna
be part of we are now I drug and we we
what's crazy in these we not only
allowed them but we gave them the ticket
that said here's your entry pass you are
the beat cop that's supposed to be
protecting people and it's like a beat
cop it's like our police force selling
drugs we put them in a position of trust
Congress said here's your ticket here's
your license they have to go through a
whole process there's only 800 of them
three of them dominate eighty five
ninety percent of the market share and
they are put in this position that says
you are here to protect our kids you're
here to protect our young people and
what have you done you've taken that and
turned it on its head all that put money
in there in their pockets at the end of
the day and sold to the people that
there were there to protect let me take
you here the ugly part of it there was a
consortium of attorney generals from all
over the United States what year was it
they got together they said it go five
oh five they said well we're gonna solve
this problem we're really gonna we're
gonna do our job and we're gonna invest
the understand these are politico's
these are nothing more than they want to
be a they want next thing they want to
be as governor or they want to be a
senator and right now their Attorney
General and they're using this as the
platform to for their next political
office so these cats get together and
they say you know what let's let's do
let's see if we can do something about
this well they didn't really mean
stopping the problem every Attorney
General that participated in that
accepted a total of twenty five million
dollars from these thugs these corporate
cabal criminals they accepted twenty
five million dollars as a settlement and
let these criminals go free they had all
the information they had the same
information that these that we have
today well you put it in perspective
twenty five million may sound like a
like a bunch to some people however
that's the entire nation that's exactly
right and McKesson CEO which is one of
the big three one of the ones with the
the total of eighty five ninety percent
market share their CEO
a hundred and sixty million dollars so
divide that up that's thirteen fourteen
million dollars a month so the fines for
all three equaled a month and a half two
months pay for McKesson CEO yeah I mean
it's pencil money yeah it's it's you
know the ugly part about it again those
same Attorney General's the same scam
there's they're at it again the Attorney
General's want to say oh we solved this
problem we we you know we made it pay
fifty million this time they've made
fifty million dollars while you and I
have been sitting here talking the
difference is this time that the
communities and cities around the
country seeing what happened yet last
time seeing what happened in some of
these other cases all said enough is
enough we're gonna file our own claim
these are going to be community-based
solutions to fix community-based parot
problems not letting a G you know stands
for aspiring governor not let some
politician comes to fix it we're gonna
push our own problems
