headquarters walk back to the house
hey guys how you doing alright so we've
talked to people from Wolfpack before
you guys saw Bryant and and and Josh so
Asus mechanic you saw Mike Mineta you've
seen Alison Hartson who of course now is
running against Dianne Feinstein oh you
know they never saw you okay we'll have
to have you on okay that's the mechanic
there are others here wolf packs doing a
leadership get-together here in
California hence why they are in the
studio so let me introduce everybody and
then I want to talk to them about what
is wolf pack to what do they do how do
they come do it etc so Alexis Albert's
is wolf packs Ohio organizing director
thank you for coming Alexis we
appreciate it
John Shen is the guy you guys just hired
okay I say you guys because we got
donations from you guys wolf dash
pack.com sighs John if you want to keep
going okay so and because of that we
said we'd hire them and John is now
officially hired and he's a National
Coordinator great to have you here John
and then Richard saffle is our
legislative director in West Virginia
and he has the clever nickname of
Richard wolf pack's saffle which I
suppose could apply to anyone okay and I
found out tragically that Alexis does
not have a nickname we're gonna have to
work on that on this program John is the
closer so which is an awesome nickname
almost as good as the mechanic who's
also in the studio here for watching
okay so if first of all if you don't
know wolf pack your crazy dog okay hey
whoa of course you get money out of
politics and and it's by getting an
amendment so John let me start with you
okay so for those folks at home who
don't know what's our plan for getting
an amendment a wolf pack's
plan deals with the second part of
Article five so under Article five the
US Constitution there are two ways to
get an amendment to the Constitution
itself one is two thirds of Congress can
propose an amendment
or 2/3 of the state legislatures can
apply to Congress for a convention and
once 2/3 of the state legislators do
that Convention is called and then a an
amendment is proposed at that convention
yeah that sounds scary my that sounds
like it might produce an amendment that
fixes our democracy wow that's wow we're
interesting so I get around about that
because forget Republicans Democrats are
like oh my god what if we have real
change exactly that's exactly what we're
going for
so look I want to talk more about the
process in a second but I also want to
find out about you guys so Richard I
hear that you're you have a position of
very involved in politics you're a line
cook at IHOP yes
I'm embroiled in politics everyday
making pancakes well you know I used to
say on the show all the time that like
when we had a celebratory moment because
there was an IHOP around the corner I'd
say it was IHOP time and and I'd take
the whole crew now that would be a
hundred people so that's a little hard
but the old-school guys are around Edwin
Bart hey sis chair etcetera and we go to
IHOP so when we get the amendment it's
gonna be I hop time and we're coming to
your West Virginia I have ok I am taking
that day off all right so you're working
as a cook at IHOP what in the world
possesses you to get involved to try to
get money out of politics honestly the
thing that made me join Wolfpack was the
McCutcheon decision in the video that
you did the 60-minute video talking
about in McCutcheon decision after that
the rest is history I mean hello brother
join Wolfpack I join Wolfpack and it
turns out there was no West Virginia
Wolfpack said he became the first state
director a few months later he couldn't
keep up he was too busy with the rest of
his life to be able to continue doing it
became state director and four years
later almost Here I am yeah that's
amazing suit look uh it's so heartening
to hear because I of course I remember
the McCutcheon decision I don't remember
the video I made on it what
was it about that that triggered you to
want to get involved and spend your free
time doing this instead of having fun
going to movies whatever it was the last
straw I got into politics watching TYT
in the news itself about a year before
that honestly started watching Alex
Jones and TYT at the same time and wow
that's really watch Alex Jones anymore
it's weird because he would talk about
these things that never happened and
then you would talk about these things
that were actually happening but that
being said a star watching TV Watchi and
I started seeing all these videos about
all these things that made me angry but
at the same time the connecting
ingredient and all of them was money in
politics and when the McCutcheon
decision happened and the video did
about the angry video did that was just
the last straw and that was when I had
to finally stand up and do something
about it you know before we go is one
more quick thing for you Richard so has
has it been you know I said you could be
doing fun things like going to movies or
something but has it been fun has it
been hard what what is your experience
but all those things there's been
aspects of this that have been the
funnest things I've done in my life and
then there's been some some of the
hardest things I've done like Tron the
first time you were the legislator
that's not the easiest thing to do the
first time but it's not the hardest
thing to do either it's also some of the
funnest things I've done being able to
go to the Capitol and see democracy in
action that's fine yeah that's great man
I love you hear that and so legislator
you go hey I want a meeting and they
give you a meeting um sometimes
sometimes you have to try a little
harder I guess you could say yeah but uh
yeah democracy is still alive and stay
level as you say I mean I can get a
meeting with the majority of the people
in my state house long before I'm gonna
meet with Joe Manchin or show them we're
capita from my state so so that's
awesome you you know how many
legislators you've met with um I've lost
track at this point Wow okay more than
ten more than a hundred probably more
than a hundred so look guys think about
that for a second
so Richard is a cook at IHOP there's no
there's nothing secret he's not secretly
a lobbyist
maybe there's no he didn't know how to
do this before he got in
we're team we work together we do we
teach each other we train each other etc
and he's met with over a hundred
legislators he's taking power back into
his hand own hands isn't that awesome
look as we as we go to other stories I
want to throw up links to it see this is
how you could volunteer you could donate
but the most important thing is that we
need warriors we need an army of
volunteers so the links to how you can
do that will be in description box below
on YouTube in the comment section on
Facebook so the donations make all this
possible like I said it helped to hire
John everybody there's only just a
couple of staffers and and and everybody
else's volunteers so both are super
important get involved in your own
States there so Alexis let's go to you
so you're in Ohio what do you do for a
living first of all I sell property and
casualty insurance so nothing to do with
politics directly okay so how did you
get involved in Wolfpack I started at my
last position in my last agency I
started working with a volunteer group
called meals til Monday which helped put
food in the backpacks of elementary
school kids who wouldn't have it
otherwise over the weekend and when I
looked into that problem I found that it
led back directly to the legislation
that was being put in place so and then
the harder I dug the more I found that
the only way to fix that problem and all
the other things I care about is to fix
campaign finance and the system that we
currently have so yeah you know both of
your stories and it's very logical it
reminds me of Alison so Alison Hartson
now running against Dianne Feinstein in
California go support her right now
we'll put that link down below as well
she started out as a teacher in Orange
County just like you she dug in she's
like there's something wrong here why
don't my kids have any funding and and
all the different things that she was
seeing with her own eyes and people
being deported yes back then as well
right and and she taught in a low-income
neighborhood and she's seen families get
torn apart she looks into it and goes oh
it turns out when you do a little bit of
research is actually fairly clear it's
money in politics and then she did a
search of all of the groups and she had
never heard of the Young Turks
and and said okay this group has a
logical plan the rest of them like okay
and like okay all right all right we let
people know about the problem and like
look I don't want to some of the groups
I got no love for some of them do good
work and they're chipping away at it
local laws legislation etc but this is
the fix that you go above the Supreme
Court you get an amendment and you fix
it for good so it's not a little here
and there and you think amendments super
hard getting legislation passed in
Congress in this corrupt Congress I
would argue is harder they're never
gonna let their people take away their
power they got their power through this
corrupt system but if you go to the
state level you could actually call for
a convention by meeting with the
legislators as you guys are doing and
then we could actually go around
Washington it is enormous ly doable so
but Alexis to continue with your story
so why Wolfpack how did you find it and
why'd you decide to get involved in this
group well I've been watching TYT since
2014 so I've had that I've had the fire
I just haven't had the the whatever it
took to get me involved with Wolf Act
but after the 2016 election that's when
it happened
so there was just a breaking point I had
to jump in okay well I didn't know see I
don't know a lot of these stories so
that's great to hear I'm glad that it
made a little bit of a difference so how
did you wind up becoming the organizing
director in Ohio there was a need so
just like wolf pack's Apple said Ohio
was a pretty small team we had we had a
couple of organizers and we had a few
people who were wanting to be active but
we really didn't know we were doing so
the national team the national
coordinator who was working with us he
kind of identified a couple of people
who were who were really fired up about
it and had the time and helped us he
empowered us to help everybody else in
our state you don't like because you
know higher we needed an insurance
policy that's right so lately there's
been all these goofy movies like like
Liam Neeson on the on the train and he's
the commuter
that's not a thing that's not like
that's like the least cool thing there
right so so you do insurance policies is
there what's the title of the of the
role I'm a customer service
representative slash agent so I do a
little bit of like servicing policies
for people and then also selling things
that they need the selling things person
no that's not working we got to work on
it have a secret committee we should
society secret society so we're talking
to a lot of the leaders of Wolfpack here
that are in the studio today and we
talked to Richard and Alexis want to go
to John Shen next John you went to Yale
and got a master's in chemistry and then
obviously decided to get money out of
politics right so real quick like I
asked everyone else what made you want
to get involved in that instead of
pursuing what you got to Masterson so I
found TYT around the time that I was
getting more politically aware with the
Bernie Sanders campaign and I think
honestly I think I heard you say wolf
dash pack.com I want one too many times
similar to Alexis but if I had to put it
on a video I would say the video you did
on rhode island when their team passed
the resolution through their state to
make them number five
it was incredibly inspiring and kind of
my first my first thoughts that I could
actually make change happen myself not
relying upon my vote every every time an
election comes around to maybe get a
champion into an elected body I could
make my voice be heard on my own yeah
there's no knight in shining armor
there's no politician come save you
right you got to save yourself you're
the knight in shining armor so you're
right you know that Rhode Island victory
that we've obviously had five of them
you get 34 and
and that's when you get the convention
and then you get the amendment and then
you gotta have 38 states ratified it
isn't easy but you do it one by one and
each one of them has been an amazing
story in the chicane Illinois they
called the Wolfpack team the mountain
army and and they were an irresistible
force couldn't stop a Mallinson horse in
California organized over a thousand
volunteers and got it passed and in
Rhode Island the Senators told the
people are the Wolfpack volunteers in
the in the galley don't clap don't make
a noise if it because this breaks the
quorum and then when it passed the
senator stood up and gave them a
standing ovation Jesus man I mean it's
look I've seen it be the greatest
moments in people's life because you are
taking charge and and this is what
democracy is supposed to look like so
John I want to thank you for you know
because you got a really bright future
ahead of you and for you to stop what
you were doing and to come and volunteer
first and his nicknames the closer
because he was always the last one out
there and still fighting every day in
Connecticut his home state and then to
to come and work for us and and I want
to thank you guys for hiring him because
you did we hired him with the money that
you donated really really appreciate it
so actually let me stay with you for one
second talk about canvassing because
that's that's what you were great at and
so what is it what do people do it and
why does it make a difference so I got
one of my first activities with Wolfpack
was on the cava campaign when we got
involved in a special election in for
the Connecticut State Senate yeah cowboy
we got a have a we got a have a yeah
didn't end up pulling out the win but
for that campaign I was basically on the
ground going door-to-door every single
day talking to constituents and voters
and just letting them know the one issue
that we campaigned on money in politics
kaavo was the better candidate and it
was it was amazing to me to see I talked
to two voters all across the political
spectrum including some Trump voters who
invited me into their home
into their kitchen and we you know
railed on about money and politics for
for 15 minutes you know and yeah I
should have been getting back on that
back on the road I wonder why is the
closer sitting there having coffee with
the Republicans over there Lonnie which
by the way it's a totally nonpartisan
group and in that story you tell I hear
all the time from Wolf Pack volunteers
all across the country Republicans hate
crony capitalism they don't like money
in politics either they don't want
source money in there Bloomberg money
Union money we don't want me personally
as a progressive I don't want Mercer
money I don't want Koch brothers money
get it all out I don't want corporate
money or Union money let's get back to
democracy so so you got energized by
that and so art so that was a campaign
by the way we didn't win but it was that
seat had been held for a hundred years
by Republicans and and we closed a
twenty six point lead
so it was the 30 points well I believe
it was the margin of victory in the last
election and I think we brought it down
to around four or five right so in that
ballpark yeah yeah so I remember saying
at the time next time you were against
Wolfpack can you vote against democracy
you better have a 26 point lead so yeah
and and in New Hampshire week I rallied
against a legislature there and and he'd
been in office for decades and we took
him out and and so it's just empowering
when you do that you can help people if
they're supporting you and you could
work against them but canvassing is not
just in elections it's also to actually
get legislation passed so let me let me
go back to Richard now so well what what
is K what is the capital game okay it
sounds like maybe something they might
play in on Wall Street but it's not
right not exactly we wouldn't have it in
West Virginia if that was the capital
game yeah capital game is how you
effectively advocate to your state house
it's the time that you spend in your
state house trying to get in front of
politicians trying to get your
legislation passed in West Virginia we
had no capital gain when we started
wheat and we barely had a team we didn't
know any of the legislators none of us
were
connected I guess you could say but ever
four years we've grown it to a capital
gain from maintain your presence at the
capital from building relationships with
legislators and from never giving up
it's something you have to maintain
something you have to continue towards
not something you do for maybe a session
and then you oh we win no unfortunately
it takes a little bit longer than that
to build a strong capital game but any
team especially I mean asking the teams
that have won they didn't win from just
calling the legislators and they just
imagine we passed the bill you have to
have a capital gain them if you want to
win your state yeah here in a story yeah
and so no professional lobbyists here
but we work hard and so I I know a lot
of Wolfpack volunteers across the
country that now are on a first-name
basis with their a lot of their
legislators they'll see they'll go to
barbecues with them there go have drinks
with them which is pretty neat because
these are not corrupt people these are
actually state legislators who actually
care and we've got a lot of them got
into it because just like you guys just
like you they they care about the issues
I'm not saying they're all angels right
and sometimes you gotta apply pressure
and hence the races that we run etc and
I remember in the New Hampshire race our
national director Mike Minetta runs into
the guy we were running against at
Burger King on the night before the
election and he asked him are you the
guy are you the guys who came to get me
the correct answer is goddamn right
hey and he was gone he lost the election
the next day and and and and that's
hardball too but also some of them are
good guys and you help them win
elections and so and that's part of the
Capitol game and and and and building up
those relationships you know we're
talking about Republicans etcetera again
Pennsylvania volunteers told me Trump's
gonna win right we we're going house to
house the house nothing but Trump right
and so it's you get to meet people hey
you know you get to do all these things
I just so excited by all the things
that's involved so let's just finally
come back to you we mentioned that
you're an organizer in Ohio what
that mean what does an organizer do so
we we say this all the time but upwards
of 90% of Americans believe that this is
a huge issue this is the issue to fix
the other issues and they want to help
they want to fight for it but to fight
to fix it but they don't know how so
as an organizer what you'd be doing is
you'd be empowering people just like you
who want to fight for this and fix it to
do that you'd be calling them to check
in with them and helping them call their
legislators and then training them
giving them tips sharing the things that
you've learned and learning things from
them and working together to fix it so
organizers are super important and it's
obvious from what we've told you that
there's a clear way to work your way up
here right so Alison Hardison comes in
as a volunteer goes on to organizer then
becomes national director and and and
obviously now running for the Senate
wouldn't it be amazing right and if we
did this throughout the years and we put
all these folks we get money out of
politics and then we put a lot of folks
into whether it's state office or
national office Tim Smith up in New
Hampshire you know is he's a wolf pack
supporter he started out that way and
now he's a legislator there and I can
name you several other legislators
throughout the country that they cared
and what got into it because of money in
politics and now they represent you guys
so come join us let's fight together and
this I tell you this to fulfillment it's
a hell of a drug
and and you're gonna have fun it's gonna
be some of the best times of your life
and if we win
let us whisper of a dream that day that
we get the amendment it's gonna be the
greatest day there ever was when we got
a light on this one one last story
Alison some issue would go state the
state as Mike does our national director
now Josh does and and Brian does
etcetera and now John will as well and
you go into all these different states
because they all vote in similar times
and you're trying to win in Missouri at
the same time as New Hampshire and one
guy's gonna go to one place the other
person has to go to the other and so
Allison had developed such a reputation
now she walked into a meeting once and
the lobbyist turned and said oh no she's
here come on how great does that feel so
come and experience that it's the
feeling of a lifetime and I want to
thank all you guys Richard John Alexis
everyone else that's here is the part of
leadership of Wolfpack guys have been
here for a long long time Todd in Texas
getting Republicans on our team for all
these years and and like I said look
this is the one thing that the whole
country agrees on 93% of Americans say
that politicians represent their donors
and not their voters we can change that
and we can actually unite the country on
this issue let's do it together
wolf dash pack.com all the links are
down below make sure you volunteer
donate whatever you can do to help so
that we can win and fix our government
and get our democracy back
