this year t Whitey's been making a lot
of moves now you can too now how you
gonna do that you want to launch a new
business that sounds fun
you're gonna change careers geez him
Lord mercy you're gonna need a website
for all that lucky for you
Squarespace also making moves you're
gonna go to squarespace.com slash tyt
you get 10% off your first purchase and
you're gonna get to build anything you
want on that website with a unique
domain what are you crazy go do it now
go there is a GOP candidate in Missouri
who is running for a Senate seat his
name is Cortland Sykes and he is very
open about the fact that he loves
ridiculous in that photo he also has
been posting some negative things about
Democratic women on his Facebook page
and this is one of the images he posted
that's been getting a lot of heat he
makes the argument that Democratic women
dress like Disney villains because they
want to be Disney Villains
and so he got pushed back on that and
here's the way he reacted to it after
seeing the way Democrats have attacked
strong conservative women like Kellyanne
Conway Sarah Huckabee Sanders and our
first lady our campaign rightfully
pointed out that Democrats are acting
and dressing like Disney villains if
Democrats like Claire McCaskill who by
the way he would run against if he won
in the Republican primary don't want to
be compared to Disney Villains then they
should stop emulating them what so
conservatives attack democratic women
constantly and I'm not talking about
voters and private citizens okay I'm
talking about public figures so let's
take the private citizens out of it
because yes private citizens have said
despicable things about first ladies
whether they're conservatives or
liberals and it's wrong but they're
private citizens when it comes to public
figures public figures people on the
conservative side will go on the record
saying some of the most horrendous
things about democratic women think
about what happened with Michelle Obama
I have a bunch of examples for you case
in point let's go to Glenn Beck talking
about the way Michelle Obama dressed
while
Obama's administration was in power take
a look the most Marie Antoinette I have
ever seen of anything with Michelle
Obama did you see the dress she was
wearing while she went down and toward
the oil spill did you see it I did not
this is good stuff it she's she looks
like who pulls this dress out of the
closet and says you know what I think
I'm gonna do a tour the only because I
can relate it's a designer dress all
white that has black so you you don't
think she was appropriately dressed for
the oil spill I think this is an outrage
this is like an outrage okay well I I'm
so baffled by that what was wrong with
that dress I don't know I guess they
thought she was trying to make a
statement because it looked like there
were black splotches on her dress they
thought that it was supposed to
represent the oil I have no idea before
they went to the picture I thought it
the way he sent up that she was gonna be
in a gown like she spell in like a know
a wedding dress 2009 there was literally
a debate among media figures in regard
to whether or not it was appropriate for
Michelle Obama to show her arms to wear
sleeveless clothing okay I'll give you
some more examples here is a photo of
Michelle Obama wearing a beautiful red
dress I believe it was in 2010 it was
some sort of White House event you say
beautiful red dress I say outraged no
but there were people who are outraged
by it Jim Hoff is an example criticized
not only the color the first lady chose
to wear calling the event the comi Red
China Obama state dinner but also the
fit of the gown he thought it fit her in
a bizarre way I don't even know what
that means does that mean it was too
tight to loose I also don't need any
perv out on it why why is he checking
out the fit of the dress and then
finally of course rush limbaugh had
things to say about Michelle Obama
here's what he had to say about her
weight which oh come on come on let me
read you his quote it doesn't look like
Michelle Obama follows her own nutrition
Airi dietary advice I'm trying to say
that our
first lady does not project the image of
women that you might see on the cover of
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue or of
a woman Alex Rodriguez might date is
that the new standard what so would Alex
Rodriguez have dated Barbara Bush god
bless your Barb's but okay so there is
so insane and how could you see it look
what I make fun of Chris Christie when
Jimmy eggs me out and make fun of Chris
Christie I make note that I live in a
glass house on that issue and we're
similar but if I were to make fun of
Brad Pitt or something Blake get a lot
of that guy's weight such a good way of
putting it because Michelle Obama was
cut like she had these insanely toned
arms and I loved when she wore
sleeveless shirts like it inspired me
like I need to I need to get on it but
yeah look she was criticized by those on
the right very openly these were public
figures it was incessant
and for for anyone who criticizes the
first lady whether she's a conservative
or liberal or progressive with just
don't do it don't do it okay you might
hate the president but it doesn't mean
that you get to go on and attack their
family members usually the first lady is
super benign okay I thought they were in
favor of guns so Obama had guns if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now t whitey
network.com slash join get the whole
young turks Oh every day
