this year TYT has been making a lot of
mousse now you can too now how you gonna
do that you want to launch a new
business that sounds fun
you're gonna change careers jeezum lord
mercy you're gonna need a website for
all that lucky for you
Squarespace also making moves you're
gonna go to squarespace.com slash tyt
you get 10% off your first purchase and
you're gonna get to build anything you
want on that website with a unique
domain what are you crazy go do it now
go there is a GOP candidate in Missouri
who is running for a Senate seat his
name is Cortland Sykes and he is very
open about the fact that he loves
ridiculous in that photo now the reason
why he's getting a little bit of
attention is because he has been asked
about his feelings in regard to women's
rights and he has said some things that
have upset some women I'll tell you why
now let me give you the details the
question is do you favor women's rights
and he says this he has a fiance named
Chanelle and he says well Chanel my
fiance has given me orders to favor them
so I better but Chanel knows that my
obedience comes with a small price that
she loves to pay anyway I want to come
home to a home-cooked dinner at 6:00
every night one that she fixes and one
that I expect one day to have daughters
learn to fix after they become
traditional homemakers and family wives
think Norman Rockwell's here and Gloria
Steinem be damned so let's pause here so
when it first started out I was like oh
they like to play games
mm-hmm like hey he's been a bad boy and
he needs to be obedient right and then
they're but then they're switching it up
for dinner and etc and I'm like you do
you boo okay and and right back at you
so you wish you know go nuts it started
it started out fun at the end they're
normal Rockwell no problem normal walk
well they're having dinner ready for me
I mean I don't know if you're playing
some sort of games okay fine but but if
you expect that that's how you know your
daughters should react I'm mmm you're
losing me Gloria Steinem be damned
okay needlessly hostile tip of
iceberg definitely the tippy tip of the
iceberg so he continues I don't buy into
radical feminists feminism's craze
definition of modern womanhood and I
never did they don't own that definition
and never did they made it up to suit
their own nasty snake-filled heads
modern women can be anything they want
including traditional women as millions
are and millions more are fast becoming
ok so I I have many things to say in
response to his statement so first of
all the whole point of feminism is not
to like strangle women and tell them you
must be a career oriented woman or else
we'll come after you
no it's it's just telling women like do
you boo you want to be a homemaker
awesome you want to be a stay-at-home
mom one of the most difficult things in
the world to do more power to you but
let's have equality of opportunity in
the workplace for women who do want to
be career oriented and so I look I can't
stand people who look down on or
criticize women who choose to be
homemakers I think that that is their
choice and if they're happy doing it
again all the more power to you but I
also equally despise people who
criticize women who choose to be career
oriented women what's wrong with that no
he can do no look let's be fair here
Anna of course you would think that
because your head is filled with snakes
yes heads I'm gonna use I never heard
that before I'm gonna use that from now
on so he continues there's more there's
more um so he talks about his daughters
he doesn't have daughters yet he's just
assuming that one day he'll have
daughters and this is what he has to say
about them I don't want them to grow up
into career-obsessed banshees awesome
fancies bringing banshees back okay
before go home life and children and and
the happiness of family to become
nail-biting man Oh phobic helmet
feminist she-devils who shriek from the
tops of a thousand tall buildings they
are think they could have leaped over in
a single bound
had men not suppressing them by the way
we didn't like mistakenly write the
graphics this way this was literally
copied and pasted from his website this
is the way he wrote it he also continues
to say had men not been suppressing them
it's just nuts it's always it always was
this guy's colorful man his blue steel
is not the only and that's colorful the
Banshees the snake filled heads the help
Devils but by the way I believe in
women's rights okay when they ask about
it because he has a fiance who's making
him believe in women's rights by the way
you riding me the guy the Klan guy that
I saw he had interviewed once he says oh
these n words are they're inferior
they're they have poor genes it says so
the reporter asked them so so you're
racist he's like no no I'm not racist
pretty sure you are right yeah and he's
like oh the she-devil banshees with
their snake fill the heads so your guess
what my starts not around for wombs oh
yeah every woman's rights as long as
they stay at home and do exactly as I
tell them and have dinner ready by 6:00
it's the feminists aren't against choice
you're against choice exactly feminists
say ok get dinner ready if you want to
do it for yourself do it for your
husband if you want to go work if you
want to it's to empower women to do
whatever they want this guy says no you
know I'm gonna teach teach my daughter's
not to you know shout from Thousand tall
foot buildings or whatever babies and
I'm gonna make them have dinner for
their husbands by the way there's no way
that's gonna happen yeah and and also
there's this there's this misconception
that all feminists you know they're all
the same they're all radical they hate
men I can assure you I don't hate men I
like men a lot I like my man a lot ok
and I like look there are some
components of our relationship that are
extremely modern some components of our
relationship that are very traditional
like I get turned on when he does handy
handy things around the house I don't
think that takes my my feminist Credle
way right I like feeling protected I
like feeling small and like you know and
what I mean by small is like physically
small and protected when I'm around him
that's totally fine feminism again for
the billionth time is not about telling
people what to do or judging people
based on whether or not they live their
lives in a traditional manner you again
do you boo I it's just interesting how
hostile he is and how angry he is like
just let's calm it down a little bit no
no the dude's got issues and look it's
obvious that he is projecting his issues
with women on to all women and to
feminists so he thinks I want women to
do this and only this
so feminists must also want them to do
this and only this
right it's a conservative 101 you know I
want to get have huge government and
that controls your life I want to tell
you who you can sleep with when you
should have dinner ready what to do with
your bodies and then what do they say
about liberals oh they want big
government that controls your lives you
just watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
