there has been sentencing in the case of
the Team USA gymnastics coach and dr.
Larry Nasser so Larry Nasser has
received his sentencing there he is the
USA gymnastics doctor was convicted of
multiple counts revolving around sexual
assault and abuse of over a hundred
young females Voxx reports he received
forty to 175 years in Michigan State
Prison for criminal sexual abuse in
addition to 60 years these 60 years he
received on federal child pornography
charges
in July so the minimum sentence it seems
is a hundred years Judge rosemary aqua
lena said she was signing his death
warrant
in her statement also saying that it is
her honor and privilege to sentence him
and she would not send her dogs to him
now there was video that came out of
this video of the doctor kind of giving
his apology or post sentencing statement
and we're gonna contrast that to a
statement he made previous here's the
the video of the statement he made upon
receiving his sentencing it's just a
short statement your words these past
several days your words your words have
had a significant emotional effect on
myself and has shaken me to my course I
also recognize that what I am feeling
pales in comparison to the pain trauma
and emotional destruction that all of
you
no 155 with that Brad how sorry I am for
what has occurred except no Paul apology
accept all of you is impossible to write
and convey I will carry your words with
me for the rest of my days after this
the judge read a statement she had
received before the trial something that
NASA wrote to her and the judge wrote
read that following his apology take a
listen to the contrast between the two
statements in cases was medical not
sexual another reason for the state
guilty plea so I'm trying to avoid a
trial to save this dress to this
community my family the victims yeah
look what is happening it is wrong I was
at the doctor because my treatment
worked
and those patients that are now speaking
out for the same ones that prays and
came back over and over and referred
family and friends to see me the media
convince them that everything I did was
wrong admit please feel my brother their
trust
he'll have no fury
so that is the statement a little
different going in and coming out so a
really important point there is that
that is not a statement he did in the
beginning of the trial and the trial
lasted four years right ahead that's a
statement he sent to the judge last week
last week that's it so he hasn't learned
anything he doesn't give a damn about
any of it and I just want to correct him
about hell hath no fury like a woman
scorned in their cases actually girls
that girls as young as six years old
there's a hundred and sixty three of
them one of the people who came in and
testified one of the victims was not the
girl was his mom it was her mom because
she had committed suicide already he
Nasser had started molesting her at it
when she was 10 years old and and and
she took her life later okay
so now I don't know for a fact that the
suicide is connected but that's what the
mom certainly believes and there's good
evidence behind that and he knows all
that and he's still just last week or so
it's their fault not my fault that they
were scorned you molested them it's some
people are unreal so that's that's a
huge part of the story I think the
second part of the story we'll get to in
a minute is is who else was involved and
what what did they cover up anytime I
hear about sexual abuse because what we
get when we get to to this point is
because somebody was brave enough to
speak now we find out about all these
people there are so many young women out
there who have been sexually abused who
will not challenge somebody's power and
never say anything I I think that you
know his his perception first of all he
said it was unfortunate what I would
occurred instead of saying what I did
here's a problem with accountability and
you know accusing the judge of the media
circus like he still hasn't owned the
fact even though he may say I'm sorry he
will not admit that he did wrong it
doesn't realize that that's still part
of the abuse that women have to endure
when you make somebody feel bad about
doing something to them that's wrong and
then you still won't say I did something
wrong
and I just think it's disgusting and I'm
so glad that he's gonna be gone away and
if the rules of prison still apply you
don't really have a good time in prison
because they don't play that yeah
the hell hath no fury like a woman
scorned that's someone who is acted with
impunity for so long yeah but he has no
awareness of other people and you can
see weights in when he gives his apology
in the room the one the clip that we
played first you can you can just see
that he is put I mean in my eyes he is
reacting to this effect on him the fact
that he just yet he got sentenced to at
least a hundred years essentially to
numbers like a hundred and seventy five
years so and then to go through there's
all these statements from the women
there were a hundred and sixty-three
people spoke even though he was only up
for seven counts of abuse that's what he
pled guilty to as part of the plea deal
right so he but the judge allowed 163
people to speak so that you could hear
all the stories they all it's strange
that they were all so similar but yet so
unique to the people who are giving them
and one that struck me was Larissa Boyce
who told them Michigan state official
because they shared facilities it was a
Michigan State University official who
was friends with Nasser and she tells
the story of how she talked to someone
that she was able to confide in that she
thought she could trust and then that
person just turned around and told
Nasser the whole story betraying her
trust take a listen to this statement
I told an adult I told Michigan State
University back in 1997
instead of being protected I was
humiliated I was in trouble and
brainwashed into believing that I was
the problem this MSU employee then fed
me back to you the wolf to continue to
be devoured instead of taking the right
steps to report my concerns she betrayed
my confidence so that's the second part
of this story so Larry masters a monster
and we all realize that the only person
who doesn't realize it apparently is
Larry Nasser but now you know when you
look at us hm
asacs the Corolla Ranch Michigan State
University all the different people that
were involved I don't know what layers
of culpability they have although people
should certainly look into it
USA Gymnastics has cut off ties with the
Corolla Ranch where a lot of this
happened and but in the case of Michigan
State well we know that 1997 story and
that's a story that unfortunately you
hear over and over again and and why the
me2 movement is so important now this is
a different situation with child
molestation but where people report
things and they're not believed and and
the rest of the people cover-up for it
and by the way also having the case of
child molestation at Penn State with
Sandusky and and in it's not worse than
the original crime but it's right up
there because when you let those
monsters loose and you help them shame
the victims then then yes then then
you've you know the whole institution is
what keeps people down not just that one
doctor this girl Rachel den Hollander oh
that's the last one that testified yeah
yeah hard description was perfect
because everyone who's experienced child
abuse can relate to what she's saying
she said one who is capable of
manipulating his victims through coldly
calculated grooming methodologies and
that is something that people who've
been sexually abused that that is what
they're subject to it's the continuous
grooming and believing that this is part
of the play and all of these adults that
are rallying around these children and
benefiting from their exploitation have
to be accountable
they just do yeah and she's the one of
the first people that came forward and
that's why she was the last to testify
to kind of conclude the proceedings and
the judge said you are the bravest
person I have ever had in my courtroom
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm
let's join
