this week I have to assume that Donald
Trump is sitting around the White House
and decided that he had not yet done
enough damage to our climate and to
efforts to stop global warming and so he
has a new plan and it is a series of
fairly brutal tariffs against solar
cells and other solar equipment that are
used for the rapidly expanding solar
industry inside of the US and initial
analyses show that this is likely to
significantly cut new solar
installations and also probably kill
maybe 10 to 20,000 workers in the solar
industry just in the next year and so
the tariff seized announced our 30% next
year falling by 5% each year for four
years there with a tiny bit that's
exempted from the tariff in the
beginning and energy experts say it's
unlikely that the tariffs will create
more than a small number of American
solar manufacturing jobs since low wage
countries will continue to have a
competitive edge even with the 30% and
the reason for this is interesting so if
you talk about the people who work in
the solar industry you might think well
they make solar cells but actually a
very small percentage of people who work
in solar actually produce solar cells
more than 260,000 Americans are employed
in the in the solar sector which by the
way is way way way bigger than coal but
fewer than 2,000 of those they're
actually manufacturing them there's a
lot of other jobs like installations
maintenance and all of that and so the
interesting thing with these tariffs is
is that to think that this would lead to
new jobs you would have to know
virtually nothing about the solar
industry and also probably nothing about
international trade because now those
tiny 2000 workers who make the cells
still produce cells that are
unfortunately more expensive than the
foreign ones even with tariffs which
means that they will not see
significantly higher sales people will
still buy the foreign ones except
they'll have to pay 30% more meaning
they're less likely overall to actually
want to install them in the first place
and what's tragic about this is that it
comes on the back of explosive growth in
solar energy here in the US over the
last eight years an influx of cheap
imported panels is driven down the cost
of solar projects by 85% as a result
than
our solar installations as sort of 12
gigawatts last year from less than one
gigawatt in 2010 so just over about
seven years huge growth in the industry
and a chief executive for renewables
corporation says that every percentage
point of tariff is going to be in
projects which will no longer be built
because they're no longer economically
viable will lose projects no question
it's been estimated in the things that
I've seen that about 11 percent of
installations next year will not be
built and that actually hides the
problem because a lot of the
installations that will be built next
year they've already got the equipment
they need the huge drop-off we're gonna
see is actually going to be in the year
after that and the year after that when
new purchases need to be made and so
this is already going to be a disaster
but in a year or two it's gonna look
even worse so let's talk about context
here and consequences so first of all is
John explained there's 2,000 people who
work in the manufacturing of these solar
panels only 2,000 out of the 260,000
overall in the industry the estimates
are that we're gonna lose because of the
tariffs 23,000 jobs overall in the
sector so that's 11 times the number of
jobs that exist in manufacturing in this
sector so how does that make any sense
you would have to increase the number of
jobs 11 to 12 fold to make up the
difference in manufacture which no one
thinks is possible or going to happen in
any way shape or form so we know with
almost great certainty but this will
cost us tens of thousands of jobs ok so
then why do it well there's a number of
reasons one is propaganda like Trump
said I'm gonna do tariffs and it's gonna
create jobs and then you if any solar
manufacturer creates like 50 jobs he'll
do talk about that non-stop till the
cows go home and the press will get
distracted by the next tweet and not
report to 23,000 jobs that they're gonna
lose yeah right so the second reason
might be crony capitalism so whether
it's the two companies in this case
Suniva or solar world Americas and I got
no beef with those companies and I don't
know
this is the case but they might have you
know done whatever they do with
politicians to get them to say oh yes we
will protect you the rest of the
industry will be screwed but you guys
will get protected with these tariffs
third possibility is the oil and gas
industry yep
they said look Soler's real problems
massive competition to us and it's
getting cheaper by the day while
pretending to help solar manufacturers
will help to actually kill off our
competition and those guys give a ton of
money and not only in campaign
contributions and independent
expenditures but also in lobbying so
that's the game that's being played here
yeah yeah and it's it's really tragic I
mean we're we're like it seemed if you
look back 10 years certainly 20 years
ago the idea that solar would be a big
thing I mean Americans are so dense when
it comes to switching over to renewable
forms of energy the fact that the price
is shooting down so low has broken
through even that stubbornness and so a
lot of people are actually installing
solar and this is going to be a
crippling wound for at least a few years
solar back in 2016 created one in 50 of
the new jobs in the US which is a big
percentage for a small industry still
that's expected it'll be higher in 2017
and the solar industry itself was before
these tariffs growing at 17 times the
rate of the rest of the US economy like
this is so important now and it really
puts I think in stark contrast how
important a president is that Trump can
come in and he can kill a significant
percentage of the industry with a
regulation like this whereas I mean for
all the other problems like Obama helps
to put money into renewable energy and
into you know the the tax breaks that
you get for electric cars and things
like that like so with Trump we have a
crippling of it if we'd had a different
president than perhaps there'd be
investment in this industry and America
could become a world leader in this
instead we're going to continue to
follow other parts of the world that are
there helping to adopt and innovate in
the solar and other renewable industries
every single year it's a real tragedy
it was growing it
19 times the rest of the economy but
don't worry
Trump's on the watch here and he made
sure he's gonna put an end to that if
any part of our economy is growing
trample killing so that's where we are
today with solar if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
