so Chuck Schumer was beat up by a lot of
the activists and progressive base when
he caved in to Donald Trump then Donald
Trump danced on his grave a little bit
by leaking quotes like haha Trump wins
and then and then he wasn't done with
the leaks so he rubbed it in a little
bit more on Twitter saying we want you
lost so now Chuck Schumer's decided oh
yeah maybe we weren't gonna do a deal
alright whatever okay good it's a good
first step let me go to Politico here
the Senate Minority Leader through an
aide and inform the White House on
Monday that he was retracting offer he
made last week to give Trump well north
of 1.6 billion dollars in Wall funding
Trump had asked for this here according
to two Democrats two little meet too
late but I'll take it whatever tiny tiny
progress Democrats make when they come
out of their shell for a little bit I
guess should be encouraged so I'll give
you more here and now they say Trump
will simply not get a better deal than
that on a signature campaign promise so
look understand that two different
quotes oh yeah the one point six billion
dollars we're gonna give you now we're
not gonna give it to you and that's the
best deal you'll ever get so that means
you are gonna give it to him and by the
way they'll give him even more they're
Democrats trust me and dick Durbin says
about Schumer he called the White House
yesterday and said it's over who are you
guys kidding everybody knows who you are
the minute Trump and the Republicans in
Mitch McConnell call you with promises
you're gonna come running you think the
wonder Democrats aren't gonna negotiate
anymore they're not gonna give anything
for the wall inconceivable okay all
right data said well after we lost we
decided to put on some armor they
continued here at Politico the president
has now according to the Democrats quote
missed an opportunity to get the wall
I'm sure he's crying over it now his
Chuck Schumer talking about it
it was the first thing the president and
I talked about was finishing it by as he
said Tuesday night three days and the
plot was that we could come to an
agreement that afternoon the president
would announce his support and then the
Senate and House would get it done and
it would be on the President's desk he
didn't do that so we're gonna have to
start start on a new basis and the wall
offers off the table everybody knows
it's gonna be back on the table
but hey congratulations Democrats you
figured it out when you're negotiating
the only strategy isn't just give give
give and give more for the first time
ever the Democrats realized Oh what have
we take something away what is that how
negotiations work yes that's how it
works so what was the original deal a
dreamer plan written by a bipartisan
group of six senators including Jeff
Flake Republican of Arizona had included
Trump's 1.6 billion dollar request as
part of a broader 2.7 billion dollar
border security package so that was the
deal and now Trump said he wanted more
and then as you guys all know Schumer
and the Democrats buckled and and passed
the budget at least for three weeks
without anything in there for the
dreamers and Jeff Flake saying basically
don't worry guys they're Tamarack rats
they're gonna do as they're told
says this Senator Schumer's already
indicated that he would go for more more
than 1.6 billion dollars Republicans
will go for more it's just how much more
we can get from the Democrats and I wish
that wasn't true but that has been the
state of negotiations between Democrats
and Republicans for the last 20 years so
yeah the Republicans will go ask for
more and the Democrats will very very
likely give it to them so look I'm I
applaud the move to actually finally
take something off the table but I would
be shocked if they stuck with it and
actually had effective incompetent
negotiations likely Jeff Flake is right
Trump's estimation of the Democrats is
right and they will take a giant lead
where the people are with them
overwhelmingly so on the DREAM Act 70 to
80 percent approval rating and they'll
blow it and instead they'll give Trump
Oh a lot of the money that he has asked
for for a stupid wall and all that tough
talk they said about how he was never
gonna build a wall they're gonna help
him build it because they don't have it
in them to fight what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
