because there
welcome everyone to an incredibly
important discussion on senator Sanders
proposal for Medicare for all a
discussion that you are unlikely to ever
see in cable news or in the mainstream
media a discussion on a policy that the
majority of Americans care about and
want desperate action on today we are
going to hear not only from senator
Sanders himself but we will also hear
from health care professionals
individuals who are in the thick of it
who have experienced what it's like to
provide care in a country that has
nearly 30 million Americans who are
still uninsured now there will be three
segments to today's discussion to
today's Town Hall the first portion of
tonight will focus on the health care
crisis in the United States we will then
move on to a discussion about the
economic impact of Medicare for all and
finally we will do a comparative
analysis of other countries that offer
universal health care
and what the future could look like in
the United States if we have a
single-payer system it is an honor and a
pleasure to be here along with my peers
at now this and also attention and thank
you so much for attending and being part
of this monumental event I appreciate it
and I thank you very much and let me
begin by thanking all of you who are
here in this beautiful auditorium at the
visitors center of the US Capitol let me
thank the many hundreds of thousands of
people who are watching this event
through livestream and let me thank the
panelists who are here tonight who have
come from all over our country and in
fact all over the world to participate
in this extremely important discussion
I'm excited about this event tonight
because this in fact is an historic
event this is the first medicare-for-all
Town Meeting ever held in our nation's
capitol this is the first nationally
televised town meeting on medicare for
all and very importantly this is the
first nationally televised Senate Town
Meeting that is taking place outside of
corporate media
this this event is being live-streamed
tonight by three outstanding digital
media outlets The Young Turks now this
and attention and I thank them very much
for helping us put on this event tonight
and I'll tell you why
far too often corporate television
because of economic conflicts limits the
nature of what we see and the kinds of
discussions that we have so tonight let
me guarantee you that this event will
not be interrupted by commercials from
the drug companies or Wall Street or the
insurance companies so thanks again and
thanks again to the Young Turks now this
and attention let me begin with our very
first panel and this is a panel designed
to discuss the dysfunctionality of what
is going on in America today in terms of
health care we've got three great
panelists who are with us Stan Brock dr.
Claudia feegan and Deborah Wachtel Stan
Brock has lived an interesting life what
he does is go around this country and
he's been doing this for a few years
Stan yeah a few years and what he does
and this will shock many Americans in
this country the wealthiest country in
the history of the world what stem and
his organization Remote Area Medical do
is provide free clinics in remote parts
of the United States of American over
the last many years you've done some 800
of these free clinics volunteer doctors
and dentists Stan why do you do these
events and what are you a seeing out
there in the world in terms of
healthcare needs
well in the first place senator thank
you very much for inviting me here today
and this distinguished audience my
feelings about this problem go back to
1953 I grew up in the depression
I grew up through World War two and I
found myself in the upper Amazon in
1950s and in 1953 I had a very very
serious accident and when they picked me
up off the ground one of the people said
the nearest doctor is 26 days on foot
from here through that narrow trail
through the rain forest well I wasn't
able to make that narrow trail through
the rain forest but what I did say was
we're going to bring these doctors a
little bit closer than 26 days on foot
then when I came to this country many
years later I found that there were
millions of Americans who there may not
have been 26 days on foot from the
nearest doctor but they were certainly
unable to afford access to the care that
they need and so we formed this
organization called remote area medical
Ram and we've had over a hundred and
thirty thousand volunteers so this tells
you the scope of the volunteer spirit
here in America that people want to help
and why the government needs to allow
doctors to cross state lines so that
these volunteers can provide free care
where the government at the moment is
not able to provide affordable care we
have found out that in the last thirty
four years that the major problem for
people in this country is dentistry they
can't afford to go to the dentist now
kids they get some of the dental care
that they need but as soon as they leave
school they're on their own and by the
time they're getting into their thirties
they haven't been able to go to the
dentist and they're coming to one of our
events by the thousands and when there's
a thousand people out there who've got
numbers they've been waiting there for
maybe two days and they want to get
their health care I say how many people
are in the audience here meaning
that audience of patients are here to
see the dentist and all the hands go up
okay now we've got a lot of really fine
optometrists and ophthalmologists here
how many people are here to see the eye
doctor because they need a pair of
glasses to function and all the hands go
up again it's the same people but when
they're pressed they're gonna take the
dentist first and then the eye doctor
because they are liable to get all kinds
of unhappy things happen to them if they
don't take care of their teeth Stan let
me ask you this when I have seen
photographs of the clinics that you run
if I did not know that this was taking
place in the United States I surely
would have believed this is a poor third
world country where people spend the
night sleeping in there cause in order
to get dental care or health care is
that accurate yeah I mean two weeks from
now we're gonna hold the 900th
expedition in our hometown actually in
Knoxville Tennessee where we're based
and I can tell you that for two or three
days before that event there are going
to be a thousand people sleeping in
their cars sleeping in makeshift tents
and some of them don't even afford can't
don't have a car they're gonna walk
there and when we open the door on them
January the 31st and I call out who's
got number one they're gonna come in
there by the thousand and seventy
percent of them are gonna be for the
dentist and thirty percent for the eye
doctor but they all need to see the
medical doctors as well
because they're riddled with heart
disease and diabetes we die we diagnose
people with diabetes and heart disease
by the thousands but when they don't
feel well they go to the emergency room
at the hospital but the emergency room
doesn't do dentistry the emergency room
doesn't make eyeglasses okay let me jump
in here because I want to go to dr.
Claudia vigan a doctor feegan is the
chief medical officer at Cook County
Health and hospital system in Chicago
during the course of a year I believe
you have a million visits I mean it's a
huge enterprise mostly low
income people often people of color what
are you seeing in Chicago doctor freakin
well I can tell you that 36,000 people
died in the United States in 2016 as a
result of being uninsured and that we
based access to health care in this
country on your ability to pay for it
and not on your need for care so I work
in this large public system and every
day people come to see us with advanced
disease because they don't have
insurance and they thought that they
could manage their problems until times
got better but they got too sick and
they had to come in to be seen I can
tell you about a 56 year old cook with
hypertension who had no medications and
had a stroke on his way home from work I
could talk about the 64 year old
salesman also was hypertension who
thought he could wait until he turned 65
and got Medicare to take care of his
high blood pressure but that little bit
of nausea he developed with kidney
failure and now he needs dialysis I
could tell you about the 50 year old
with diabetes who had no medication who
came in with his blood sugar so high
that he developed such severe nausea and
vomiting he tore his esophagus so he
came in to see us bleeding dehydrated
and in diabetic ketoacidosis but I
probably will never forget the 54 year
old woman who was a nurse's aide who
came in to us after struggling for
months with difficulty swallowing and we
diagnosed her with advanced advanced
esophageal cancer and I was telling her
I remember telling her that we could put
in a feeding tube and talking to her
about putting her affairs in order and
she wanted me to arrange for her
radiation treatment to be given in the
early evening or late afternoon so that
she could continue to work because what
she knew was that if she couldn't
continue to work she wouldn't be able to
pay her bills including her rent and if
she couldn't pay her bills nothing else
mattered so what we see is that we have
studies that show that people who do not
have insurance delay in seeking care for
heart attacks that people who have
co-payments for medication
no matter how low it decreases the
utilization of much-needed medications
decreases the uses of blood pressure
medicine decreases the use of diabetic
medication and cholesterol-lowering
statins we know that the higher the
co-payment the poorer the outcome for
children with asthma so we need to make
health care a right in this country the
reality is that we already spend enough
money on health care in this country we
just allow too many people who are not
involved in the delivery of health care
to take profit from it let me ask a
question
tell me if I'm wrong but I expect some
of the people who actually walk in your
door do have health insurance but their
deductibles and co-payments are so high
they can't get to the doctor when they
needed it would that be true
that's exactly right so when you see
someone who has health insurance but
their deductible is 10 percent of their
income $35,000 a year with a $3,500
deductible that's not insurance and so
the the problem we have is people who
don't have access to medications we
provide access to medications for our
patients now when we talk about a
dysfunctional healthcare system and a
wasteful system
tell me about people who walk in your
door much later than they should have
and end up a great expense to the system
not to mention suffering in the hospital
does that take place as well so the
patients that I gave you examples of
were all examples of people who would
have been much cheaper to take care of
them earlier on that cook would have
been able to continue working if he
could have his afford his blood pressure
medication that gentleman with diabetes
got very sick or the salesman who had
uncontrolled hypertension and got kidney
failure he could have continued to work
and not need dialysis if he had
controlled his blood pressure so you see
people who are walking in to your door a
lot later than they should every day
every day it is the what fills our
emergency room it burns our clinics we
find it's much easier to control the
blood pressure than to pay for the
rehabilitation after your stroke right
and that's one of the craziness of the
system we pay after 10 times more than
we spend rather than preventing the
crisis care is far cheaper okay Debra
Wachtel is a nurse practitioner outside
of in Burlington Vermont depo you and I
were discussing an issue that is
probably the issue of most concern to
the American people in terms of health
care and that is the high cost of
prescription drugs when somebody walks
into your office and they get a
option for medicine how often does it
happen that then they're unable to fill
get that prescription filled that the
doctor prescribed in our case it's the
nurse practitioners because we have a
nurse practitioner practice and whether
you're a nurse practitioner or a
physician of PA when we prescribe
medications for patients it becomes a
circus so one patient might walk in with
insurance and their copay is four
dollars and they walk out very happy the
next patient who has the identical
medical issues and has insurance there
they're come their insurance company
makes them pay $1,200 for the same
medication then another patient would
pay four dollars for my day is spent
seeing patients but interjected
throughout my day is phone calls from
pharmacists with rejection after denial
after rejection of the prescriptions
that we write and you spent that at all
but some waste an enormous amount of
time it's a time when I could actually
be seeing patients or talking to
patients on the phone and the other
issue is that when I write the
prescription and this is the worst part
of it that the insurance companies have
multiple different rules about what you
can prescribe so one insurer there's
like 50 different insurance companies
with different 50 different formularies
so I write a prescription for a generic
medication send it in I get a call two
hours later three hours later that was
denied but they can't tell me what
prescription to write I sometimes have
to redo that prescription four or five
times before the pharmacist says oh okay
they'll they'll prescribe this they'll
pay for this one okay let me jump in now
I believe we have a video question
all right the answer is that I'm gonna
give it over to dr. feegan spent half a
life fighting for a single-payer system
so well so the reality is is that the
majority of physicians in this country
accept Medicare rates but the other
important point here is that with a
single-payer system physicians may take
home a greater percentage of what they
make because the billing is so simple
and so they don't have to spend the
money on billing staff and trying to
figure out the wants or needs of the
various insurance companies so actually
and their malpractice has actually
decreased as well so physicians actually
may make less gross but their net is
greater so it equals out tell me if I'm
wrong in this one and you know Deborah
you talked about having to argue with
insurance companies and all that stuff I
detect a lot of demoralisation among
many people in the medical profession
who went to medical school because they
wanted to practice medicine not spend
their lives arguing with the insurance
companies so you have you have non
physicians directing your practice and
it's insulting to spend as much time as
we do training as whether nurse
practitioners or physician's assistants
or physicians and then to have a
bureaucrat tell you you can have this
drug and not that drug and it's not
necessarily because one is cheaper over
the other but because they have a
contract with one but as opposed to the
other and can I add to that the other
tragedy is that we are already
struggling with the shortage of primary
care providers I am also a faculty and I
work with medical students and nurse
practitioners students and when they're
in the clinical setting and they observe
how difficult it is to practice with
their
in school to practice they they saw
often at that point in time make a
decision to not go into primary care
because it's impossible you spend your
entire day fighting when really what you
want to be doing is helping people to
heal standard rope anything to add to
this er I got a lot of remarks from
doctors and dentists around the country
there's easier to volunteer their
services in Guatemala than it is in
their own country and so I think that
although this is not the panacea not the
not it some people call it a band-aid
operation but we've seen close to a
million people and doctors need to be
allowed across state lines to provide
free care to people that simply can't
afford it I think what is frustrating
about what we're hearing is the enormous
waste of time and money you're arguing
but somebody who's well paid at the
other end of that telephone telling you
you can't use this drug and you add all
that stuff up you're talking about
billions of dollars every single year
that is wasted in that kind of effort
rather than putting that money into
healthcare not just that we're also
arguing every every imaging study we
order I had a patient who had a prime
cancer diagnosis we did not know where
the primary tumor was the only way to
start her treatment was to know where
the primary tumor was and every test I
ordered every imaging study got an
immediate denial it took so it delayed
her ultimate treatment by weeks and
weeks and we will never really know if
her death was due to the delay in
getting these imaging studies done I
don't think anyone argues was evidence
practice guidelines what we argue with
is restrictions just to limit access we
know that co-payments will deter the use
of appropriate care we know that these
guides that these barriers that are
placed in front of patients the fact
that you ask the patient if they have
insurance or how this visit will pay be
paid for deter people from seeking
necessary care what we want to do is
take care of
patience in the most appropriate way and
give them the best care available
because who doesn't deserve the best
care available we have the capability
and we're restrained by the lack of
access in this country okay I think we
have a question now from the audience
please Thank You senator hi everyone I'm
bursa from now this we're excited to be
one of the co-hosts of this town hall we
have many thousands of people watching
online but we also have hundreds of you
in the auditorium tonight one of those
people is Amelia McGuire who is a
healthcare a public health professional
and the DC area and she has the question
for your panel thank you so I know the
panel touched on prevention a little bit
during that discussion but I am a
registered dietician and I'm currently
serving in a public health role so I am
I just I'm very frustrated working with
my population that I work with which is
all low-income families and it doesn't
only apply to low-income families but
this is just what I see so many people
struggling to control chronic diseases
that are that could be a hundred percent
preventable through you know different
lifestyle interventions so on top of
trying to manage the chronic conditions
then also trying to navigate the health
insurance atmosphere and as you were
saying it does take up a lot of the
health providers time trying to help
clients and patients just navigate
through the whole mess of what health
care is so I guess my question is how
would single-payer health care address
or expand prevention issues okay I'm
gonna give it up to doctor freaking yes
so I think that it's a realization that
preventive services are far more cost
effective than treating patients after
the fact it Cook County we've actually
partnered because we recognize the
problems with nutrition and we partnered
with the Greater Chicago Food Depository
so that our providers are able to write
prescriptions for food and that actually
the Greater Food Depository sends trucks
was fresh fruits and best
most to our clinics on a monthly basis
and we're able to write a prescription
and a patient leaves with several pounds
of fresh produce not only several pounds
of fresh produce but but recipes on how
to prepare the produce and when we have
produce in when we do this in different
communities for example in a Mexican
community the recipes are in Spanish and
they are more suited to whatever the
ethnicity of the community so I think
that this is vital I think that the
American the patient-centered medical
home where the primary care medical home
recognizes the need for the support
services it will never be just the
physician or just a nurse practitioner
or PA who will make the difference or a
patient it will be a team and part of
that is helping to educate patients
about how to take care of themselves
single payer
gets us to the point where we can begin
to talk about preventive services and
not just worry about how the bill is
paid
I'd like to reinforce what what Katya
was saying because we are already doing
that in Vermont we have again primary
care health homes for our patients with
a complete complement of wraparound
services so when we recognize a patient
needs a dietician or nutritionist that's
what they get they need social services
that's what they get this is a workable
solution that already has evidence in
practice and it will not be hard in a
single-payer system to be able to adapt
that into the bigger picture of this
country all right I think your question
speaks to a huge issue we're going to
get into that more in the next panel but
we spend twice as much per capita on
health care as do the people of any
other country we spend about ten
thousand dollars for a man woman and
child and I don't think there's much
debate that we do not do anywhere near
what we should in terms of prevention in
terms of making sure that people are
eating well there are parts of the
United States of America there are urban
areas where you can't get fresh
vegetables what are the cool urban
deserts is that we food deserts food all
right there are pharmacy deserts as well
because the pharmacies are exiting these
communities that need access to
medications and furthermore or it is
clear and Debra raised this issue we
have a crisis in primary health care for
a lot of reasons if you are a young
doctor leaving young graduate of medical
school leaving school a couple hundred
thousand dollars in debt you know what
it's not too likely you're gonna go into
primary health care and everybody knows
that a strong system is a system in
which people can walk in the door when
they need to walk in that door that's
the way we save money by people not
ending up in the emergency room or the
hospital and everybody knows that
looking at families that are in trouble
that when you reach out and you prevent
crises you ease human suffering and you
save substantial sums of money right now
we have
a healthcare system that is not designed
to provide quality care to all people in
a cost-effective way let us be frank we
have a health system designed to make
enormous profits for insurance companies
and drug companies and disease
prevention and disease prevention is not
very high on their list prevention what
should we be doing that we're not doing
well I mean I think first thing the what
I tell my residence is that you will
never ever take care of a patient you
will teach patients how to take care of
themselves and that prevention is all
about teaching patients about themselves
their disease process and what are the
most important things for them to do
what we're asking is to free the hands
of the providers so they don't have to
spend so much time worried about how
they'll be compensated for that time and
allow them to spend the time with
patients and educate them about heart
disease educate them about their diet
and exercise and lifestyle I would like
to add we're in an era of climate change
and disaster relief and when you get a
big disaster like the one we all
responded to hurricane Harvey for
example in Houston and the place is
flooded it's bringing on health care
issues and the people that are suffering
more than anybody else at the poor and
the underserved
okay oh we're gonna have to wrap up wrap
up this panel Deborah any fun words that
you want
I just want that until we fix this
disgraceful situation where we have
insurance companies and pharmaceutical
companies dictating to us how we
practice and how we deliver health care
we're not going to fix this situation we
need to get in in order to get primary
care providers back into the system we
have to let people practice and we have
to give them an environment that they
can actually practice in and until we do
this until we provide a better system
that allows us to take care of our
patients it's it's not going to work
okay
and with that let me thank this panel
guys great job thank you very much
okay Anna Anna is now going to introduce
the next segment Anna yes hi everyone
i'm ana kasparian from the young turks
for those of you who are watching online
and just tuning in we are having an
incredibly important discussion about
Medicare for all in a single-payer
system here in the United States and we
just had a conversation about the crisis
of health care in the u.s. what it's
like to be a doctor dealing with health
insurance companies private insurers and
what it's like to be an American who is
uninsured and can't afford the care that
he or she needs now in the second
segment of this townhall we will focus
on the economic questions that arise
when it comes to health care there is a
lot of fear-mongering out there you will
have individuals who will look at this
proposal by senator Sanders and they'll
say that doctors won't be compensated
fairly or that it's gonna cost the
United States one point four trillion
dollars a year in order to have a
Medicare for All system but what is the
reality
what will it really cost Americans what
will it take for doctors to agree to
this type of system these are all the
questions that we will dive into in this
next segment so stay tuned
this is what we business
who was that young guy on um we've got a
panel now or this discussion aspect of
our healthcare system that does not get
enough attention and that is what does
it mean when we spend ten thousand
dollars per person on health care what
does that mean to the business community
what does it mean for the overall
economy what does it mean for
international competitiveness when we're
spending so much more than other
countries that guarantee health care to
all people we've got a great panel or to
discuss some of these issues let's start
with Richard Master Richard is the
founder and CEO of MCs industries in
eastern Pennsylvania and this is a
company which does about 200 million
dollars a year in business and for a
number of years now he has been very
active in the fight for single-payer
Richard you were a business guy why is
single-payer sensible to you into the
business community senator about five
years ago after many many years ten
years of volatility in cost and demands
from insurance companies annually for
increase in premiums I realized that
this was something that I had to get
involved in as a patriotic American
our company employs 180 people in in
Pennsylvania and throughout the United
States our health care bill is 2.8
million dollars a year it cost $27,000
to insure an employee with a family
that's $13 an hour $13.50 an hour which
is if you put this into context it is
about as much as one third of the
population can't make in a year so this
is an outrageous cost we're beyond the
tipping point at this point we have
really got to do something to control
costs now we look at the Medicare for
all solution right now we are spending
about 18% of payroll for health care
cost for health insurance we look at
Medicare the model for Medicare for all
it's 10% we could be saving tremendous
amounts of money and we would be
relieving our employees of the anxiety
of not maybe not being able to pay their
deductibles and co-pays as an employer
of a couple hundred people how many
people do you have 180 180 people what
would it mean to you to know that every
one of your employees had good quality
health care it's not an issue that you
have to spend half your life worrying
about it it would mean so much to the
spirit of our organization we're a
caring company we provide scholarships
for our employees to go to the Community
College and other colleges where where
we and and to their children and we see
day after day employees that are
threatened with bankruptcy now what
we've have done we've we've had
insurance policies and then we have a
secondary insurance policies that takes
care of the deductible so that our
employees don't have that anxiety but
that's the reason for the massive
expense the $27,000 a year that's
approximately the cost for average cost
across the country for a family of four
in this country are you finding more and
more people in the business community
going beyond ideology and understanding
that Medicare for all would be a good
policy for them from a business
perspective
yes we're seeing that we started an
organization called the business
initiative for health policy and we're
getting substantial support for that we
started another organization called
business leaders transforming health
care in California we have 300 members
business members for the Business
Alliance for healthy California we have
other memberships 200-300 members across
the United States New York is starting
an organization Ohio is starting an
organization yes there is momentum okay
let me jump to a gen chemic a Gen you
and your husband are co-founded a
brewery Alchemist Brewer you have about
50 some-odd employee is what does what
does this current health care system
mean to you as a small medium-sized
business person hold on my clothes team
a yep
we provide health insurance to all 50 of
our employees full health insurance for
employees their children we cover half
for spouses my husband and I do this for
three reasons the main reason is because
we believe everyone should have access
to quality health care simple the second
reason
the second reason is it's just a plain
good business decision when our
employees are healthy and when our
employees families are healthy our
business does better morale is up and
productivity goes up and the third
reason and this is really important is
we can afford it and I say that because
it took us eight years of business
before we were able to afford it we
spend $300,000 a year now on health
insurance and our employees don't have
the best health insurance we have what
is considered a great plan it's a silver
plan but the deductibles are high the
co-pays are high in the out-of-pocket
expenses are high so we spend all of
this money and our employees still don't
have the stability they need and they
still don't visit the doctor when they
need to Jen what would it mean you
running a business in a in a competitive
industry if all of your employees had
health care as a right and you could
worry about making the best beer in the
country rather than providing health
care it would be great for our our
business because again our employees
would go to the doctor and get the
medicine they need and get the treatment
they need but it would also level the
playing field for all businesses
especially small businesses Vermont like
a lot of states in this country are
really small business states ninety
percent of the businesses in the state
of Vermont have twenty or less employees
and it seems to me you have you're
trying to do the right thing from a
moral perspective but if you're
competing against somebody who has a
different point of view am I mistaken
that you're in an economic disadvantage
absolutely absolutely and it's harder to
compete with recruitment and retainment
yeah it would level the playing field
for all businesses and then I would also
add that while there are a lot of
employers that can't afford insurance
there are a lot that can and simply
don't and so when we're covering 50% of
those spouses we're covering bigger
employers that just are not willing to
chance an interesting point
our next guest needs no introduction to
some people at least dr. Don Berwick
I was trained as a pediatrician and
served in the Obama administration is
the director for Medicare and Medicaid
Services the head of CMS Don let me ask
you start off with a simple question
you ran Medicare you ran Medicaid for
the United States of America my
understanding is that the administrative
costs for Medicare are somewhere between
one and two percent administrative costs
for private insurance vary eleven to
fifteen eighteen percent why is Medicare
so much more cost-effective than private
insurance because the only thing we're
trying to do is stand up for the
Medicare beneficiary no billboards no
high salaries no no their the the
complexity of the health of the system
just isn't there it's it's simple I
spent the bulk of my career I'm a
pediatrician but most of my career has
been spent trying to figure out ways to
improve quality and lower cost and
health care all over the world not just
the US and what we got here is insane
it's not a medical term you know we are
like you said double the next most
expensive country our life expectancies
31st in the world are infant mortalities
38th in the world we have a
underperforming system at extremely high
cost and this you heard from the
business side what that does to business
what it doesn't a public side you know
better than me senator but in my state
Massachusetts every line item in the
state budget has gone down steadily in
two decades we parks and recreations
down 50% and education is down with 20%
you name it at law enforcement down 20
go scoop up with more and more money to
escalating health 52% increase in health
care costs in the same interval from
2000 to 2018 so this is confiscation
this is health care taking money from
businesses that need it labor that needs
it and public services that need it and
it's wrong all right let me ask you this
you ran Medicare for the Obama
administration Medicare is in fact the
most popular health
trends program in the country is there
any reason in your judgment why we
should not expand Medicare which now
covers people 65 and older every man
woman and child in this country no
there's no reason it just will yeah
running Medicare Irene anybody
communicate for all Iran Medicare for
Medicare but it's a it's a privilege you
get to go to work in the morning there
are fifty million Medicare beneficiaries
60 million are 70 million in Medicaid
and you figure out what they need and it
just makes sense well we need
transparency we kept transparency we can
find out the prices we have any
prevention we shifted money to
prevention before and since the
Affordable Care Act
you need chronic disease care you need a
nutrition program Medicare can do it
when I get a report from the inspector
general's saying there were over
sedating people in nursing homes the
next day I was on the phone with the
nursing homes and the geriatricians said
you stop it or we'll stop it there's a
you can stand up for people why wouldn't
we do that for all Americans not just
people over 65 okay well let's jump to a
video question
thank you very much handy for that
question as a recipient of 30-second ads
that raised that issue let me respond
here's what goes on when you watch TV
what people will say and I had this
thrown with me all of the time during my
presidential campaign Sanders is trying
to raise taxes well it is true that many
people many people not all will pay more
in taxes but if I told you today that
instead of paying $10,000 a year or
$15,000 a year for private insurance you
would have to pay fine
or $7,000 more for comprehensive health
care for your whole family what most
Americans would say is where can I sign
up
so my Republican my Republican
colleagues think it is somehow godly to
be paying incredibly large amounts of
money to insurance companies that's good
that's wonderful but somehow it is
terrible to be paying somewhat more in
taxes bottom line is that when we spend
twice as much per capita on health care
is any other nation we could
substantially lower the cost of health
care in America which drives down the
course per capita which means that we
are spending less right now we have the
absurd situation where in the last five
years the largest I'm sorry in last year
the largest five pharmaceutical
companies in America made fifty billion
dollars in profit 50 billion dollars in
profit at a time when millions of
Americans cannot afford the health
insurance that they desperately need and
cannot afford the medicine that they
need so the issue is whether or not we
join every other country on earth and
talk about a national health care system
where we continue our dysfunctional
system now I should have ranted for that
long but let me throw it back to our
distinguished panel Richard Michael Oba
closely the United States is the only
country in the industrialized world that
relies on private for-profit insurance
companies to finance a substantial part
of its health care system we spend 1.1
trillion dollars a year in this country
for private insurer
200 billion of that goes for
administration sales and marketing
expense and overhead and profit if that
money were devoted to Medicare it would
be in the 20 to 30 million billion
dollars incremental II it's it's an
absurdity and the reason we do it is
because the insurance companies and the
pharmaceutical companies spend in Norman
it amounts of money on lobbying Congress
on public relations campaigns on
corrupting our media so that we don't
get the information that we really need
to make an intelligent decision as a
population Don did you want to add
something what you said well I I just
think about the future we could have if
we really could organize care on behalf
of people in communities really move the
the money around to where it's really
needed really be transparent about
prices and about where the money is
flowing and be accountable we could have
a better system I think it would cost
less I think will cause substantially
less but even it will cost the same
which I don't think it would it would
perform better we'd finally have a
system that's responsive Medicare you
can find out what's going on you can't
find out what's going on in this
incredibly complex system that's that's
it's built for built for opacity this is
an accountability issue to me which is
if we have Medicare for all finally the
system would work for the people and and
and and it demands transparency would it
be simple no lots of problems to solve
what will you solving them in daylight
and and that's what intrigues me about
the possibility here let me pick up on a
point let me pick up on on a point that
Richard just made because really what
we're talking about is not primarily a
health care issue it is a political
issue that's really what it is since
1998 in the last 20 years the
pharmaceutical industry alone has
spent over three point six billion
dollars in lobbying not to mention
hundreds of millions of dollars in
campaign contributions they have an
endless amount of money and they use
that money to maintain a system which
weakly in the world allows them to raise
prices anytime they want to any level
they want they have been able to keep
Medicare from negotiating prices with
the drug companies we're the only major
country that does not sit down and
negotiate prices Veterans Administration
does but in general we don't Medicare
does not we are not allowed to re-import
into this country lower course priced
prescription drugs from Canada or other
countries and we pay by far the highest
prices in the world for our medicine so
I think when you look at the crisis that
we're paying it is not a debate over
health care it is very difficult to
defend a system in which 30 million
people have zero health insurance even
more are underinsured our health care
outcomes are not particularly good a
life expectancy not particularly high
and for all of that we spend twice as
much as any other country hard to defend
that but what goes on here what goes on
here is lobbyists all over this place
campaign contributions in the hundreds
of millions of dollars which takes us
that the issue of campaign finance
reform etc etc but
okay.i I think we've got a question
right here from the audience yes very
quickly I want to give some context for
the people here in the audience and also
the people watching on the livestream
the video questions that you're seeing
were sourced from Facebook Twitter
YouTube comments we got hundreds of
comments of people wanting to ask all of
you and the senator questions which just
shows the level of public interest in
this topic
and we also have another great question
from our audience here Michael Mashhad
has a question for you all Thank You
senator Sanders and the panel senator
Sanders I want to say that your advocacy
for the middle class is the only reason
I find myself in Washington DC today and
able to ask you this why thank you very
much so I've worked for several
corporate employers over the course of
my adult life and I found that they
prefer hiring part-time employees rather
than taking on full-time workers where
there was one full-time position bill
staff maybe one part-time maybe two if
you're lucky and they'll schedule the
part-timers including myself right up to
that full-time threshold within a half
an hour of it just so that they can
avoid providing full medical coverage
because of this I went ten years without
access to affordable health care until
the Affordable Care Act that was the
first healthcare I have known as an
adult so my question is what can be done
to address this kind of exploitation of
workers by employers who could easily
afford extending coverage especially in
states where health care exchanges offer
very few choices like my home state of
Arizona thank you thank you Michael
thank you a great question look thank
you for that question Michael a simple
issue very simple issue it's a moral
issue it's an economic issue it's a
political issue do we believe as a
people that health care is a right or is
it a
privileged I believe that it is a right
of every man woman and child in this
country and so do so do most of the
American people but because of the
dysfunctional system that we have we run
into absurd situations like you
described Michael and let me give you an
example of how crazy order quote Donna
via how insane this situation is you've
got a company like Walmart Walmart is
owned by the Walton family which is the
wealthiest family in our country they're
the wealthiest family in America but
they pay wages that are so low that many
of their employees end up on Medicaid
which you pay for so on behalf of the
Walton family I want to thank the
working families of this country for
subsidizing them they're very grateful
to you but the point is that's one
situation you described another
situation and that is people working
part-time so that the employer can avoid
providing the benefits that that
employee would otherwise be entitled how
crazy is that so what we have ultimately
got to do it seems to me is two very
simple things number one as a nation do
we say that we join every other major
country on earth in recognizing that
whether you work full-time or part-time
whether you're a single mom whether
you're 90 years of age health care is a
right not a privilege and once once you
make that determination then the next
question in which we're discussing now
is what is the most cost effective way
to do it and I think all of the evidence
suggests that a medicare-for-all
single-payer system is that way now what
we have going in America today is we
have if you like an example
of what a good system is we don't have
to invent Medicare we have it and as I
mentioned earlier it is a popular
effective program unfortunately and only
is applicable to people 65 or older so
the simple answer is Michael that
whether you work part time or whatever
Medicare should be available to all of
us and the legislation that I've
introduced along with 16 co-sponsors
here in the Senate would do just that
all right let me throw it out to the
panel
Michael raises the absurdity of
employers intentionally finding ways to
avoid providing health care wants the
comment on that there's the system is
full of incentives that really don't
make sense we have employees at MCS that
are 50 60 years old and the insurance
companies are asking us every year
renewal time well you have an aging
workforce what are you doing about it
well what is the are they suggesting you
should buy your year older workers
they're not but the incentive is for us
to move our older workers out through
through bonuses through through various
ways of retirement which becomes very
expensive and also it it is a waste of
human capital I mean what a gross
injustice somebody is working working
well at 60 why shouldn't the person
continue to work here's another
incentive the insurance companies make
more money as healthcare costs rise at
the same time they're supposed to be
representing us senator in negotiating
reimbursement rates effectively for our
benefit how that's a serious conflict of
interest and we know that there are we
call it crony capitalism we know that
there are deals being cut
throughout the system between insurance
sure's and hospitals okay you raise your
price a little bit here you cover me
over there and the ratepayers will pay
that is that's the way the system is
working Jen what's your experience we
experienced the same thing as I said
before we have several employees whose
spouses don't get insurance from their
employers and we need everyone in the
pool we need everyone to pitch in
everyone needs healthcare but I just
want to say we don't just want our
employees to have health care we want
and we need everyone in this country to
have health care if we are going to
seriously have economic progress in this
country without it it's just not
possible
come on if you could jump in and respond
but also we haven't gotten very far into
the question of international
competitiveness so if you're an American
company competing against the company
cannot accompany Europe and their health
care costs are all covered by the
government aren't you - aren't we -
disadvantage are in our companies at a
disadvantage
Richard dawn Jen well certainly Warren
Buffett what of our most profound and
successful business leaders has
reflected on this and his his statement
several months ago at a Berkshire
Hathaway meeting was very profound
he said that health care is the tapeworm
in the belly of American competitiveness
and it's true
it's very true if we're spending ten
thousand dollars a person and another
country is spending five thousand
dollars a person we're at a serious
disadvantage we're going in the wrong
direction right Don first the sames turn
the public side it hurts
American public integrity the the
ability to invest in housing and
transporting the things that make us the
country we want to be can hit other
countries if the money is all going over
to health care I just want to count mr.
Michaux story the the you know all I
could reflect on when I when I was the
head of Medicare I went all over the
country visiting you know senators for
the aging and populations of Medicare
beneficiaries the one question that was
never in the room never was do I have
coverage they do they know it we walk in
and the platform's completely different
we could do that for everybody and the
behaviors of the insurance companies and
the drug companies and all look they're
playing the game according to the way
the rules are written now and as we
don't change the rules we're gonna get
the same game we have to change the
rules Medicare for all is a fundamental
change in the in the social contract of
America and it would change behaviors
because it would be the new rules let me
let me toss out a question and tell me
what you think about this my guess is
there are millions of American workers
who are currently at jobs that they
don't particularly enjoy because they
get decent health care I remember some
years ago it was an article in the paper
about some guy in his 50s who had been
in the military went back into the
military and somebody said why are you
going into the military at the age of 55
or whatever it was he said well my wife
has breast cancer and that's the only
way that I can get treatment for her how
many people do you think are eight jobs
they really are not happy with but have
decent insurance what would it mean for
the economy if people could say you know
what I don't have to slave this job I
could go someplace else like it's not a
small business and I'm gonna have good
quality health care is that a factor
that we should be thinking about
absolutely small business is the
economic engine of our communities we
know that and it's small businesses
aren't able to go out and startup
because they can't compete with
recruitment and retainment or young
entrepreneurs aren't inspired to go out
and start their business because of lack
of health care we're really not doing
the best we can we really need health
care to move our economy forward right
the other thing to remember is the only
source of the money is labor I mean
whether it's goes through taxes or the
employers contribution or the
out-of-pocket expenditures it's always
coming from the worker everything is
coming from the worker so when we say
these costs are high we mean American
public American worker you deserve to
get more money you deserve to have the
money in your pocket or better or better
used
you know senator we haven't discussed
the phenomenon of flat wages you've just
talked about job lock flat wages if you
look at $13.50 an hour and if that's
going up 10 percent a year that's for
that employee it's a dollar thirty cents
next year more than it is this year if
his premium share is 25 percent or 20
percent as it is in most cases most
cases his cost-of-living increase is not
going to cover the increase in premium
right and that means flat wages or even
negative wages while the employer is
experiencing a 5 to 7 percent increase
in the cost this is economically
unsustainable we have got to do
something about it well I think what we
have got to do about it is the start
thinking big not small and just ask
yourself this is not a radical idea the
point I want to make over and over and
over again what we are talking about
exists in virtually every major country
on earth think about a nation where you
could start a small business and not
worry about having to provide health
insurance to your workers thinking about
think about a young person who has a
dream but what kind of business you want
to start and you don't have to worry
about whether or not your family is
going to have health insurance this is
not a radical idea it exists all over
the country and it's time for us to get
off the dime here and move forward
enjoying other countries for a
medicare-for-all single-payer system so
panel thank you very much great job
animal Thank You senator Sanders thank
you to the panel for those of you who
are just tuning in online I'm Ana
Kasparian with the Young Turks and we
are having a town-hall disk town hall
discussion on Medicare for all a
proposal that senator Sanders has
championed and is now digging deep into
with health care professionals we've
talked about the crisis of health care
in America we've talked about what the
economic impact of a medicare-for-all
system would have and now we are going
to discuss what it's like in other
countries that have a single-payer
system now how many of you have heard
politicians say things like health care
in Canada is terrible they all hate it
they all hate it right how many of you
actually hear Canadians say that well
you're very lucky tonight because we are
gonna have health care professionals who
have some insight into what a
single-payer system is like in other
countries and we will take questions not
only from the audience but we have
questions that the audience members from
the young turks now this and attention
put together for this event so without
further ado let's take it away
do you have a right with the police
escort me away and force me to take care
to do whatever evening is appropriate to
a system and those countries health care
for people
you know one of the things and I know
this will shock all of you one of the
things that we see a lot of is this
honesty in politics I know you're all
shocked to hear that but it is true and
one of the ugly aspects of that
dishonesty is how health care systems
around the world all of which have
problems no althe care system in the
world does not have its share of
problems but the lies that occur here
about health care systems around the
world are unbelievable I was in the UK
during the debate of the Affordable Care
Act and I talked to conservative
conservative members of parliament who
are outraged about the lies that they
were hearing about the British health
care system and its symbol of with
regard to Canada so we're delighted to
have a panel here to give us maybe a
little bit of a glimpse as to what's
going on around the rest of the world
and let's begin with dr. Daniel raza who
is the assistant professor and physician
at the University of Toronto doctor has
anyone beaten down your doors in the
middle of the night lately and forced
you to go to work I couldn't believe my
ears when I when I heard that clip from
yeah you know I think what the American
people need to know about health care in
Canada is that access to care it's not
based on your ability to pay and it's
not based on your bank account balance
it's based on your medical need and the
way that we operationalize that
principle is through a comprehensive
single-payer insurance plan for
physician in hospital services and it's
a plan that has no co-pays I want to say
that again somebody walks into your
office how much do they have to pay so
I'm a primary care physician if when a
patient comes to see me they check in at
our reception they show our receptionist
their health care card which is their
card for our single-payer plan I call
them in I see them for what
bring them in and check up on their
diabetes or prenatal care and then they
go they go home there are no co-pays
when they check in and when they go home
they don't have to worry about
deductibles or complicated insurance
forms in fact medical bankruptcies are
unheard of in Canada because we have
this comprehensive single-payer plan so
family has a baby no cost no cost
somebody is diagnosed with cancer no
cost he might have to pay for parking
might up the paper
but everybody from Canada is running
across the border to get care in the
United States true there are retired
Canadians who will spend you know
Canadian winters vacationing in Florida
and actually that's most of the time
where Canadians are accessing US care
you know besides this it happens so
uncommon Li and so rarely that it's
difficult to measure and actually the
best research paper that's looked into
this problem it's titled phantoms in the
snow all right let's go for a moment to
let's jump to dr. Natale Kikaider
is that close to being right and dr.
Kirk odd comes from a country which has
recently received a lot of attention
she's from Norway but I don't want to
get president Trump excited she does not
plan to move to the United States I
don't think dr. Kirk odd tell us about
the Norwegian healthcare system
president what I should say is that the
Norwegian Health Service is based on the
fundamental premise that all residents
in Norway should have access to
affordable high quality care and that's
irrespective of who you are what you
earn and where you live in our country
the other thing I could say I should say
is that there is cross-party support for
universal health care coverage no
politician worth their salt in Norway
would dream of taking that away so
somebody decided to run for Parliament
and said we're gonna junk our system in
Norway or in Canada and we're going to
go to the American healthcare system
where that person get many votes all
right this is an important point to make
because I think in Canada for a number
of years you had a prime minister who
was pretty conservative guy right listen
you know liberal wasn't progressive
wasn't social democratic conservative
does anybody talk about
the Canadian healthcare system and
moving to an American system no it's the
same thing in Canada's cross-party
support no one the Canadian healthcare
system is held up to such high esteem
that a few years ago when one of our
national TV networks held a poll on the
greatest Canadian the person who won was
a fellow named Tommy Douglas who was
actually the founder of single-payer
health care in Canada and I also just
want to add you know it's not just out
of altruism single-payer health care is
much more cost-effective than the system
here in the US and that's true
regardless how of how you measure it so
for example in the u.s. America spent
seventeen percent of its gross domestic
product on health care in Canada it's
ten percent if you look at it you know
per person or per capita spending in the
u.s. it's around ninety hundred dollars
and in Canada it's 46 hundred dollars
and it's much less bureaucratic than it
is here for both patients and providers
well that raises an issue let me go to
doctor caught again you're a practicing
physician you heard perhaps earlier some
of the concerns that American medical
professionals have in spending half
their life arguing with the insurance
companies yeah it's not a problem that
exists in Norway in Norway there are no
I mean I think predictability for both
providers and patients is a great
benefit of a single-payer system
patients know where they have to go to
in terms of accessing care everyone has
a GP that is their first point of
contact into the health can they choose
any doctor they want they can so you are
often assigned to a GP that's near you
but if you don't like your GP you're
well within your rights to to move and
choice is a fundamental tenet of the
Norwegian health system so if you're
referred by your GP to a specialist then
you have a right to choose where your
referral is sent and where your
treatment should you so near need it
takes place so having a single-payer
system doesn't mean that
you have an inflexible system where the
patient's choice or preferences isn't
taken into account okay
Jill you are not a physician right
absolutely not you just the plain old
American who spent some years in France
yes talk a little bit about your
experience in France and maybe contrast
that with what you're going through
right now in the United States yeah so I
moved to France when I was 22 years old
I was working there and as a legal
resident in France I was automatically
covered under their national health care
system the way it was paid for was the
same way we pay for Social Security and
Medicare here in the u.s. it was
deducted from my monthly paycheck then I
went back to school the year I was a
student in France I paid a total of a
little more than 200 euros for an entire
years worth of coverage and then I had a
brief period of unemployment and I
remained covered so no matter what my
status was as a legal citizen I was
guaranteed care in France I recently
moved back to the US two months ago and
I had to go about purchasing insurance
through the Obamacare health care
exchanges and I think as a patient once
we've talked a lot about the cost and
what I've noticed is that there's you
know a financial cost but there's also a
high emotional cost in the American
system I spent many frantic hours
consulting documentation you know
bombarded by the jargon of co-pays
deductibles premiums and your health is
extremely important you don't want to do
to make any choice that puts your health
at risk but at the same time it's very
difficult to understand this system so
when I came back to the US I eventually
made the choice to go with a
catastrophic health care plan because I
am young and in pretty good health so
what I pay for that is a little bit more
than $100 a month in premiums however I
have a seven thousand dollar deductible
that I have to meet before any of my
care would be covered so it's almost
like not really being insured because I
would have to front those cost and I did
have a kind of a sad ironic chuckle to
myself when I realized that what I pay
for one month in a premium here was
equivalent to what I paid for nearly six
months of coverage when I was a stew
in France and when I was in France
everything was affordable and most of my
costs were reimbursed Jill you raise the
issue which we don't talk about enough
about the emotional cost associated with
health care about the millions of people
today who are scared to death if they
get ill what it will mean to their
families the possibility of bankruptcy
now for our Canadian and Norwegian
friends tell me what it means in your
countries that every person in that
country I mean does not have to worry
about they gotta worry about staying
well but they don't have to worry about
the financial cost associated with
illness it's bad enough when you get a
diagnosis that's not good you got to
focus on that in this country you got to
focus on that then you got to focus
about how you're gonna pay the bill that
when it meets the a family what does
that mean I agree I think in Norway we
believe that if you are sick or you
think you're being sick that in of
itself is stressful enough the health
system should not be as you said
contributing to furthering that stress
in Norway some of the things you don't
have to worry about when you're trying
to access health care obviously we've
talked about catastrophic costs you
don't have to worry about that we do
have co-pays but there is a ceiling on
those co-pays every year so once you
reap that reach that ceiling of about
$300 care is free for the rest of the
year you don't have to worry about the
quality your copay is is $300 no well
the copay varies the copay only applies
to outpatient services and some
investigations and drugs if you're
acutely unwell admitted to hospital need
inpatient care that's free but once you
once if the total of your co-pays in the
space of a year reaches $300 after that
all care is free for the rest of that
year so people don't have to worry about
the cost of care what I'd like to say is
they don't have to worry about the
quality of care because often there's an
idea that
publicly sponsored healthcare is somehow
second-rate healthcare we spend a little
more on health care per capita than
Canada we spend about two thirds of what
the u.s. spends per capita but we have
better health outcomes
let me ask us I mean you know there are
some people some critics of single-payer
will say okay it's true they spend less
in Canada they spend less in Norway it's
true the people all people are covered
anybody can walk into the doctor's
office and have to worry about money
that's fine but the quality is not as
good as it is in the United States
that's what some would argue but your
response you know III don't need to
offer my opinion on this because the
evidence actually bores this out you
know there's lots of different
ingredients that go into living a long
and healthy life but of course access to
health care is one of them in Canada our
life expectancy is about 82 years which
is three years longer than it is in the
US we have lower rates of diabetes lower
rates of chronic kidney disease better
maternal care and higher cancer survival
rates so it's it's you know it's not
true that having a single-payer system
means you're going to have a low quality
system in fact we heard it from dr.
Berwick earlier in his experience with
Medicaid when you have a single-payer
system it's easier to also collect data
to understand where the pain points are
in your system and then actually
intervene to try and make things better
dr. kanta how is the what's the quality
of the Norwegian good we're up there
with the best and any comparative health
care survey will show you this the
Commonwealth Fund publishes a report
every year where the Norwegian health
system performs extremely well and far
better than the u.s. system and Canada
as physicians I just had to get that in
there as physicians what does it mean
that when you consider the therapies
that you need for your patients that you
don't have to worry about the financial
capability of those patients to pay does
that make a difference of course it does
at the end of the day the types of
therapies that you receive should be
based on your medical need and not on
your willingness to pay I want to concur
to that and actually I you know I I'm
very proud as a Canadian physician to be
working in a single-payer system but I
also don't want to you know paint too
rosy of a picture we're struggling with
healthcare challenges as well you know
our single-payer plan covers things like
hospital and physician care but one of
the things it doesn't cover yet is
outpatient prescription drugs and
actually I'm part of this organization
called Canadian doctors for Medicare in
Canada are campaigning to expand or
single-payer plan to include things like
prescription drugs and actually that's
one of the reasons why the Norwegian
system performs better than ours because
outpatient prescription drugs are
included in their plan and they're not
yet in the Canadian single-payer plan is
that a free a patient the prescription
drugs part of the copay system drugs on
our national formulary you'll pay about
40% of the cost as a patient but as I
said once you reach a threshold you they
will be free okay I think we have a
video question let's do it okay great
question Amanda short to the point good
question in the United States we pay the
highest prices in the world for
prescription drugs a number of years ago
when I was in the house I took people
from st. Albans Vermont across the
Canadian border to buy medicine that was
far far cheaper in Montreal than it was
in Vermont why is it tell me about the
cost now actually Canada is the second
highest prices in the world I think but
stop with Norway why is prescription
drugs less expensive in Norway then we
go to Canada what do you guys do to
raise here is that as a single payer you
represent the entire market that gives
you a lot of purchasing power and
to negotiate down prices with drunk
companies so the key word there is
negotiate all right so the drug
companies in Norway cannot charge any
price they want that's a negative she's
shaking her head all right Canada so you
know we have this government agency
called the patent medicine review board
and they set the price for new drugs
that come on the market and the way they
do it is they take the average of seven
other industrialized countries that are
comparable to Canada and they use that
the price of this new drug the average
of it in these seven countries to set
the maximum that that drug company can
charge for that medication in Canada so
that's how we set set the ceiling but
you know as I mentioned before this is
actually something that we need to do
better in Canada prescription drugs are
one of the things that aren't covered by
our our single-payer plan and actually
we've identified through rigorous
research that the best way to bring down
costs are to bring it under single-payer
to do things like Norway and what other
countries like New Zealand and the UK do
bulk-buy
and then make sure that drug
manufacturers are bidding against each
other to give us the most value for our
money and then also pay for medications
that work use science and evidence-based
medicine to decide what medications are
worth paying for and which ones are you
know on the market because there's a new
marketing gimmick or there's some you
know new trick on an old drug that the
drug companies have put on to try and
pad their profit margins okay before we
get to our audience questioner let us be
honest and acknowledge that every
country in the world has its share of
problems all right what are the major
problems that exist in the Canadian
system right now so identified wine I
think prescription drugs you know the
other thing that you know we're very
good at in Canada is we're very good at
triage so when a patient is sick they
get care immediately and it's not a
matter of waiting no weeks or or months
it's a matter of waiting hours or days
for the sickest patients but one thing
that is true is we need to get better at
elective weights so things like you know
hip and knee replacements things like
cataract surgeries but because we have a
single-payer system because we're able
to collect the data when we tackle these
problems we're able to use it in a
data-driven way and that's actually the
that's the approach that we're taking
right now to drive down these wait lists
for non urgent medical issues dr. Claude
what are the weaknesses in the Norwegian
system the weakness that I don't think
has anything to do with the fact that we
have single-payer system and that is
care coordination in Norway we have
three levels of government we have the
Parliament the national level we have
the county level and we have the
municipal level and each of these or at
least the national level and the county
level all both have responsibilities for
healthcare so this contributes to a
fragmented landscape that doesn't have
anything to do with the fact that we're
a single-payer system we do have some
challenges around elective wait times
but they're not spectacular and there
was a lot of political focus on this in
encouraging how do we reduce bottlenecks
how do we use information to improve the
quality of our care processes to drive
down times the other thing I'll say is
about choice that people are also free
to seek care at an institution with
lower wait times which allows patients
to take charge of their condition okay
let's go to our question I first shift
from now this here again I just wanted
to say I appreciate you addressing wait
time specifically because I know that
that is something that we hear from our
audience and people all the time as
being a major issue in other countries
and I know grace will follow up on that
but I also want to reiterate for
everybody that this is not the end of
the conversation the conversation will
continue please reach out to us after
the town hall and on social media we
want to keep hearing your questions and
talking to you guys about this issue but
I'll hand it over to grace hi so
countries like England and Canada have
already shown successful free health
care programs why does her government
not learn and try to build programs like
that you know I am thank you for that
question your name is
my name is grace grace thank you grace
I'm a member of the Senate Committee on
health education labor and pensions
which has jurisdiction obviously over
health issues and I remember that when
we got into the debate over the
Affordable Care Act the issue of looking
at the strengths and weaknesses of other
countries never arose no discussion we
try to force it but can you imagine when
you pay twice as much per capita as any
other country that the first question
you might ask is okay why do they do why
do they do what they do in Norway or
Canada or the UK what are the advantages
the strengths of each one of these
systems what can we learn from them that
question never rose and the reason it
did not arise the reason there are this
is the first Town Meeting ever held on
the Capitol on single payer is as I
mentioned earlier the power of insurance
companies and pharmaceutical industry
these guys have unlimited and I
underline it unlimited sums of money to
spend in the political process in order
to make sure that they make billions and
billions of dollars every single year in
profit that is the answer to your
question pure and simple so we are not
debating health care what we are looking
at is incredible power from entities
that have unlimited resources who want
to continue this dysfunctional system so
long as they can make very very large
profits and allow their CEOs to make in
some cases tens of millions of dollars a
year so thank you very much grace for
that question
well what do the people in your
countries think about the American
system where so many of our people are
uninsured or is Jill indicated a moment
ago underinsured she has what is it
seven thousand dollar deductible I mean
if you told somebody in Norway that
they'd have to spend seven thousand
dollars out of their own pocket before
they can get health care what would they
think you were joking I think probably I
think it is as I said at the start the
value the the set of values that our
health care system is based on is pretty
much reflected throughout the whole of
Norwegian society the idea of making of
being in a situation where people could
be subject to Castro strophic health
care bills is just so far out of the
reach of most Norwegians consciousness
so it's something that it would be
unthinkable in many ways unthinkable
it's the unthinkable it is firmly
ingrained part of our society gentlemen
we don't have to imagine this you know
we are just across the border and we
have friends and family who live right
here in the US you know I just got to DC
yesterday and I'm actually staying with
an aunt who lives just outside of
Washington DC and she drove me to the
auditorium tonight and on the way guess
what we were talking about we were
talking about the struggles that she's
having with choosing a health care
provider you know she wants to change
her doctor but it's not covered by
insurance plan she's gonna have to find
a new plan with new co-pays and
deductibles so as Canadians with friends
and family here in the u.s. we hear it
all the time and you know it's it's a
it's a shock it's a shock to us Jill
yeah so I can I actually asked French
people this because I was really
interested in their perspective last
summer actually my dad who kind of has
insurance the way it's designed to work
in the US his employer helps him pay for
it
he works for a pretty good company up
a company that helps provide insurance
for their employees however in recent
years even good insurance in America has
somehow become worse so when he had to
have emergency surgery last summer he
had to me a pretty big deductible which
was around $6,000 and I told this to my
friends in France and they were like
doesn't he have insurance it was like
she was saying it literally does not
compute
they kind of become like a broken robot
they don't understand what you're saying
to them and so the reaction is one of
utter disbelief they they can't
comprehend a system where most of the
cost whether it's an emotional cost of
financial costs are borne by individuals
and not the entire society in France
when they talk about their system they
always use a French word solely their
which means the Solidarity their system
is based on principles of solidarity
that the weakest person in France must
be guaranteed care because otherwise the
country cannot be strong and functioning
well maybe on that note we can wrap it
up and end let me just pick up on on
Jill's point because that really what it
is that's what it's all about because
the issue that we're discussing tonight
is health care but you don't want other
issues as well how much does it cost to
go to college in no way doesn't cost
anything actually okay all right and in
Canada it's inexpensive but it does I
guess what some provinces is virtually
free er yeah yeah so for example I
actually studied engineering before
medicine and my tuition was about five
thousand dollars a year okay I mean it
really you know and by the way and the
reason we're doing this program tonight
is you don't see this stuff I think Ana
made that point before and could be on
CBS there ain't gonna be on NBC and what
astounds me is that we already have a
pretty good majority of the American
people who believe in universal health
care believe that it is the government's
responsibility to make sure that
everybody has health care is the right
and we've reached that stage with media
not talking about the issue at all so my
strong belief you know is that most
Americans do not know that in virtually
every other country on earth not only is
health care considered a right with
loaded out of pocket or no out of pocket
expenses but the same thing in many
cases applies to higher education what a
childcare so I think the issue maybe we
can conclude on it is what Jill just
said and that is whether we choose to
live in a nation which has massive
levels of income and wealth inequality
where the very very wealthy are doing
phenomenally well while the middle class
is struggling and 40 million people live
in poverty or whether or not we try to
create a government and a society which
works for
of us which understands that all of us
suffer when one child in this country
goes without health care so that is the
issue and that is our struggle and I
absolutely believe that the momentum is
with us nobody believes that we should
be throwing tens of millions of people
off of health insurance what people
believe is that all of us should be
guaranteed health care we have the
momentum but we're not going to win this
fight unless all of us are actively
involved unless we stand up unless we
fight back unless we make sure that
every American recognizes that health
care is a right not a privilege thank
you all very much
the workshop
