in a breaking news story we are learning
that there are other witnesses in the
Brett Kavanaugh case and they want to
provide information to the FBI as part
of their investigation but have had
difficulty doing so as a result they've
reached out to media sources and we're
learning about the material that they
have so Kari Burke him is one of the
people who's trying to get text messages
to FBI investigators and Kari has had a
difficult time doing so but here's what
we know about these text messages so
apparently in the days leading up to
Debora Ramirez's accusations there were
texts indicating that Brett Kavanaugh
was preemptively reaching out to people
he went to school with in Yale
specifically to make sure that he could
get their support as soon as this story
broke and this was the story that The
New Yorker wrote about Ronan Farrow was
one of the writers for that piece now
the text between Burcham and Karen Yaris
savage both Friends of Kavanagh
suggested the nominee was personally
talking with former classmates about
Ramirez a story in advance of The New
Yorker article that made her allegation
public Ramirez was the accuser who
alleged that during a drinking game
Kavanagh took his pants down and then
put his penis in her face the texts also
demonstrate that Kavanagh and Ramirez
were more socially connected than
previously understood and that Ramirez
was uncomfortable around Kavanagh when
they saw each other at a wedding 10
years later so burcham says that one of
the things that Kavanagh was looking for
was a photo featuring Deborah Ramirez
and Cavanaugh and they're both smiling
in the picture it's not just the two of
them apparently this was a photo taken
at a wedding and burcham also says that
she noticed that Deborah Ramirez was
incredibly uncomfortable around him in
fact she says that Ramirez clung to me
she never went near him and she found
that odd anyway the thing that to take
away from this is this is potential
evidence that could help with the FBI
investigation
it appears that it's been very difficult
for witnesses to get that information to
the FBI and that needs to change
I understand that this investigation
will be limited to one week but even so
I mean if you have people who know
Cavanaugh personally and they have some
evidence the FBI needs to reach out to
them and get that evidence from them
yeah I'm not surprised that Cavanaugh is
reaching out to people try to make his
case I don't think that that's overly
shocking or anything and and he's got
every right to try to rally witnesses to
his defense this one seems to have
backfired because it looks like there's
someone saying no no Ramirez was clearly
uncomfortable around Cavanaugh and it's
a small piece of evidence but it's
something and larger piece of evidence
could be that now Debbie Ramirez has
given the names of other people she
believes were at the party where
Cavanaugh did what he did to her
according to her allegations and look
that's why the FBI investigation might
might be dispositive that they might
look at it and go alright guys here are
for example four people who were at that
party at Yale and every one of them says
Cavanaugh didn't do it that either it
didn't happen at all and Debby must be
remembering a different party or a wrong
party or it didn't happen or said that
she was intoxicated she admits to that
very openly almost aggressively so and
it says talks about her lapses and some
of the recollections and a lot of the
witnesses say she is over-the-top honest
right and so they might look at that and
go hey you know what there was a reason
why she was honest because she really
couldn't remember someone or they can
say two or three and the people at the
party say it did happen and it was Brett
Kavanaugh well then I think we're done
with this thing so we'll see but all the
damage control in the world and a photo
of a big wedding where you both happen
to be at the wedding is not going to
overcome those witnesses if they exist
exactly and one other thing I wanted to
add look as more potentially
corroborating evidence starts trickling
in you should pay very close attention
to how Senate
publicans react to it so in this case in
regard to these text messages
a spokesperson for Senate Judiciary
Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said
the following the text from Miss Birkin
don't or do not appear relevant or
contradictory to Judge Cavanaugh's
testimony this appears to be another
last-ditch effort to derail the
nomination with baseless innuendo by
Democrats who have already decided to
vote no these are Cavanaugh's classmates
who have potentially liked relevant
evidence in this investigation why are
you guys so afraid of that it's like
they're desperate desperate to you know
skirt this issue to pretend like you
know he's 100% innocent they didn't want
the investigation to begin with anytime
you have something that could
potentially be corroborating they want
to deny it I don't know it they're just
acting very guilty to me yes so Mitch
McConnell along those lines also
breaking news just now said we will be
voting this week on Kavanagh so I don't
know how he's counting the week of the
FBI investigation I don't know if that
means they were voting on Friday Sunday
etc but basically we got to go we got to
go we got to wrap this thing up right
now
it seems like you're in mid panic about
what the FBI might find out so but
there's only one way to find out and
find out we got to see what the FBI says
and and then we'll react accordingly the
TYT Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TYT content
at TYT dot-com / app
