the Republicans and especially Donald
Trump are trying to paint the shutdown
as the Democrats fault now in order to
do that they came out with a Twitter
handle of course you know this is Trump
it would be weird if you didn't do some
sort of mocking insult right so they
tried to call it the hashtag Schumer
shut down now that's curious because to
the best of my knowledge Chuck Schumer
is not the head of the Senate that's
because the Democrats don't control the
Senate the Republicans do their problems
also control the house and the White
House so how this is a Democratic
shutdown is is unclear but nonetheless
of course politically speaking I
understand the motivation to want to
blame the other side okay so that is
still within the realm of perfectly
normal so far you might disagree with it
but it's normal okay well who's backing
hashtag Schumer shut down because it's
actually fairly popular well certainly
Trump's loyalists are the magda guys all
right they love all that stuff but it
turns out there's somebody else also
backing their hashtag for that let's go
to a hub post report on it of a third
party that did an analysis has ID
Schumer shut down the hashtag GOP
leaders in white house are using to
accuse Democrats of causing the shutdown
on Sunday night became the top trending
hashtag being promoted by Russian BOTS
and trolls on Twitter according to the
Alliance for securing democracy a
project led by former top national
security officials from both parties so
they're tracking the bots in the trolls
and they love Schumer shut down Wow look
at that
there is another Russian funded
operation supporting Donald Trump I'm
going to believe by almost everybody on
the right and also some people on the
left there's no evidence the Russia's
supporting Donald Trump all over social
media I mean almost all that fake news
that ran was to during the election was
in favor of Donald Trump almost all the
Russian propaganda during the election
was in favor of Donald Trump and now
look at this the bots and the trolls are
favoring Donald Trump again wild
coincidence I'm sure what evidence what
evidence it's right in front of you
okay so here's a chart that shows you
different things that the Russian BOTS
and trolls are supporting so shutter
Schumer shut down is now ranked number
one their release the memo is another
hashtag that the right-wing was using
based on some FBI memo and they think
that now it's supporting Hillary Clinton
and we'd have to release the memo and
then arrest everybody involved yeah of
course the Russians would love to arrest
some members of the FBI that are
investigating the Russians and keeping
law and order in America of course
they'd love to destroy our FBI they're
they are helping Donald Trump destroy
our FBI what a wild coincidence again
and you go down the list and it's it
gives you a sense of what what they are
what their marching orders are and the
marching orders is support the right
wing support Donald Trump because the
Republicans have the Russians best
interests in mind
man we live in a topsy-turvy world and
when I see progressives defending this
Russian meddling in our country at large
look guys we heartily disagree that
doesn't mean that you should run
elections based on Russian interference
and it doesn't mean releasing DNC emails
somehow proves anything or that those
emails shouldn't have been covered I
covered okay and they should have been
covered and they were telling okay but
that just because the Democrats are
using an establishment is using it as an
excuse for having lost the election and
that was not the main reason they lost
the election does not mean that the
Russians aren't doing anything they're
doing this let alone all the other
things that have been uncovered I don't
want to go back into the litany of
incredibly public evidence the mountains
of public evidence that connects the
Russians to Trump including his son at
both his sons Eric and Donald Trump jr.
saying yeah of course we're getting
money from the Russians well you know
our golf courses are all funded by the
Russians who Eric trump says they
apparently really really like off and
this meaning of the Seychelles Island
with Eric Prince
member of the divorce family I can go on
and on and on with Russian connections
the trump server in Pennsylvania but
guys open your eyes it doesn't mean it's
determinant of the 2016 election it
doesn't prejudge what mower is going to
conclude but do the Russians support
Donald Trump of course it's right here
and it's public and by the way it's not
that complicated as to why the Democrats
were in favor of sanctions against
Russia which hurt the oligarchs the
oligarchs run Russia so they'd like to
have a friend
friendly Lackey like Trump will give
them whatever they want and if you think
that that's not clear you're not paying
attention and you're purposely being
blind to what's happening here if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network aam /join and once you do you'll
be saying get home like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me Qi tea network.com slash joy
