Senator Tom cotton does not like getting
letters or any type of correspondence
that criticizes him or protests anything
that he's doing so he has decided to
send out cease and desist letters to any
activists that he doesn't like that is
something that was reported by the
Arkansas times and they found that
members of an activist liberal group
known as Ozark indivisible had been
receiving these cease and desist letters
ordering them to stop trying to contact
cotton so the letter actually threatened
them with possible police action the
letter is immediate notification that
all communication must cease and desist
immediately with all offices of US
Senator Tom cotton all other contact
will be deemed harassment and will be
reported to the United States Capitol
Police so huge distinction here
they claimed there's two categories one
is a communication that contains a
threat if you're threatening a United
States Senator or anyone the cops should
come talk to you that is not freedom of
speech that's a violation of the law and
something that people should be
concerned about the other is what they
call repeated communications that are
harassing and vulgar by that standard I
could arrest half the Internet that's
preposterous right and you're a senator
you're supposed to represent these
people you can't say well so the people
that I respect turns out they don't like
me can I get them arrested no that's not
how it's supposed to work in a democracy
and even under that lucid definition
there is no evidence that they was
repeated contact that was a contact that
was vulgar or harassing it was just
repeated contact with people he didn't
agree with and so he's decided that that
should be deemed harassment I'm sorry
but that's not how the law works yeah so
one of his staffers tweeted about this
and from that tweet it was pretty clear
to me that this was not about direct
threats toward the senator it was more
about communication that the senator did
not like so according to John Noonan who
is a staffer for cotton he said that the
tone was threatening no threats were
made but the c-word was invoked okay so
let's go ahead and trample on people's
First Amendment right
because they use words that the senator
is not in favor of the I can't I mean
half our staff could have at least a
quarter the country arrested on that
standard and and we don't believe that
yeah and we're not senators so we're
just I mean a senator is supposed to be
more responsible not less responsive to
the people he represents and you know
they're not real threats because he said
they're not threats but they feel
threatening no feel threatening is not
the same thing as threats because it's
look if you're calling the cops on
people that's really serious especially
if you're a senator the cops are gonna
take that really really seriously some
random dude gets insulted on Twitter he
calls the cops good luck to them cops
aren't gonna care at all right but a
senator comes in with a lot of power and
says it's a threat they're gonna come to
your house I mean that's that could
really really could happen so make sure
it's a threat and don't use that for
like I didn't I felt insulted that's not
a thing it's not that Tom cotton is like
some sort of lovely like huggable guy
and he just intimidated when people use
foul language because he's a good
Christian guy not at all this guy's also
in favor of waterboarding so he wants
people to use American people to use
physical violence against others but
then and someone comes into his office
and calls the stuff the c-word
so that's unacceptable they have to
cease and desist that straight away so
you know where's the standard I mean and
also like what happened to people on the
left being the snowflakes your US
senator you are supposed to represent
your constituents some portion of your
constituents aren't happy with the job
you're doing and they're voicing their
opinion it is your job to respond to
that it is not your job to violate their
First Amendment rights and you know you
squash any and all communication that
they could have with you I mean this is
crazy how are you really that weak like
you're a tough guy when it comes to
waterboarding but you're not so tough
when it comes to communicating with your
own constituents yeah torturing other
people is easy yeah but if you call my
name my feelings okay and last thing
about this look when they got heat for
this the staffer puts out that the tweet
that anti-red you they're gonna put out
the most damaging one they had
it turns out the most damaging one they
had didn't even have a threat in it so
there was actually it appears based on
what they've said no actual threats it
was all things that that insulted them
and this like the see words the worst
one they had but they sent out a bunch
of them so there must have been things
that were way less than that that they
actually were thinking of having the
cops investigating you for and final
piece of irony is cease and desist
letter what are you using lawyers I
thought you guys were against lawyers I
think that's actually it's like I know
you said the last thing Jagan but this
is I think the really scary part of this
issue it's not that this guy is a bit of
a snowflake I mean that's kind of funny
but I think what's really scary is that
he's telling people I'm gonna use the
full force of the law to stop you from
speaking your mind and if he can get
away with it if these letters actually
are successful in intimidating people
into silence or if he does actually come
up to them if they continue to
correspond and he uses the legal system
to stop them that I think is the next
step in this Trump presidency it's a
great point Jade and so that as First
Amendment issues you use your First
Amendment not only to speak out but also
to ask your government to address your
issues right I mean that's part and
parcel the First Amendment's the most
important thing in the First Amendment
and he's saying if you do that again I'm
gonna have you arrested and what is that
that's big government that is this guy
using the might and power of the United
States government to try to intimidate
you into not speaking I was led to
believe that the conservatives cared
about the First Amendment and cared
about the Constitution and didn't like
big government I was led to believe that
if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now tea
why tea network.com slash join get the
whole younger so every day
