it's no secret that Donald Trump is not
a big believer in eating healthy or
exercising but his own personal fitness
habits are now being put upon people in
the United States in the form of
postponing programs that are meant to
keep Americans healthy so to give you an
example in the previous administration
part of former First Lady Michelle
Obama's famous let's move initiative was
to give consumers more information when
choosing what food to buy in stores so
in 2016 she announced an important
change to the nutrition facts panel the
label displayed on most store-bought
food which would for the first time
include added sugar now if you look at
the labels right now for the most part
they don't include information about
added sugars and Michelle Obama fought
to make it you know change that system
to make it available so you can be an
informed consumer now they have decided
the SDA under Trump has decided to
further postpone the implementation of
that policy the deadline initially set
by the FDA was July 26 2018 but Trump's
new FDA Commissioner announced that the
deadline would be extended to 2020 there
were other examples of the government
postponing policies that would have
helped us with more information to keep
us healthy last May the FDA announced
that it was delaying the implementation
date of a long-planned requirement that
restaurants include calorie counts on
menus and also keep in mind that Trump
has yet to appoint a chair co-chairs or
members of the President's Council on
Fitness Sports and nutrition so look we
often talk about me on the show about
not every regulation is right and you
know it's not big government small
government it's just whatever makes
sense so there is one rule in here that
I don't love but I'm you know I'm
probably wrong about it I thought we
shouldn't get rid of smoking in
restaurants that was totally wrong yeah
yeah and I'm not a smoker I just thought
freedom right when I saved millions of
lives my bad but they have a new rule
where yeah the sports stadiums and movie
theaters and
Center they also have to put the
information on and I'm picturing like
the information on the popcorn bucket
I'm like just get off their ass a little
bit right so but overall okay so you
couldn't pick one of those and say yeah
okay I agree with Trump on that if
you're so inclined but overall he's
getting rid of things that we already
know worked so for example at least put
50% whole grain and the breads in the
kids lunches have nonfat milk over 1%
etc now how do we know that it worked
childhood obesity rates have been on the
rise for as long as we've been keeping
track of him until the last decade when
Michelle Obama did this plan now it's
you don't have a hundred percent proof
that it was the plan but she did the
plan and then they went down for the
first time ever this is some proof you
might want to keep going in that
direction and it Trump's like nope nope
I want whatever Obama did it doesn't
matter we're gonna reverse it the
saddest thing is that that kids that are
gonna suffer I'm with you Jake I hate it
when people tell me what to do I don't
want people to tell me that I need a to
sell it or whatever but the thing is
that these regulations aren't even most
of the time telling people what to do
they're just giving you more information
and so Trump is delaying rules that
would just inform citizens on what is in
the food they're eating what we're
giving to our children but he doesn't
want people to know that because it's so
bad that once it's published on the
packaging people might decide not to eat
it and so whenever someone tries to take
away my information I get really angry
yeah it's just it's but this is just
another example of what this political
party is in favor of right in in every
issue the less information the better
right let's dismantle education let's
get rid of this notion of critical
thinking and actually analyzing issues
with nuance it's not something that just
recently emerged it's something that
they've been working on for decades now
dismantling education and critical
thinking is you know right wing 101 and
when it comes to this you're right
they're not forcing anyone to do
anything
they're just providing more information
about the food you're about to consume
you get to make the decision if you want
to eat the high calorie foods
know what Michelle Obama isn't gonna
magically appear and then strangle you
or take your dog out of your hand you
get to eat your hot dog you could have
as many hot dogs as you want right but
it's unfair that for some people like
myself if I want to know what that
information is I don't get to know that
information because the Trump
administration decides ignorant is bliss
okay yeah so good two funny things I've
got this is my favorite story for
tonight because it's a it's so much
about the science and also about
hypocrisy the dr. Jackson or the funny
thing about this story is that whilst
Trump is holding up all this regulation
to stop people from knowing what's in
the food they eat and from eating
healthier Jackson the White House doctor
is going to be working with Trump to get
him talking to a nutritionist to develop
him healthier meals that he don't have
cook himself and also work with him on
an exercise plan so the doctor is
telling Trump you need exercise you need
a better diet but Trump is telling the
public dad don't worry about all that
stuff that's fine you don't need you
don't need health but as we know Trump
might not listen to that because and
this is true he believes that if you
exercise it's like using up your battery
so he thinks that energy is finite that
yeah you have a certain amount of finite
energy and so people who were exerciser
idiots because they'll die quicker can
we allowed to talk about the lies that
are in his health report in the first
place there's four huge lies that were
published about him one was that he
wasn't obese well he's actual height is
six foot two not six foot three it's
less than his driver's license so by
that measurement he is he falls under
the guidelines of being obese they said
he had excellent cardiac health but by
every measure he has heart disease he's
got a measurement of 133 on the calcium
buildup level in his in his coronary
arteries so he has heart disease they
said he has no cognitive issues based on
130 question tests that is only designed
to be assessing for the early signs of
Alzheimer's not an IQ test it's not a a
test of fitness to govern so when they
say he has no cognitive issues they have
literally no information about that and
they said oh he just has great genes and
did they do any sort of genetics testing
not that was included in the report okay
and at an average meal apparently is two
Big Macs to filet-o-fish
and a chocolate malted what you just
watch the video by the young turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
