Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
is calling for a 10:00 p.m. Eastern Time
debate in order to avert a government
shutdown he is hoping that there will be
a vote and there will be some sort of
short-term solution in order to prevent
the shutdown of the government now there
are two different perceptions here
Democrats think that maybe they would
vote in favor of a very short-term
extension of funding so several days in
order to help fund the government while
they continue debating a longer long
term solution however Republicans want a
four week funding extension something
that most Democratic senators are not in
favor of because they want to really
focus on a clean bill in regard to daca
but there are some moderate Democrats
like Heidi Heitkamp joe Manchin that
might vote in favor of the four week
extension that is based on some
speculation in reporting that I'm seeing
now so a couple of things here of course
leave it to the Democrats when you got
him on the ropes and only indicates that
by a margin of 20 points people would
blame the Republicans for the shutdown
over 70 percent are in favor of the
DREAM Act which is what you're fighting
for
and even bigger numbers in favor of
children's health insurance the other
thing you're fighting for when you've
got them cornered what are you gonna do
let him go right because that's what the
Democrats do because they're paid to
lose so that's why I call them corporate
Democrats mansion and hide camp and
those folks that they I mean I know
Trump won their states that's the excuse
they use but reality is they they are
funded not by small donors but by giant
donors and if you notice today I don't
you know it's a rare it's a weird thing
that I noticed but the markets the
government shutdown might happen and
then the markets would you know would go
down significantly if there's a
government shutdown there'd be a lot of
issues nope they didn't move it all in
fact I think I believe they closed up a
little bit you know why they're thinking
we got this man follow these guys that
are bad
pocket they're not gonna shut the
government down they're gonna do as
they're told
we sent our errand boys to take care of
this the rest of it is just Kabuki
theater the people with money to lose of
gambling on the fact that Democrats are
gonna fold so well you know why that's
it because it's like a good magic trick
they planned it ahead of time because
they already paid them to lose earlier
apology and Swearengen running against
Joe Manchin and Democratic primary in
West Virginia uncorrupted go vote
whether it's Paula Jean or anyone else
go find uncorrupted Democrats in
primaries that is way more important
than in the general elections my
uncorrupted no corporate PACs ok get
money out of politics earn all these
candidates justice Democrats that are
running as uncorrupted then you won't
next time the Republicans might be
surprised the markets might be surprised
oh my god what the hell are these guys
doing we didn't give that order wouldn't
it be amazing if your representatives
and Senators took orders from you in a
democracy rather than incredibly rich
and powerful people who paid them off
amazing but right now that's not what we
have so everything will be just fine for
the rich and powerful if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now tea why tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
younger so every day
