it's entirely possible perhaps even
likely that in a few weeks or in a few
months we won't really know or even care
anymore about who was to blame for the
shutdown that might be happening shortly
after we are live right now but you
never know what's actually going to pick
up steam in the media I mean I would
have predicted that finding out that a
president had paid a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars to silence a adult film
star about their affair would have been
big news but it's fast changing world so
we're gonna try to figure out now what
the people think about the impending
potential shutdown so everybody is
lining up on the the Democratic side the
Republican side to try to pitch what
might happen as the fault of the other
side senator patrick leahy said
Republicans control the house they
control the Senate they control the
presidency the government stays open if
they want it to stay open and it shuts
down if they want it to shut down it's
time to stop kicking the can down the
road in time to start negotiating in
good faith and you can find similar
quotes you know from all sides I think
it's kind of a good point that they do
hold all of the reins of government
power and if they could corral their
different factions in a line they could
do whatever the hell they want
thankfully they can't but there's always
a battle over this so let's bring up
this first poll and you're gonna see
what the people think so Trump and the
Republicans in Congress has Democrats
obviously largely think almost 80% think
it's their fault
independents tend to fall in that
direction as well you'll be shocked to
find out that the majority of
Republicans think it's the Democrats
fault although not as much and so
there's a little bit of room for reality
to get involved with people's political
opinions as is so rarely the case
but there's another poll that I found
really interesting I would not have
predicted it went this way for you bring
up this next poll what do people think
is more important avoiding a shutdown or
continuing daca and by a fairly large
margin the majority of Americans say
that avoiding a shutdown is more
important and that it's disappointing
okay so let's break the sound further
cuz that poll will panic every Democrat
in Washington and they're probably in
mid buckle as we speak so first of all
as John pointed out who's gonna be
blamed by a forty eight to twenty eight
overall for the whole country 20 point
margin that's a giant margin they're
gonna blame the Republicans not the
Democrats so Democrats just hold your
knees together for a little longer stand
stand up stand up stiffen the spine okay
these are going to start to shake any
second again something right and
and then independents are critical and
they decided who was to blame for the
previous government shutdowns and and
they are 46:25 even larger 21-point lead
saying that Republicans are at fault
because they control the government it's
fairly obvious
second of all daca is enormous ly
popular seventy to eighty percent
depending on the poll you look
enormously popular so the main thing
that that Trump and the Republicans are
saying is oh the Democrats are holding
us up with unreasonable demands all you
need is one simple question
why is a policy that has let's take the
law remember why is a policy that is has
a seventy percent approval rating for
the whole country an unreasonable demand
why is it policy that if you just put it
up by itself as a bill right now would
pass easily even with Republicans voting
for it why is that an unreasonable
demand so the Democrats have to actually
stick to their guns and say it is a
perfectly reasonable demand why are the
Republicans willing to shut down the
government just to make sure we don't
have a policy that an overwhelming
majority of Americans agree with that's
how it should be framed but you know
Democrats they're good that's basically
my guess as to how it'll go I find it
odd to taunt and belittle someone who's
just a complete psychopath anyway it's
like why are we taught you know Trump
and being like you know having this big
standoff with him I don't think that he
gives a about shutting down the
government he has rallied and campaign
on vitriolic hatred of immigration and
immigrants so I don't get that although
I disagree with you I think that the
Democrats are just using this as a
bargaining chip to simply get Latino
votes I don't think they really care
about immigration again back in Obama's
presidency Latinos forced them to the
DREAM Act forced daca and and the same
things happening now where you had
sit-ins in these senators offices
begging them from dreamers and daca
recipients saying please I mean this is
what has to be done now because our
systems completely bought up that we
actually have to put our bodies in these
offices and say please stop in order to
get anything moved and again these
Democrats who want to claim that Trump
is this
authoritarian who's out of control well
they seem to be lining up right next to
him with war footing on North Korea and
Iran which I find a much more disastrous
potentiality to you know nuclear war and
Democrats seem to be agreeing with them
on that so well okay then let's dive a
little bit more into what the Democrats
actually think so look if you ask me
who's at fault officers you get all my
shots down it's a no-brainer
you both chip and Daka are
overwhelmingly popular and I agree with
a being that it's it's even a false
argument there's no actual disagreement
this is just the Democrats going Oh
golly gee what could we do we had to
improve everything the Republicans
wanted in order to get these two things
which are actually incredibly easy to
get right so but nonetheless okay but
John go ahead before I go too
nonetheless okay one the less I mean one
potential reason so there's there's the
blame if it shuts down but then there's
also how concerned is an individual
about whether it shuts down I mean if
your philosophy or ideology generally
the core of it is governments awful and
I want to kill it shutting down the
government doesn't sound that bad if you
have some ID and we can disagree on the
specifics but some idea that government
actually does some beneficial things and
if you look at the people who would be
hurt during a government shutdown they
tend not to be the Koch brothers then I
can see why they'd be a little bit more
scared I still want them to stand strong
but they could be a little bit more
scared even if you're not worried about
blame so now look there I know that
there are legitimate great progresses
like Jamie Raskin who are concerned
about that and the government workers
that would you know then not have a job
for that period of time and it's there's
plenty of real things veterans so we're
not getting disability benefits there
were real things to be concerned about I
think there were some Democrats who care
a lot about that there's also Democrats
whose main concern is my donors don't
want any instability in the markets that
all my donors are millionaires and they
all have their money in the stock market
if there's a government shutdown the
stock market goes down and then they
kick my ass so Dhaka whatever or
whatever okay I demand to have oxygen in
America
I don't know I got to come up with
something over false the man right okay
they gave me oxygen fine I approve of
everything the Republicans want donors
are you happy the markets are happy
right markets are happy Trump just
tweeted he's not actually gonna give the
oxygen sorry yeah and by the way he has
sucked all the oxygen out of the room so
there is some truth to that
all right now I do like how positive
America has put two camps of Democrats
anyway going to my nonetheless right so
America they're funny fun smart folks
they're not radicals okay they're former
Obama guys you know so they're not that
tough on Democrats if you ask me but
even they're like you're some of you are
considering not fighting for daca at
seventy percent approval rating some
women so they've put it into two camps I
like I like the the camps as they create
it that's why I'm quoting it
what is Fight Club so the Democrats who
are saying yeah of course we gotta at
least get the DREAM Act but God think
otherwise by the way one part of that is
legitimate because we got to fight for
those people were progresses the other
side is otherwise we won't get their
votes in 2018 right all we need the
Latino base identity politics etcetera
so let's keep it real that's part of it
again good people and some cynical
people okay but that's the Fight Club
those are the good guys right then
there's a Waffle House there words I
like it okay
Democrats were like who cares maybe we
don't even need the DREAM Act the
markets the bar right so they have like
all the reasoning is pathetic they say
well I mean we just may be a we just
give Trump a wall or something and we
don't necessarily I mean do we really
need the treatment no it's ok it will
get the DREAM Act later yeah that what's
but wait a minute you'll have lost all
of your leverage why but we don't want
they literally are worried about making
Trump angry they're like but if you make
Trump angry then he might not want to
compromise on the DREAM Act when we give
them funding for the wall oh my god can
I try to reassure some of those Waffle
House Democrats then and if the concern
is that you know the markets would react
negatively I'm
not you know an expert on economics or
anything you would want to listen to me
but let's turn to a genius what
previously said during the last
government shutdown stocks rose
yesterday during the first day of
government shut down markets like being
left alone for a day and he's a genius
so I don't think you need to work well
for House Democrats John I'd like to
view a small correction there
he's a very stable genius let's just
keep it real
shop tea y-t-dot-com I think really
quickly I just wanted to say what about
the TPS for Haitians and el Salvadorians
because we're only talking about
children and of course while they are
the most vulnerable and and the most
sympathetic we should also be fighting
just as hard for the people who've lived
here that are from these other countries
you know granting full amnesty is not
unheard of Reagan did it when he was
leaving so I think that that full
amnesty and nothing less is is my
position and until I see someone in
office fighting for that well yeah
look it's last thing because it's a good
point what we originally said is and the
Waffle House guys say well you know we
just makes it all or nothing and then
Trump's Trump's gonna want to win and
not lose so we're banging him up against
the wall well we knew that you dumbass
checker players right that's why we told
you what over a month ago maybe we said
do ask for three things ask for the
DREAM Act ask for net neutrality asked
for to protect Social Security and
Medicare right doors are all poll above
60 percent so and then by the way they
took chip hostage so okay ask for four
things and then it'll seem like a
compromise when you get two or three of
them but Democrats being the worst
negotiators on purpose in the world go
okay will only ask for one thing oh no
some of us are scared we won't even get
that look if you look either they're
complicit or they're really the the
worst negotiator no negotiator thought
hey you know what I would like more so
that I can negotiate to a midpoint that
never occurred to them the United States
senators they need a stable genius on
their side yeah there's the worst and
then they wonder why are people
frustrated with us if you can't at least
it
ship which just got taken hostage a
couple of months ago it was never in
dispute its enormous ly popular its
children's health
for God's sake right and you can't get
DREAM Act with just 70 to 80 percent
approval and then you give the
Republicans everything else their whole
entire budget you can't do that you are
the worst and then you wonder why people
that want to come out and vote for you
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
