Donald Trump likes to refer to his
mar-a-lago resort in South Florida as
the winter white house but according to
state of Florida safety and health
inspectors probably not the kind of
place that the average American citizen
would want to go recently it was
revealed that a health and safety
inspection in November 2017 revealed at
least 15 health and safety violations
committed at mar-a-lago some of them a
little more serious than others here are
a few of some of the violations that
were noted there first and foremost
there was concrete missing from a
stairwell in part of the
bed-and-breakfast attached to Mara Lago
meaning that there was exposed metal
rebar that could result in very serious
injury and increase the risk of falling
for people again because there was
concrete missing from a damn stairwell
um the the staff in the kitchen was
storing milk at improper temperatures
that promoted bacterial growth cases of
hot dogs stored on the ground on the
floor in walk-in coolers and freezers
which also allows for anything that
drips down onto the floor for those of
you who've ever worked in a restaurant
you probably understand this but it gets
mucky it gets gross it gets wet and then
freezes and then thaws and freezes and
that's what those hot dogs were sitting
in mar-a-lago costs two hundred thousand
dollars to become a member just to
become a member that doesn't include
yearly dues and fees for everything else
you have to pay two hundred thousand
dollars for the privilege of being able
to walk in the door and then purchase
those other services available at this
place
Donald Trump goes down there frequently
pretty much every weekend when it's a
little chilly up in DC and here we find
out that once again for the second time
in Donald Trump's presidency that's been
going on for less than a year this place
has very serious health and safety
violations which proves that mar-a-lago
is not unlike Trump himself all the you
know facade of glitz and glamour and
class on the outside but on the inside
it's rotting
filled with bugs and falling apart which
is pretty much the best way to describe
Donald Trump himself he puts on this
facade of being high class a good guy
you know the the pinnacle of what every
American strives to be but on the inside
things aren't working right there's
pieces missing and there's just general
gross Ness and disgustingness coursing
through this man's veins that is exactly
what's happening in mar-a-lago and I'm
willing to bet that if it's happening in
one of trumps properties it is probably
happening in others but never forget
that this dilapidated mar-a-lago is the
perfect analogy for Donald Trump himself
all glitz on the outside disgusting on
the inside thanks for watching and if
you like what you see here on Ring of
Fire we encourage you to subscribe to
our Channel
you can see the little subscribe button
down there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
