a California couple has been arrested
following the escape of their
seventeen-year-old daughter who alerted
authorities and let the world know about
the fact that these two had held their
13 children captive in their home for
who knows how long
authorities went to the home of David
and Louise Turpin in Paris California
and found some of their children
shackled they found unclean unsafe
conditions and they also noticed that
most of the children were severely
malnourished in fact some of them were
adults but had the body bodies of ten
year olds so the one that escaped was a
17 year old authorities said that she
looked like she was ten she had been
plotting her escape for two years then
they went found this story's developing
every day there's some new horror
involved in it they found the old home
that these guys used to live in in Texas
and the new homeowner said yeah when we
came in we thought it was so weird
because the the carpets were all stained
and then we found out that sometimes
they didn't they were chained up first
they used to tie the kids up with ropes
but one of the kids escaped from the
rope so then they started using chains
and sometimes they just want to let him
go to the bathroom no I mean this story
every day it gets more and more horrific
so then the Texas home you got the
stains on the carpets I mean to an
unbelievable degree then they said there
was a fence on the closet doors they
couldn't figure out why
turns out they were probably using the
closets as cages because they had cages
in the home in California okay and then
the worst part of it it's just
heartbreaking the doors had scratches on
them so we have some photos of the Texas
home this is not the one in California
let's start with graphic 63 and you kind
of get a sense of you know what the
conditions look like in this home and
you know how these poor kids lived and
it so there you see the filthy carpet
and then you see the doors that have
scratches on them and that was what the
the Texas couple that made these
pictures public were really harping on
the fact that they thought that those
scratches on the doors were caused by
you know dogs pets and now they
are certain that those scratches are
from the children trying to escape or
get away okay and why do they do it
you know it everybody knows it religion
so and the their relatives claim oh we
didn't know oh we hadn't talked to them
in a couple years or some one of the
kids is 29 years old and weighs 82
pounds oh god it's so you didn't she's
29 years old how you didn't know for all
that time okay
know that a lot of people know about
this unfortunately but you know what
religion excuses everything so they were
probably like oh well they're good
Christians and they're just trying to
you know raise their kids in the right
way don't excuse it this this is torture
and they're charged with torture and
child endangerment they should been
charged a long time ago right and some
of the kids have severe cognitive issues
as a result of being malnourished for so
long I just I hope justice will be
served and so far it appears that that
is the case you just watch the video by
the young turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that get the full show by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
