Republicans and Democrats are in
sensitive negotiations over the budget
showdown and they're trying to make a
deal here they've got the wall they've
got the DREAM Act and they've got chip
as some of the bargaining chips here
chip is health insurance for young
children now Democrats have wanted it
for a long long time they it's been
around for a long time but in September
the Republicans blocked the funding on
it so they're now holding it hostage so
Democrats are saying damn it and this is
what Republicans do they take hostages
that didn't exist before then they go
now you have to prove our draconian
terrible budget that you hate because we
took the chip hostage and you know the
tree Mac so now you're gonna give me the
budget and the wall to do that trade but
wait Trump said he'd do the Drina DREAM
Act alone no I'm just kidding well we're
not gonna do that we just want more and
more more from you guys okay but these
negotiations are hard and they're made
harder by the fact that Trump is
president and he doesn't know what he's
talking about that's why he keeps
flip-flopping on the DREAM Act says in a
private meeting oh yeah that'll pass no
problem you should pass it clean don't
attach it to the budget then the next
thing he turns around goes oh my god you
gotta attach it to the budget and I hate
those all those poor countries base are
you happy with me are you happy with me
so overall the Republicans think it's a
mess
literally Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell openly admitted Wednesday that
he has no idea what President Trump
wants and so that's part of the problem
he's like look I here's what I want
here's what the Democrats want but Trump
keeps throwing in these insane tweets
and demands everyone said well we have
no idea what he wants okay senator james
inhofe
deeply conservative senator out of
oklahoma says quote it's a mess so now
but they've got chip and they're gonna
use that as no pun intended a bargaining
chip okay so here Talking Points Memo
explains amid this chaos Republicans
thought that attaching a six-year
reauthorization of chip to the
short-term continuing resolution was a
win-win Democrats who had railed for
months that the gop-controlled Congress
had failed to fund a program would have
a tough time voting against it despite
their opposition to other aspects of the
package
and if we went down in flames
Republicans could cast the blame on
Congress's minority party so like I told
you they need to put get this budget
passed that's coming up right now and
they blocked funding for children's
health insurance and now they're saying
well Democrats you really really want
that so if you want that I'm gonna put
it in as part of this bill and if you
vote against this that I'm going to say
oh you're against the children you're
against the children I'm going to show
you a video about that in a second but
to to give you a sense of exactly where
they're going with this representative
cathy McMorris Rodgers said stopped
obstruction to Democrats stop the games
there's no good reason to punish
children not only are they voting to
shut down the government they're voting
to deny children access to critical
health care well they date it seems like
she cares about the children that's why
she wants the passes let's just note for
the record here as TPM does Republicans
control both chambers of Congress and
could have passed the chip
reauthorization at any time last year in
fact they could pass it right this
minute they could just go hey we have
the majorities oh you guys want to take
care of the children well that's easy
let's and the Democrats are in favorite
anyway this will be nearly unanimous
let's call a vote boom chip passes we're
done with it oh but you don't care about
the children you want to play political
games and hold those children hostage
their health care their lives hostage so
that you can get your budget approved
with all the lard and the pork in there
for defense contractors and all of your
crony capitalism that you loaded that
budget up with right so in fact let me
show you a clip to Jer Jackson are
legendary senior producer put together
of different Republicans pretending to
care about the children keep in mind
they could pass it at any time if they
want to so all of this is ridiculous
political gamesmanship watch we're also
continuing discussions on government
funding a six-year reauthorization of
chip these are really our most basic and
fundamental responsibilities that we
have serving in the house and I call
upon the Democrats to stop the
obstruction stop the games and join us
in getting it done
I simply asked how can you do this how
can you not give money to the most
vulnerable the most poorest and the most
sickest of our American society
unfortunately the answer is we see that
the Democrats would rather support
illegal aliens as opposed to our
American shorter than need that money
the Children's Health Insurance Program
chip two times we have voted to move
that off this floor but both items the
Democrats have not only said no they
whip their members to hold them back we
have states they're being challenged for
their children's health this is not a
time to play politics I used to think
that the Democrats thought the S chip
bill was bipartisan that children's
health insurance is a bipartisan bill
this was written by Republicans and
Democrats we've passed this extension
twice this year we're gonna be bringing
it to the floor again this week because
real deadlines are occurring this Friday
and the real deadlines that occur this
Friday are our men and women in uniform
and children's health insurance in many
states that will run out of money and so
that is why it is a son console to me
that they would block funding for a
military or cut off funding for these
states that really will lose their
funding for chip by playing these
political games
they're the worst Oh politicians are so
scummy that what he says oh it's gonna
run out of money but it had all the
money they needed until you blocked the
funding in September and you're sure oh
my god these Democrats they don't want
to pass it to a clean bill they'll pass
it tomorrow the point is second there
but they attach it to the things that
they want that the Democrats don't agree
with they're draconian budget that cuts
money for the poor the middle class and
gives it to the rich and then they're
like Oh what about the children I can't
believe the Democrats are playing
political games now unfortunately we
have a media that despite the fact that
they attack Trump all the time because
he's not part of the establishment still
largely don't do their jobs so they take
that stuff at face value I mean at that
press conference
there should be people like Jim Acosta
yelling at the White House go yell at
those guys those guys have been lying to
us for 40 straight years Republicans and
Democrats so why aren't you out there
going wait a minute you could pass chip
right now why don't you just put it up
for a vote right now why don't you do it
why don't you do it but then a
reporter's at home okay he said she said
as long as they're part of the
Republican Party of the Democratic Party
I'm not gonna say anything anyway that
is greatly frustrating to me as you can
tell and that's what's great about the
Internet
now we get to call them on their BS that
we used to get away with that stuff all
the time but here's where the story
takes a funny turn so the Republicans
have this plan and the Democrats are
paid to lose so they're supposed to go
Oh golly gee you took a hostage back in
September okay then oh good to get the
DREAM Act that's seventy percent
popularity okay because of those two
hostages I'll give you the wall and I'll
give you your crappy budget right so
they're in the middle of executing that
which I've seen happen my whole life
that's how this game is played
except Trump's an idiot and he doesn't
know that the game is played that way so
this they're using it for a short-term
extension right of the budget but Trump
didn't get the memo so he tweets out
chip should be part of a long-term
solution not a 30-day or short-term
extension at which point the Republicans
go No why did you tweet that no the
whole point was to trick them into
voting for a short-term extension of the
budget by including chip in there you
idiot and look I like that he blew up
their plan totally accidentally and I
guarantee you in flip-flops on this one
somebody who walks in the office and
goes hey moron sit down let me explain
to you how this works right now am I
making this stuff up or Republicans
actually frustrated the Trump actually
blow it well let's go to the Republicans
to find out here is Lindsey Graham we
don't have a reliable partner at the
White House to negotiate with okay
here's Mitch McConnell looking for
something that President Trump supports
and he's not yet indicated hmm what
measure he's willing to sign as soon as
we figure out what he is for then I
would be convinced that we were not just
spinning our wheels
this moron thinks he's doing
I don't know what he's for he's the
leader of the Republicans in the Senate
throwing up his hands going do you know
what Trump wants I don't know what Trump
was truck doesn't know what he wants
you're dealing with an absolute child
here finally one more for you guys
Senator John Cornyn number two in the
pecking order in the Center for the
Republicans says when asked hey what did
he mean by that tweet this is totally
against what your proposals have been
for this entire time says quote I'm not
sure what the president means if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network aam /join and once you do you'll
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me DUI tea
network.com slash joy
