Pennsylvania 18 has a special election
coming up because Tim Murphy apparently
had a mistress who he then asked to get
an abortion when he pretends to be
pro-life very very standard Republican
story oh yes nobody should get it
abortion but I was having sex with a
mistress and I'm Family Values well of
course I had it right so what once they
say say who I want Ron Ron run Tim
Murphy's gone so they're doing a special
election now it's a heavily Republican
district very pro Trump so they like
Trump to go there and campaign because
now the problems are in a little bit of
a panic they've lost 34 special
elections including in a rural deeply
red district in Wisconsin a couple of
days ago so the hill explains that Trump
will visit coincides with a concerted
national effort in the district so
Trump's gonna go and this is all part of
their effort to make sure that they win
that seat they explained further
national groups have spent more than 1
million dollars peppering the airwaves
with advertising with more spending on
building out a ground game for scone
Ciccone is the guy running in the race
for the Republicans Rick sarcone okay so
there he's a state Rep right now and
they're obviously trying to make him a
United States representative so this is
all in an effort to help ciccone now the
problem is that you're not if you're the
president you're not supposed to go give
campaign speeches then the Republicans
need to pay for it and they don't want
to pay for those are really expensive
when the president travels you're
supposed to be pretending to be on
official business okay and then Oh golly
gee my official business happened to be
where you're about to have this election
but look I saw a tank it's official
business right so now let me give you
more details on and they'll get to
Trump's tweet which you're gonna love
Trump is scheduled to give a speech at a
local manufacturing plant not to hold a
campaign event for GOP state senator
Rick's mr. Cohen who is running for the
March 30 special election and is
expected to be in the audience so that's
the official line that they're giving to
the press and so far so good it's
working out fine and the hill also
explains the White House has repeatedly
sought to frame the trip as an official
stop not a campaign event okay
so what does that'll Trump - he tweets
this will be going to Pennsylvania today
in order to give my total support for
Rick's a code running for Congress in a
special election Rick is a great guy
we need more Republicans - kotora
already successful agenda you schmuck
you just admit it you're going for
campaign reasons not for official
reasons oh I didn't know that I don't do
any homework all I do is play golf and
watch Fox for friends I wish I hadn't
tweeted that that's gonna cost us a lot
of money when Sarah Huckabee Sanders is
asked about it she says well the
president has made as clear his support
for Republican candidates throughout the
country including in Pennsylvania your
purpose of today's visit visit is to
promote the president's successful
agenda especially on taxes you tip out
policy it's about policy it's I mean
yeah you're embarrassing yourself please
stop
could that tweet have been any clearer
go for he capitalized Joe Tehan he
capitalized Rick Ciccone in case you
were unclear he was going to campaign
for Rick Ciccone will we go to
Pennsylvania today not to do policy or
don't promote my taxes in order to give
my total support for Richard called
running for Congress remember this is
about campaigns I don't know if you know
this Trump is like a really smart person
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks home of the revolution if you'd
like to get a lot more than that get the
full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
