fundamentalist maniac Brian Fisher
weighed in on the sexual assault
allegations against Brett Kavanaugh and
his comments were characteristically
very measured and reasonable it's the
best thing to do and the light of this
Cavanaugh situation and I want to stress
again what we talked about last
Wednesday that this this is a an urgent
case of spiritual warfare this is the
biggest conflict between good and evil
that we have seen in the last year this
is big-league spiritual warfare this is
major-league spiritual warfare this is
Satan and the demons of Hell coming
against one man because he stands for
what is right and stands for what is
true and all the forces of Hell are
arranged against him and we ladies and
gentlemen we have to stand in the gap
for Brett Kavanaugh if we don't stand in
the gap spiritually for Brett Kavanaugh
who will you know Martin Luther said
where the battle is raging that's where
the loyalty of the soldier is tested
that's where the battle is raging so
that's what we do were kind of like
firemen you know when people see flames
everybody rushes out the firemen rush in
we have to find the gap we have to find
the place where things are burning to
the ground and we go place ourselves in
that gap and we say to Satan Satan if
you're gonna get to Brett Kavanaugh you
are gonna have to go through us because
we are standing firm in the strength and
the power of the Lord not in our own
might but in the smite of the Lord we
stand firm we have no power to stand
firm on our own but in God we are more
than conquerors we have great power
mighty power almighty power in the
person of God the Trinity lives within
us the Holy Spirit lives within us Jesus
Christ the conqueror of death lives
within us if we stand into their power
and we speak with one voice to the
powers of darkness
we can win this battle and and that's
what's at stake here there's a prize
here and that's the nominee that's the
placement of Brett Kavanaugh on the
Supreme Court that's what Satan does not
want to see happen he's using every
trick he has in his arsenal to fight
that to keep that from happening that is
his Holy Grail right now to stop Brett
Kavanaugh from being seated on the
Supreme Court because Brett Kavanaugh
represents such a threat to his agenda
to use the supreme court to advance a
regressive backwards anti-biblical
anti-christian anti-american point of
view he's had control of the Supreme
Court now in every meaningful way since
the 1960s he's not gonna let go with
that without a fight and we are the
Warriors that God has alerted and God
has called us to stand in the gap for
him evil is pouring through this gap
targeted at Brett Kavanaugh we're there
to stand in the gap and provide a wall
of protection and the spirit for the
demonic forces that are coming after you
imagine for just a second that you
believed that that you thought that was
a convincing argument and that indeed is
what was happening that the demons of
hell and Satan are trying to oppose
Brett Kavanaugh which would mean of
course that God Almighty God is on the
side of Brett Kavanaugh and this is a an
eternal battle of darkness versus light
the level of sheer delusion that goes
into that is mind-boggling but I don't
doubt for a second that Brian Fisher
really believes this I think he really
believes it I think he really believes
that Satan the devil demons the powers
of darkness are against Cavanagh going
on the court it's not like okay the
Democrats are using this as a political
opportunity because the reality is that
Cavanaugh was a prep school prick and
was problem
we engaged in some very questionable
sexual abuse allegations no it's it's
not that is that the powers of darkness
or lining against da man
which then begs the question I mean in
this guy's mind Jesus would support a
guy like Kavanagh God by the way who I
believe he worked for the bush
administration so Jesus is you know he's
like a bush style Republican you know
he's a neocon he's for the war in Iraq
was killed minimum two hundred thousand
innocent people he's for torture you
know Bush he butchered in the torture
era Guantanamo Bay holding people
illegally unconstitutionally no due
process whatsoever by the way the
overwhelming majority them were totally
innocent of any wrongdoing
who would Jesus lock up without a trial
who would Jesus deny health care to you
know the Bush administration the Bush
administration we're talking about here
forty five thousand people died every
year under his watch from lack of health
care that study came out I believe in
the mid to late 2000s so it may have
come out under Obama I'm not sure but I
was pretty Obamacare but I think it's
about the same now to be fair the same
number of people dying that's how
up our health care is but would Jesus
sit by and watch that and go hmm you
know what I'm against I certainly don't
want workers making a living wage is
that what Jesus is concerned with now
because these are the positions that a
guy like Kavanagh would have working in
the Bush administration we know his
judicial philosophy by the way his
judicial philosophy is I have no
philosophy tell me what the Republicans
are saying and I'm in that's his
philosophy so I just find it amazing how
a guy like Bryan Fischer magically he
can twist everything where aa you know I
just consulted God and it turns out he
totally agrees with the Republicans not
everything it's kind of amazing
what's amazing Bryan is that you still
somehow have a show
