oh did you guys help us win a shorty
award last year thank you in the
category of audience honor for Best
Overall YouTube presents Best Overall
youtubers we want to win it again this
year that's right we want to win and we
can't do it without your help we need
you we need you alright so here's how
we're gonna do it guys look we want to
win for Best Overall YouTube presents
for the Young Turks but we also want to
win best in overall Facebook presence
and best web series for the breakdown
which is great but let me tell you about
YouTube presents go to tea white tea
network.com slash YouTube presents which
is very logical click on the vote in
Best Overall YouTube presents also very
logical you can log in using your
Facebook or Twitter accounts to create a
surety account to submit your vote you
share your vote on social media ba-bang
that counts as an extra vote you're
voting like crazy now now do this for
the breakdown on web series and in a
facebook presence as well and you're
seeing the links to vote on your screen
and don't worry we will have them in the
description box below so easy peasy you
just go right there just click click
boom you're there and get a load of this
you can vote once per day all the way to
February 22nd every day every day go
nuts have fun you know we always tell
you to get out and vote this gives you
an opportunity to do it over and over
again sorry you know by the end we might
just get tired of winning no and this is
great practice for the midterm elections
you know get that voting muscle in order
that's right here we go ready yeah
practice
