recently Ashleigh Banfield who is one of
the hosts on HLN spoke about a story
regarding Aziz Ansari it was a story
that was published in babe magazine that
accounted that had the account of a
young woman who went on a date with him
and felt uncomfortable with his advances
during the date after the woman verbally
indicated she does not want to have sex
with him he stopped and the date ended
now Ashleigh Banfield commented on that
account because of the fact that it was
being lumped in with the me2 movement
cases of sexual assault cases of rape
cases of sexual assassin that ended
women's careers and she wasn't in favor
of the way it was covered so she not
only criticized the way it was handled
by the woman making the accusations who
by the way till this day is anonymous
they used a pseudonym rather than her
real name but she also criticized Katey
way who was the the writer for babe who
made this story public now apparently
katywade did not like Ashleigh Banfield
commentary on this and sent an email to
HLN that Ashleigh Banfield shared with
her audience and I want to toss the
video to show you exactly what that
email said and I want to share this
because I think this gives us an insight
into the caliber of the person who held
that nuclear weapon that was wielded on
Ansari's career the caliber of this 22
year old young woman and I'm only gonna
read a slight part of her comments to me
and I assume she fashions herself a
feminist in this movement Ashleigh
someone who I'm certain no one under the
age of 45 has ever heard of
I hope the 500 retweets on the single
news write-up made that burgundy
lipstick bad highlights second wave
feminist has been really relevant for a
little while
that's from Katie Wei who was on CBS
this morning okay so Katie Wei also
wanted to make public the entirety of
her email because she felt like that was
taken out of context I highly recommend
you guys read the entirety of her email
Business Insider posted it
and throughout the entire email yes she
does
say the things that were you know
relayed to you right now but she also
talks about how grace was in a
vulnerable position and how dare you
attack her you disgust me
read the whole thing I don't think that
it makes the case better for Katie we
actually think it makes it a little
worse for her but remember grace still
remains anonymous we don't know who she
is and she is maybe being attacked by
some people on TV or online but no one
knows who she is personally so okay so
number of things here number one
Katie Way picked the wrong target
because if you're journalists do some
research Ashleigh Banfield is actually
one of the best anchors on television
and if you don't know about her you
should and a lot of people under the age
of 45 know about her because of some of
the coverage on the Internet including
us she was one of the few brave people
on air and she was a rising star at the
time and MSNBC had paid a lot of money
to to get her from the other networks
one of the few brave people before the
Iraq war they gave a speech saying that
we shouldn't go to war in Iraq and for
that bravery she was punished by the
corporate media MSNBC not only took her
off the air but they wouldn't let her
out of our contract because they didn't
want anyone speaking against the war
anywhere on TV at the time they were
owned by GE which was a defense
contractor that's how they made most of
their money and now I'm bad just to
teach everybody a lesson they moved
Ashley Banfield's office from an actual
office to inside a closet and she
suffered through all that and she came
back and she made it back on air and
when she was on air at CNN she did some
of the toughest interviews during the
2012 elections so she's actually a great
journalist but you didn't bother
researching that you just judged her for
lipstick and her hair and her age which
I'm pretty sure is not the progressive
way of handling things so the comments
on Ashley Banfield's appearance is the
exact reason why I did want to do this
follow-up because I think it would be
totally fair to maybe respond to
Ashleigh Banfield based on the merits of
her argument maybe you want to criticize
the open letter that she put out there
toward Grace who was the woman that you
wrote about that that is completely fine
but you immediately went to attacking
her age attacking her physical
appearance attacking her lipstick her
highlights that is a really weird
position to take or a weird attack to
make considering the fact that you pride
yourself on being this self-righteous
feminist who wants to provide a voice
for someone like Grace who by her own
admission didn't make it clear that she
didn't want to have a sexual
relationship with Ansari at that moment
until she finally said no and he
completely stopped now I want Ashley
Banfield to respond to her as well I
want you to hear it's very short take a
look if you truly believe in the me to
movement if you truly believe in women's
rights if you truly believe in feminism
the last thing you should do is attack
someone in an ad hominem way for her age
I'm 50 and for my highlights I was brown
haired for a while when I was a war
correspondent interviewing Yasser Arafat
and in Afghanistan and Iraq Gaza and the
West Bank Google those places that is
not the way we have this conversation as
women or men we don't attack as
journalists let's be frankly we do not
attack people for their age or their
highlights or their lipstick because it
is the most hypocritical thing a woman
who says she supports the woman's
movement could ever do Wow yes I I
appreciate that saltiness I really do
okay look as far as overall story
whether it was Ashleigh Banfield or our
coverage and let's talk about our
coverage for a second I think there are
legitimate critiques that you could make
and I think that that's Katie we could
have gone in that direction so so a lot
of people have pointed out hey look you
we you should have emphasized for us
you should have emphasized more of the
parts where Aziz Ansari kept insisting
and persisting and and made numerous
attempts to hook up and they didn't hook
up in different ways and then eventually
he said no right and so I've seen
whether you will call feminist
progressives etc make those claims and I
think those are legitimate claims we can
disagree on a lot of it but it's fair to
point out okay
there's also the illegitimate criticism
bunch of the right-wing pretending to
care about this issue and there they say
oh yeah you guys only care about it
because Aziz Ansari's Muslim what what I
didn't even I gotta be honest I didn't
even know he was Muslim
yeah but they see things only in terms
of groups yeah so they're like oh is he
so serious Muslim so therefore I hate
him therefore I believe this you know I
mean we're very consistent like anytime
a liberal gets accused we go ahead and
support him right anytime anyone we
agree with get some people you know
accused we go ahead I mean come on
whatever I don't care about that
criticism at all at all for legitimate
critiques I hear you right and the
persistence was definitely evident in in
Grace's account but here's the thing you
she didn't make it clear that she wasn't
into it at time she complied at time she
claims she mumbled something under her
breath it's just not clear communication
and and to put it on Ansari and make it
seem as though he's like some crazy
predator that we all need to look out
for I just think that it unfortunately
could destroy someone's career when you
don't clearly state that you're not
interested in having a sexual
relationship with that person and he was
the only one in the room you you could
have you know so we I don't want to wait
too much back into it but it makes it
seem like Ansari is the only person with
cognitive ability there who could
actually act any right and that's crazy
and if you're a feminist of course you
shouldn't believe that look I know we've
got legitimate disagreements about the
story but here's what I'm not okay with
though I am NOT okay with anyone trying
to shut me down
because they don't agree with my opinion
okay I want to have a dialogue I want to
have a conversation and I want to do so
in a civil way where people aren't
attacking one another based on stupid
things like physical appearance or
whatever if you want to have a dialogue
in a conversation like an adult I hear
you and I want to hear those critiques
but if you're not interested in that and
you want to shut people down the second
they say something that makes you
uncomfortable I'm not interested in you
if you're offended by that if you're
offended
by opinions and dialogue then this is
not the program for you all right and
last thing in the rest of the letter
you're right Anna she doesn't do herself
any favors I had no opinion on the
writer before right
but after insulting Ashley Banfield's
career and an appearance etc and she
says I will remember this for the rest
of my career I'm 22 and so far not too
shabby I just can't I don't I can't look
I I was 22 months and I know what it's
like to be 22 and and think that you are
on top of the world do you know
everything and then life rains down on
you and it humbles you it's like it's a
common thing there was but it was
trumpian the way she capitalized she
disgust me the way that she puts the
exclamation point on not too shabby
but Katie so Ashleigh Banfield took
courageous stands against a war that
killed millions of people and you wrote
this piece that you're now so proud of
and you think that makes your career
better than hers at the age of 22
because of this piece but then it makes
me think that might be part of the
reason you wrote the piece because hey
look at my great career you didn't do
yourself any favors with this letter if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks show every day
