yes this actually happened I almost
wrote no joke in the title Trump says he
fell in love with Kim jong-un just when
you thought he couldn't get any crazier
so I'm gonna explain in a second first
let's note for the record as always if
you want to get all the Young Turks
shows become a Young Turks member T
y-t-dot-com slash join it's like a
progressive Netflix we've got over a
dozen progressive shows including The
Young Turks get at any time you want t
y-t-dot-com sighs Jordan okay that's my
public service announcement not really
but it is an announcement okay so Trump
said a rally lately at the rallies he
has been sitting to the script as much
as Trump can this time not so much so he
goes off script so everybody brace for
impact and he said something about kim
jeong-hoon
Oh double brace for impact and then I'm
going to give you direct quotes he said
I like him he likes me
I guess that's okay I allowed to say
that now let's pause there so far it's
not too bad at all okay if he just left
it at that
I'm not even making this video of course
not right so look
yes let's note the hypocrisy that if
Obama had said I like a dictator like
Kim jong-un probably the worst dictator
on the planet right now the Republicans
sort of lost it heads exploding nineteen
hearings etc but were past it right do I
want for the billionth time do I want
him to go meet with Kim jong-un yes
that's how you make peace deals you meet
with your enemies not your friends I
thought he kind of botched it but hey
they're back on track so overall it's
good news so just leave it right there
no he can't he can't so he continues I
was really being tough and so was he
okay fine that's fine and we can go back
and forth remember these are the famous
quotes the Trump called him rocket man
and then he said Trump yelled in the
middle of the day my button is bigger
than your button and the fire and fury
all that was directed in North Korea and
Kim jong-un if you remember but I'm glad
we're past that so all this is totally
fine until we get to this Trump
literally says there's a direct quote
and then
we fell in love oh my god who says that
Jesus Christ who says that about a
dictator okay he continues the crowd
laughs right and he says no really he
says he wrote me beautiful letters they
were great letters and then we fell in
love
Oh unbelievable lunatic who says that
about a dictator first of all which
foreign leader says it about any other
foreign leader it's kind of weird but
let alone not an ally but an enemy now
remember who else is a theoretical enemy
of ours right now I mean the right wing
would certainly say Iran I think the
peace still we had with them is great
what was great until Trump ripped it up
but let's see Iran's an enemy right
their leader is a grand ayatollah
khamenei if Oh Grand Ayatollah and I
fell in love but that's because he wrote
me beautiful letters oh the heads would
have exploded I mean if he sent about
anybody if Bush had said it about
anybody if Clinton had said it about we
felt he says about a dictator look look
look
and I know sometimes you just kind of
work with dictators and I know that's a
terrible thing to say but you know the
famous example obviously is we work with
Stalin for Christ's sake during World
War two to fight a worse dictator and of
course the not seasoned and Hitler but
I'm pretty sure FDR never said Stalin
wrote me beautiful letters and we fell
in love he is such a weirdo and but and
so it's just funny it's weird and by the
way given that Kim Jong hoon has
concentration camps it's grotesque let's
just note that for the record - I mean
it's so over the top weird and funny
that you can't help but laugh but at the
same time it's a there's a millions of
people who basically enslaved in North
Korea it's that so worse dictatorship on
the planet and and that if you go
through all the details of why North
Korea is a hellhole all because of Kim
jong-un and his lackeys it then
it's not remotely funny but the last
part of it is also relevant which is
that so why does he like Kim jong-eun so
much now is it because they've got a
fruitful relationship
I hope it's getting there it isn't there
yet no because it's because he wrote him
beautiful letters what a child what a
simpleton all you got a who's a
complement him and he's ago oh he likes
me he's like no really no really he
likes me and I like him he wrote me a
beautiful letters I'm in love oh god
somebody get him out of office
please 25th amendment I'm telling
brothers hashtag 25th amendment we got
to go we have a president who says he
fell in love with a dictator cuz the guy
complemented him you think he's gonna
make rational decisions brace for impact
