secretary of Department of Homeland
Security Kristin Nielsen is testifying
in front of the Senate Pat Leahy senator
leahy from Vermont's gonna ask her a
very very normal standard question she's
gonna give an amusing answer let's watch
Norway is a predominantly white country
isn't it I'm I actually do not know that
sir but I imagine that is the case I Got
News for you yeah they're okay here in
fact I'll show you the numbers we look
bothered to look about it Norway is
83.2% Norwegian otherwise known as white
8.3%
other European which is otherwise known
as largely white 0.5% other so that's
about 91 percent white and by the way
the other might also have plenty of
white countries as well but like what
they can't help themselves there's
greasy politicians they have to lie and
bend the truths and said I don't know
the Norway's right I haven't looked into
it by the way you're working in Homeland
Security maybe you should look into it
is that's kind of weird aren't we doing
extreme betting or do we not do extreme
betting of white countries so that's why
you never looked into it okay anyway now
we're gonna go to Republican senator
Joni a Jody Ernst okay so she's an Iowa
by the way it's not like the room was
full of minorities as you'll see okay
she makes another excuse about Norway
and look at the reaction birds telling
the crowd other world leaders support
Trump he is standing up for a lot of the
countries that we're we have seen you
bet
way
you know you laugh at folks borders
Norway Russia and I don't know what that
means that's a group of good old
American white folks from Iowa laughing
their ass off at their senator Joni
Ernst and she's like I mean he's got
somebody had to stick up for Norway
somebody had to do a poor Norway they're
always getting abused Norway's doing
perfectly fine they didn't need Trump to
stand up before them and by the way they
are far far more progressive than we are
and are probably annoyed that Trump is
claiming them as that as among his folk
because they're not his folk politically
at all the only reason why I mentioned
Norway is because and I'll apparently
have to fill in the secretary here
secretary Olson because they are largely
white that is true if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now tea why tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks Oh every day
