a new report indicates that Congress
members spent a whopping 300 thousand
dollars to settle sexual harassment
allegations and discrimination against
her discrimination accusations against
them since 2003 now this is a new report
that was put out by the Committee on
house administration and here is what
they found no names were mentioned
unfortunately but nearly three hundred
thousand dollars in taxpayer funds has
been spent to settle thirteen claims
against members of Congress or their
offices since 2003 that includes sexual
harassment or sex discrimination these
accusations include three cases
involving sex discrimination that total
more than $27,000 also between 2008 and
2012 the Treasury fund paid more than
174 thousand dollars to settle eight
cases between 2013 and 2017 two cases
involving sex discrimination or
harassment were settled totaling 91
thousand dollars now the majority of the
91 thousand dollars was paid out because
of accusations lodged against Farenthold
which we covered earlier on The Young
Turks one of these settlements was for
eighty four thousand dollars that was
the Blake Farenthold accusation from
2014 a woman who was his former
communications director accused him of
sexual harassment Farenthold that said
at the time oh it's okay I'm gonna pay
that eighty four thousand dollars well
well number one only after you got
caught before you were perfectly happy
to let taxpayers pay for it while you
pretended to be a champion of saving
taxpayer money as a Republican and that
was his big thing I saved taxpayers
money
I mean unless I sexually harassed
someone in which case you pay for it
then he got caught with his hand in the
cookie jar he said now I'm gonna pay for
it I think it was jr. our producer Jerry
Jackson who said no he won't and now we
find out no not exactly
waiting to see what the outcome of this
investigation will be and and how
Congress will move forward in you know
having something put forwards like the
right I don't even know how you call it
like the right
way to approach these issues as opposed
to having people sign non-disclosure
agreements using taxpayer money to
settle these settlements can you imagine
I mean look Republican representatives
Republican members of Congress lose
their minds over the SNAP program which
gives the poorest people in this country
the poorest families in this country
scraps scraps so they can feed their
kids right they lose their minds over
that but representative Farenthold used
eighty four thousand dollars in taxpayer
money to settle a sexual harassment case
involving his own communications person
like can you imagine if one poor family
got a one-time lump-sum payment of
eighty four thousand dollars in taxpayer
money that would be the scandal of a
lifetime in America they would not stop
talking about it this is absolutely
ridiculous
you got accused of sexual harassment you
pay for it why are you using taxpayer
money to do it so there's two different
things here guys so is our settlements
do settlement sometimes happen yes okay
and if you're a congressman some of the
settlements are lowest seven thousand
dollars you might pay that just so that
you don't have bad PR right or wrong it
might affect your race and you might say
I didn't do it but it's seven thousand
dollars and I got a I can't withstand
that kind of damage right and and by the
way are all the cases true nobody knows
because they're their secret right and
and I do process matters right so having
said all that why are we paying for
their selves lastly so ok you wonder
settlements I hear your brother you
wonder non-disparagement I know that
that's not in vogue but I think that
there is ability to do that I think it
makes sense in some instances but why
are we paying for it especially if
you're Farenthold and you talked about
the bums on welfare you talked about
this and you talked about that and how
you're gonna lower the deficit and then
you gave one and a half trillion dollars
to the rich in your tax cuts just the
second ago so your donors are thrilled
you're thrilled because you're also rich
but you're so you're he's one of the
richest members of Congress but for a
sexual
oh no no no I'm not paying for it
taxpayers you guys are the suckers we
are the ones who tricked you so that I
can get in here and get myself a giant
tax cut you pay for my sexual harassment
settlement I'm just tired of the way the
discourse in the country goes when it
comes to using our taxpayer money to
benefit us right any time that money is
used to benefit us whether it's in
helping those who are poor you know with
with food stamps or you know making sure
that the entitlements that we paid into
are going to be something that we can
take advantage of like Medicare and
Social Security when we're ready to
retire those are all controversial
issues are always being debated right we
paid into it it's money that we pay the
federal government to ensure that we're
taking care of but those that taxpayer
money goes toward wars that we shouldn't
be starting right preemptive war it goes
toward nonsense like this where we're
paying settlements for for lawmakers I
don't care if there are Democrats or
Republicans taxpayer money should not be
spent on settling their issues okay
whenever it comes to helping out those
who are privileged we never have the
debate so I preach it teach it I
couldn't agree more and one last thing
on it it's even worse than that because
when for example Bernie Sanders says
let's do cause for all so that's the
American dream that your kids can have
the same chance as rich parents kids
right there you go they don't even
debate it they just they just snicker
look that's totally exactly what
happened during the Democratic primaries
and all and all the Anderson Cooper's
they all snickered
Trump now call CNN liberal go back and
watch those debates they laughed at
Bernie Sanders he would have helped the
middle classes kids that's not realistic
now the Iraq war nobodies snickered and
we spent trillion we threw trillions of
dollars we burned it and we and all
those people died and now these
sexual-harassment settlements that's
okay that helps the powerful in the leak
nobodies Snickers but you want to help
middle class live their American dream
so we can't stand your priorities and
yet the people on TV and the people in
Washington
figure out why people in the country are
angry like all the millionaire's we know
are super happy yeah we know if you
liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
