Gallup recently conducted a survey of
Americans to figure out whether or not
they are in favor of the direction that
the United States is headed in and
unsurprisingly this survey show that
there is even more division among
Republicans and Democrats both parties
completely disagree about whether or not
they're in favor of the direction the
country is going in to give you an
example according to this Gallup survey
6 in 10 Republicans 61% say they are
satisfied with the way things are going
in the country the highest level of
satisfaction recorded among the GOP
rank-and-file since 2007 so it seems as
though they're in favor of some of these
policies that Trump has been pushing for
and maybe even in favor of some of the
rhetoric that he has been you know
putting out there in regard to race
relations Democrats though disagree 7
percent of Democrats told pollsters they
are satisfied with the direction of the
country so the vast majority of
Democrats are unhappy now if you look at
the country as a whole though the
majority of Americans are not happy with
how things are going just 29 percent of
Americans are satisfied with the
direction of the country since Trump
became president those figures have
ranged from 21 percent to 32 percent
nearly seven in 10 Americans 69 percent
say that they are dissatisfied okay so a
couple of important notes here one is
about the overall numbers of others
about the pattern so the overall numbers
don't be confused are terrible 29
percent of the country saying we're on
the right path is not a good number the
Republicans keep fooling themselves that
there's magic involved in Trump just
because he beat Hillary Clinton who was
disastrously unpopular in the country
but in 2018 Trump's not even on the
ballot it's going to be all those
Republicans trying to defend incredibly
unpopular policies and we're sitting
there at a 29% and going in the right
direction those are terrible numbers and
if you do the math on that you're gonna
get crushed and by the way it's not like
Republicans don't know what they do know
it that's why a record 30 Republicans
have already announced they're running
for the hill
they're retiring they don't want to go
up for the next election because they
know they're gonna lose so sometimes the
mainstream media drives me crazy because
they don't report these numbers as
something that is really really bad I
mean you see the Republicans running
from the building with their hair on
fire and they just say like oh it's just
Trump it's just Trump but they would
never ever criticize the Republican
Party so now speaking of criticizing the
Republican Party sixty-one percent of
Republican voters I mean they they
picked Trump they had 17 choices they
took the most maniacal the most hateful
one out of the bunch the biggest bully
that wasn't the you know that wasn't a
bug that was the features I keep telling
you and so they look at it and go oh
he's calm these countries terrible
places he's calling these people that
he's calling it that those people that
well great I like that that's why I
wrote a form so let's understand who the
Republican voters are they look at Trump
and think mission accomplished
so okay so I always look I find that so
fascinating because yes I agree with you
that the rhetoric is not something that
they reject it is something that they
have embraced it's something that was
very prominent during the election and
you know they signed on for that but if
you look at the policies and what Trump
promised you know the coverage of
Trump's policies are very favorable
toward him very generous toward him but
the reality is he hasn't kept up with
the majority of his promises the
Affordable Care Act failed on that the
tax plan deeply unpopular even among
those on the right okay because everyone
knows there are huge huge tax cuts and
handouts to corporations and the
wealthiest people in the country
okay the border wall nothing's been
constructed and Mexico's not paying for
it and he's hounding Congress about
funding it which is why you know the the
latest immigration proposal included 1.9
billion dollars to fund the border wall
that's our taxpayer money going toward
that nonsense right but again hasn't
built yet I mean its failure after
failure after failure when it comes to
legislation and policy and I wonder
whether or not they look at those
failures at all if it's just the lure of
his hateful rhetoric that keeps them
going no no that's a two great points so
one we should never forget the Trump
said a billion times they're in the
campaign that the Mexicans were gonna
pay for the wall so this is a good time
to think about and talk about it because
hey guys what happened I thought like if
I'm in a budget negotiation and I'm a
Democrat I'm gonna say well no that's
okay I'm quoting your president Trump
said that we don't have to pay for the
wall so I'm not gonna put anything in
the budget for it he said that he was
going to magically made them have the
Mexicans pay for it so have Mexico send
the money I'm done with that let's move
on right
so of course they know that the
president's an idiot and a liar
and but did not ask the questions of
Republican voters
I thought you you're tough guy was gonna
get the Mexicans to pay for it there's
any a loser is any incompetent liar
loser who worse lying the whole time or
is a buffoon and didn't know what the
hell he was talking about which one is
it was he a liar was he a buffoon
because the Mexicans are certainly not
paying for that wall it's coming out of
your pocket and they're never gonna be
able to build over you okay now the
second point is what you pointed out
there the incompetence actually his
lowest numbers were in October because
the tax plan had not passed so he had
gotten nothing done nothing so
Republicans are super pissed
independence thought this guy's
incompetent Democrats didn't like him
anyway so now his numbers have picked up
a little bit stock market is booming so
the rich are getting richer
congratulations and and on top of that
day I have got one thing done so for
example with independence he was down at
20% Wow 20% with independence yeah in
October now the pattern is he's back up
up to 31% with independence which is
that arrow bald numbered only 31% of
independents think through the country's
headed in the right direction so yes at
least that one tax cut even though it is
deeply unpopular they were like oh he
got one thing done he got one thing done
right and Democrats by the way when
you're helping them fund this wall you
should think about that
don't help them get other things done
you're knuckleheads actly things that
Americans don't want anyway you think
the wall is popular it's not okay you
think
on popular you're an idiot the DREAM Act
just insist on a clean bill it's 70%
popular in the country including a
majority of Republicans but they have no
political sense at all
anyway numbers of real 2018 I told you
from the very beginning it is going to
be a great mystery and I don't know
which way it's gonna go but every day
the jury will start to come in a little
bit more and a little bit more now we're
only a couple of weeks into the year but
this is part of the jury and the jury
just came in with a note saying we
really really don't like Trump and that
could affect the 2018 elections in a big
way another part of the jury that came
in I Darrell I sent last week ran for
the hills 30 Republicans not going to
run again these are really bad signs for
the Republicans
so 2018 starting to look it's just the
beginning but starting to look like it
might be a bloodbath for the Republicans
don't lose sight of that it's hard not
to get frustrated that 61% of
Republicans think nailed it right but
the great majority of the country does
not agree with them if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole young turks o
every day
