today's MLK Day and unfortunately on
this day a debate rages on regarding
just how racist our president is the
comments that he made in regard to El
Salvador Haiti and African countries
calling them so-called shit holes is
something that people are still talking
about and the president has now denied
that he has said it even though
Senator Durbin stands by his statements
that he did in fact say what he said and
there are now other lawmakers who are
coming to Trump's defense saying no no
he didn't say shit well he said
something else now before we get into
all the details of who said what let's
take a look at Trump's denial after a
press pool reporter asked him whether or
not he made these statements
because he knows he knows every
individual that that reporter has ever
interviewed in in his lifetime
and know you are the most racist
president we've had in modern times at
least yeah so who says things like I'm
the least racist person you've ever
known
usually a racist yeah okay so I mean
look I don't want every time this comes
up I don't want to relitigate his whole
history of racism I'll just leave it at
I do yeah Central Park yeah all right no
no I I actually want to thank the New
York Times for compiling the definitive
list of all the racist things that Trump
has said that list is so long that I
unfortunately cannot recount everything
for you but here are the doozies okay
and I tried to keep this as short as
possible but it was quite a task
he began his 2016 presidential campaign
with a speech disparaging Mexican
immigrants as criminals and rapists in
December of 2015
Trump called for a total and complete
shutdown of Muslims entering the United
States including refusing to readmit
Muslim American citizens who were
outside of the country at the time in
June of 2017 Trump said 15,000 recent
immigrants from Haiti quote all have
AIDS and that 40,000 Nigerians once
seeing the United States would never go
back to their huts in Africa he spent
years suggesting that the nation's first
black president was born not in the
United States but in Kenya a lie that
Trump still has not acknowledged Trump
falsely claimed that President Obama
issued a statement for Kwanzaa but
failed to issue one for Christmas like
you know what he didn't call those
countries shithole countries okay but
how do you how do you answer to the long
list of terrible racist things that
you've said and owned up to yet to me
the central part 5 is this worst of the
worst is five black kids they were
accused of rape Donald Trump took out a
full-page ad calling for their execution
it turns out that they didn't do it and
years later we
now definitively they didn't do they for
caught the real rapist with his DNA etc
they let the those guys go at that point
Donald Trump said I don't care I still
think they should be in prison why but
we know we know for a fact that they are
innocent he doesn't care he's it's five
black kids attacked in his mind attacked
a white woman does it it's fun they must
have done something
I mean why why if there was five white
right-wingers from Kansas who were
falsely accused and we found out later
oh my god they didn't do it you know
what I'd say what about a prison are you
crazy monster would call for the death
penalty for people who have been
exonerated I mean worst of the worst
anyway I don't give him any benefit of
that yeah absolutely said it and we're
gonna prove it in a hilarious excuse in
a minute but Anna's got one yes I do
have more I just want to read you a
couple more just to refresh your memory
he frequently criticizes prominent
African Americans for being unpatriotic
ungrateful and disrespectful and has
referred to NFL players as sons of
bitches but the ones taking a name which
are almost all black exactly he called
Puerto Ricans who criticizes
administration's response to Hurricane
Maria
by the way Puerto Ricans who are in fact
American citizens he called them
politically motivated ingrates ingrates
that's really classic he has called some
of the white nationalists in
Charlottesville Virginia very fine
people
Trump pardoned Joe Arpaio the Arizona
sheriff sanctioned for racially
profiling Latinos and for keeping
immigrants in brutal prison conditions
in November of 2017 during a meeting
with Navajo veterans of World War two
Trump mocked senator Elizabeth Warren as
Pocahontas also don't forget that
Trump's real estate company tried to
avoid renting apartments to African
Americans in the 1970s and gave
preferential treatment to whites and
that's according to the federal
government so I was being incredibly
sarcastic when I said that I was giving
him the benefit of the doubt the point
that I'm trying to make is that his
comments about El Salvador in Haiti and
African countries we're not that
shocking to me because for me this is
par for the course when it comes to
Donald Trump this is not surprising this
is to be expected this will not be the
last time
he says something terrible and racist
and it not only has ramifications in
regard to race relations in the u.s. it
has ramifications internationally okay
he is not gonna be an effective leader
if he's a piece of shit like this and
it's unfortunate that we get involved in
these debates regarding whether or not
he's racist when the proof is right here
in front of us not from one instance or
two instances but from several
throughout decades okay and I don't want
people to misunderstand it because I
think the Democrats often do a bad job
here and they try to separate Trump from
the rest of the Republicans like oh the
rest the Republicans are okay no they're
not
so right now you got for senator Perdue
and cotton lying for Donald Trump by the
way later he'll throw them under the bus
and admit that he said it and then
they'll be stuck holding the bag okay
but they're saying they don't recall
whether he said it it's not like it
happened 20 years ago it happened a
couple of days ago what's there didn't
recall or not recall that's the poorest
excuse I've ever heard Senator Lindsey
Graham who was also there and who also
heard it and also confirmed that he you
know referred to those countries issues
shitholes reiterated today that his
memory has not evolved and that he heard
what he heard okay I love the people
whose memories evolve in this span of a
couple of days so that is a Republican
Senate arey saying yes dick Durbin is
right he said it that's two senators
bipartisan and he clearly said it of
course he said it it's in keeping with
everything that he's ever done but I'm
gonna go further look that Kawana
comment so it's a lie first of all if
you believe Donald Trump on anything
you're an idiot all he does is lie so he
says the first black president we ever
had celebrated Kwanzaa but refused to
celebrate Christmas officially now why
would you make up a lie like that
because you're a goddamn racist okay so
look I I think the word racist is
charged I get it I get it
and and people are like it's a heavy
charge let's put it that way okay so you
shouldn't make it lightly we are not
making it lightly he has an entire
lifetime of discriminating against
african-americans as saying abhorrence
things about blacks Latinos on on and on
and on and if you can't see that man you
don't want to see it and I wonder why
you don't want to see it it's because
it's glaringly obvious so I I
look I think everyone including those
that continuously defend him know that
he said it and they might publicly deny
it but internally they know he said it
and they those who are defending him
kind of love that he said it and then
there are those who don't even deny that
he says it and make excuses or defend
that kind of statement well he's just
calling it like it is I mean that's what
you heard over and over again during the
election that he's just calling it like
it is you think that it's a good idea to
go after the allies of ours and refer to
their countries as shitholes you didn't
oppress he's not a blogger he's got some
random all right dude on Twitter he's
the President of the United States you
think it makes sense for the president
to refer to a whole continent as
shithole and then turn around and go
what do you mean I've just called all of
Africa shithole why would that be
conceived as racist I can't quite tell
did you make a distinction between a
Nigerian economy and the economy of
Botswana come on he couldn't name by
SWANA if his life depended on it okay no
he's like that
the baffert guy shithole how could I be
racist listen if you're defending him on
that I get it dude I get it you don't
like him despite the fact that he's a
racist you like him because he's a
racist for you that's not the bug that's
the feature just say it own up to it why
won't you just come out and be honest I
thought you guys were so brave all those
alpha males in the right wing
what are you cowering in the bushes for
just pop out and declare what you are
say yeah I don't like blacks and Latinos
I think they're inferior right just say
it say it and then we'll be done with it
just it's so obvious that that's why you
liked rum what else has he accomplished
tax cuts for the rich that's why you're
rooting for him why are you a
millionaire or a billionaire no you'll
like that he's racist so there were some
comments from those on the right
essentially confirming what he had said
and also criticizing him so I do want to
give them some credit for that Eric
Erickson who by no means is a liberal oh
yeah they have the following on Twitter
let's go to graphic 12 it's weird that
people in the room don't remember Trump
using that word when Trump himself was
calling
to brag about it afterwards I spoke to
one of those friends the president
thought it would play well with the base
going to what you were saying Jake how
it's not the bug it's the feature for
some and then also the associated press
had reported sighting a person who spoke
with the president the AP reported that
Trump doubled down on his reported
comments from this week defending the
remark as not racist but quote
straightforward assessment of the living
conditions in the countries discussed
okay so senators cotton and Perdue you
step in it by trying to defend them by
claiming you don't recall what happened
at that time hours ago hey and and now
furiously continue to defend Donald
Trump you don't get it he's gonna admit
it at some point that's what he always
does because no I don't know slowly so
that later he goes just to water don't
say it but in the meanwhile you live for
him like an idiot and now he's going
around telling friends you know of
course I said oh so smart wasn't it so
smart I got all my race to space to it
were like me again because Ann Coulter
had yelled at him and Tucker Carlson had
yelled at him and saying what are you
doing helping immigrants with the DREAM
Act we don't want to help those kids who
are really successful in America we want
to crush their dreams and hopes and send
him back to countries they never lived
in and he goes oh yeah yeah that's right
my basic piece of shit they're
deplorable czar the worst people on
earth so I'll be like Dumbo call these
countries shit holes and then I'll brag
about it to my friends and now that's
leaked and we know he said it now you
want to know the funniest excuse of all
now allies in the White House or say no
he didn't say shit hole he said shit
house that's your excuse
okay all right I'm pretty sure
unfortunately he's turned the White
House into a shit house we got to get
him out clean that place out completely
okay you want to talk about deep talked
about how Bill Clinton disgrace the
office
this guy's a absolute monumental
disgrace to all of us as Americans you
got to get him out and then just send in
the cleaners to wipe that place but it's
become filthy now with the racists that
are in there that are defiling the idea
of
our flag and what we stand for as
American citizens what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
