during Donald Trump's interview with The
Wall Street Journal he was asked about a
number of topics and a huge portion of
the interview focused on immigration and
border security so let's discuss what he
had to say now when it comes to the
border wall The Wall Street Journal
asked do you have to have a completely
funded wall or would 1.6 billion dollars
be enough now that was a reference to
the immigration reform legislation that
was being drafted by the Gang of Six the
Senators and in that legislation was the
partial funding of the wall to the tune
of 1.9 billion dollars and here's what
Trump had to say about that let me let
me tell you something about the wall so
I've always said we have to have a wall
I've also said Mexico's got to pay for
it sometimes you know on occasion I dad
who's going to pay for it
Mexico well they will pay for it okay
there are many forms of payment I could
name ten right now okay so
Visa Mastercard shiny things sometimes
the chuck-e-cheese they give you tickets
okay there are many forms of payment I
didn't say how so here is the follow-up
question that the Wall Street Journal
asked and I'm so glad they asked it
could you give us an example and here's
what Trump said they can pay for it
through as an example they can pay for
it indirectly through NAFTA okay you
know we make a good deal on NAFTA say
I'm going to take a small percentage of
that money and it's going to go toward
the wall guess what Mexico's pain here's
the thing that answer is not good enough
for me be specific about what that NAFTA
deal would entail right just saying oh
I'm going to negotiate a good deal with
NAFTA and through that good deal I'm
gonna take a portion of it it's gonna
pay for the wall and their indirect but
no you are asking Congress explicitly
asking Congress to give you one point
nine billion dollars to begin funding
that wall off the backs of US taxpayers
that is the antithesis of what you
claimed you were gonna do when you were
running that's what I was just gonna say
that his major talking point when he was
running in 2016 saying that if you elect
me I'll get rid of all these trade
agreements the TPP anyhow
that wedge against Hillary Clinton the
fact that she had initially signed on to
TPP and he said he was gonna get rid of
NAFTA and as you said all of a sudden
now it's gonna go on our backs and the
taxpayers are going to have to front the
the burden of something that you know
maybe less than half ask for I don't
even want a percentage of the
favorability of the wall but it just
doesn't sell well the idea that you're
going to renegotiate NAFTA in this
fantasy world and have this windfall of
profit that's coming your way who thinks
that a good way to use that profit is
for a wall there's so much other stuff
that's a better easier sell for him wait
wait did we are we gonna get to the
vicious river sports there was so much
in this interview so I don't have that
prepared but he did go from talking
about you know how in the election he
kept mentioning how we need to build a
wall along the border never discussed
treacherous terrain never discussed
rivers or mountains nothing he just said
I'm gonna build a wall to be a great big
wall it could be really high he never
talked about the transparency of that
wall he never talked about anything
specific just that he was gonna build
this wall is gonna be a big beautiful
wall that secures our borders and now
all of a sudden in this Wall Street
Journal interview he starts talking
about how it's not gonna be a wall along
the entire border because of that
treacherous terrain Oh shocking because
we got mountains we have mountains those
mean business so actually I have a
little bit of that so let's go to his
answer regarding this border situation
the other thing so the wall by the way
it's really hard to read what he says
because he speaks in a strange way the
other thing so the wall the walls never
meant to be 2,100 miles long we have
mountains that are far better than we
have violent rivers that nobody goes
near we have areas and then he just kind
of stops himself now on the wall we have
cameras and we have highly sophisticated
equipment but the wall the Border Patrol
tells me the other ways
or expensive it's not less expensive we
have to have vision through the wall
okay so you can go to an area that
doesn't have a wall and just say mr.
president do you like the wall it's a
transparent wall just like you asked see
right through it
this is going to be state of the art
wall I love that this is going to let's
go to the graphic 68 this is his actual
statement this is a transcript of what
he told The Wall Street Journal this is
going to be state of the art wall this
will be state of the art but I can fully
understand why you'd have to have vision
I'd like to be able to see three or four
hundred yards instead of where at
instead of we're at a wall we have no
idea who's on the other side does this
make sense or am I just wasting my time
it does not make sense
you are wasting everyone's time I mean
if it's longer than a tweet it's
probably really hard for him to
construct a sentence okay okay so he has
a communications director as all
presidents do and should have his
communications directors hope Hicks
we've spoken about her on the show
before and so he apparently turned to
her for validation during this portion
of the question and answer and hope
Hicks validated him by saying the
following and this is an exact
transcript of what she said it's what
you've always talked it's consistent
with what you've always said that's her
job
yeah she and the communications director
for the President of the United States
it's what you've always talked
I'm not look I'm not one of these people
who sits there nitpicks grammar and
spelling and I'm I I get it that's
annoying but I mean your communications
director should have the ability to
effectively communicate and in turn help
you effectively come you have a dog yeah
yes he's the best thing and how do you
talk to your dog like a bit like like a
baby yeah this has happened to hoped
hope Hicks with the president you know
how if you're in a relationship you have
this shorthand this weird talking in
some of their speech patterns
subconsciously make their way into how
you
talk hope Hicks is probably going home
and going like oh my god I can't put
sentences together anymore because I
spend it so much time around that guy
yeah it's what you've always taught it's
what he's always taught yeah there is
something that has happened so you go to
your computer open up the or your iPad
or your cell phone and you open up this
transcript and you start reading there
will come a time where you get really
tired of reading that's when you need to
continue because that's also where the
president gets really tired of focusing
and it he hasn't focused much already
but that's when it starts to get batshit
crazy yes it starts to make even less
sense I want to tell you what the reason
I'm shuffling my papers is cuz I dropped
them and they all got out of order I put
them together in a random order and they
don't make less sense than they did what
I was just going to say probably is the
same kind of consistency or
inconsistency you're right and so you
know there was the border talk and then
he wants to talk a little bit about daca
and this really stood out to me because
he believes that there is a difference
between the daca demographic and
dreamers he thinks those are two
completely different groups don't
believe me here's what he had to say
there's a lot of there's a lot of
there's a big difference first of all
there's a big difference between daca
and dreamers okay dreamers are different
and I want American kids to be dreamers
also by the way I want American kids to
be dreamers also but there's a big
difference between daca and dreamers and
a lot of times when I was with certain
Democrats they kept using the word
dreamer I said please use the word daca
you know it's a totally different word
someone told him this someone said this
you know there's the DREAM Act and
there's daca and he was like oh really
I'm gonna run with that doesn't
understand like the fundamental anything
that's what it is someone said something
similar to this to him that was he took
a threatened wrong and then and and he
was called out on it and now he wants to
call everyone else out on it it's like
when you teach your kid unless
and then you hear them use your words
telling someone else that they're wrong
and you're like I didn't really
understand when I was talking about but
at least they seem to be learning
something yeah I this really really
concerns me and again
it's gone from just utter disdain toward
him and you know a lot of the focus in
for my perception was about how
deplorable he is right but but you read
this interview and again I want to
really emphasize that it concerns me and
this is not the mind of someone who's
focused who's knowledgeable who's
competent who's fit for office I just
really worry that he is you know pushing
for legislation and orchestrating
certain policies when he has absolutely
no understanding of the fundamentals of
those policies I got no clue no he isn't
able to learn and he has no interest in
learning his his interest is just being
a showman and the other thing that comes
across with this is his obsession with
Obama I've never heard a leader talk
about the previous administration so
much and size themselves up to it as
much as Trump seems to think is
necessary again as part of the like
inconsistent ramblings that make up or
constitute the totality of this piece he
just throws in well that's different
than the Obama administration there's
this weird obsession of sizing himself
up compared to President Obama and I
that's why he undoes everything that
Obama has done yeah that's why he you
know immediately goes back to oh look at
what I was able to accomplish look what
happened in the stock market under my
administration versus a stock market
under Obama's administration there's a
lot of emphasis on comparing himself to
Obama throughout this entire interview
and it's not you know it's not
exclusively evident in this interview
you see it all the time he does it all
the time you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a
tea white tea network.com slash join
