Donald Trump it it turns out actually if
you do a little bit of digging I don't
know exactly why he thinks what he
thinks about Haitians but if we want to
talk about actual real life experience
how this has affected him as a business
person and as an individual there's some
interesting little footnotes a New
Yorker report found that of 64 foreign
workers expected to be brought in to
help staff at mar-a-lago they tend to
come from two countries Haiti and
Romania so he says how do we need more
Haitians I guess in terms of mar-a-lago
they do a lot of the workers come from
they're interested and far more
importantly though according to BuzzFeed
news the Haitian government complained
in the 1980s that former dictator
jean-claude Duvalier laundered money
stolen from the Caribbean nations
Treasury by purchasing an apartment in
Trump Tower he was overthrown in 1986
but three years earlier used a
Panamanian shell company called Lhasa
trade and Finance to buy apartment 54k
in Trump's Manhattan tower for almost
half a million dollars
Trump signed the deed of sale and so
when it came to taking money that had
been stolen from the Haitian people by a
dictator he did do that but to be fair
that that makes it seem as if he was
looking for Haitian money-laundering
which is not true federal prosecutors
also charged a a Russian native in 1984
with laundering the proceeds from a
gasoline bootlegging operation through
five Trump Tower condos in a larger
sense trouble Taj Mahal Casino was
charged under anti money laundering
regulations 106 times in 1990 1991 for
allowing basically Chip cashing out to
be used to money launder and recently
and there's been some great journal is
about about this records show more than
1,300 Trump condos have been purchased
through shell companies which allow
fires to shield their finances and
identities and without a mortgage which
protects buyers from lender inquiries
now historically going back to the 80s
20% of his real estate sales have been
conducted through shell companies like
that however in the past year 70% of
buyers have used that tactic it is
entirely possible that some of those
individuals just don't want their name
associated with Donald Trump it's also
possible that this is being used as a
way to give money to Donald Trump that
is then going to be repaid in government
policy of some form and obviously
historically we have a lot of that in
the form of campaign donations but if
you can just buy a multi-million dollar
condo that's a much faster and more
direct way to hand money over
to a politician that you'd like to
influence so why not just hired and
Trump to give a speech you could do that
they'll even come to your shithole now
they're enough money yeah the problem is
that then I mean if you're willing if
you want to hide your name having him
come is yeah get some yeah it's gonna
get some out there you just watch the
video by the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
