one thing that I've been saying on the
show for a long time is it's not just
that we're worried about climate change
in the utter destruction and could view
the planet and is doing to the planet as
we speak right now it's also that it
bothers me that the oil companies the
fossil fuel companies that have
contributed so much to climate change
keep all the profits and they socialize
the cost to all of us so it's like a
smoker that's blowing smoke in your face
non-stop but I didn't ask for your
cancer you want to have cancer that's
your business
but don't give me your cancer so but the
oil companies are doing it worldwide now
if they shared the profits and we all
agreed to it and say well you know what
look I'm gonna make an extra 10 bucks
this year or 100 bucks but the planets
gonna last way shorter than we expected
okay that's one question but that's not
what happened they took all of the
profits and they put all the costs on
top of our heads so finally today New
York City is saying not gonna take it
anymore I'm not gonna let you socialize
all the costs if you're making all the
profits you're gonna pay all the costs
so they launched a lawsuit
now there's two great parts of this
story so let's talk about the first one
which is the suit trying to hold these
guys accountable Washington Post
explains the New York City Government is
suing the world's five largest publicly
traded oil companies seeking to hold
them responsible for present and future
damage to the city from climate change
and there are real numbers and they're
tangible and we're gonna get to them in
a second the suit filed Tuesday against
BP Chevron ConocoPhillips Exxon Mobil
and Royal Dutch Shell claims the
companies together produced this is a
stunning number eleven percent of all of
global warming gases through the oil and
gas products they have sold over the
years Wow eleven percent of the whole
total is just those five companies it
also charges the companies in the
industry they are a part of have known
for some time about the consequences but
sought to obscure them that's a
different story we covered on the show a
little while back that Exxon Mobil back
when it were two separate companies
especially Exxon had all this research
saying yes this is gonna be climate
change yes it's gonna be man-made yes
we're contributing to it so let's not
really tell people so there is a lot of
evidence about
and look luckily they're gonna go to
court they're gonna present that
evidence if Exxon has better evidence
they'll sort it out in court
but I think they're in a world of hurt
and that's why they're panicked about
this case I'll get to their statement in
one sec in this litigation the city
seeks to shift the cost of protecting
the city from climate change impacts
back on to the companies that have done
nearly all they could to create this
existential threat that's the government
lawsuit stating that seems very logical
you you created the cost you'll bear the
cost
capitalism baby so now New York City is
not the first one to do but this is a
major case some cities and counties in
California had already done it and
ExxonMobil had responded by saying that
those lawsuits were quote a violation of
Exxon Mobil's civil rights oh yeah I
know Exxon Mobil a veritable Martin
Luther King I don't know if you know
this you're not a person there is no mr.
Exxon there is no mr. Mobil okay you're
a corporation it is a legal fiction your
job is to maximize profits and you have
done it at our cost but you don't have
any civil rights I know that the Supreme
Court being taken over by corporate
interests say that you are a human being
now but the rest of us do not agree
I've given countless speeches and I've
asked all those thousands of people in
all those rooms to raise their hands if
any of them thought our corporation was
a person or a human being no one has
ever raised their hand
no one ever I'm sure MIT Romney would I
guess five guys in the Supreme Court
would and a whole slew of Republican
politicians would but the rest of us
don't think you have civil rights you
have the legal rights that we chose to
gain give you you don't have any
inalienable rights endowed by your
Creator we're your Creator so it's about
time we fought back now more from the
new york city government lawsuit they
say to deal with the future with what
the future will inevitably bring the
city must build sea walls levees dunes
and other coastal armament and elevate
and harden a vast array of city-owned
structures properties and parks along
this coastline the cost of these largely
unfunded projects run to many billions
of dollars
and far exceed the city's resources now
in the movie Inconvenient Truth there
was a scene where lower Manhattan gets
flooded the right wing laughs postures
and inconvenience sequel just came out a
little while ago and an inconvenience
sequel you see in superstorm sandy where
lower Manhattan including Ground Zero
gets flooded so New York is saying look
I already paid billions of dollars in
damages hey that's the damages I already
had and then I have to build all these
new armaments and levies etc well who's
gonna pay me for that those are New York
City taxpayers why should they bear the
cost when they're not getting any of the
profits
okay so Washington Post reports at a
news conference Wednesday afternoon New
York City Mayor Bill DeBlasio focused on
the devastation caused by Hurricane
sandy in 2012 calling it a tragedy
wrought by the actions of the fossil
fuel companies he detailed 44 people who
died in New York as a result of Sandy as
well as the estimated 19 billion dollars
in damage it caused that is the face of
climate change he said that is what it
means in human and real terms so that's
fantastic that he points that out
unfortunately I'm never gonna get those
lives back and I look we're not
Republicans we understand that not one
weather event defines whether we have
climate change or not but in aggregate
with all the hurricanes and the super
storms and the fires and the droughts
and all that we have had and all the
record temperatures over these last 20
years or so it is clear that we're not
going to get climate change later we're
getting it right now we're in the middle
of climate change so it's about time
again that somebody fought back now they
did fought back in a second way to
that's really important Washington Post
again explains about the lawsuit in
addition to the litigation officials
said they expect to divest up to five
billion dollars in investments from as
many as 190 companies with fossil fuel
ties even as they promise to maintain
their fiduciary duty to New York's
pensioners it's a great point why are we
taking all this money from progressive
areas like New York and California who
agree to any of these fossil fuel
companies actions and then putting
patient money into those companies
there's no reason to do that there are
plenty of companies in the world and
plenty of way to make great return for
those pensions you don't need those
particularly heinous companies the fact
they withdrawn from that and hey look if
you're a conservative you should love it
that's a free market it's a free market
talking they talked with their
pocketbook they have every right to do
that and and that's how you can make
actually a huge financial impact so this
is a wonderful development by the way
look there I know there are sponsors but
there's many great companies like
aspiration com who have already
withdrawn from fossil fuel companies and
say hey look we're not gonna put any
money into those fossil fuel companies
and if you deposit your money with us
you could make sure that it is clean
they're not the only ones doing it
there's now it's a it's a trend some
clean progressive companies are doing it
and and now governments are doing it
with huge pension funds and I think that
it could make all the difference so it's
a good day in America now the the fight
has been joined against climate change
in a real way in a practical way you
just watch the video by The Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
