so today the House voted on FISA
extension this is warrantless
wiretapping I'm gonna give you all the
details of the unconstitutional nature
of this vote to begin with it was
supposed to be a close vote because
there was some libertarian Republicans
like Justin Amash and Mark meadows who
were fighting against it and certainly a
lot of true progressives who were
fighting against this and and Donald
Trump for a second it looked like had
done the right thing but then he went
back on it and said no no the White
House supports this in fact he said it
in this tweet he said with that being
said I have personally directed the fix
to the unmasking processes taking office
and today's vote is about foreign
surveillance of foreign bad guys on
foreign land we need it get smart well
that's not actually true and so Colin
calm bakker at law and crime with a
really good article about this
explaining the details and a culpability
of all the Republicans and Democrats who
voted for it
he explains today's vote was not about
foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys
on foreign land as Trump said rather
today's vote was about section 702 of
FISA which largely concerns
unconstitutional surveillance of
Americans and he goes on to explain the
law initially passed to retroactively
Lee legalized a crime of george w bush
administration after they were revealed
publicly section 702 was then
reauthorized solidified and became part
of the bipartisan consensus by Barack
Obama in his Democratic Party super
majorities in Congress in 2009 see
that's real journalism explaining what
both parties did wrong and and we
greatly protested it at the time and we
took a lot of heat for it because at the
time people were saying no that's our
beloved Barack Obama and and the
Republicans are attacking him you have
to support blindly everything that he
says what we didn't support it we
thought it was unconstitutional back
then it still unconstitutional today it
was unconstitutional when george w bush
did it it was unconstitutional when
Barack Obama did it and now Trump has
joined that course as well but when
Obama went
Bush's crimes it was really
stomach-churning
and that's what happened and they
continued to do today including Nancy
Pelosi so let me give you more details
they argue Karl Barker says without
credibility that the focus of section
702 is on foreigners this is not really
true and not particularly germane the US
Constitution protects everyone on
American soil or under US jurisdiction
the enumerated rights are not supposed
to be limited to Americans alone see
that's very important because even if
it's communications with an American
citizen and a foreigner first of all
there's an American citizen involved
that person has rights
now those rights they're Fourth
Amendment rights are gone second of all
they're saying well we can intercept it
because the line goes through America
it's in American jurisdiction but if
it's in American jurisdiction then the
Fourth Amendment applies and Congress is
collectively decided yeah that's a good
point on the other hand we don't care
about the Constitution this is one of
the most clearly unconstitutional laws
we've ever seen and as usual if you've
got bipartisan agreement in this corrupt
Congress as I've told you for now over a
decade watch out if they agree to
something bipartisan it is usually
something horrific so section 702 allows
intelligence agencies to choose their
targets without disclosing or defending
them in court the FISC
approves a set of rules and procedures
once a year and the government promises
to follow them but the government does
not have to tell a judge who it is
spying on or why see that's not how a
democracy and a liberal democracy like
ours is supposed to work more important
than anything else a constitutional
democracy there are supposed to be
safeguards for the citizens from the
power of the government if you're a
liberal you should believe that 100% if
you're a conservative you should believe
that 100% it's supposed to protect us
against government intrusion
whether it's authoritarian government or
big government most of section 702
surveillance actually conducted has
nothing to do with foreigners or
terrorists of any sort the vast majority
of alleged unintentional targets are
regular Internet users in the United
States by a measurer measure of nearly
one according to a 2014 report by the
Washington Post
so both the wines impose income bakker
here doing a great job of explaining
what the reality is they're spying in on
us and then when you ask him well who
are you spying in on it's a secret so
let's talk about the Fourth Amendment a
little bit more specifically the Fourth
Amendment is at heart comebacker
explains a prohibition against general
warrants only particular i's warrants
are permissible and must be based upon
probable cause supported by oath or
affirmation and particularly describing
searched and the persons or things to be
seized that's a direct quote there from
the Constitution there's a reason for
that
because we wanted to escape the rule of
tyrants so that's why we put into the
Constitution if the government would
like to search our property or seize our
property you have to tell us where when
what and it has to be specific it cannot
be a general warrant because tyrants
used to do general warrants I'm gonna
get all your information and I and I'm
gonna keep it secret and I'm gonna use
it against you and there's nothing you
could do about it
that is not a constitution that is one
that is liberal or progressive or
conservative or American it's just not
how we were supposed to do things in
this country now look it gets even worse
because Senator Ron Wyden had explained
why he wanted to do an amendment of this
bill so let's explain the amendment and
show you why it's worse the bill reforms
section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act to ant warrantless
backdoor searches of American calls
emails texts and other communications
that are routinely swept up under a
program designed to spy on foreign
targets so it was called the USA Rights
Act and it was supposed to revise FISA
now look I think the original bill was a
disaster I would vote no on it and and
and enthusiastically so but at a minimum
Wyden said okay look if you claim that
you're not doing warrantless wiretap of
American citizens great I have this
thing called the USA Rights Act and
widened by the way Democrat from Oregon
give him credit
for being on the right side of this and
a lot of Democrats were on the right
side this is some libertarian
Republicans were give all of them credit
okay now so he said I'm gonna introduce
this thing it's easy you could just
prove right away that this is not an
issue you pass my amendment and it says
that you are not taking American
citizens information illegally they
wouldn't pass it the USA Rights Act
failed today that failure occurred in
large part due the votes of House
Democrats they voted it down they said
yeah you want to do warrantless
wiretapping of Americans go for it
that's the whole point anyway we just
took something that was illegal and
unconstitutional that George Bush did
and should have actually suffered legal
consequences for retro actively made it
legal as shredded the Constitution 65
Democrats in the House voted for it they
should all lose their jobs
look all the Republicans who voted for
it should lose their jobs too and a
great number of them voted for it as
well and I don't get me wrong I am not
letting those 191 Republicans off the
hook and there are more Republicans who
voted for it obviously oh about three
times as much as Democrats they should
also lose their jobs and if you're true
conservative out there and you have been
saying your whole life that you love the
Constitution you should fill those bums
out but that also applies to
progressives like Nancy Pelosi and Adam
Schiff and all those people who claim to
be progressive but in reality our
establishment Democrats that love
government power and love the ability to
abuse that power against American
citizens now real progressives like ROH
Khanna tweeted this today when Justice
Amash and Meadows those are the
libertarian Republicans chair the
freedom caucus vote against surveillance
but scores of Democrats vote for it then
it is fair to ask what does our party
stand for if we can't be unifying around
the principle of civil liberties then
what is the soul of our party
fortunately that is a great great
question and one question that Democrats
should be grappling with today and
largely unfortunately for those
establishment Democrats the soul of
their party is about corporate donors
and state power and it is not what
progressives signed up for
if establishment Democrats are wondering
what we are so upset about and why we
don't support them blindly and we don't
bow our heads to them this is among the
many reasons why you're supposed to
fight for us not for power and more
power to the already powerful what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash joint
