now yesterday I told you about Dianne
Feinstein and how she released the
testimony of the guy who runs fusion GPS
and that's really important they're the
ones that commissioned that dossier that
has all those controversial points about
Donald Trump that was the Oppo research
where they said that he had people in
his campaign like Carter Page who was
meeting with Russia's in Moscow that
part proved to be absolutely true there
were some parts that are still up in the
air like the p f-- infamous p tape we
don't know but the republicans were
trying to smear that memo and the FBI
more importantly and how they use that
memo now i thought it was a bit of a
open question whether releasing those
ten hours of testimony that feinstein
did unilaterally was a good idea because
it might dissuade people for like Jared
Kushner from testifying in front of that
committee later I thought it was a mixed
bag I know that some progressives were
happy about it well the one thing that I
was sure about was by signing her bones
is establishment figure and she does not
like to release that kind of testimony
normally and I'm sure that it bothered
her and and not in a good way
my guess and I explained this yesterday
on the show was she's in a tough primary
so she thought her staff convinced her
probably you got to release this stuff
progressives will be happy about it she
did it but it's not in her nature she
loves the government she loves this that
was me she loves secrecy she loves
warrantless wiretapping she's voted for
all those things a thousand times in her
career so it wasn't in her nature so
guess what she did today backpedal
backpedal backpedal but it's a beauty of
a backpedal not only did she release
those in public but she did not ask
Chuck Grassley who's the chair of the
Judiciary Committee in the Senate who's
a Republican that's other things she
loves bipartisanship where she could
agree with the Republicans it's her
favorite thing in the world so she took
some heat from the Republicans on that
and today she's like oh so sorry
what to my beloved Republican friends
but get a load of excused quote the one
regret I have is that I should have
spoke with Senator Grassley before
and I don't make an excuse but I've had
a bad cold and maybe that slowed down my
mental facilities a little bit Wow okay
that is not a good excuse and when
you're 84 years old not what I would
have used when you spend about 50 years
in politics not that what I would have
used what we're having conversations
about the 25th amendment in regards to
Donald Trump not the excuse I want to
use I'm having trouble with my mental
facilities okay look to say that that
was the wrong way to handle this is an
understatement but more importantly the
core in the substance of the story she's
got a primary opponent that's a real
threat for the first time in a long time
so she goes to the left a little bit but
it's not in her it's not in her heart
she can't go left so she's a guy had a
cold I had problems with being mental
but Republicans I'm so sorry I love you
guys I didn't mean to release and Chuck
Grassley you're my best friend I love
being bipartisan with you remember when
we voted for the Bush tax cuts entered
Iraq war together and that we voted to
get rid of the estate tax together
please Chuck forgive me I was mental
she's one of the most conservative
Democrats of our lifetime so whenever
she goes left it lasts for about
literally in this case about 24 hours
and then she goes right back to where
she's comfortable right next to the
right wing by the way if you're
wondering who that primary opponent is
it's Allison Hartson and she is
and obviously Feinstein is feeling the
heat to some degree and here are the
links if you are so inclined for Allison
arson and those links will be in the
description box below on YouTube and
also on the conversation and Facebook
establishment appears to be a little
worried but to be fair to them they
apparently have a head cold okay
on the night of the election I'm looking
forward to Feinstein saying well look I
had to 26 year run in the Senate and
yeah I was deeply conservative in a very
very progressive state and I got my ass
handed to me but on the other hand I had
a cold I had trouble with my mental
facilities if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person or you might say
I think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me Qi tea
network.com slash joy
