a Google engineer who was fired for
spreading a controversial memo in regard
to gender differences and why women are
less likely to be engineers is now
firing Google for it I'm sorry suing
Google for its decision to fire him
fired
James d'amour is his name and if you can
remember the coverage we did at the
story I was the only one who defended
him because I read the full memo and I
didn't think that it was being portrayed
accurately by other media organizations
I honestly did not think he should be
fired
however the lawsuit has a couple of
things that I think are worth dissecting
and maybe I changed my mind about him a
little bit so let's get to that he is
doing because he feels that Google is
purposefully discriminating against
white conservative males and so let me
give you the case d'amore said in a
lawsuit filed in Santa Clara Superior
Court that the search giant quote
singled out mistreated and
systematically punished and terminated
employees who deviated from the
company's view on diversity d'amour and
a second plaintiff David Goodman another
former Google engineer are seeking
class-action status for anyone who
identifies as conservative Caucasian or
male now so far the lawyer representing
them and hoping for this class-action
lawsuit has not found any other former
or current Google employees who fit this
you know fit this description and want
to sue and want to sue that's what I
meant yeah so here are some other
accusations that were filed in this
lawsuit
Google's management goes to extreme and
illegal lengths to encourage hiring
managers to take protected categories
such as race and/or gender into
consideration as determinative hiring
factors to the detriment of Caucasian
and male employees and potential
employees at Google so but it's mostly
employed by white men isn't it I mean
and and by the way I don't want
men to be discriminated against right
and I certainly don't and but and let me
also be clear about something there are
accusations in the lawsuit that they get
they don't use the word bullied but that
they get insulted and ridiculed openly
and I don't want that to happen to
anyone I don't care if you're
conservative I don't care if you're
white I don't give you're black
it doesn't matter no one should have to
deal with that type of environment they
have to prove it in this case obviously
but that is what they're alleging let me
give you some more details they claim
that the presence of Caucasians and
males was mocked with booze during
company-wide weekly meetings if they can
prove that that's terrible
like why I believe that is not that
great a hostile work environment but
again they have to be that's bad
the more frames himself as a model
Google employee who received eight
performance bonuses oh man and one
hundred fifty thousand dollars per year
in stock it's in stock bonuses guys in
stock bonuses that's not his salary that
we're talking stock bonus a week I'm not
I'm not gonna I am not smart enough to
be a Google engineer I would admit that
I took computer programming in college
but I'm a white male so probably it was
discrimination and stuff I didn't have a
computer in college so did anyone Bob
Curtis in the Jacksonville on my Hall
yeah then Peter he had an apple 2e it
was the second one right so here's where
d'amour really starts to lose me d'amour
was surprised by Google's position on
blatantly taking gender into
consideration during the hiring and
promotion processes but why is that a
bad thing I like it look if Google was a
company that demonstrated that they have
like a 75% female workforce and they're
like you know what we don't want any
more white dudes like we just want women
and minorities and we're actively going
to extreme lengths to not hire white men
then I think you have a case but but the
biggest argument against Google has been
that they don't have enough diversity
and the numbers you know prove that and
it's just interesting that look there
they're being pushed to consider gender
because people want equal representation
within this giant corporation and the
Equal Pay thing at Google is really this
shouldn't cloud that because that's
legitimate I mean I don't know how
frivolous this is and god forbid I ever
say anything is a frivolous lawsuit
again right John but the I don't know
what I'm talking about now but but they
give the goo the the genitive the pay
gap is incredible and that is something
that's a real problem at Google that has
to be addressed and this kind of stuff
shouldn't distract from so there are two
lawsuits there's this lawsuit that we're
talking about right now and then there
was a lawsuit filed in regard to that
pay gap and so you have like two
lawsuits that represent extreme ends of
the spectrum and we'll see how it plays
out but based on what I've read from
d'amore so far look I don't think he
should have been fired I'm gonna be
clear about that however he's not really
making a strong case that there is like
blatant terrible discrimination against
men at Google yeah he could do that
theoretically if the boos were happening
at weekly meetings it sounds like there
were a lot of people there are a lot of
witnesses they could talk to people
right if this stuff was happening that
would be bad but if it seems like he's
trying to make the case that the tech
industry has been taken over by gay
black women and I have a feeling that's
not actually the case yeah I mean it's
predominantly white men I was looking
for your programming student I've read
about Silicon Valley if it goes to the
lengths that he is describing then fine
you can do something at that point but
there is like a misconception lurking
behind his lawsuit and inside his brain
the ideas he wants to get to a point
where white men have an equal chance and
they don't right now but the reason that
gender is being taken into account is
because we are not unbiased in the way
we hire historically basically from the
first time a monkey started walking
upright - like six months ago when you
would go in to get a job the person that
was considering hiring you is there
running all of these different things to
their brain and whether you're
attractive or not whether you're tall or
not what your race is what your gender
all of that is influencing the chance of
you being hiring that is the default
position for Humanity
these new policies are attempting to
create something more equal not
something more by something more equal
so here's where he completely loses me
d'amour also says that he felt forced to
attend and participate in diversity
training events yeah yeah that's what
everyone does I have to do it everyone
has to do I mean I have to do a two-hour
sexual harassment training tonight after
this show it's like a super heart of
corporate life like it's I mean kind I
kind of want to I mean why should I have
to take a two-hour class because you
dudes like you know well I walked in
here I walked in here but I was booed as
a white guy walking in that wasn't about
race all right and then finally the
lawsuit is alleging that the company
keeps or maintained separate lists of
conservative personalities including
conspiracy theorists Alex Jones to
prevent them from stepping foot on
Google's campus good and you know why
that's good because I don't know exhibit
a take a look at this disingenuous faith
the false back Defiler a betrayer a
backstabber a devil you will pay yeah
you think I don't see your face gun you
know they got on see you Delta Cu you
understand me I know what you think of
me in my family right back you
understand that you understand that
Delta
bring humanity down God is going to just
throw you Oh get him up screen so he'll
just please God free us from them
they're drunk on our children's blood
for God's sake stop right now yeah maybe
maybe don't name alex jones in your
lawsuit if you're trying to make a case
that it was being discriminated if you
were gonna compile a list of the people
who would bring down humanity brian
Stelter is like like in the 30s tops
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
