today in a televised meeting with both
Democrats and Republicans president
Trump laid out sort of a vague roadmap
for how their immigration reform process
is going to go forward into the future
here is discussion about one of the
prime components that that's getting
thankfully a lot of coverage these days
is the the need to codify daca into law
once again a lot of people at risk of
losing a protected status and here are
his thoughts about that being a part of
the reform and I don't know how you
would feel about this but I'd like to
ask the question what about a clean daca
bill now and with a commitment that we
go in to a comprehensive immigration
reform procedure I think that's
basically what dick is said we're going
to come up with daca we're gonna do daca
and then we can start immediately on the
Phase two which would be comprehensive
but I think we have to do your voice
your folks are gonna have to come up
with the solution and if you do I'm
gonna sign that solution we have a lot
of smart people in this room we need to
take care of these doctor kids and we
all agree on that eighty six percent of
the American public agrees on that when
this group comes back hopefully with
that agreement this group and others
from the Senate from the house comes
back with an agreement I'm signing it I
mean I will be signing it I'm not going
to say oh gee I want this or what that
I'll be signing it because I have a lot
of confidence in the people in this room
that you're gonna come up with something
really good my guy is to say wow he
sounds like a great negotiator well but
I also this perhaps this is him
recognizing that he doesn't know
anything about this topic it's more
likely that he's just not interested
it's also I thought and I don't know if
you saw it the same way coming out of
the conversation we had yesterday people
had over the weekend of his sort of
mental clarity right he seemed on today
like it seemed like that the White House
said we're gonna broadcast this thing
people were able to watch it he seemed
better he didn't seem like someone who
didn't know what was going on except
when it came to what it was like he put
forward a good face but he clearly is
gonna piss people off by what he did and
he clearly made some mistakes and the
clear
we doesn't really know the issues so
what are the mistakes that he made well
I mean the mistakes he made politically
from him from where he's sitting is
everything you just saw there because
they're gonna be right-wing Republicans
of what the hell was that about doing a
clean dr. akley talk about about finding
a path to citizenship that some people
don't even think they should have yeah
so I think that's important yeah
remember his base has no compassion for
the daca recipients so when he you know
rescinded their protection they were
celebrating it and so it's interesting
to see how you know at least for show
he seems supportive of protecting them
and he's gone back and forth on various
occasions but it's not gonna be a clean
dockable that's another thing what you
saw during that televised meeting is
different from what's being reported in
terms of what Trump is expecting from
Democrats in order to you know give
these daca recipients the protection
that they need to remain in the country
so he wants to fund that border wall and
that will be funded if Congress signs on
to it to the tune of tens of billions of
dollars yeah yeah we have a little bit
of video about that yeah in just a bit
when I wanted to quickly make let me
just finish up is that he keeps reneging
on things that he promised his base and
they still remain loyal to him which i
think is so interesting so with the wall
okay he might still want to fight to
construct portions of that wall but he
said Mexico is gonna pay for it
obviously they're not he's asking
Congress for the funding for it and then
also he's talking about protecting daca
recipients which I hope he does but that
is not what his base wanted and they
still seem pretty supportive of him
which is fascinating yeah maybe
sorry John you've been there were up to
three times make it four there was of
course it was a full conversation that
was had in that whole meeting and
representative McCarthy Kevin McArthur
from California was sitting to down from
Trump and after Dianne Feinstein made
the point of hey we have to do this in
phases doctor first we can get this
taken care of because it will include
some kind of border security because
there's secure security and having
people here and how their families maybe
see each other he went on he interrupts
he interrupted after Trump agreed to it
in a waiver
and today I want to make sure we clear
this up hey mr. president you know she
just said she just said she wants to doc
are you really gonna agree that I don't
think that's what we want so all that's
gonna be said this is again in front of
the cameras is that Anna was pointing
out so after the cameras shut down these
are the Republicans went in and said hey
dum-dum um we know you don't understand
anything that's going on so let's
understand point this out to you you're
agreeing with Democrats right now cuz
you don't know what's being said so
they're gonna make sure he doesn't mess
up yeah exactly like he needed to be
reminded of what his position should
actually be but at the end of the day I
mean like he can say whatever he wants
but he's also saying whatever you give
me I will sign right which I call
leadership which also means them it
doesn't matter what promises he makes or
even he's saying we're gonna do daca and
then we'll have when then we'll have
comprehensive after that but he also
says that he'll accept whatever they
give him yeah which could also be
complete dodge if he doesn't think if
he's hearing behind the scenes that they
might not be able to do anything then he
didn't push for anything he was relying
on then they failed that's a way to
avoid any sort of accountability as well
I mean that they could simply do a clean
daca bill they could do that it would be
popular I mean not necessarily amongst
their base but their base isn't all
they're gonna need in these upcoming
midterm elections but they're not going
to do the the politically popular thing
and at the same time you're pointing out
the how his base continues to stay with
him it is interesting that not just the
daca thing but also a comprehensive
perhaps pathway to citizenship he said
that he wants this to be a bill of love
right just oh yes that's weird he's also
going to get to Davos soon which is like
he's doing a lot of things that you
wouldn't necessarily have expected but
that is what you get out of a person who
doesn't really have any thoughts or
positions and is just sort of I think
his brain was described as nine
fireflies buzzing around in a glass jar
I mean you get some random sufferer who
once in a while I I like to think of him
as a branch on a willow tree during a
hurricane like he's just all over the
place like what is also I've never seen
anything like this an open conversation
with the President and Democrats and
Republicans for the entirety of their
meeting it's usually at the very
beginning
that depressant at the end which i think
is nice but it's also and avos to like
the president's fine that's what they're
trying to say yeah he's fine we're gonna
put him in front of cameras we're gonna
put him from them but that's also
dangerous because the more they do that
the more he's liable to not be you know
that forget to forget his mental stuff
just make mistakes like he made today
where he seemed sharp but it's
interesting because he usually acts or
communicates in such a questionable way
that you know watching that makes it
seem as though
oh he's lucid he's not you know
insulting people he seems like he wants
to bring people together but you know
any other president the the mistakes
would be glaring that would be the first
newsstand right if you become a member
of the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now TYT Network comm /join get the
whole Yonkers show every day
