a Memphis mega church is backing one of
its pastors who was accused of sexually
assaulting a 17 year old back in the
1990s andy savage is the name of the
pastor in question and he is currently
employed at High Point Church which
again has decided to stand by him
despite these terrible allegations now
the allegations were from a woman by the
name of Jules Woodson who said that she
was assaulted by him when she was only
17 years old and went to the same church
as him he was a youth pastor at that
church at the time the woman identified
as Jules Woodson said the incident with
savage occurred in 1998 when she was a
senior in high school one night savage
offered to drive her home after a church
event but took a detour without her
consent or knowledge to a deserted
forested area savage unzipped his jeans
and pulled out his penis he asked me to
suck it I was scared and embarrassed but
I did it
I remember feeling that this must mean
Andy loved me he then asked me to
unbutton my shirt I did he started
touching me over my bra and then lifted
my bra up and began touching my breasts
after that apparently he panicked and
realized that it could get him into a
lot of trouble he got out of the car and
and begged her to never tell anyone
asked her to take this to the grave with
her and then she it really hit her that
what he had done was wrong
witson said that she was consumed by
fear shame anger and hurt she decided to
tell church leaders about the alleged
assault but they engaged in a cover-up
to protect my abuser and the image of
the church so he admitted to doing what
he did and he says that he's super
remorseful about it but that church you
know brushed under the rug and he was no
longer working there later he gets hired
by highpoint Church and apparently that
church is not worried about these
allegations at all let's go to graphic
70 for a direct statement from the mega
church was on behalf of the elders
pastors staff and trustees of High Point
I want to affirm that we are
100% committed to Andy Savage and his
continued ministry at High Point Church
I was and remain oh yeah okay so that's
what was said about the situation
another part of the statement was this
information is not new to me or to our
leadership basically yeah if you think
this is a serious thing that we should
consider already considered it don't
care yeah you know yeah well I mean it
certainly fits in with a pattern of
behavior across the country and across
the world for the past few decades I
mean they almost never seemed to
actually care when it would be
relatively easy to throw some of these
people decide to show I mean if you're
they want to demonstrate that they are
you know morally right in some cases
morally superior you've been given
opportunities to do that they just
choose not to take them unfortunately do
you have the thing about the other
sexual assault go ahead you can so
apparently Church affiliated with High
Point Church back in 2016 they were
accused of covering up alleged cases of
sexual abuse by Chris Carr while a
former youth pastor or CH for a
different church that was affiliated
with High Point so I guess after the
first time if you were gonna do anything
it would have been bent second time
maybe doesn't bother you as much you
know the sexual assault and the the you
know predatory behavior within the
Catholic Church was such a big story and
you know really tainted the image of the
Catholic Church and I feel like we've
learned nothing from it you know this is
just a small story under the radar I
don't even remember how I came across it
but it was just shocking how brazen you
know High Point Church is in regard to
these allegations which again the pastor
Andy Savage has confessed to but he's
saying well I'm remorseful and you know
I asked for redemption and Jesus gave me
Redemption so it's just fine it's fine I
want to give you his exact statement he
said I was and remained very remorseful
for the incident and deeply regret the
pain I caused her and her family as well
as the pain I caused the church in God's
kingdom he also alleged that he called
the victim's family and asked for
forgiveness and the victim said you know
that that did not happen oh it didn't
even happen
yeah it would've been weird if it
yeah so what's interesting about this is
you know while we've been talking on the
show today about this moment that we're
in socially where we're trying to fix
some of these long-standing issues where
women are harassed and assaulted people
don't listen don't find out about it
when they do they don't do anything
about it
I mean there there have been in
Hollywood obviously stories going back
decades but I would say the inside of
churches that has really been the most
egregious one and you had these huge
investigations obviously spotlight is a
great example of a movie going into some
of that and a lack of consequences but
even now that the rest of society is
starting to catch up the church which
has been dealing with us for far longer
still doesn't really care and I think go
ahead finish because I would say one of
the one of the problems look I don't
know inside of this particular church I
mean there's two ways that this guy can
go down either the leadership can throw
him aside or the people out on the you
know in the pews could turn against him
they could choose to do that and it
looks like the news is gonna be out
there I don't know those people I don't
know the church maybe they will maybe
they won't but I suspect that they won't
because again like I point out before
we're terrible at you know identifying
the greatest threats to us we're also
unfortunately regardless of everything
else about humanity were largely tribal
people who believe that our group
however we define it is right and moral
our leaders are there for a reason and
we all too often don't question that
there are a hundred percent behind them
you should never be a hundred percent
behind anybody in the world you're not
100 percent behind me no I'm like
ninety-seven percent behind you but
you're also a human and I am exercising
a human judgement in assuming that I
don't know everything about you you know
a lot but I know a lot yes I mean let me
agree with half of what you said you are
right there is some portion of the
population that is tribal in their
thinking and they will protect their own
at any and all cost and I think that
that is incredibly evident with
right-wingers okay
so hear me out on this I'm not trying to
make just the right way by the way but I
think so and the reason why I pass is
over into like look at people's like
obsession about sport like like sports
teams and stuff like that like we it
doesn't have to be a political identity
that we were tribal in regard to
it also often be it could be religious
it can be all sorts of stuff okay so
that's fair but going back to the
political aspect of it because I think
it is important I mean look at how the
right-wing protect their own it happened
with Roy Moore it happened with the
Catholic Church it certainly happens
with churches today which is evident
from the story that I just presented you
guys but you don't see the same thing on
the left when it comes to these issues
okay with the left if someone wrote a
blog decades ago that might seem
misogynistic people on the left like oh
no no no we we reject you we reject you
bye-bye we don't like you anymore you're
done done in the case of someone like
like Woody Allen he was protected now
all the people protecting weren't
necessarily liberals or anything like
that but a lot of them probably were
Woody Allen is in a significant position
of power I know that's true I would
argue that this megachurch pastors
probably pretty powerful inside of his
community too I think there's a
difference I think that I'm not saying
there's not a difference but I'm saying
that it's not a 100 percent difference
either I think that there has been like
Fox was sort of forced to get rid of
some of their hosts liberals have been
much more willing I think to come to
groups they fold immediately totally yes
and should in most of those cases I
agree but I think that we don't all
suffer from this at the same to the same
degree but I do think that it's a flaw
of our species that we assume that if we
are part of a group we're a part of that
group because it's the right thing to be
and the right thing to do I see it all
around me I don't know it's interesting
I don't know I guess I have a very
different perspective I think that you
know there are some people with a
certain ideology that are willing to
reject their own immediately as soon as
there's a little bit of controversy or
you know a little bit of backlash and
that's concerning because while I agree
that the majority of people who have
been accused of sexual assault and rape
and it's been proven should be rejected
and should face the consequences I feel
like there have been a number of cases
where someone you know made a joke or or
wrote something that was you know maybe
ill-advised at the time and they
immediately get rejected by
people that they shouldn't be rejected
by but nonetheless my that's just my
take on it I would argue that while I
think there's a lot of different forms
of this I think that inside of the
church I think one of the reasons you've
seen it so much is that there's various
forms of power but for some reason
religious leaders and not just inside of
Christianity but in a lot of different
groups are given a sort of power that
seems not commonly necessarily but more
commonly to lead through these sorts of
abuses where it it enters into
relationships and sexuality and stuff
like that I don't know exactly why that
is but we've been seeing this since
before we were born these are the sorts
of stories coming out yeah well I hope
that the people who go to High Point
Church are aware of what's going on
and that no one leaves their daughters
alone with pastor Andy Savage because I
sir would not unfortunately if history
is any indication the person that's
likely to be heard as a result of this
is the woman who told the story yeah I
mean how many people have been
ostracized from their community
especially religious communities because
they brought allegations against popular
leaders I know I know and you know
hopefully the victim here isn't facing
any backlash at all but you're right
that is usually the the way things play
out if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole young
turks out every day
