yesterday during the Golden Globes or
immediately before the Golden Globes
Justin Timberlake had tweeted in support
of The Times up movement sharing a photo
of himself and his wife Jessica Biel but
there was a lot of backlash after he
posted that tweet even though he was
wearing black and used the times up
hashtag so first let's take a look at
the tweet and I'll explain what the
backlash is all about so there he is
very nice picture with him and Jessica
Biel and he wrote here we come and damn
my wife is hot
hashtag time's up now the backlash had
everything to do with the fact that he
recently starred in a Woody Allen movie
which was released in December of 2017
the name of the movie was Wonder Wheel
which by the way didn't get very many
good ratings I have never heard of that
movie before I haven't either so there
was a photo of Woody Allen and Woody
Allen does not have a great past there
have been some allegations against him
that unfortunately have not led to any
type of consequence or ramification
Dylan Farrow had made accusations
decades ago about how she was sexually
assaulted by him and he continues to
deny those allegations but she is
sticking to her story and she is saying
that it's disgusting that he hasn't had
to pay the price for what he did to her
I'm gonna give you her exact statement
in regard to this she said I have long
maintained that when I was seven years
old Woody Allen led me into an attic
away from the babysitter's who had been
instructed never to leave me alone with
him he then sexually assaulted me
I told the truth to the authorities then
and I have been telling it unaltered for
more than 20 years
so people are upset that Justin
Timberlake made the conscious decision
to be in a Woody Allen movie recently
while he also now is showing his support
for The Times up movement I'll give you
a couple examples of the tweets that
he's been getting one woman wrote you
starred in Woody Allen's new movie you
built a career on malicious misogyny
toward Britney Spears you left Janet
Jackson out to dry the
is pure performative fraud it's the
Britney Spears thing so it was they had
a relationship and you know he you know
put out a song about her alleging that
she cheated on him I don't know this is
nonsense stuff but but I hear what she's
singing there and the whole Janet
Jackson thing of course was the Super
Bowl performance where you know
something happened there was a wardrobe
malfunction
anyway I blame our Sikh culture and its
view towards the nudity more than just
like on that one
oh yeah I should've been a first place
they shouldn't have been a scandal but
you know Woody Allen's recent movie
didn't just start Justin Timberlake it
also very unfortunately starred Kate
Winslet who I'm a fan of Kate Winslet's
and I'm kind of sad Jim Belushi was also
in it and then another actor by the name
of David crumb Holmes yeah David
Krumholtz though even though he starred
in the Woody Allen movie as well came
out against Woody Allen following the
release of the film here's what he had
to say graphic 61 I deeply regret
working with Woody Allen on Wonder Wheel
it's one of my most heartbreaking
mistakes we can no longer let these men
represent us in entertainment politics
or any other realm they are beneath real
men and you know he got a little bit of
push back after posting that and he
respond to that pushback by saying I've
read this and watched everything he was
a hero so I was fascinated and didn't
want to believe it I'm sorry but I've
chosen to prioritize Dylan's account
over all others coupled with the
Washington Post story and his eagerness
to produce yet another tone-deaf film
and so what he's talking about at the
end of that tweet is how Woody Allen
focuses a lot on on films that have to
do with you know young teenage girls and
you know sexually explicit content
Wonder Wheel is about a woman who it's
there's similar a similar theme there so
yeah yeah look I mean people are allowed
to be bothered by the thing that they're
bothered about I mean I know some people
were also mad at him
for saying in the tweet damn my wife is
hot it seems like I don't follow them on
social media but you said that they
often frequently will do stuff like that
so it seems like just a schmoopy lovely
couple rather than tone deafness but can
i comment on that for a second yeah I
that's his wife let his wife decide
whether or not she's bothered by that
I've gotten some pushback about you know
the way like I took a photo with my
husband and in the photo he has his hand
on my butt cuz he's my husband and I
don't want it on my belly this is a
sexist misogynistic he's taking
ownership of your body
like let me decide who's taking
ownership of whom yeah yeah you're
allowed to post that you're just not a
feminist anymore okay sure if that makes
me not a feminist but I don't care I get
to decide whether or not I'm
uncomfortable with what my husband is
doing I think we should do a poll on
Twitter but in terms of coming out
against it for being in the thing in the
movie I mean you totally can do that but
there is there's a lot of movies that
he's made since people have known about
the Dylan Farrow thing there's a lot of
other people like Woody Allen that have
had a lot of stars a lot of male stars a
lot of female stars and so if we want to
include those in the people or part of
the problem we can totally do that but
we should be consistent that is a long
list incorporating a lot of the the
biggest names in Hollywood including
people who are getting a lot of credit
for other contributions they're making
to this movement I mean in his case it's
a comment saying time's up and he's
supporting his wife and all that others
are part of the legal effort to help
women who aren't famous and aren't rich
in similar sorts of situations that have
also been in movies like stuff with
Woody Allen so it's a complicated
situation it is complicated but I do
think that one of the silver linings or
more interesting take on this is the
fact that you know Woody Allen has gone
through all this unscathed at least
that's the way it appears and if this
movement is is gaining steam and people
a list celebrities who decide to star in
his movies really start to face serious
criticism that could change things that
could change the culture that could
change you know a celebrity's decision
as to whether or not he or she stars in
a Woody Allen film because remember what
he Allen is one of the filmmakers that's
had a lot of power in Hollywood and so
whether or not you decide to star in one
of his films could make or break your
career and if the culture is now
changing and people are holding him
accountable and an actors and actresses
accountable for starring in these films
that could lead to some positive changes
I don't know yeah I mean as I point out
in the production meeting of the award
that Oprah got the Cecil B deMille Award
he got in 2014 like he is still I mean
that's part of the problem obviously as
a Hollywood protects its own but I mean
like think back to a couple of years ago
if you're if you're an actress and you
can have a role in his movie you could
not do it certainly and face an
incredibly difficult and highly
competitive environment to hopefully get
another break or you could be in his
movie and hope to take what take that
you know I guess higher status and do
something positive with it so it's been
it's been difficult for a lot of people
for a lot of time Wonder Wheel as you
point out because movies of course take
years to make it's probably not a great
test case it would be interesting to see
who stars in the next one obviously one
that's cast after this movement because
of course one wheel was cast and shot
long before this moment that where as a
society right so we'll see how it plays
out but I do think it's interesting to
see how you know people are holding
celebrities accountable for the
decisions they make in their own careers
yeah what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you can get it completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
