the Trump administration has called for
an end to a program that benefited
Salvadorian refugees who had fled the
country following two massive
earthquakes in the early 2000s in 2001
to be specific under this policy which
was passed by or supported by George W
Bush about 200,000 people from El
Salvador were able to remain in the
United States and work legally because
of these earthquakes and because it was
unsafe for them to go back now the Trump
administration has come in and they are
ending the program homeland security
officials said that they were ending a
humanitarian program known as temporary
protected status for Salvadorans who had
been allowed to live and work legally in
the United States since a pair of
devastating earthquakes struck their
country in 2001
now what happens after about a year is
the sitting president will make a
decision as to whether or not the
program should be extended and over and
over again
both george w bush and obama decided to
extend the program because things did
change in el salvador the infrastructure
was for the most part rebuilt at least
that's the way it's being reported but
there were other unique issues that were
happening in the country cartel violence
had become so incredibly terrible that
it was unsafe for a lot of people to go
back and so remember these are people
who were here since at least 2001 and
many of them had had families in the
united states since then some of them
actually opened their own businesses and
employed people in the united states and
some of them even bought homes in the
united states and so an end to this
policy could mean a lot of confusion and
chaos for these individuals now the
program shielded them from deportation
if they had arrived in the United States
illegally so even if they were here
illegally following these earthquakes
they were able to stay the
administration is giving the Salvadorans
in the program until September of 2019
to get their affairs in order
so essentially they're giving them until
2019 to leave the country yeah if they
don't do that then they do risk quite a
bit by remaining here in the yes which
so let's say they do that they they you
know deal with all the the paperwork and
all that by 2019 imagine they've been
here 18 years and they have to go to a
back to a country that are they gonna
recognize it if they've been here the
whole time I mean like imagine if you I
moved to Texas lived there for like five
years now I've been in California for
about six years going back to
Connecticut it's not an option at this
point okay and that's a much smaller
change obviously than than moving across
the world setting up families having
children are their children gonna have
to go back to them with them to that
country that they've never known I mean
obviously that's the problem with the
situation with the dreamers as well and
I had kind of hoped to some extent that
with the continuing legal trouble of the
Muslim ban and with Steve Bannon leaving
the White House one of the the chief
people pushing this anti-immigrant
fervor maybe that would die down in the
White House would become a little bit
more moderate on those issues well I
might not be the case I didn't expect
that to happen because you have to also
consider the timing of this this is a
story that broke today and it was
following several days of attention
toward Michael Wolf's book fire in fury
and so the reason I bring that up is
because Trump is always looking for a
way to appease his base his core
supporters especially in the middle of
chaos that makes him look really bad and
what does his base really love about him
and I think this is separate from Steve
ban and although Steve Bannon is very
anti-immigration they love love love
hating on immigrants they love the idea
of the wall which by the way Trump has
asked Congress for 19 I think it was
billion dollars to build the border wall
that was the commerce of Mexico right ya
know for Congress of the United States
that was a story that by the way went
under the radar because of all the
attention on Michael Wolf's book but
nonetheless like these are people that
like again they have businesses in the
US they own homes in the US they have
children in the US in fact let me give
you some of the exact numbers the
beneficiaries have 190 mm
100 american-born children yeah 88%
participate in the labor force compared
with 63% of the overall United States
population which by the way it's a
pretty shocking number and nearly
elderly and children and nearly 1/4 have
a mortgage and so the question now is
well what happens with these very
complicated situations what happens to
the businesses that they've developed
and the people who are now employed
under those businesses what happens to
businesses that have employed them there
was a one employer who was worried
because it's you know construction
company and they're helping to rebuild
Texas following yeah Texas following the
Hurricanes and he's like I don't know
what I'm gonna do now I mean my
workforce will be gone and I desperately
need them to help with these rebuilding
projects yeah I mean it's a rough
situation I mean some of the Trump
supporters tell themselves that they're
just in favor of law and order and you
know too many people are here illegally
when you get rid of them of course these
people are here legally so ending the
program seems like an unnecessary way to
make them illegal and then you have a
significant portion of the country that
says they're not Americans I don't care
how long they're here get rid of
them right now that is not a majority of
the country but it's a significant part
and I think so you brought up the the
need to appease his base I think that
Trump and the Republicans are in for
some interesting times in that area
because the first year legislatively of
the Trump administration had two things
happen it had the Obamacare debacle and
it had the tax cuts and the interesting
thing about both of those were through
the arcane rules of the Senate it was
possible if you tweak the rules and if
you limited what you were trying to
change that you could get things passed
with a sheer majority they they were
effectively able to avoid the need to
break any sort of filibuster because
they were purely financial matters but
they want to overhaul immigration laws
in this country and that is not a purely
financial thing which means that if
they're going to do that they can't do
it with 51 votes which is what they have
they need 60 now they could reliably get
a couple of Republicans and democratic
clothing to sign on to any kind of
draconian immigration overhaul but they
can't get nine of them to do that
and so while he might allow this to
lapse and want to throw people on the
bus there's every chance in
world that if the nine Democrats they
need put this in as a part of it include
the the resolving the legal situation of
dhaka
obviously some other stuff he he wants
to just go fire and brimstone but in
this case his arms are tied there are at
least mitch mcconnell's are they're
going to need some of those democrats
they not only are they gonna need some
of those democrats you you have to keep
in mind that there are Republicans who
are moderate on this particular issue
that aren't as draconian on immigration
as trump is yeah that's from and so it's
it's interesting to see how things play
out I will say that I'm beyond
disappointed by Democrats so far when it
comes to the daca issue I feel like they
could have fought much harder and so
same tying into the budget
tying into the budget and you know I
want to see them fight harder and
remember that deadline is coming up very
quickly you know in March who knows what
the fate of these daca recipients will
be but I want to see more leadership
from from Democrats and more important
this is their opportunity
it is absolutely their opportunity I
hope they take it so far I will see a
lot of room for disappointment but we'll
see how it plays out it you just watch
the video by the young turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
