I'm okay this is record-breaking
stupidity on tweets so if you haven't
seen this yet buckle up here comes
Donald Trump here's what he said on
Twitter today three tweets I'll read
them to you in order and then I'll
comment on how unreal stupid they are
hey you think it's hyperbole hold hold
it's coming right now so he writes now
that Russian collusion after one year of
intense study has proven to be a total
hoax on the American public the
Democrats and their lap dogs the fake
news mainstream media are talking about
the old Ronald Reagan playbook and
screaming mental stability and
intelligence okay so far you're not
surprised by this this is normal Donald
Trump right you know fake media they're
coming after me etc hold he goes on
actually throughout my life my two
greatest assets have been mental
stability and being like really smart oh
my god hold on crooked Hillary Clinton
also played these cars very hard and as
everyone knows went down in flames I
went from a very successful businessman
to top TV star who writes one of my
greatest assets is mental stability
that's not a thing that should be an
asset everyone should just normally have
mentally stable situation in their lives
let alone if you're the president then
you should be really mentally stable who
has to write that down and drag that
it's one of the two things they're good
at if what are the two things you're
good at is being mentally stable what
you really got to work on the rest of
your life that is a really really low
bar and then he says and being like
really smart that's written down it's
one thing to say that in public just to
say it out loud oh you're not going off
a prompter and you said like really
smart and boy that sounds stupid I'm
like a smart person that's the third
time he said it in public but he wrote
down the word like I'm like really smart
okay I assume someone's doing dictation
for him but my god man like the person
doing the dictation mr. president are
you sure you want me to write the word
like in the tweet you're like really
smart
anybody gonna edit the president's tweet
before he sends it out what a moron but
we're not even at the best part third
tweet he went from very successful man
to top TV star now to the President of
the United States on my first try what a
child I think
that's genius and a very stable genius
at that one who calls himself a genius
other than a megalomaniac which genius
actually calls themselves a genius
because they actually secure Bill Gates
and eyesight didn't have to keep going
around going you know I'm really smart
I'm a genius I'm actually um it's one of
my greatest assets is that I'm a genius
geniuses don't say that because they're
actually geniuses and they know that
that's an incredibly dumb unpopular
stupid unlikable thing to say and not
likely to be true but then who adds on
top and a very stable genius the world's
most but look guys if any president any
other president had said this the Secret
Service would knock his door down make
sure he didn't have a seizure or he
didn't get captured and this is some
sort of hoax by the people who capture
the president if if we believe that
Barack Obama had written this Bill
Clinton had written this it Ronald
Reagan had written this we were
undoubtedly with Reagan definitely and
so it's bipartisan Republican or
Democrat we would definitely be having
massive conversations about whether we
should use a 25th amendment because the
president is clearly mentally unstable
who screams in the middle of the when
you're present you know up a very stable
genius look the emperor has no clothes
on the emperor has no mind left what are
we doing here we're all pretending that
the president hasn't lost his mind I
don't know if he ever had it in the
first place
but he's clearly a lunatic it's plain as
day
so 24th amendment let's go let's go
let's go 24th amendment you got to do it
right now Jamie asked his Liam effort in
Congress
everybody should sign on Republicans if
you care about your country your
presidents obviously a lunatic Mike
Pence I hate him he's a massive
right-wing or he you love Mike Pence
he's evangelical Christian he's
conservative on all these things give
taxes the rich you got to put pence in
because get him out of the bullpen this
guy's a nut and he's the President of
the United States and has the capability
to launch nuclear war we got it I think
we have a petition it's funny I will put
the link down below for our petition on
the twenty favorite man man because we
got to get a million people we got to
get a hug
million people to sign that this guy's
got to go he is literally crazy
