Michael Wolff has granted an exclusive
interview to the Today Show and in that
interview he clarified sections of his
book that I think is pretty relevant to
some of the discussions happening
throughout the country now in this next
video he talks about and elaborates this
notion that people around Trump in the
White House do not think he is competent
for the job
take a look according to your reporting
everyone around the president senior
advisors family members every single one
of them question is his intelligence and
fitness for office let me put a put a
marker in the in the sand here 100% of
the people around him Jared Kushner his
son-in-law Ivanka Trump questioned his
fitness for office every time I and I
want to be careful about who I spoke to
because the nature of this kind of book
is you kind of grant everyone an avail
but having having said that certainly
Jared and Ivanka in in their current
situation which is a in a deep legal
quagmire are putting everything on the
president not us it's him Oh see that's
to me more important than who thinks
he's an idiot I believe that if it's not
a hundred percent it's 95 percent I
can't imagine hope Hicks being asked
that question saying she thinks the
president's an idiot because she has
been stalwart in her you know that's
right I'm yeah I'd be surprised by that
to Eric and Donald Trump jr. are not in
the White House but I but I'm sure that
they would defend their dad and another
hand they're not the Paragons of of
intelligence so yeah I'm curious to hear
what Sarah Sanders Sarah Huckabee
Sanders said yes too fast but so but
look it doesn't matter if it's a hundred
percent 95 percent or 85 percent there's
overwhelming quotes none of which are
refuted that they all think that he's an
idiot okay that's easy to me the more
relevant part of that clip was Jared
Kushner and Ivanka Trump apparently
believe they're in deep legal trouble
and are saying it's not us man it's him
it's not us now if his own beloved
daughter and
son-in-law is saying that that means
he's in a world of trouble we don't
realize the depths of his legal trouble
we don't realize how not beloved they
are because some of the remarks that he
made about about Jared and even his own
daughter were not fully flattering and
fully on board and the excerpts that I
read and and in the in the book when the
first stories about the book came out I
you know based on some of the reporting
in the book I said you know it's it
would not be totally stunning at this
point if Kushner flips on him he goes
well I'm gonna get the hell out of Dodge
man this is I don't wanna go to
president remember Jared Krishna's dad
did go to prison and so probably not
fond of the idea so could he and
remember Donald Trump's a maniac so it
makes it a little easier even if you're
a son and long ago I mean look I can't
help the guy the guy's crazy
okay so yeah it's it I didn't do the
deal with Roy so he did it so we'll find
out but that's very interesting and one
to put a marker on as wolf would say so
let's hear a little more from wolf I
will tell you the one description that
that everyone gave everyone has in
common they all say he is like a child
and what they mean by that is he has a
need for immediate gratification it's
all about him so I feel like look that's
not surprising to me
we didn't rhyme that from Michael well
we didn't learn that from Michael wolf
you know obviously publicly with their
names revealed they're not gonna come
out and say these things about Trump but
the people that are working in his
administration right now are still
people you know they're not blinded by
their political ideology they're very
well aware of who Trump is because he
acts the way he acts very publicly where
we all see it you know that you know
that goes to what this book does
everybody said you know the pickup art
you can pick it apart but basically it's
the sort of the affirmation of so many
things that we have believed about Trump
as witnessed and as as sort of confirmed
to this writer it's it's helpful because
of that because it's oh it's not just me
who thinks this guy is this
yes it's everyone in his sphere everyday
because look honestly before this I I'm
hyper aware of my own bubble or my own
biases and I don't ever want that to get
in the way of doing fair coverage fair
commentary of any given topic so
sometimes you know when I would be
critical of Trump I would think about
him like am i criticizing him because I
disagree on policy or political ideology
or am i fairly criticizing him because
he's acting like a crazy person and this
you know this feedback that we're now
getting from members of the white house
makes me feel or make allows me to rest
assured that it's not about political
ideology look I disagree with
Republicans and conservatives on a wide
range of topics but I at least can have
a civil conversation with them or a
civil debate with them and and debate
the ideas with Trump it's a completely
different animal
it's how disrespectful he is how
childlike he is the need for instant
gratification the need for attention the
need to be constantly the need to
constantly have his ego stroked like all
those issues with are what stand out to
me with Trump and temper tantrum yes and
so look I give you a good counter
example Mitch McConnell can't stand him
totally corrupt works for his donors hey
I've got nothing but bad things to say
about Mitch McConnell but nobody thinks
he's a child
he's a grown-up he's an adult nobody
thinks he's stupid no he's a perfectly
bright guy in my opinion he's a bad guy
and I don't agree with any of his
policies what nobody calls him a child
or stupid that's just not not the case
so it's just that that is what Trump is
and look at now I'm gonna get a tiny bit
absurd here I like a little bit of
credit for being among the first to
point out all these things and among the
book they talk about money laundering I
mean how long have I been saying that
the real problem with Trump is not the
collusion during the elections it's the
money laundering with the Russians how
for how long have I been saying the
number one word I used was child child
Man child child and it turns out putting
aside the absurdity of giving me credit
I don't know who's
a little absurd right but but but the
important part is what Michael said
which is that so it's not our
perspective that led us to conclude that
he's a child
it's everyone around them also it's not
like they watch The Young Turks know
like I think Chang's gotta figure it out
no it's super obvious the guy's a
man-child and I guess the reason that I
point out that the thing that that I've
been saying all along is because it
drives me crazy when and I get why they
do it but when mainstream media tells us
sometimes the emperor has clothes on
like no we don't have to pretend that
he's not childlike or Z's childlike of
course he is you could see with your own
eyes and they did that with Bush Bush
versus Gore in that election back when I
was a Republican I'm like one guy is
clearly dumber than the other why won't
they say it and in the case of Trump
he's broken all the bushes records if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks show every day
