Axios is reporting that some of the
White House staffers and senior White
House officials are considering quitting
their jobs following the publication of
Michael will spoke fire and fury now
part of the reason why is because they
might be concerned about retaliation
from Donald Trump himself let me read
from Axios they write that more than
half a dozen of the more skilled White
House staff are contemplating imminent
departures many leaving are quite
fearful about the next chapter of the
Trump presidency so I bring that up
because I am curious to see how it plays
out and if you do see people resigning
and and you know those stories making
headlines soon I think that that could
also you know reinforce some of the
stuff that Michael Wolfe has written in
that book because you know if they're
worried that Trump's gonna retaliate I
would I would definitely I don't want to
stick around and have to defend a white
house that's alright fire and that's you
know it's not uncommon for people to
leave an administration after a year
anyway so you'll probably hear even
before this people were saying that they
were leaving but this in response to the
book is saying exactly what you're
saying it
Oh things are not gonna go well here now
and now would be they'd not believe well
it's not uh it's not crazy for somebody
or a couple of people to leave within a
year of an administration but this level
of people I mean already all the people
that have left speiser Priebus well they
would yeah but that they were forced out
that's a little different and that's I'm
not excited but at the end of the year
going into the one-year anniversary of
an inauguration there are typically some
you know high-level staffers that will
step away and well turnover is not is
not unusual but to this level and for
this reason of course not yeah and we'll
see yet the exodus has not begun yet it
is now being reported that some are are
considering leaving but there's a couple
of factors there one sure the book I
mean and the book has got a couple of
factors within it which is they're
quoted a lot of these guys are quoted as
saying bad things about Trump they
haven't as to the best of our knowledge
that at this moment none of them have
denied it within the White House so
that's kind of awkward
so Gary Cohen called him an idiot just
like everybody else did according to the
book
he hasn't denied it publicly so the next
time they see each other
awkward right right and so hump doesn't
read the book yeah well and and so
that's that's I don't know how you
resolve that second factor is let's keep
it real guys and when I told you from
day one once they passed the giant tax
cuts for the rich they're done with
Trump right
so especially Gary Cohen who ran goldman
sachs he went to the white house to pass
giant tax cuts for the rich and for
corporations
mission accomplished the rest is
whatever right we cut a little bit of
medicare we don't cut a little bit of
medicare we try to go after Obamacare
again whatever I got the trillions of
dollars in booty that I wanted see you
wouldn't want to be you and the third
factor is Muller's coming and who wants
to stay on that sinking ship and look at
what it says in the book even the guys
closest to them like Bannon saying it's
the money laundering stupid this is not
a little thing it's not a debate like
well certainly they'll debate it but
it's not like hey is it are you really
gonna impeach him because of some emails
the Russians hack that I guess he used
them that to me and I'm being keeping a
real Democrats think that's the biggest
thing in the world I think that's
relatively minor but if it's not a
little bit of emails here and there but
it's he took money from the Russians and
had a deal yeah you got to get the hell
out of the White House right now and
guys like Gary Cohen are not stupid
Diane Powell not stupid they got to get
out Deana yes sorry you and also but it
all comes down to the Senate when you
start losing and I said exactly what you
said to as soon as they get the tax bill
but they're they're not there yet
they're not abandoning ship yet yeah and
and so we'll see we'll see how this
develops but tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick tick and so you'll get to see
if we're right or not if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
