Jeff sessions has decided to rescind an
Obama era memo that directed federal
prosecutors to not prioritize
prosecuting States or individuals where
marijuana has been legalized for
recreational use Obama did the right
thing he said look 28 states have
legalized medical marijuana now eight
states including the District of
Columbia have legalized recreational
marijuana California just started this
year so a couple of days ago with legal
recreational marijuana it is going to be
a seven billion dollar market according
to estimates and a billion dollars of
tax money so as I said earlier in the
week it's almost done deal now once
California creates that kind of revenue
and the companies start coming in it's
over and it's already an issue in
Colorado and now Republicans are
fighting back because people are making
money off of it so that's why sessions
is in a panic he wants to reverse the
Obama ruling which said don't mess with
the local state laws now because service
should be thrilled about that because
they especially sessions he's been
saying his hookers states rights Alabama
is a right to be bad to black people
states rights
hey now when the states say ok well if
you want to take away civil rights from
African Americans which historically
Alabama and many other states did well
I'd like to have the right to you know
legalize medical or recreational
marijuana and states rights I was just
kidding no I don't give a damn about
your states rights no I'm gonna tell the
prosecutors they could go after you why
because of quotes like this session said
good people don't smoke marijuana right
oh please
as if Jeff Sessions is the arbiter of
good people you know the decider who's
good and who's not good if he was a
decider of who's good or bad among elves
okay that's a little bit more
understandable he's I mean he wouldn't
know a good person if you know he was in
a room full of Mother Teresa it's like
he has no idea what a good person is
because he is deplorable himself
now look the states rights argument is
always
conveniently used by the right-wing when
it has to do with issues that they care
about right but when it comes to issues
that they don't care about states rights
don't matter federal law trumps state
law that's all they care about but in
this case I mean think about the fact
that he already reneged on what he had
promised during his Senate during his
confirmation hearings during the
confirmation hearings
you know senators had asked him okay
do you plan on going after marijuana is
that's a priority of yours and he said
no I'm gonna leave that issue alone he
lied because obviously he's not leaving
that issue alone and he is giving
federal prosecutors the ability to go
after states that have legalized
marijuana for recreational use
now what about states that legalized it
for medicinal use are they going to
leave those states alone
they won't promise that they won't
promise that they won't go after states
that have legalized it for medicinal use
so let's get into the nitty-gritty of
what this all means let's go to graphic
59 sessions new stance will let federal
prosecutors decide how aggressively to
enforce long-standing federal law
prohibiting marijuana go to graphic 61
in deciding which marijuana activities
to prosecute under these laws with the
department's finite resources
prosecutors should follow the
well-established principles that govern
all federal prosecutions by considering
the seriousness of the crime and its
impact on the community so I would argue
that the bigger crime is locking people
up and putting them away for years based
on a drug that you can't overdose on
based on a drug that has been proven
time and time again is more safe than
alcohol is more safe than tobacco is I
would argue that's the real crime
they're using taxpayer money to go after
and prosecute individuals for possession
or sale of this in my opinion relatively
harmless drug yeah well look we did this
we did it during Prohibition we put
people in jail for drinking a beer I
mean now it sounds preposterous and in a
couple of years the idea and for a lot
of us already it sounds preposterous but
for almost everyone idea of putting
people in prison because
smoked a joint will seem insane this is
it seems insane now for oh you had a
Budweiser that is terrible and egregious
throw him in jail for years he is can
you imagine getting spending years in
jail and yes it happens we've covered
cases where people got a life sentence
for smoking pot now yeah it was that you
know there were other offenses earlier
than that etc but yes the offense that
sent them to prison for life was smoking
pot that's it's this is all insane and
just when you thought we're on the
precipice of getting beyond it 64% of
Americans think that marijuana should be
legalized 28 states is obviously the
majority of states sessions are trump
coming in going no no we don't want you
to do anything sane we're gonna bring
insanity back
invoke I mean this is crazy and and you
got to keep in mind that it's not just
California not just Colorado or
Washington State that have legalized
marijuana for recreational use we now
have eight states that have legalized
and the District of Columbia that have
legalized it for recreational use in
addition to all the other states that
have legalized it for medicinal use
California's a sale of marijuana is
expected to bring in 1 billion dollars
annually in tax revenue within the next
several years I only mentioned that
because we have a situation now in some
states where you legalize it you closely
and carefully regulated to ensure that
it doesn't end up you know in the hands
of kids which by the way during the
Prohibition of course teenagers get it
all the time it's in the black market
it's very easy to get but if you
regulate it closely and you tax it you
actually bring money in instead of waste
taxpayer money in imprisoning people for
marijuana possession Jeff Sessions is
incredibly backwards when it comes to
this issue when it comes to a number of
issues and the fact that he's
prioritizing something like this I think
says a lot about him and what he's
planning on accomplishing his Attorney
General accomplished yeah okay last
couple of things here Congress passed a
law saying don't mess with the states
that legalized it for men
purposes and sessions like that's like
your opinion meant no no you're the
attorney challenge you're supposed to
enforce the laws okay I think it's crazy
for you to go and try to mess with the
states that pass it for recreational
purposes but you're literally not
allowed to do it for the states that did
it for medical purposes like I don't
care
rule of law what's that did we run on
the rule block just kidding
and then if you if you never heard the
story it's amazing to give you a sense
of how bad a guy Jeff Sessions is he
once joked I used to like the Klan but
then I found out they smoke pot so funny
like the lynching black people not so
bad Oh smog pod that's pretty bad he
thinks he's the arbiter of good people
good or bad people yeah yeah because
good people don't smoke marijuana what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
