recently there was cold-blooded murders
that occurred in Virginia and they were
carried out by a 17 year old by the name
of Nicholas Gionta now he had shot and
killed a couple who had encouraged their
teenage daughter to stop seeing him
because they were alarmed by Nazi
propaganda that he was posting all over
social media so once he found out that
the daughter was advised to not see him
anymore he decided to show up to their
home and gun them down now he tried to
shoot himself he did shoot himself but
he did not die he is in critical
condition and if he survives the gunshot
wound then he is going to be tried as a
minor
which is interesting now let me give you
more details huffington posted an
investigation of the content that he had
posted on social media and it's pretty
alarming but to be quite honest with you
it's commonplace on platforms like
Twitter these days so by November
according to Huffington Post under his
Twitter pseudonym he was referring to
himself as a Nazi okay so just having
fun just fun ha ha Pepe the Frog Nazis
yeah it's so funny so he went under the
pseudonym Kevin gallo and his Twitter
account handle was dr. pepper 35 so as
dr. pepper 35 he tweeted about his
hatred of transgender people and his
admiration for Hitler he tweeted about
using Jews as target practice his avatar
for the Twitter account is currently a
skeleton wearing a Nazi SS military hat
by the way his Twitter account has been
suspended however the other Twitter
accounts that he would regularly retweet
that had some of this Nazi propaganda
alive and well there's tons of this
stuff on Twitter as we speak in the
summer of 2016 he told one Twitter user
to go back to the gas chamber called
another a kike and labeled several users
whom he disagreed with as cooks he
talked about globalist scum and a few
weeks later referred to a right-wing
conspiracy theory about how Hillary
literally murdered people let's note the
irony there
this guy actually did murder people he's
too innocent parents that were trying to
protect their daughter the story's so
heartbreaking it is heartbreaking it's
incredibly heartbreaking so there's more
by the way I I can't go through
everything that he's posted I'm just
giving you a snapshot of some of the
content that was on there
he also wrote I've already tough I've
already talked one this is what he said
I'm reading it verbatim I've already
talked one tranny ins a suicide and I'm
working on another another two with a
smiley face then he posted a rainbow
lynching image encouraging gay and
transgender people to commit suicide
with the hashtag trans rights are human
rights as an oxymoron because trannies
aren't people so this guy obviously has
deep-seated issues there was a poster on
a college campus a little while back
encouraging LGBT students to kill
themselves commit suicide and it had the
stats on how that community commits
suicide at greater rates and they're
like keep going and we were told at the
time oh it's just you know as we are
every time oh these Kooks and the Nazis
and they're just trolls they're just
young kids having a good time like
trying to talk other people in the
killing themselves and making them feel
miserable it's so much fun they just
trolls I don't think you going to
actually murder people right and and he
had already taken some action before he
had gunned down this couple so I want to
get to all that I want to give you all
of the you know relevant stuff that it
was found so throw out his Twitter feed
he expressed concern that white men were
at risk of losing their access to guns
by late November he was actively
advocating violence he tweeted on
November 20th that Charles Manson who
had died the day earlier did the right
thing on Thanksgiving Day he advocated
shooting transgender and Jewish people
the images I'm about to show you are
disgusting but it gives you an example
of the type of content he regularly
retweeted by the way these accounts that
he retweeted are still in existence no
problems whatsoever at least Twitter
doesn't seem to have any problems with
them so let's just go a free speech free
speech he's just talking
I mean he's advocate
violence in those and then he actually
did the violence but free speech and
then finally he also mowed a 40-foot
swastika into the grass of a community
field in his neighborhood but you know
we wouldn't need to investigate that guy
right he's not a problem and by the way
he's he's 17 he's gonna be tried as a
minor
you know how many twelve-year-old black
kids they're trying as adults over there
blacks so hey twelve-year-old blacks if
mind as well be an adult I mean well the
gangs and all this stuff
this guy's a Nazi he murdered two
innocent people but oh he's 70 a poor
kid he's a kid he's a kid if you're
black you're not a kid if you're white
you're a kid if a Muslim went on and
posted the same exact thing about using
Jews as target practice
you think he's not getting a call from
the FBI and he should goddamn right he
should you're talking about all these
Christians better not taking away my
guns as a Muslim I I'm about to do
violence and I'm gonna go kill all these
people for God's sake go investigate
what are you doing right oh he's a white
Nazi oh just having fun fun well what's
what's interesting is okay so some might
argue it's just posts on on social media
you see a ton of these posts how do you
know who to investigate why would you
waste your time you never know right but
there is precedent involving individuals
getting arrested and serving time in
jail for what they post on social media
so there was an example of a guy who had
posted heavy metal lyrics on his
Facebook page he got arrested for that
okay now luckily he didn't spend much
time in jail but there were two
individuals who were arrested in 2014
for sharing rap lyrics on Facebook and
they spent 7 months behind bars because
they couldn't afford the bail necessary
to get out and then when they finally
were able to pay the bail and get out
seven months later they had to do their
own investigation to prove that they
weren't dangerous individuals so let me
give you details on that let's go to
graphic 88 huh what a co-inky-dink Aaron
Harvey and Brandon dunk
both of them were arrested in 2014 for
writing rap lyrics on Facebook free
speech for Nazis jail for black folks
who write rap right they were arrested
in San Diego California and the police
found some obscure law in order to
justify arresting them by the way a
judge eventually threw out the case but
the law police arrested them on was
Penal Code 182 point 5 which notes gang
members with general knowledge of the
gangs criminal activities can be
prosecuted for crimes others commit as
long as they willfully benefited from
further promoted or assisted in some way
there was literally no evidence no
evidence that they were affiliated with
a gang or that they knew gang members no
evidence at all
this was completely based on rap lyrics
on their Facebook pages ok so that will
get them arrested but this Nazi guy who
not only writes stuff on Facebook but
literally goes out there and mows a
giant swastika in the grass why why
would we investigate that guy that Penal
Code might as well be called
an excuse arrest black people if you
haven't live in a neighborhood where
there is a gang and you that's your
neighborhood and there's some guys in
the neighborhood that are in gangs well
you know them and I by knowing them why
we think you further assisted them well
were you in a gang no I don't care that
you weren't any gang did you do anything
wrong no but you you know a guy and you
maybe you took a picture with him right
or maybe you wrote a rap song about him
that's good enough to arrest you cuz
you're black
now how about the Nazi gangs no Nazis
are not a gang black people are in gangs
Nazis are not in gangs
so that penal code does not apply to
them he's a poor little kid he's a tribe
as a kid he's 17 years old he gets the
murder people look do I believe in
freedom of speech of course of course
we do a talk show of course we believe
in freedom but what I want is equal laws
equal justice I know some people think
that's too much to ask for so he has
that freedom of speech they get to have
freedom of speech if you advocate for
violence that is not freedom of speech
that is outside of the bounds of the
First Amendment you are you you're
inciting people to violence and in his
case the Nazis case he actually did the
violence
and I have to end on this one note
because this was probably the most
outrageous part of all of this so the
father for one of the victims that was
gunned down by this Nazi was of course
at the funeral and he referred to the
Nazi as a deranged adolescent and guess
what at that moment the room stiffened
the pastor talked about overcoming hate
a friend of the family said he'd spent
the spent the past few days trying to
figure out what lesson could be learned
from what had happened but it's like
don't call him a deranged adolescent we
don't like that the room stiffened we
need to talk about overcoming hate yeah
you right ramp
we have no mercy for you the bail bond
was set at 1.1 million and 500 thousand
for those two guys you're a Nazi who
murders people oh don't call them
deranged if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
