Michael Wolf's book fire and fury has
led to a lot of controversy and a lot of
infighting among those on the right and
now we have some more information about
nicknames that Trump gave to Steve
Bannon while Bannon was part of his
administration now according to his book
and excerpts are being leaked left and
right Trump gave Bannon a cutesy little
nickname after allegations surfaced
regarding Bannon physically assaulting
his wife his ex-wife so let me give you
the details in a police report the Santa
Monica California Police say said that
bannon's then wife claimed he pulled at
her neck and wrists during an
altercation over their finances and an
officer reported witnessing red marks on
her neck and wrists to bolster her
account Bannon also reportedly smashed
the phone when she tried to call the
police so that was the story that
surfaced at the time that Trump decided
to give him a nickname and so what was
his nickname
bambam oh that's so clever and fun oh
you beat your wife that's funny so I'll
give you a cute nickname like bambam who
does that like you know who does that
according to Laura Ingraham Fox News
host someone who is gonna help out a
certain demographic here in the United
States wait which demographic was that
again let's take a quick look well you
know who's gonna do more help to help
women than anyone else is here by the
way they won't admit it but I'll tell
you who yeah there is Donald Trump oh
yeah giving cutesy nicknames two men who
physically assault women it's gonna
really help out women so we've touched
on Steve banners divorce a little bit
before I I don't like to get in divorces
because really bad blood it goes back
and forth and divorces some of the stuff
that's said in divorce proceedings you
take with a grain of salt and so his
wife had said his ex now ex-wife had
said the bana didn't want his kids going
to a certain private school because
there's too many Jews at it and and you
know man that's really disconcerting
uncomfortable but I said look grain of
salt i you know i don't know it's a
divorce proceeding in this case he
apparently beat her but the cops
corroborated there's no grain of salt
nothing at all the cops saw it so the
red marks on her exactly where she said
there they were and where he had hit her
so with that corroboration that story
trump sees that like if i see that story
i go whew that's terrible like now let's
have a conversation about you know is
whether or not you're fit to yea heart
of my administration maybe this doesn't
look good especially considering some of
the allegations that you know i'm facing
I mean but that's what a smart rational
logical person would do right or more
importantly an empathetic person would
do like mmm you know if he puts his
hands on women like I I'm not into that
but but that's not the kind of mentality
the Trump has instead he's like home let
me give him a cute nickname oh you beat
your wife that's funny who would call
you bam bam well remember Trump was
accused of beating his wife why his wife
his ex-wife Ivana Trump in her book so
it no and in the divorce proceedings you
know that was the charge of rape where
Ivana said that he he had raped her and
and the backstory is equally horrific
it's because she had apparently
suggested a place where he can get hair
plugs cuz he's obsessed with his hair
and and he was balding so he got him but
he said he was in pain and and then was
angry at her for suggesting that doctor
so he grabbed her and sort of ripping
her hair out and then he could this is
not this is according to her proceed
divorce proceeding documents are that
are public and then he raped her I mean
so are we surprised that that guy thinks
beating your wife is cause to give you a
cute nickname no but he's gonna help out
women that's what he's gonna do if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
younger so every day
