drop it
hey everybody John iadarola jankura
helen hogsback
wait wait wait don't tell me you're back
okay
she's on there doing actual comedy and
and also does go back yourself she's
been in inside Llewyn Davis Pretty
Little Liars parse irreverence you get
okay ana kasparian is here in the second
our second power panel bit of a living
legend Ben mankiewicz
just kidding Tom Morello Ben will also
be here but yes Tom Morello will rage
with us in the second hour he's gonna be
on the power panel so that's fun for
everybody
also fun for everybody I think the jury
might have come in on Brett Kavanaugh so
now in reality no no I wish it was in
reality we're gonna give you a reality
in a second but I believe we're going to
show you a number of videos today where
you guys can come probably to the same
conclusion that I did that the guy's a
liar okay so hmm
now we've kept the very very open mind
throughout I just want to look at some
of those videos again with you guys and
then see if you think he's credible and
and I think that that gives us an
insight into the kind of guy he is but
John made a good point by the way before
I dropped it I should have started with
a little bit of here come to me on this
way a little bit no that's not right
that's not right that's not right okay
they're not right that's right that's
fine the anger is fine don't make fun of
the the crying okay that's my line for
whatever it's worth that's my line okay
so okay but we have dramatic
developments so John go okay we don't
just have dramatic developments we have
too many dramatic developments things
have been developing incredibly quickly
since this morning I think it's fair to
say that we started the day thinking the
Republicans are unabashed they're just
gonna push him through and it appeared
that they had the votes because fairly
early on today Senator Jeff Flake said
he would be voting in support of
Cavanaugh he was one of those votes on
the Republican side that we thought hey
maybe he would be convinced by Christine
Blasi Ford's testimony and that appeared
to be undercut by his statements early
this morning
then dramatic news developed that he was
actually interested in some sort of
limited in scope and time FBI
investigation being done but at that
point it didn't mean that it was
actually going to happen but then things
continue to develop pressure was put on
the Republicans Senate Judiciary
Committee came out with a statement
saying that they too would support this
investigation by the way in the
background perhaps working towards this
you had the American Bar Association
pushing for a halt and an investigation
you had the Yale Dean of the law school
where he went pushing for an
investigation and eventually flake and
then you had Collins and Murkowski and
mentioned coming out in support of that
as well and then we had I guess the
person most responsible for actually
having this Donald Trump would have a
statement saying I've ordered the FBI to
conduct a supplemental investigation to
update Judge Cavanaugh's file as the
Senate has requested this update must be
limited in scope and completed it in
less than one week which get used to
those words because in the future if a
Democrats ever accused of anything the
investigation will be limited in scope
and time less than one week perhaps I
think when they were pushing for all the
Clinton investigations of the 90s
limited in scope is what they were
stressing from the very beginning but in
any event we are going to have at least
some sort of investigation and so what
what's your initial response did you
expect this are you
you know heartened by it do you think
that it might be setting us up for a
defeat in a week yeah
so let's take it one at a time first of
all yes I'd like to note the hypocrisy
for the record and then we could move on
the Benghazi hearings were not limited
in time there was a prayer approximately
twenty-eight of them okay it's a
hyperbole but not by much
I believe there might literally have
been eight or nine Benghazi hearings and
then whitewater is a perfect example of
not limited in scope it was about a real
estate deal in Arizona by the time they
were finished they were talking about
cigars including Kavanagh who asked the
raunchiest most like literally the
dirtiest questions I've ever seen in
public life Cameron I thought we should
a probe into Clinton's sex life as
literally as as graphic as you could
imagine so interesting notif Apocrypha
on that too
and what no one ever remembers about the
Whitewater hearings against Bill Clinton
was at the end cancer I was like by the
way he didn't do it nothing wrong with a
real estate deal at all
those are the same guys now complaining
about sex questions okay now as to these
to this investigation it's what we
wanted we said a week they gave us a
week I don't know what limited in scope
means that's very important does that
mean only kristinb lousy for are they
not allowed to talk to Debbie Ramirez
are they not allowed to talk to Julie
sweat Nick I would want them to do I'm
not positive about the last two because
of some fact patterns that are unclear
for example sweat nick says hey you know
I Cavanaugh was that was present during
a situation where she was gang-raped
I want the FBI asking what does present
me I mean did he was did he participate
did not participate
I mean that's a heavy charge to level on
someone and say he's present and not
clarified so I hope it's not limited in
that scope but it might be so as to
whether it'll be a rubber stamp or a
real investigation well I guess that's
up to the FBI
I feel like this limited in scope thing
is so annoying and it's not you know let
me tell you as with sex the just the tip
approach makes nobody happy
right so the limited scope is not gonna
make the Republicans happy because it's
still a one-week delay and as we've
heard from the hearings Cavanaugh's
chicken moaning about how these pests
and days have been hell forever
another wake oh my god I'm gonna die so
he's gonna be bitching about it they're
gonna be bitching about it the Democrats
are gonna be bitching if they are too
limited in scope so this just makes
nobody happy yeah I think that I mean
I'm jaded enough to agree that it's it's
likely that the limited in scope portion
of that could undermine any good
intentions that are coming from people
like Senator Jeff Flake I'm worried that
they might be using this as a way to
hush Democrats up and also you know play
this game and make it seem like they did
their you know their duty their due
diligence in this whole case so the
American people are convinced that the
bad actors here are really the Democrats
but either way I think it is important
to at least see senators on the right
finally accept that a further FBI
investigation makes sense so they keep
mentioning how Cavanaugh has been
investigated in the past but here's the
thing you sometimes you don't find what
you don't know you're looking for right
and so now the FBI has a bunch of names
that they should go to people that they
should go to and conduct a bunch of
interviews including mark judge who
finally today said that he would
cooperate with any investigation and I
think he absolutely should and I think
the FBI needs to go to him directly yeah
yeah there's been six background checks
and you know that this didn't come up
okay well they didn't talk to her so how
would it have come up they just stare at
him across the table for a bit any blood
as though I had tried to rape somebody
no that didn't happen so yeah of course
they didn't know about Christine Blasi
Ford until she came forward now what are
the ridiculous situation that we're in
where so many of the Republican senators
clearly were not going to be swayed by
anything it didn't matter what Christine
Blasi Ford said it didn't matter how
enraged and emotional and hyperbolic
Cavanaugh got they weren't going to be
affected by it there was only a few that
hypothetically might flake is one that
we thought might be affected by that now
as of right now he's still going to vote
for him so perhaps not so much but I am
curious how Jeff Flake is thinking about
this so why don't we play the video of
him initially requesting this
investigation because it does actually
have a reference to the scope thing in
it
been speaking with a number of people on
the other side we've had conversations
ongoing for a while with regard to
making sure that we do due diligence
here and I think it would be proper to
delay the floor vote for up to but not
more than one week in order to let the
FBI continue to do an investigation
limited in time and scope to the current
allegations that are there and limit in
time to no more than one week and I will
vote to advance the bill to the floor
with that understanding he says there
with the current allegations well there
isn't just one current allegation there
are allegations and that doesn't mean
that he's gonna be held to that he
doesn't after all he's not gonna be
setting up the investigation and it's
possible the Trump will say you will
only talk to these four people or
whatever forget Debora mirrors forget
all of that but he seems at least
interested in possibly finding out a
little bit more that's going on I'm
probably giving him too much credit
you've been so wishy-washy even in a way
that he was saying like I would feel
more comfortable
what does that even mean I think I know
what it means and I'm gonna be a little
bit more optimistic than you guys so I
think what it means is I hope Murkowski
and Collins back me on this but I
haven't had a chance to confirm it with
them and it turns out later in the day
they're like yeah we're with like we
need a week-long investigation so that's
what he meant by like I hope we could
kind of do this right Lisa right Susan
right and he turns out he was right
about that and I'd also want to give him
credit for his permanently concerned
face as we'll get into a little bit
later on the show there might be a
reason that at that particular time that
he's filming that he's got some concern
floating around in his head yeah no no
go back to John Fraser because I like
how flake is behind him concerned even
about John
okay so what he always looks like that
to be fair okay so now why am i more a
little bit more optimistic so first of
all let's just think now is that they
blinked because this is not the right
time for them to say okay fine FBI
investigation the right time would have
been the minute dick Durbin asked
Kavanaugh instead of going well I mean I
don't know really FBI I don't know if we
should look into that
if Kavanaugh could have said damn right
of course I want an FBI investigation
and clear my name that would have worked
a lot better instead he had to hem and
haw again for with Durbin with Coons
with camo Harris and so this they did
not play this well so they they endured
the political damage of seeming to not
want an investigation which kind of
looks like a cover-up and then had to
blink and say okay investigation so
that's it was not three-dimensional
chess they lost on that issue okay
secondly it's not only the FBI and and
Donald Trump are getting along great
these days so it's when when Trump says
hey FBI okay do a limited investigation
in scope FBI Mumbai
remind me again what you said about us
the other day in a tweet right okay all
right no no no no we got the
investigation sit down we got it thank
you for the authority we appreciate it
so and now it doesn't quite work that
way it's different people within the FBI
and they're not supposed to hold grudges
and they probably don't but I think it
is fair to say that they have acted
independently from the White House so
once you give them some authority it'll
be interesting to see how they conduct
conduct themselves and then finally even
if they they do throw the game and
they've like hey look on that we could
seem neutral to trump or unbiased by
giving Trump in the Republicans what
they want a BS investigation at the end
of the day there is one other things
that Republicans have to concern
themselves with and it's this right and
because if a week later they come out
and they're like oh yeah we looked into
it I mean we talked to one or two people
and and I mainly talked to Cavanaugh and
Cavanaugh says they didn't do it well
there's all of us there's all the women
across the country there's all the
people who were concerned across the
country ago that was your investigation
Oh
hmm okay but we'll see you in November
so and you think well okay yeah what do
they care no they do care because they
could lose a lot of those swing seats in
Florida and so many other places so but
it doesn't mean that they're not gonna
get you know a rush job where they go
well they I couldn't conclude it
couldn't conclude what can we do we got
to move on we got a boat and that is
entirely possible one last wrinkle to
this which then goes back to pessimism
which is that they might think we're
gonna lose elections anyway this is our
last great hope to get an angry male on
the court and boy he's angry and he
hates the Democrats so before we lose
let's get him on there you know it's
funny because all of this has been so
hectic and crazy and there's been so
many updates that I haven't really had a
chance to sit and think about the
statements regarding how limited this
investigation will be how it's a limited
scope investigation and now I'm just
kind of angry like I'm glad they're
gonna be investigating but are you
kidding me right now like there are
allegations of rape involved limited in
scope what does that mean no not limited
in scope this is a serious crime I know
that he's not facing a criminal
investigation yet but right now we're
talking about someone we're talking
about someone on the highest level of
the US justice system who could
potentially be a rapist and we're having
conversations about let's do a limited
scope investigation to suss out whether
or not this guy should be a Supreme
Court justice get the hell out of here
these people are supposed to be
representing us the only role of the
government is to protect its citizens
and we don't have that okay we have a
bunch of elderly clowns let's just keep
it 100 running the Senate in Congress
not representing our best interests and
at the end of the day what is it that
they love about Kavanagh so much that
they're willing to sacrifice our safety
to get him you know confirmed to the
Supreme Court justice
he's pro corporate okay so I'm very
curious what the corporate backers are
doing behind the scenes to ensure that
these Republican senators push him
through as a Supreme Court justice as
soon as possible and by the way so you
mentioned the the actual accusations of
rape or at least being there that's
that's what they're calling like the
craziest and it's it's the porn
lawyer is talking about the gang rape
accusations leaving that one the
craziest one they woman that should be
easiest to knock down she says that
Kavanagh and Mark judge were involved in
these non-consensual gang rapes
okay well mark judges ex-girlfriend just
came out and said that mark judge
admitted to doing this he denies that
but what it what did Julie sweat Nick
coordinate with one of his
ex-girlfriend's from years ago back in
college to put this up or did she just
accidentally come up with a theory that
one of his exes is willing to
corroborate I mean what are what are the
chances of that that she just
accidentally happened onto a crazy
radical lie that also is confirmed by
someone who knows Cavanaugh's best
friend and drinking buddy what's buggin
me too is that everyone's jumping on the
sweat Nick accusation is being the most
horrible one but even dr. Ford's
accusation alone like she thought she
was gonna die
because he was faced and she couldn't
breathe and people are like it's just
groping like teenage boy doesn't throw
things like are you out of your mind if
you're any man who has never covered a
woman's mouth while trying to rip her
clothes off to the point where she
couldn't breathe you should be enraged
by it exactly and by the way I just want
to clarify one thing when I mentioned
elderly senators I'm not saying that
because I think oh they're older so we
shouldn't take them seriously I'm saying
that because a lot of them are from a
different time and when you hear phrases
like make America great again what does
that include it includes a time when a
mirror when American women are women in
general in this country would just have
to take it and shut up okay they had no
justice on their side and and so I feel
like they're from a time where they
don't understand the gravity of this
situation and how much it affects
women's lives they're from a time when
it was acceptable when it wasn't that
big of a deal one last thing to give you
a sense of who might be right and who
might not and let's just all hope that
the FBI does a real investigation in
which case we might be closer to finding
out is that if I'm Kavanagh and I think
the or the Republicans and I think it's
the sweat neck allegation is that's the
third woman or outrageous and ridiculous
I think please investigate because we'll
be able to knock that one down
it really easily and then we will go all
across the country girl we knew it we
told you we told you is all fake even if
the other two are not fake it would give
them an ability to call everything fake
if they could disprove one limited in
scope you should want to dive into the
sweat Magali ations immediately to show
how false they are cuz they are you're
saying they sound outrageous right well
then go show how outrageous they are and
if it's false then you're gonna have you
know a huge win on your side I don't
know why you would want to limit that
scope
unless you think sweating eggs right her
allegations about gang rape are right
man and if you think that and you don't
look into it
Wow Wow okay but we'll see so guys but
bottom line is Anna's righteous anger is
absolutely spot-on but we asked for a
week-long FBI investigation yesterday
and we got one so cross your fingers the
FBI is gonna do it honestly and and
that's our best hope so let's see what
they come up with yeah so why don't we
talk briefly about why they blink you
said that you know they didn't play this
the way that if they would have had they
wanted this before Cavanaugh could have
been the one to be calling for it which
would have made him seem to be honest
instead it seems now like it's being
done against his will but they did blink
and there are a couple of explanations
for that we'll get into several of them
Donald Trump his response to this I
think it's fair to say and you'll see
the video that it's kind of changed a
little bit since yesterday initially
coming out of the Cavanaugh testimony he
he didn't even make any reference to
Cruz's kristinb lousy Ford he just said
that
what Cavanaugh said was strong he put
out like a single tweet which is odd for
Donald Trump that he was very restrained
in terms of talking about this and then
today comes and we have a video Donald
Trump is I believe out of the country I
think he's in Chile possibly in any
event he's asked about this and take a
look at this video
it's a little bit long but he has
multiple opportunities to do what he
always does in communication and you'll
see that he passes up basically all of
them I'm just
a little bit about it because I've been
with the president of Chile and we're
talking about some very important
subjects but I'm sure it will all be
very good
I guess the vote was a positive vote but
this seems to be a delay
what do you not report testimony I
thought her testimony was very
compelling and she looks like a very
fine woman to me verifying a woman and I
thought that Brett's testimony likewise
was really something that I haven't seen
before it was incredible it was an
incredible moment I think in the history
of our country but certainly she was a
very credible witness she was very good
in many respects and I think that I
don't know if this is gonna continue one
word or are we gonna get a vote have you
thought at all about a replacement for
education not even a little bit not even
a little
I have no message there do they have to
do what they think is right there's no
message whatsoever they have to do what
they think is right they have to be
comfortable with themselves and I'm sure
that's what they are
I'm going to rely on all of the people
including senator Grassley who's doing a
very good job that'll be a decision that
they're going to make and they suspect
they'll be making some decision soon
whether to take a vote or to do whatever
else they want to do I will be totally
reliant on what senator Grassley and the
group decides to do there's a lot there
now he did say that he hasn't been
thinking of any replacement that's what
you'd expect Trump to say but aside from
that he says he doesn't know if they'll
even end up having a vote he's just
gonna defer to Grassley he has no advice
for him on Collins and Murkowski know
they just have to do you know what they
want to do he said very positive things
about Christine Blasi Ford his defense
of Kavanagh was both hyperbolic in
saying it's something we've never seen
before but he didn't say he convinced
the nation that he didn't do this thing
or anything like that
this seems like the a very careful
statement from a man who is almost never
careful well I mean I feel like they
inject him with a tranquilizer and it
lasts for a little while and once it
wears off believe me we're all know
about it it'll probably be on later
tonight usually Friday nights he goes on
crazy tirades or Saturday morning but
obviously I'm joking about the
tranquilizer kind of but the one other
thing I want to add is like the way he's
commenting about the testimony from both
Cavanaugh and dr. Blasi Ford
it's like he's thinking they're
auditioning for one of his crappy
reality she's thinking that he's totally
got like apprentice producer head on be
like it was incredible it was great TV
I've never seen anything like it before
he cried I mean when do you see that
like he did say that she seemed very
credible though yeah and look she's been
sad like I don't know if you guys
watched any fox news last night they'd
Juanita Broderick on and it was just
designed to shred her right wing media
was like they came out of a Kavanagh
testimony like tasting blood they were
ready to pounce on this thing and he
talks with Sean Hannity most nights him
being super careful is either
three-dimensional chess which seems even
less likely than him being careful
informed in in his communication or
maybe they're getting some like some
internal polling maybe there was a focus
group on the testimony maybe they're
actually worried about this thing
yeah Lori spoken with Collins and
Rakowski and he thinks that they're
questioning the actual vote yeah
so first quick clarification obviously
he's in the u.s. he's in the White House
you happen to be talking to the leader
of Chile now on to the soaps of it I I
think that his aides must have done a
great job of convincing him that if he
talks against dr. lousy Ford at all that
it will cost them votes and he will lose
power in the next two years and they
must have had overwhelming proof to get
him to calm down and not attack her
which is his want right and then the
second part of it might be that his
aides convinced them he really might not
survive like he not just losing calls in
Murkowski to what we already know but
you're ordering an FBI investigation
there's some chance he did it so don't
get too far out there telling everybody
how awesome he is and how terrible she
is because in a week we might find out
that that it's the opposite now remember
McConnell the anime at this point are
like almost a week ago is a great point
McConnell warned him don't pick Kavanagh
and and he said oh it's because he has
too many documents okay I don't know why
too many calendars might be it so there
might have been another warning to trump
hey listen I'm not gonna head remember
when we told you not to pick him okay
this is why so be cool otherwise you're
gonna embarrass yourself what was the
only person Donald Trump ever cares
about himself so but but you know what
at the end of the day I'll take it
better for restraint and not restrained
great by the Roy Moore thing too and
then the guy that was honest this is now
like three or four strikes in that
you're endorsing a guy who turned out to
be an absolute piece of garbage
so like take pull your punches thank you
for bringing up remor that's actually
very important to the conversation
because the day prior to the hearing
taking place Trump went on this crazy
unhinged hour and a half long press
conference rant and during that rant he
addressed Roy mourned you know what he
said he's like I was I was at a fan of
Roy Moore you know I wasn't but yeah so
I
think you might be right I think she
realized this kind of hurt us maybe this
wasn't a good way to go about it he said
he was more he was a fan of Luther
strange we all saw you dude we all saw
you with our own eyes he's unreal okay
we got a break by the way so you know I
explained shop TYT calm if you want the
shirts this one that was a reference to
Chris Rock that John is wearing but also
if you're watching this on YouTube at
some point okay
down below they got a new thing where
you could just click on the shirts that
one is not available yet on YouTube it's
available at shop TYT calm but this one
yeah hello click boom done over go we
hope you're enjoying this free clip from
The Young Turks if you want to get the
whole show and more exclusive content
while supporting independent media
become a member at TYT comm slash joined
today in the meantime enjoy this free
second buyback on a Young Turks time to
read member comments fort Costa Rica
says kudos TYT crew how do you put up
with a circus of news every day without
losing it I feel lucky looking in from
the outside in Costa Rica and having my
head explode thank you for all you do
I mean that's the state we're in right
I've been to Costa Rica it's a lovely
country but people in Costa Rica are
going well thank God I don't live in
America dream yeah do you know how
people live there happily I've been on
all those annex by the way this whole
week just all those antics like my
monthly prescription of xanax I'm just
I'm done already like I need to refocus
watching those hearings like it was hard
it was far as some of that stuff and
some of the reaction from Republican
lawmakers Greylock writes in I think a
one-week investigation quote-unquote
just allows limited cover for secure yes
votes great like that is enormous ly
possible so we you know we just
discussed it in the last segment so it's
possible the FBI will do a real
investigation they'll find out things
like camera doesn't want him to find out
and then he's done
or it's possible that one week's not
enough they don't find anything and then
the Republicans scope just cuz it wasn't
long enough or of course it's possible
they don't find anything cuz he didn't
do it but anyway if it's the second
scenario their programs are not cut we
said a week we said a week
ha ha got you inconclusive they would
love inconclusive
that's obviously what they're shooting
for but we'll see what FBI comes up with
ok last one from the members section
malsu's and rainbow says asking again
does the Senate have that kind of power
over the FBI once an investigation is
underway can the Senate legally limit
the scope or time frame no remember it's
not the Senate it's the White House that
asked for the FBI investigation
that's why flake was suggesting it
Murkowski and Collins backed it but
Trump had to order it he can give them
some framing but you know it's up to the
FBI
how they interpret that framing okay and
then finally in the tweets Jessica with
a series of numbers says as a survivor
of sexual assault seeing the two women
confront flake telling him their stories
demanding he looked them and come look
at them and commanding respect I broke
down in tears proud to be a woman a
survivor and a TYT member Thank You
Jessica we appreciate it that's the next
story and obviously T y-t-dot-com /join
to become a member and we we love your
support and the stories that you guys
have shared with us it's important for
us to know those and to be able to share
that perspective with everyone yeah all
right okay why don't we talk about that
we will probably never know for sure
what it is that changed Jeff Lakes mind
about an FBI investigation this morning
assuming that he didn't intend fully
since the day began to do an
investigation but we do know one event
that happened that certainly seems like
it might have had an effect on him and
that is when he was confronted by two
survivors of sexual violence while he
was getting in an elevator during
today's proceedings we're to show you
both of the videos before weren't the
what the women say is very real and raw
potentially triggering as well here's
the first
in front of your office with Adam Arkin
is the story of my sexual assault I told
it because I recognized the research
story that she's telling the truth what
you are doing is allowing someone who
actually violated a woman to sit in the
Supreme Court this is not tolerable you
have children in your family think about
them I have two children I cannot
imagine that for the next 50 years they
will have in the Supreme Court who has
been accused of violating a young girl
what are you doing sir super powerful
Wow
so we've had many debates on the show
about whether you should yell at public
figures and restaurants and the chants
and etc no that's perfect because he's a
sitting United States senator about to
make a momentous decision she's in the
building legally she sees him I mean if
you can't ask your senator to vote the
right way when you're an American
citizen is it really a democracy so
there was absolute that was amazing and
remember how sheltered they are they are
surrounded by their fellow politicians
you know keeping it real
wealthy Cable News hosts wealthy donors
it's people and power and privilege ones
that that some of them might have
similar experiences but they're
sheltered in a lot of ways and a lot of
them might not to see a real American a
US citizens say this is what I lived
through it and I cannot tolerate the
idea of my daughters growing up in a
country where a Supreme Court justice
might have done this to someone else I
wish every senator could see that with
their own eyes you know I was I was
thinking the whole time about the
privilege thing that you were talking
about when Brett Kavanaugh was giving
his testimony like he lives in this he
grew up in this world of country clubs
and you know planks playing all these
sports and coaching his door and it's
like you're the 1% and you don't know
how most of the country is living and so
it is
parrot of to us to be like yo we're not
we're not Dalian in the country club
like right down here in the trenches and
and the person that you appoint to this
room cream court is going to impact me
more that's gonna impact you because you
have enough money to get over whatever
you need to get over yeah yeah that's
such a good point and just to touch on
the privileged part a little more you
know I'm curious if women I think women
overall are more sympathetic to the
testimony from dr. Blasi Ford but I also
wonder about privileged women in the
country because when she opened her
testimony or her opening statement one
of the first thing she said was you know
I spent that summer doing doing what we
usually do or doing what I usually do at
the Columbia Country Club you know there
was something relatable about her for
everyone regardless of where you are you
know socioeconomic status wise or you
know gender wise like I she was
relatable and I wonder if that helped in
because remember after her testimony all
of a sudden you start hearing from the
right-wing whether it's on cable news or
from you know conservative lawmakers
saying yeah she's very credible and I'm
wondering if that credibility comes from
the fact that they can relate to her
yeah look I have to be honest I thought
the same thing yesterday but I didn't
want to get into that yet because there
was so much substance on that on the
actual charges etc but when she said
country club I thought I wonder if and
it's not just that I mean she is from
their class if you will and and I and I
thought to myself is that the difference
between her and Anita Hill where they
didn't believe in Ada Hill at all no you
know and of course this is a lot of
other factors though it was a slightly
different time etc etc but with
Christine Blasi Ford for whatever reason
even Orrin Hatch and and Donald Trump
etc looked at her and was like oh she's
saying it okay I don't know if we're
over interpreting but certainly it
occurred to us that that's and by the
way it's a normal human reaction it's if
you can relate to someone for whatever
reason you feel like they're in your you
know in your culture in your idea
etc then you you you draw a connection
with them and this would have judges the
old time it happened with Brock Turner
oh that's a good kid going to Stanford
right and that could be my kid whereas
they if it's if you're a poor kid
whether you're white or black whether
you're from a holler or from you know an
inner city it just has a hard harder
time relating to you and thinks that
looks like a criminal right and so she
looked like an upstanding citizen like
the ones that they are very very used to
seeing and talking to so when she says
it they're like whoa
wow this thing might have really
happened yeah can we show the second
video just to run over that and here's
the the other survivor of sexual
violence a similar sort of plea to him
and pay attention to his body language
and the look on his face as this video
goes on I didn't tell anyone and you're
telling all women they don't matter that
they should just stay quiet because if
they tell you what happened to them
you're going to ignore them that's what
happened to me and that's what you're
telling all women in America but they
don't matter they should just keep it to
themselves because if they have told the
truth you're just gonna help that man to
power anyway you're telling me right now
look at me when I'm talking to you
you're telling me that my assault
doesn't matter doesn't matter
that's what you're telling me
very similar to parts of dr. Ford's
testimony yesterday it's just if you're
if you're a thinking person with any
empathy or compassion your body and it
just it just drills right into the
center of you that just kills you and so
again I mean these these senators are
not mostly humans they're a set of
directions given them by donors but it
is not impossible that those two
experiences had some effect on him at
the very least yeah certainly had on us
I mean yesterday Brett Kavanaugh said
something that I thought was actually
made a lot of sense for he he said make
you know listen to the stuff that rings
true and if that doesn't ring true
nothing does you know these two women
this happened to them and they have had
to deal with this overcome the trauma I
mean this rings so true there is no
person with a shred of humanity that
could just dismiss these women and be
like whatever whatever and what one
thing to I understand there's lots of
political considerations and obviously
the Republicans think that speed matters
and you know there's like a one in three
chance right now that the Democrats will
get control the Senate and and all that
stuff but realistically here's the
situation there is nothing that is going
to stop the Republicans from getting
someone pretty extremely conservative
into that see that ship sailed you know
during the last election that Gorsuch is
gonna get on there someone is gonna get
on there Jeff Flake knows some radical
conservative is going to get on there
maybe they'll pick someone else from the
short list maybe it'll be the one woman
that was on the short list next time but
they're gonna have that seat because
they have Donald Trump in the White
House and flake knows that so does it
have to be Kavanagh does he have to face
the rest of his life having experiences
like that while he's trying to get onto
elevators many of the Republican
senators I think would be perfectly fine
with that Lindsey Graham had righteous
indignation but over the other victim in
this story Kavanagh supposedly but not
all of them are going to feel that way
and it's possible that that Jeff Flake
is willing to let this one go and then
they'll just get some other freak next
time you know this morning after
processing everything that happened
yesterday and this is before flake made
the suggestion to do the FBI
investigation
and I just I was kind of like stewing in
all of this and I was really angry and I
thought to myself I better not make the
mistake of bringing a daughter into this
world you know because I don't want to
bring a girl into this world knowing
that our lawmakers the people in
positions of power wouldn't protect them
if something her if something happened
to her and so I just became angry
because not only that think about the
young girls now that that have been
victimized who might feel like they
can't come forward because why would I
why would I come forward if I know I'm
gonna get smeared and the person that
I'm accusing is still gonna get the
promotion is still gonna get all the
praise it's still gonna be protected I
mean it just sent such a bad message and
again I want to reiterate we don't know
without a shadow of a doubt if he's
guilty or if he's innocent which is why
it's important to do this investigation
but more importantly it sends a message
that these senators do take these
allegations seriously if they had not
done the investigation and they just you
know rush through a floor vote and
confirmed him that would tell every
female in this country right now every
rape victim or sexual assault victim
whether it's a male or female you are
not to believed don't come forward just
shut your mouth and live with this in
silence but I'm glad that they're gonna
do the investigation look those two
women are American heroes and I have
nothing to add to what they said they
they have more cojones than the entire
Senate combined like if you want to see
what balls looks like that's those two
women so strong okay when we come back
we're gonna get into as Warner wolf used
to say back in the day no one will
understand that reference we're gonna go
to the videotape and see if Cavanaugh
had some very clear lies so we'll do
that when we return
