since the 2016 election we've heard the
phrase fake news over and over again
especially from the Trump administration
well researchers from Dartmouth College
Princeton University and other
universities got together and decided to
study the topic and see a who is the
number one consumer of fake news and B
how prevalent is fake news now
interestingly enough the researchers
found that fake news based on their
research is not as widespread as people
would have you believe however there are
some clear signs of who is more likely
to consume and believe fake news so
let's get to the numbers share what are
whoo so on 289 such sites about 80
percent of bogus articles supported
Trump in fact the far right
approximately 10% of the sample made up
roughly 65% of visits to sites that
published more than two stories that
were false Trump supporters were three
times more likely to read such sites as
supporters of Hillary Clinton so to be
fair both Hillary Clinton supporters and
Trump supporters were found to follow or
believe fake news however there's a
larger percentage of Trump supporters
who came across that content and
believed it now Trump supporters read on
average 5 false stories over the course
of five weeks Clinton supporters read
just about one false story over five
weeks so one of the other piece of good
news is it's not that many they read a
lot more true stories and they read
false stories even for conservatives 5
false stories in five weeks is obviously
one a week it's not that much although
it is still depressingly large in my
opinion ok but to me the most important
part of this is it's not equal we told
you it wasn't equal and this whole both
sides do it stuff is crap no there's two
different phenomenon going on here first
of all conservatives are more gullible
they are by their nature they believe in
leaders and authority figures and so why
dude big business in this country decide
to partner up with more religious people
because they thought
to trick they think that guys walk on
water and there's virgin births they'll
believe anything and we just have to get
their leaders to tell them and they'll
believe what the leaders say so what do
conservatives believe they believe that
Obama was not born in the u.s. that he
was born in Kenya preposterous made-up
but huge percentages of ability more
than half believe that more than half
believe that Obama's a Muslim they
believe that the Trump is right that
global warming is not real climate
change isn't real it's not man-made and
that it was a Chinese hoax I mean
they'll believe anything so it's just
surprising that the Conservatives fall
for fake news more than the Liberals
it's not a remotely surprising so I'm
gonna push back on that a little bit
because look there might be some
scientific research comparing you know
how gullible conservatives are versus
liberals I haven't seen it but if it
exists let me know but one thing that I
do want to say is I think that liberals
can also be gullible if it's
confirmation bias so for instance during
this past election there was definitely
a huge portion of the Democratic Party
that hated Hillary despised her and the
confirmation bias that they believed
right was that she had like a terminal
illness that she was trying to hide like
how absurd was that it was insanely
absurd it drove me crazy but there was a
portion of liberals who certainly
believed that so look I'm not saying
that it doesn't exist in this study
shows that it exists so yes that's true
and by the way there some people just a
lot of people just got mad at you for
saying if you believe that you're insane
and if you dislike me for saying that go
ahead and dislike me I don't know first
of all if you're progressive who believe
that Hillary Clinton has some sort of
brain disease I got bad news for you I
just read about it this morning I went
back and looked at the how that
originated originated from the worst
guys on the alt-right they made it up
they bragged about how they made it up
and then they laughed their ass off as
the right wing and the left wing
believed it okay and the reality is she
was there was somebody with brain damage
in the debates and it wasn't Hillary
Clinton and she's still fine today why
didn't she die why is she falling down
every day anyway I don't to get back
into that so yes
believe things that are wrong sometimes
there's the guy we covered yesterday in
the woods and this raw water movement
there's the antibiotic stuff and the
viruses the anti vaccine vaccine I mean
I'm sorry so yes of course of course and
we're all humans and yes some percentage
of humans are gullible and and by the
way that doesn't mean that you're wrong
on everything but there are certain
things that are not factual okay but
that's why I love this study because
it's not equal it's not equal they are
more gullible they're they believe in
things the things that are wrong more
often way more often but Anna there's a
second part yes and I think the second
part is way more relevant okay the
second part is that the Republicans who
write about this stuff are more willing
to write lies they do the fake websites
way more often than liberals do because
a person who's covering the news from a
liberal perspective actually cares about
facts and cares about reality so they're
way less likely to write there's so many
more conservative sites that print fake
news after fake news after fake news so
if you're a conservative you're way more
likely to run into fake news because
your leaders are goddamn liars and the
research bears that out ok so again
based on this study they found that 80%
of the bogus articles supported Trump so
yes if you are comparing the amount of
the content right doing just a
quantitative analysis the majority of
the fake news is supportive of Trump
supportive of the conservative
perspective and so yeah they have no
morals they don't care about truth or
lies all they care about is winning by
any means necessary to them a lie is
just a thing that they had to do to
trick you because you're stupid and they
think their voters are stupid and most
of the time their voters prove them
right so that's just the reality of and
that's why I think this study is so
important what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you can get a complete
at free if you could become a member of
the Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
