we will probably never know for sure
what it is that changed Jeff Lakes mind
about an FBI investigation this morning
assuming that he didn't intend fully
since the day began to do an
investigation but we do know one event
that happened that certainly seems like
it might have had an effect on him and
that is when he was confronted by two
survivors of sexual violence while he
was getting in an elevator during
today's proceedings we're to show you
both of the videos before weren't the
what the women say is very real and raw
potentially triggering as well here is
the first what you are doing is allowing
someone who actually violated a woman to
sit in the Supreme Court this is not
tolerable you have children in your
family they have two children
I cannot imagine for the next 50 years
they will who has been accused of
violating a young girl what are you
doing sir super powerful Wow so we've
had many debates on the show about
whether you should yell at public
figures and restaurants and chants and
etc no that's perfect because he's a
sitting United States senator about to
make a momentous decision she's in the
building legally she sees him I mean if
you can't ask your senator to vote the
right way when you're an American
citizen is it really a democracy so
there was absolute that was amazing and
remember how sheltered they are they are
surrounded by their fellow politicians
you know keeping it real wealthy Cable
News hosts wealthy donors it's people
and power and privilege ones that that
some of them might have similar
experiences but they're sheltered in a
lot of ways and a lot of them might not
to see a real
American a US citizens say this is what
I lived through it and I cannot tolerate
the idea of my daughter's growing up in
a country where a Supreme Court justice
might have done this to someone else I
wish every senator could see that with
their own eyes you know I was I was
thinking the whole time about the
privilege thing that you were talking
about when Brett Kavanaugh was giving
his testimony like he lives in this he
grew up in this world of country clubs
and you know planks playing all these
sports and coaching his door and it's
like you're the 1% and you don't know
how most of the country is living and so
it is imperative to us to be like yo
we're not we're not Dalian in the
country club like we're down here in the
trenches and and the person that you
appoint to this room Priam court is
going to impact me more than it's going
to impact you because you have enough
money to get over whatever you need to
get over yeah yeah that's such a good
point and just to touch on the
privileged part a little more you know
I'm curious if women I think women
overall are more sympathetic to the
testimony from dr. Blasi Ford but I also
wonder about privileged women in the
country because when she opened her
testimony or her opening statement one
of the first things she said was you
know I spent that summer doing doing
what we usually do or doing what I
usually do at the Columbia Country Club
you know there was something relatable
about her for everyone regardless of
where you are you know socioeconomic
status wise or you know gender wise like
I she was relatable and I wonder if that
helped in because remember after her
testimony all of a sudden you start
hearing from the right-wing whether it's
on cable news or from you know
conservative lawmakers saying yeah she's
very credible and I'm wondering if that
credibility comes from the fact that
they can relate to her yeah look I have
to be honest I thought the same thing
yesterday but I didn't want to get into
that yet because there was so much
substance on the on the actual charges
etc but when she said country club I
thought I wonder if and it's not just
that I mean she is from their class if
you will and and I
and I thought to myself is that the
difference between her and Anita Hill
where they didn't believe in Ada Hill at
all no you know and of course there's a
lot of other factors though it was a
slightly different time etc etc but with
Christine Blasi Ford for whatever reason
even Orrin Hatch and and Donald Trump
etc looked at her and was like oh she's
saying it okay I don't know if we're
over interpreting but certainly it
occurred to us that that's and by the
way it's a normal human reaction it's if
you can relate to someone for whatever
reason you feel like they're in your you
know in your culture and your identity
etcetera then you you you draw a
connection with them and this is what
judges do all time it happened with
Brock Turner oh that's a good kid going
to Stanford right and that could be my
kid whereas they if it's if you're a
poor kid whether you're white or black
whether you're from a holler or from you
know an inner city it just has a hard
harder time relating to you and thinks
that looks like a criminal
right and so she looked like an
upstanding citizen like the ones that
they are very very used to seeing and
talking to so when she says it they're
like whoa wow this thing might have
really happened yeah can we show the
second video just to follow that and
here's the the other survivor of sexual
violence a similar sort of plea to him
and pay attention to his body language
and the look on his face as this video
goes on I didn't tell anyone and you're
telling all women they don't matter that
they should just stay quiet because if
they tell you what happened to them
you're going to ignore them that's what
happened to me and that's what you're
telling all women in America but they
don't matter they should just keep it to
themselves because if they'd have told
the truth you're just gonna hope that
man to power anyway you're telling me
right now
look at me when I'm talking to you
you're telling me that my assault
doesn't matter that what happened to me
doesn't matter
very similar to parts of dr. Ford's
testimony yesterday it's just if you're
if you're a thinking person with any
empathy or compassion your body and it
just it just drills right into the
center of you that just kills you and so
again I mean these these senators are
not mostly humans they're a set of
directions given them by donors but it
is not impossible that those two
experiences had some effect on him at
the very least yeah certainly had on us
I mean yesterday Brett Kavanaugh said
something that I thought was actually
made a lot of sense where he said make
you know listen to the stuff that rings
true and if that doesn't ring true
nothing does you know these two women
this happened to them and they have had
to deal with this overcome the trauma I
mean this rings so true there is no
person with a shred of humanity that
could just dismiss these women and be
like whatever whatever and what one
thing to I understand there's lots of
political considerations and obviously
the Republicans think that speed matters
and you know there's like a one in three
chance right now that the Democrats will
get control the Senate and and all that
stuff but realistically here's the
situation there is nothing that is going
to stop the Republicans from getting
someone pretty extremely conservative
into that seat that ship sailed you know
during the last election that Gorsuch is
gonna get on there someone is gonna get
on there Jeff Flake knows some radical
conservative is gonna get on there maybe
they'll pick someone else from the short
list maybe it'll be the one woman that
was on the short list next time but
they're gonna have that seat because
they have Donald Trump in the White
House and Flake knows that so does it
have to be Kavanagh does he have to face
the rest of his life having experiences
like that while he's trying to get onto
elevators many of the Republican
senators I think would be perfectly fine
with that Lindsey Graham had righteous
indignation but over the other victim in
this story Kavanagh supposedly but not
all of them are gonna feel that way and
it's possible that that Jeff Flake is
willing to let this one go and then
they'll just get some other freak next
time you know this morning after
processing everything that happened
yesterday and this is before flake made
the suggestion to do the FBI
investigation I just I was kind of like
stewing in all of this and I was really
angry and I thought to myself I better
not make the mistake of bringing a
daughter into this world you know
because I don't want to bring a girl
into this world knowing that our
lawmakers the people in positions of
power
wouldn't protect them if something her
if something happened to her and so I
just became angry because not only that
think about the young girls now that
that have been victimized who might feel
like they can't come forward because why
would I why would I come forward if I
know I'm gonna get smeared and the
person that I'm accusing is still gonna
get the promotion is still gonna get all
the praise is still gonna be protected I
mean it just sent such a bad message and
again I want to reiterate we don't know
without a shadow of a doubt if he's
guilty or if he's innocent which is why
it's important to do this investigation
but more importantly it sends a message
that these senators do take these
allegations seriously if they had not
done the investigation and they just you
know rush through a floor vote and
confirmed him that would tell every
female in this country right now every
rape victim or sexual assault victim
whether it's a male or female you are
not to believe don't come forward just
shut your mouth and live with this in
silence but I'm glad that they're gonna
do the investigation look those two
women are American heroes and I have
nothing to add to what they said like
what you see click this subscribe button
below and don't forget to ring the bell
to never miss another video from the
Young Turks
