yesterday those of us who prefer the
world mushroom cloud free had something
to worry about Donald Trump responded to
a couple day old North Korean
provocation in his usual manner via
tweets tweeting this and if you haven't
already seen this we swear he actually
tweeted this seems made-up but it's true
North Korean leader Kim jong-un just
stated that the nuclear button is on his
desk at all times
well someone from is depleted in food
starve regime please inform him that I
too have a capital letters nuclear
button but it is much bigger and more
powerful one than is and my button works
my capital button works oh my god oh oh
my god I think he actually thinks that
that's what that button does I mean
thankfully it just it gets him a diet
coke but he forgets yeah okay what do
you say to a tweet like that any other
president it would have been the biggest
scandal of their administration by an
order of magnitude it is ten times
crazier no a hundred times crazier than
the craziest thing Barack Obama ever did
but by the way I mean look so George
Bush did worse things he invaded Iraq
hundreds of thousands of people died but
even George Bush knew that he was not
that bright that's why he would get the
word of the day and sometimes he'd
accidentally tell you and sometimes he'd
get it wrong and then he'd be
embarrassed right but he wanted to learn
right he wanted to learn and he knew
that he wasn't that bright I remember
one time he came out and said now that
they disassembled that me so I know
that's needs to take apart but he was
embarrassed by that right the truth so
but Trump is not bright enough to
realize how stupid he is so he puts that
tweet out like my buttons bigger you
know what I'm saying my butt my hands
are big my button is big much bigger
than it is and it and it definitely
works everybody will tell you there's no
problems down there he said that debate
remember okay and the Republicans still
voted for him we have an international
button measuring contest going on right
now but it wasn't just the size of it he
said and it definitely works I know what
this has nothing to do with nuclear
policy and it's a personal thing a lot
of people across the country suffer from
it but it doesn't work that much comes
through here anyway
rheems to the whole world my button
works and I just think like it's one
thing I know conservatives and be like
look at look at libs they're they're
getting so emotional about the
possibility of millions of people being
incinerated but imagine if you are one
like try to appeal to conservatives
imagine if you're one of the thousands
of American servicemen and women
currently stationed in South Korea or or
even in Japan and you're close to the
DMZ and you are already
deathly afraid every day of the
possibility of war breaking out because
you know that within hours hundreds of
thousands of people could likely die and
that's without in nuclear weapons but
now you read a tweet it pops up on your
feed because maybe you like Trump maybe
you voted for Trump and he is
threatening to launch nukes at a nuclear
equipped madman another nuclear equipped
madman how do you think that those
service people feel every day wondering
if they will be obliterated like that
because of what this man child is
talking about on Twitter no we got to go
the Mike Alister from Axios so he's got
an insider at the White House saying
quote every war in history was an
accident but here's where it gets
devastating you just don't know what's
going to send him over the edge that's
someone who works inside the White House
saying you guys don't understand this
guy he he could literally push the
button you don't know what's gonna send
him over the edge we're on the brink of
nuclear war and you don't get it here
here's more and an adviser said we are
in a hair-trigger environment and this
is potentially a shooting war with
nuclear risk it's people next to trump
trying to tell the rest of the country
the rest of the world and those service
members and the poor South Koreans that
are in the firing line you guys aren't
getting here you think he's crazy and
stupid you have no idea how crazy and
stupid he is and he's sitting there
having conversations about whether we
should new people one advisor said what
Intel analysis or foreign policy advice
leads to employing this as a tactic
referring to the tweet in other words he
won't listen to anyone
there's he's not listening to
intelligence advisors he's not listening
to the experts he just goes out there
because he he's just I I fear I'm
repeating myself but but as much as
Cable News's derided Trump they still
don't get it I see them and I see smart
people I saw it yesterday on TV trying
to analyze his strategy there is no
strategy
he's preposterous ly DOM and he's
petulant and he's a child and he has the
mentality of a I mean again I feel bad
insulting kids as the banner said of an
11 year old
so people inside the White House are
saying no you don't get it he actually
is considering doing this it would kill
millions of people you don't get it
so it's both like funny because who
talks about their button and how big it
is and how it works etc and it's at the
same time not remotely funny
and the guys inside the White House are
trying to tell us it's not funny he is
that dumb he will do things you think oh
no he won't do that
there is no such thing in the trunk
world as no he won't do that
yes he will we got to get him out right
away we can't have all those people died
because we have a man-child in office I
mean I know that you're not supposed to
say it seems irrational whatever but
yeah he needs to be taken out of office
like I know it's not gonna happen
because the Republicans care more about
you know party and you're dismantling
Social Security they think that their
chances be heard if they took him out
they don't care about the country they
care about that but they need to take
him out and if not god I hope that and
there are enough reasonable Republicans
still in office to at least pass a law
banning first use of nuclear weapons it
was something that Barack Obama was
apparently considering then backed off
from
because of military officials whatever
that was a huge failure in his part but
that law needs to be passed today and it
needs to be strong enough to not just
restrict someone like Donald Trump but
whichever president comes after him
doesn't matter if it's Democrat
Republican third party whatever
there should be no nuclear first use
it's something that's becoming
increasingly common in the world it
needs to be the case here as well
because there is no first use isn't good
enough if you also will be annihilated
in the return fire from someone like
North Korea or possibly one of their
allies that needs to be passed today if
we can't at the very least take him out
you just watch the video by the young
turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
