just when you thought Donald Trump
couldn't cause a bigger mess
buckle up embrace her impact new report
out alternet has a story here the US
government announced it was lifting a
three-year ban on federal funding for
experiments that alter viruses to make
them even deadlier great what could go
wrong well Trump of course had to undo
that ban because it was done under Obama
and if Obama did something that Trump
has to do the opposite let's find out if
this is potentially dangerous
gain-of-function research as they call
it in which scientists make pathogens
more powerful or easily transmissible is
aimed at preventing disease outbreaks by
better understanding how they might
occur
the studies allow scientists working in
a highly controlled environment to learn
how a flu virus might mutate into a
super bug capable of killing millions a
sort of game of wits played to gain
insight into nature's unpredictability
now I don't want you guys to get the
wrong idea this largely sees that it's
scientists that are working on this and
they're not doing it to kill millions of
people or to spread disease no they're
doing it to fight disease here I'll give
you a little bit more on that the
ultimate goal is to proactively create
vaccines medications and other solutions
to stop contagion in its tracks but the
problem is in order to do that they're
creating the killer vaccines and
studying them but what if they get out
now a lot of us have seen movies like
this but it's not just the movies you're
gonna see a band this story has this
happen before so we're playing a very
dangerous game so more on this story
from Callie Holloway the new National
Institute of Health Policy reverses a
2014 Obama administration funding ban on
gain-of-function research projects
specifically involving all forms of
influenza virus Middle East respiratory
syndrome mares and severe acute
respiratory syndrome SARS the new rules
would extend beyond those viruses
applying to any pathogen that could
potentially cause a pen
according to the New York Times for
example they would apply to a request to
create an Ebola virus transmissible
through the air don't do that don't do
that so look I trust that these are good
intention people that are doing this in
the name and interests of science and so
that we can be prepared when epidemics
break out but I think that incompetence
is the trademark of this administration
as scre Moochie once said the fish rots
from the head down
I mean Trump is the guy who looked at
the solar eclipse
they told him not to somebody screamed
while he was doing uh I mean you don't
think he'll go be like what's going on
here blue now he's that physically
literally gonna do that I hope not but
when you have an incompetent
administration who doesn't care to do
its homework remember they give him
really important foreign policy matters
in the size of a tweet otherwise you
can't concentrate and they put his name
in it so and what does he do he hires
other incompetent people remember his
judges recently got laughed out of the
Senate some by fellow Republicans
because they've never been inside a
courtroom one was declared unanimously
by the American Bar Association as
completely incapable of doing the job
unqualified they said unanimously agreed
that he was unqualified now meanwhile in
other parts of the government they are
saying that you are not allowed to use
phrases like science-based and
evidence-based you want those guys
giving the orders on what kind of
pandemics we could play around with with
creating airborne viruses no no even
under careful watch and with this has
led to many problems in the past because
why we're humans we make mistakes you
make a mistake with a virus like this
and we're all in a world of trouble
literally so let me give you some
instances in the past that did not turn
out well in 2014
CNN reported that dozens of workers at
the CDC had been
accidentally exposed to anthrax while
others had mishandled samples of the
bacteria no staff were found to be
infected by the disease after prolonged
monitoring man I make it mistaken on air
and we get that maybe edit the video or
take it down we get to issue a
correction everybody lives you made a
mistake with anthrax because we're all
humans and we make mistakes and not
necessarily that everyone lives but way
to gets worse and a vice motherboard
report notes that between 2003 and 2009
there were 395 events reported that
could have resulted in exposure to toxic
agents although this resulted in just
seven infections so I'm sure that the
scientists working on it are doing it
with great intent but under this
administration the last thing I want
them doing is playing around with deadly
viruses that could be airborne and
affect millions of people on the planet
put down the viruses Trump has gone
viral enough let's just save this for
another time or perhaps never what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
