things have been developing incredibly
quickly since this morning I think it's
fair to say that we started the day
thinking
the Republicans are unabashed they're
just gonna push him through and it
appeared that they had the votes because
fairly early on today Senator Jeff Flake
said he would be voting in support of
Cavanaugh he was one of those votes on
the Republican side that we thought hey
maybe he'll would be convinced by
Christine Blasi Ford's testimony and
that appeared to be undercut by his
statements early this morning
then dramatic news it developed that he
was actually interested in some sort of
limited in scope and time FBI
investigation being done but at that
point it didn't mean that it was
actually going to happen but then things
continue to develop pressure was put on
the Republicans the Senate Judiciary
Committee came out with a statement
saying that they too would support this
investigation by the way in the
background perhaps working towards this
you had the American Bar Association
pushing for a halt and an investigation
you had the Yale Dean of the law school
where he went pushing for an
investigation and eventually flake and
then you had Collins and Murkowski and
Manchin coming out in support of that as
well and then we had I guess the first
and most responsible for actually having
this Donald Trump put out a statement
saying I've ordered the FBI to conduct a
supplemental investigation to update
Judge Cavanaugh's file as the Senate has
requested this update must be limited in
scope and completed it in less than one
week which get used to those words
because in the future if a Democrats
ever accused of anything the
investigation will be limited in scope
and time less than one week perhaps I
think when they were pushing for all the
Clinton investigations of the 90s
limited in scope is what they were
stressing from the very beginning but in
any event we are going to have at least
some sort of investigation and so what
what's your initial response did you
expect this are you you know heartened
by it do you think that it might be
setting us up for a defeat in a week
yeah so let's take it one at a time
first of all yes I'd like to note the
hypocrisy for the record and then we
could move on the Benghazi hearings were
not limited in time there was a
proximately 28 of them okay
it's a hyperbole but not by much I
believe there might literally have been
eight or nine Benghazi hearings and then
whitewater is a perfect example of not
limited in scope it was about a real
estate deal in Arizona by the time we
were finished they were talking about
cigars including Kavanagh who asked the
raunchiest most like literally the
dirtiest questions I've ever seen in
public life Cameron I thought we should
a probe into Clinton's sex life as
literally as as graphic as you could
imagine so interesting notif Apocrypha
on that too and what no one ever
remembers about the Whitewater hearings
against Bill Clinton was that at the end
cancer I was like by the way he didn't
do it nothing wrong with a real estate
deal at all
but those are the same guys now
complaining about sex questions okay now
as to these to this investigation it's
what we wanted we said a week they gave
us a week I don't know what limited in
scope means that's very important does
that mean only Christine Blasi Ford are
they not allowed to talk to Debbie
Ramirez are they not allowed to talk to
Julie sweat Nick I would want them to do
I'm not positive about the last two
because of some fact patterns that are
unclear for example a sweat Nick says
hey you know I Cavanaugh was that was
present during a situation where she was
gang-raped
I want the FBI asked him what is present
me I mean it he was in he participate
did not participate I mean that's a
heavy charge to level on someone and say
he's present and not clarified so I hope
it's not limited in that scope but it
might be so it's whether it'll be a
rubber stamp or a real investigation
well I guess that's up to the FBI I feel
like this limited in scope thing is so
annoying and it's not you know look let
me tell you as with sex the just the tip
approach makes nobody happy
right so the limited scope is not gonna
make the Republicans happy cuz it's
still a one-week delay and as we've
heard from the hearings Cavanaugh's
bitching and moaning about how he's best
and days have been hell forever another
way oh my god I'm gonna die so he's
gonna be bitching about it they're gonna
be bitching about it the Democrats are
gonna be bitching if they are too
limited in scope so this just makes
nobody happy
yeah I think that
I mean I'm jaded enough to agree that
it's it's likely that the limited in
scope portion of that could undermine
any good intentions that are coming from
people like Senator Jeff Flake I'm
worried that they might be using this as
a way to hush democrats up and also you
know play this game and make it seem
like they did their you know their duty
their due diligence in this whole case
so the american people are convinced
that the bad actors here are really the
democrats but either way i think it is
important to at least see senators on
the right finally accept that a further
FBI investigation makes sense so they
keep mentioning how Cavanaugh has been
investigated in the past but here's the
thing you sometimes you don't find what
you don't know you're looking for right
and so now the FBI has a bunch of names
that they should go to people that they
should go to and conduct a bunch of
interviews including mark judge who
finally today said that he would
cooperate with any investigation and I
think he absolutely should and I think
the FBI needs to go to him directly yeah
yeah there's been six background checks
and you know that this didn't come up
okay well they didn't talk to her so how
would it have come up they just stare at
him across the table for a bit any
brothers though I had tried to rape
somebody no that didn't happen so yeah
of course they didn't know about
Christine Blasi Ford until she came
forward now what are the ridiculous
situation that we're in where so many of
the Republican senators clearly were not
going to be swayed by anything it didn't
matter what Christine Blasi Ford said it
didn't matter how enraged and emotional
and hyperbolic Cavanaugh got they
weren't going to be affected by it there
was only a few that hypothetically might
flake is one that we thought might be
affected by that now as of right now
he's still gonna vote for him so perhaps
not so much but I am curious how Jeff
Flake is thinking about this so why
don't we play the video of him initially
requesting this investigation because it
does actually have a reference to the
scope thing in it I've been speaking
with a number of people on the other
side we've had conversations ongoing for
a while with regard to making sure that
we do due diligence here and I think it
would be
proper to delay the floor vote for up to
but not more than one week in order to
let the FBI continue to do an
investigation limited in time and scope
to the current allegations that are
there and limited time to no more than
one week and I will vote to advance the
bill to the floor with that
understanding he says there with the
current allegations well there isn't
just one current allegation there are
allegations and that doesn't mean that
he's gonna be held to that he doesn't
after all he's not gonna be setting up
the investigation and it's possible the
Trump will say you will only talk to
these four people or whatever forget
Debora mirrors forget all of that but he
seems at least interested in possibly
finding out a little bit more that's
going on I'm probably giving him too
much credit you've been so wishy-washy
even the way that he was saying like I
would feel more comfortable
what does I think I know what it means
and I'm gonna be a little bit more
optimistic than you guys so I think what
it means is I hope Murkowski and Collins
back me on this but I haven't had a
chance to confirm it with them and it
turns out later in the day they're like
yeah we're with like we need a week-long
investigation so that's what he meant by
like I hope we could kind of do this
right Lisa right Susan right and he
turns out he was right about then and
I'd also want to give him credit for his
permanently concerned face as we'll get
into a little bit later on the show
there might be a reason that at that
particular time that he's filming that
he's got some concern floating around in
his head no no go back to John Fraser
because I like how flake is behind him
concerned even about John
so buddy he always looks like that to be
fair okay so now why am i more a little
bit more optimistic so first of all
let's just acknowledge that they blinked
because this is not the right time for
them to say okay fine FBI investigation
the right time would have been the
minute dick Durbin asked Kavanagh
instead of going well I mean I don't
know really FBI I don't know if we
should look into that
if Cavanaugh could have said damn right
of course I want an FBI investigation to
clear my name
that would have worked a lot better
instead he had to hem and haw again for
it with Durbin with Coons with comma
Harris and so this they did not play
this well so they they endured the
political damage of seeming to not want
an investigation which kind of looks
like a cover-up and then had to blink
and say okay investigation so that's it
was not three-dimensional chess they
lost on that issue okay secondly it's
not only the FBI and Donald Trump are
getting along great these days so it's
when when Trump says hey FBI okay do a
limited investigation in scope
FBI Mumbai remind me again what you said
about us the other day in a tweet right
okay all right no no no no we got the
investigation sit that we got it thank
you for the authority we appreciate it
so and now it doesn't quite work that
way it's different people within the FBI
and they're not supposed to hold grudges
and they probably don't but I think it
is fair to say that they have acted
independently from the White House so
once you give them some authority it'll
be interesting to see how they conduct
conduct themselves and then finally even
if they they do throw the game and
they've like hey look on that we could
seem neutral to trump or unbiased by
giving Trump and the Republicans what
they want a BS investigation at the end
of the day there is one other things
that Republicans have to concern
themselves with and it's this right and
because if a week later they come out
and they're like oh yeah we looked into
it I mean we talked to one or two people
and and I mainly talked to Cavanaugh and
Cavanaugh says they didn't do it
well there's all of us there's all the
women across the country there's all the
people who're concerned across the
country and go that was your
investigation Oh mmm okay but we'll see
you in November
so and you think well okay yeah what do
they care no they do care because they
could lose a lot of those swing seats in
Florida and so many other places so but
it doesn't mean that they're not gonna
get you know a rush job where they go
well they I couldn't conclude it
couldn't conclude what can we do we
gotta move on we got a boat and that is
entirely possible one last wrinkle to
this which then goes back to pessimism
which is that they might think we're
gonna lose elections anyway this is our
last great hope to get an angry male on
the court and boy he's angry and he
hates the Democrats so before we lose
let's get them on there you know it's
funny because all of this has been so
hectic and crazy and there's been so
many updates that I haven't really had a
chance to sit and think about the
statements regarding how limited this
investigation will be how it's a limited
scope investigation and now I'm just
kind of angry like I'm glad they're
gonna be investigating but are you
kidding me right now like there are
allegations of rape involved limited in
scope what does that mean no not limited
in scope this is a serious crime I know
that he's not facing a criminal
investigation yet but right now we're
talking about someone we're talking
about someone on the highest level of
the US justice system who could
potentially be a rapist and we're having
conversations about let's do a limited
scope investigation to suss out whether
or not this guy should be a Supreme
Court justice get the hell out of here
these people are supposed to be
representing us the only role of the
government is to protect its citizens
and we don't have that okay we have a
bunch of elderly clowns let's just keep
it 100 running the Senate in Congress
not representing our best interests and
at the end of the day what is it that
they love about Cavanaugh so much that
they're willing to sacrifice our safety
to get him you know confirmed to the
Supreme Court justice he's pro-corporate
okay so I'm very curious what the
corporate backers are doing behind the
scenes to ensure that these Republican
senators push him through as a Supreme
Court justice as soon as possible and by
the way so you mentioned the the actual
accusations of rape or at least being
there that's that's what they're calling
like the craziest and it's it's the porn
lawyer is talking
the gang rape accusations believe in
that one the craziest one they woman
that should be easiest to knock down she
says that Kavanaugh and Mark judge were
involved in these non-consensual gang
rapes
okay well mark judges ex-girlfriend just
came out and said that mark judge
admitted to doing this he denies that
but what it what did the Julie sweat
Nick coordinate with one of his
ex-girlfriend's from years ago back in
college to put this up or did she just
accidentally come up with a theory that
one of his exes is willing to
corroborate I mean what are what are the
chances of that that she just
accidentally happened onto a crazy
radical lie that also is confirmed by
someone who knows Cavanaugh's best
friend and drinking buddy what's bugging
me too is that everyone's jumping on the
sweat Nick accusation is being the most
horrible one but even dr. Ford's
accusation alone like she thought she
was gonna die face and she couldn't
breathe and people are like it's just
groping like teenage boy doesn't throw
up it's like are you out of your mind if
you're any man who has never covered a
woman's mouth while trying to rip her
clothes off to the point where she
couldn't breathe you should be enraged
by it exactly and by the way I just want
to clarify one thing when I mentioned
elderly senators I'm not saying that
because I think oh they're older so we
shouldn't take them seriously I'm saying
that because a lot of them are from a
different time and when you hear phrases
like make America great again what does
that include it includes a time when a
mirror when American women or women in
general in this country would just have
to take it and shut up okay they had no
justice on their side and and so I feel
like they're from a time where they
don't understand the gravity of this
situation and how much it affects
women's lives they're from a time when
it was acceptable when it wasn't that
big of a deal
one last thing to give you a sense of
who might be right and who might not and
let's just all hope that the FBI does a
real investigation in which case we
might be closer to finding out is that
if I'm Kavanagh and I think the or the
Republicans and I think it's the sweat
make allegations that's the third woman
are outrageous and ridiculous
I think please investigate because we'll
be able to knock that one down
really
easily and then we will go all across
the country girl we knew it we told you
we told you is all fake even if the
other two are not fake it would give
them an ability to call everything fake
if they could disprove one limited in
scope you shouldn't want to dive into
the sweat and Galatians immediately to
show how false they are because they are
you're saying they sound outrageous
right well then go show how outrageous
they are and if it's false then you're
gonna have you know a huge win on your
side I don't know why you would want to
limit that scope
unless you think sweating eggs right her
allegation is about gang rape or right
man and if you think that and you know
don't look into it Wow Wow okay but
we'll see
so guys but bottom line is Anna's
righteous anger is absolutely spot-on
but we asked for a week long an FBI
investigation yesterday and we got one
so cross your fingers as the FBI is
gonna do it honestly and and that's our
best hope so let's see what they come up
with like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from the Young Turks
