during Donald Trump's impromptu
interview with the New York Times he
talked about how the media wants him to
get reelected because it's good for
their ratings
here's his exact quote another reason
that we're going to win another four
years is because newspapers television
all forms of media will tank if I'm not
there because without me their ratings
are going down the tubes okay so okay
look I'm actually gonna defend him a
little bit in in what he just said so
hold just give me an opportunity to do
it before people start going crazy but
let me give you the rest of his
statement as well he said without me the
New York Times will indeed be not the
failing New York Times but the failed to
New York Times mind you he's speaking to
a reporter from the New York Times so
thank you okay and then finally they
basically have to let me win and
eventually probably six months before
the election they'll be loving me
because they're saying please please
don't lose Donald Trump okay so there's
so much to break apart here first of all
if the New York Times is failing why'd
he just give him a 30-minute interview
so if a random you know blog came up to
you would you give him a 30-minute I
read no because you really respect the
New York Times let's keep it real so I'm
with Ana I agree and disagree with parts
of this I think that well some parts of
the media did love Donald Trump they
love him so much during the election
they chose empty podium they'd be a
giant Bernie Sanders rally going on 12
15,000 people and they wouldn't show it
they just show an empty podium of Donald
Trump so and it's not like Bernie it
didn't do well in the ratings he did he
online rest of media would talk about
all Bernie Goetz clicks but uh okay all
right so you agree that he actually also
gets really Gray's but it doesn't matter
it was Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump
because they found him to be
entertaining here's another thing that I
agree with he he says that without me
their ratings are gonna go down well
there's some truth to that the ratings
for all television is going down and
cable news has been okay partly because
the guy's a lunatic and he'll say crazy
stuff and then people wanted to an end
to see what crazy things that he said
the part that I don't agree with is he
projecting onto the media what he's the
way he sings so he says they'll be dying
they'll be loving me six months before
the election in other words he thinks
they're gonna rig it and give them
positive coverage before the election to
keep him right now they're not gonna do
that that's not generally speaking not
what they do
you could have legitimate conversations
about their bias but they don't all get
together in a room and go hey is it good
good as where are my ratings so she okay
everybody now switch we're all gonna
pretend to love Donald Trump that's not
how it works but in everything he does
that is how things work they go do we
like this guy oh don't we don't like
this guy we like him okay we're gonna
give him stuff we don't like him we're
gonna hammer him and says he operates
that way he assumes everyone else does
but it's also just trainwreck television
yeah I mean that's all it is you know
news outlets I they love this right and
it gets a lot of clicks and yeah like
you said he's gonna say something stupid
but it's not like news is gonna go out
of business if we get back to having a
grown up for president you know what I
mean like news existed from the
beginning and it will still exist after
he's gone they'll they'll cover it
because it's the craziest thing I mean
you know it's it's like what Real
Housewives of the blank write so that so
you watch it because they're gonna start
cat fighting and yelling and this and
that if that show goes off it's not like
the Bravo networks like all right we're
done we're out of business they'll just
show something else well yeah but you
know what I mean like it's this is more
of his insane ego it's insane to say
that newspapers and television news
we'll all go out of business when I go
away that's what he's saying he's like
they'll go out of the New York Times
will shut down the day that Donald Trump
leads you know that do you know the New
York Times has survived world wars you
know an economic collapse and you name
it and this it's been there but the day
Donald Trump leaves they're like all
right let's lock it up let's shut down
his criticisms are so incredibly
unoriginal and
it's always Vanity Fair on its last leg
a failing New York Times failing NFL
like everything is failing everything is
losing with viewership ratings whatever
it is I mean just think of something
different like try to switch it up a
little bit right but I agree with you I
the news especially the New York Times
will always be around but when I say
that I'm gonna defend him a little bit
it does speak to a little of what you
mentioned jank and also just memories of
what media people said during this last
election okay like less Leslie Moonves
who was saying oh you know Trump bad for
the country but great for our ratings he
got a lot of heat for saying that he's
the head of CBS but he said it he said
it and then later you tried to walk it
back a little bit but it's true yeah
it's good for your ratings because
people love tragedy porn people love
watching train wrecks and he was
entertaining there's no question about
it but another reason why I think the
media covered him so much and gave him
all of this free advertising is because
they didn't have to talk about policy
right he was a great distraction from
content that actually mattered how much
conversation did you see about policy
during the 2016 election on cable news
very little well you know and I let me
go a step further there what's
interesting is for all the covers of
Trump got during the election and
afterwards the one part of his stump
speech is that they almost never covered
was when he talked about the swamp you
actually heard more about the swamp
after he won the election than during
the election itself because that talks
about corruption and the last thing
television wants to talk about is
corruption they buried under the excuse
of Oh campaign finance reform is an
arcane topic that people don't care
about meanwhile both Bernie Sanders and
Donald Trump is are lighting up stadium
full of people by talking about the
corruption now why doesn't television
want to talk about the substance
especially that issue because most of
the money in money in politics goes to
TV billions of dollars right so they are
paid not to care about that and to hush
that up so that's the one thing they
didn't cover with Trump now it if he had
knew us if he had any bit of
intelligence he could
make an interesting point about the
media saying look MSNBC's ratings are up
because they're oppositional to my
administration and their ratings will go
down if I if I'm not around to be this
volatile character that would be
accurate imagine him making a statement
let's back up let's back up and look at
some of the words in that sentence you
just use volatility gonna say that when
it when when is he gonna say that one is
bipartisan and and so the second part of
that is that the New York Times actually
is in great shape it's in way better
shape than it was a bunch of years ago
because they've switched to a model
where they are relying more heavily on
subscribers as we do than they are in
advertisers and by the way that has made
their reporting much tougher and and I
would argue even more accurate more
probing why because they're trying to
serve the audience rather than serve
their advertisers so they've buried a
Harvey Weinstein story when two thirds
of their money came from advertisers and
Miramax and the companies that want to
see Moran were huge advertisers in the
New York Times now that two thirds their
money comes from subscription they
killed Weinstein right and so I so those
phenomenons are fascinating you think
Trump knows any of that know any of it
so the New York Times actually of all
the people that he mentioned is in the
best shape and with Adam they'll be
perfectly fine in the last point is what
Alonzo said after every election people
come up to us and they go oh okay are
you guys gonna go out of business I mean
it was still like you got a big peak in
the election and now you're done right
I'm like look at the word news we're in
the news business the word new is in
news quick eight is the plural of new so
yes other things come up we're totally
fine we were find out for every election
and all the media still exists and and
of course the bottom line is the reason
he says this is because he thinks the
planet revolves around his big orange
head what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you can get it completely ad free if
you could
come a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
