the progressive revolution doesn't stop
when the live show ends join the home of
progressives and become a TYT member
today click the link below various
politicians including Donald Trump and
members of right-wing media have been
fear-mongering and spreading propaganda
about the migrant caravan that is headed
for the United States now just to give
you a taste of some of the things that
we're hearing first we had Donald Trump
claiming that the caravan has now been
co-opted by Islamic extremists Middle
Easterners there has been absolutely no
evidence of that but Sarah Huckabee
Sanders his press secretary has doubled
down on that notion and just said today
the president absolutely has evidence of
unknown Middle Easterners traveling with
the caravan again there are reporters on
the scene and they are reporting that
there is absolutely no evidence of
Middle Easterners in the caravan
whatsoever also reporters traveling with
the caravan this is what Trump said
reporters traveling with the caravan
would find ms-13 you're going to find
Middle Eastern you're going to find
everything and so reporters looked and
of course they found none of those
things none of those people in the
caravan and so it's what you hear 24/7
right now with the right-wing both
politicians and media in fact our very
own Jared Jackson put together a
compilation video to give you a taste of
what you can experience you're about to
see Pam Bondi in some of these clips she
is the Attorney General for the state of
Florida who is angling for a Fox News
job and get a load of some of the things
she and others have to say about the
caravan a large group of people the
court a caravan
true refugees fleeing oppression will
encamped or ever they can away from
their place of origin they're not here
peacefully in other words well then stay
in Mexico as the caravan and look that
is an assault on our country
this mobile mob a lot of people calling
it invasions it's violent it's got to
stop well it's no wonder the mobile mob
feels of bowls them I've seen firsthand
what comes into our country from Mexico
from China to Mexico they know that
there is protection in numbers that if
they flood the zone they'll be able to
overwhelm Border Patrol officials the
heroin the fentanyl all the drugs the
gang members I'm talking to a lot of
your people and they're going to form a
wall different kind of a wall until we
get the other one built we need a wall
built fast fast okay so as usual none of
it is true
Matt Gutman from ABC News said I spent
seven years in the Middle East I speak a
little bit of Arabic and we went and
tried to find Middle Easterners there
are no Middle Easterners in that Caravan
I mean what a preposterous thought that
Middle Easterners would somehow wind up
in Honduras and join a caravan coming up
here are they violent there's absolutely
no evidence of that they are suggesting
as if they're going to break through
some sort of fence no they're going to a
port where they're going to seek asylum
legally never mentioned on Fox News a
mobile mob is what the graphic said next
to Laura Ingraham
but look the good news is I think it's
backfiring
Trump's poll numbers are in disastrous
shape and and their idea and this is why
Andrew Gilliam in the Florida governor's
race the very first thing he did after
you want the primary and Andrew Gilliam
on the primary he said you don't want to
monkey this up it was a clear racial
reference to Andrew Gilliam why why
would he say something so outrageous
because he thinks we're gonna rile up
one we're gonna have one last dance here
when a rile up are a white racist voters
and do the Southern Strategy one
more time okay but I think the good news
is there it that the country is not
nearly as racist as they think it is yes
there is plenty of that plenty but nah I
don't think it's enough to win the
election for DeSantis who said that
about Gilliam right and and I don't
think it's enough for them to win the
house and what they don't realize
they're doing is right before the
election they're spitting in every
Latinos face every minorities face and
like goading them to go and vote they're
like oh you're not gonna vote well I got
good news for you I can't stand you
I'll make up every kind of lie to
demonize you and to make sure that
people hate you and are riled up against
you well all right duly noted
right now the Trump administration is
making the same mistake that some on the
Left made following the 2016 election so
right now this is all a political
strategy right so what you're seeing in
this messaging is a way of trying to get
the you know right wing rapport right
wing voters excited to go to the polls
right because Democrats thought that was
the one and only thing that convinced
you know Republicans to go out there and
vote they voted for Trump because of you
know their racist tendencies but the
fact of the matter is with the 2016
election as we all know there were a
number of factors that played a role in
Trump winning the election it wasn't
just you know his his his slander toward
minorities and all that stuff that
played a role but that wasn't in my
opinion that wasn't really the dominant
factor and so I think that he's using
the streams the same strategy thinking
that this is the main thing that's gonna
get Republicans elected over Democrats
and I I agree with you I don't think
that's really gonna happen look I think
half of us as I've said a million times
half of his voters are the deplorable 's
ND and somewhat unlikely voters showed
up to vote for him because like oh wow
man finally something somebody's saying
what I've always been thinking and they
might not consider themselves racist but
they're like hey he had to courage to
say what's true that those people are
inferior to us
right and so but a lot of his voters
were a loved idea of draining the swamp
and all he's done is corruption ever
since he came into office and it's
glaringly obvious without those voters
all you have left is 25 percent of the
country I Got News for you that done win
elections too easy wasteful Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
