what happens to cops after they get
fired getting caught sleeping with
prostitutes while they're on the clock
or refusing to respond to calls when
their other officers are at risk well
they get fired and then later hired at
other smaller departments at least that
those were the findings of an expose
done by The Washington Post which was
excellent in terms of investigative
reporting and found that cops who were
fired it from the New Orleans Police
Department were later hired at smaller
departments nearby so here's what they
found in the past decade the department
has fired or otherwise pushed out at
least 248 officers of those forced out
53 have been hired by other police
departments mind you that out of those
53 there have been cases of police
officers who then got fired at other
departments and then rehired at other
apartments and then fired again and then
hired again it's insane so I'm gonna
give you the details and they did
profile a couple of the officers I don't
have time to get into every single one
that they profiled but the officer that
stood out that most to me was Carrie
dykes and when I tell you his story it
is just unbelievable so former New
Orleans police superintendent Ronal
Serpas said that sheriff's and other
chiefs often justify rehiring officers
by dismissing their problems as
political as a result troubled officers
remain in policing he said another
finding through this report is that
smaller departments usually don't or say
they don't have the resources to train
young new police officers and it's
actually cheaper to just rehire people
who have already been trained so that
kind of goes to the point that keeps
coming up over and over again when
police brutality stories make headlines
there are issues with training and in
some cases police officers who have been
fired because of the fact that they
haven't been following guidelines or in
some cases have broken laws get rehired
because the smaller departments are like
oh he was trained at some point long ago
yeah and when they say political they
mean someone was fervently Republican or
Democrat and sure there could be a
couple of cases of office politics but
largely they mean this guy beat the
living crap out of someone and I guess
he got caught it and got on the media so
got all political and dad to let him go
but we're happy to have him beat the
living crap out of people at our
department this is insane okay so let's
talk a little bit about Kerry dykes the
officer that I mentioned earlier so he
had been fired by the department in New
Orleans because he was caught up in a
sting operation they had to conduct a
sting operation on one of their own
police officers because they because
they had reason to suspect that he was
using his time as a cop to sleep with
prostitutes so Kerry dykes was suspended
three times for violating department
policies including failing to follow
instructions and filing incomplete
reports now those were some of the
initial issues that the department
experienced with him in July of 2010 a
woman told police officials that an
officer was paying women for sex
she told internal affairs investigators
that the officer spent some of his
nightly shifts cruising the streets
quote picking up women working girls she
complained that she had sex with him but
was not paid okay so the department
decided to investigate this to their
credit and through their investigation
they actually found that there were
motel records that showed that dykes
rented a room a forty five dollar room
checking in with his driver's license at
250 a.m. in the middle of his patrol
shift so that was evidence that
essentially reinforced what the woman
came forward with then from the sting
operation they found that yes indeed he
was using that time to sleep with
prostitutes and that on the stings fifth
night investigators watched dykes parked
car or park his squad car at the London
Lodge at 3:35 a.m. almost an hour later
a 911 call came in from nearby two men
had wrecked a Chevy Tahoe and fled on
foot armed with assault rifles so he was
called immediately to come help
he ignored that call then gunfire broke
out he ignored that call as well things
got so bad that you know some of the
police officers were actually concerned
that maybe something happened to him
like let's go check in why isn't he
responding to these calls they go to his
car and they find that he's asleep so
there's a host of issues here the most
minor one was one we haven't even
discussed here but I am saying minor in
terms of the treatment that it's gotten
but in reality it's perhaps the most
important one is that he was sued for
assaulting people several times for
brutality one time he assaulted a
pregnant woman they did a small payout
for her and another time he was quote he
brutally beat a man with nightsticks and
so that these days has become a minor
problem I mean he beats the living crap
out of people and and as a cop that
we've empowered him with a gun and a
badge etcetera but it's easier to catch
him on the other stuff like this because
for cops they're like no I'm so like the
pregnant woman seemed a little unruly
that's why I kicked her ass right but
but it's harder to make excuses when
you're sleeping in your patrol car and
another cop takes a picture of it while
you're supposed to be helping other cops
who are getting shot at and by the way
one is one of the reasons that this
guy's kicked out whereas others are
protected is you're endangering fellow
cops lives and that they have no
tolerance for exactly and keep in mind
this is someone who is using his time
getting paid by taxpayer money to break
the law right look I think prostitution
should be legal but keep in mind he is
sleeping with prostitutes which is a
crime right he is clearly breaking the
law and you would think all right well
he's gotten fired and that's it his
police career is over but no it wasn't
over he actually got hired by a
different department so months after he
was fired dykes applied for a police job
at Delgado Community College in New
Orleans and on August 5th of 2011 the
Community College offered him a job with
its police force hiring him
about $12,000 less than he said he made
in New Orleans so he got hired at a
community college so the local police
department says Sheriff department's
hire people for two reasons one Ana told
you about in length because it's easier
because they're already certified the
other is because they're willing to take
a pay cut since they can't get hired
anywhere else so like oh you're gonna
work for cheap because you used to beat
the crap out of people asleep with
prostitutes
and by the way not even pay them not
have the decency to pay them while
you're supposed to be working
protecting the community like but with
him like I'm kind of glad he wasn't on
the beat you know I'd rather probably
have him sleeping in his car than then
protecting the community but come on
when people are getting shot at
especially your fellow officers get up
already Jesus Christ so he he gets hired
at this Community College and then he
actually applies for a second policing
job in July of 2016 while employed at
Delgado Dyke secured a second job at the
Orleans Parish Sheriff's Office as a
reserve duty sheriff he continues to
work at both departments so that is
essentially what happens and and in
Louisiana they have a certification
program right so if you want to be a cop
you have to be us you have to have
certain credentials you have to be
certified to be a cop if you do anything
wrong if you do anything illegal you are
supposed to be decertified that way you
don't get hired at other departments the
Washington Post found that in the last
decade not a single cop has been
decertified yeah of course because they
protect their own and right or wrong and
so last thing on this is police unions
are an excellent case for and against
unions
oh man that Union protects its own more
than anything I have ever seen if you're
in that union you're made for life you
know how many times this guy dykes
violated police department rules 17
times and they still couldn't fire him
and they had to go and they had to do a
sting and they had to catch him what the
though motel with
the hookers and sleeping and I had to do
all this stuff to finally fire them so
you used to protect you on the other
hand sometimes they they protect these
cops at the expense of everyone else so
upside and downside but they are strong
and when you have a strong union it does
protect the workers if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
