Terk of the year there's four people
that are runner-ups
and and then and then a winner and we do
this every year so let me give you the
different candidates that we considered
that we thought were great the women's
March organizers
it was an amazing March for all the
people who showed up it was it was
fantastic
particularly the woman who organized
that were heroic and and made a big
difference it could have easily won Turk
of a year I don't like to give it to
groups I try to make it as specific as
possible some collection of people won
in this case in this year because it was
unavoidable but but not to take anything
away from any of these people who were
all did wonderful things this year well
the next candidate it's a little bit
tragic it's it's Heather hire and so she
was a person who was run over and killed
by the neo-nazis in Charlottesville and
and the reason to put her on the list is
because she had the bravery and the
courage to go out there and knowing that
they some of the people on the other
side were vicious knowing that they had
violent tennant the season knowing that
the neo-nazis were marching in that town
she stood up she could have stayed at
home she could have stayed on her couch
and watching TV but no she wanted to go
out there and she did it peacefully and
and again she is symbolic of all the
people who have actually taken some
action to protest the fascists in our
midst
unfortunately she paid the ultimate
price for that and and so I just wanted
to recognize her courage and and it's
well deserved obviously so it our hearts
go out to her and our family okay now
next on the list is Jimmy Kimmel and the
of course these are not in order except
for the the final winner and and I want
to give Jimmy Kimmel a lot of credit
because if you don't know in the
entertainment world they tell you all
the time don't be political whatever you
do don't offend anyone just be
milquetoast be safe be vanilla be
uninteresting well Jimmy Kimmel broke
that rule this year and he went out
and called out Republican senators by
name during the health care bill and he
said you're gonna get people killed he
was absolutely right up to as many as
thirty three million people were gonna
lose their insurance and Jimmy Kimmel
being so vocal about it was not the only
thing that swung it by by any stretch of
the imagination it was the only thing
that made that bill incredibly unpopular
and it was down to seventeen percent in
popularity but it did take courage and
it did make a difference and he caused
so many others to talk about the issues
that Kimmel had brought up he did a
wonderful job with it and and he then
later called out Roy Moore as well so in
terms of the entertainment world that's
as much profiles encourages as you're
gonna get and it was great so belongs on
the list know no doubt about it and then
want one more candidate here and that's
Jeremy Corbyn for a Turk of the year
here's a guy that all of the British
punditry elites intellectuals said oh
that's socialist that's no chance no
chance at all and they count him out in
every conceivable way they ridiculed him
and derided him throughout and he he was
at about a twenty four point deficit
with only a month before they go to go
before the elections and he nearly won
he closed a gigantic deficit about
twenty points he closed within a month
and you know why because he put together
a platform that actually represented the
people and and the establishment filled
with their corruption and in looking out
for their friends and people in industry
and multinational corporations or you
are not used to a populace like Jeremy
Corbyn giving them a real challenge but
when he had a platform that actually I
want to represent the people in the UK
no matter how little support he had
among the elites he still did a
wonderful job of pushing that forward
and almost winning and next time watch
out because he's not going anywhere
okay now finally the the folks who won
turkey of the year here is a number of
women it's of course all the women that
are involved
and the me2 movement but I want to show
you three that we picked in particular
but again it of course is the entire
movement and everyone who was involved
but the the three that are named here
are Tirana Berk
Alyssa Milano and gretchen carlson I'll
tell you why so if you're not familiar
with Bert yeah you should be she
actually came up with the idea of the
me2 Moomin all the way back in 2007 and
so you might say well that was too early
and that's not this movement no no
that's what you do you if you have an
idea and you want to protect woman in
the and she wanted to and she's heard
the stories of sexual assault and sexual
harassment and she wanted to fight back
in she started an organization to do
that you never know where those ripples
wind up but she dared to throw that
pebble in the pond when it was not
popular and ten years later it was
picked up and made a worldwide movement
that in my opinion liberated fifty
percent of the population I don't think
that's an exaggeration I think that this
year we saw how many women were
suffering a sexual harassment at work
and and had not come forward because of
the intimidation because of the public
pressure because of the power and now
having come forward they have created an
environment that is much harder to
commit those heinous acts of sexual
harassment sexual assault still happens
no question about it still a long road
to go but they made tremendous progress
so the reason Alyssa Milano's on there
she's one of the first accusers as well
in 2017 but started the me2 movement on
Twitter later then when gave back gave
credit to Burke once she realized that
Burke had started it earlier but
Milano's tweet is the one I think
reached 12 million people and really
launched that movement but gretchen
carlson who is a conservative fox news
anchor or was also should be mentioned
here and and is part of who are Turk of
the year is because she's the first one
that came forward against Roger Ailes
and that was an incredibly difficult
thing to do because Ellis had are you
believe more power than any
conservative in the country and if
you're a conservative like Carlson it's
hard to get a job anywhere else but Fox
News and she had a job there and it paid
really well and she knew that if she
came out against Ailes there would be a
world of pain and hate from her own side
and that is what happened in the
beginning but she was brave she was
strong she fought back and next thing
you know it started a conversation where
other woman came forward at Fox News and
revealed what Roger Ailes had done and
then eventually Bill O'Reilly but more
important than Fox News was the movement
that started that then had Harvey
Weinstein outed and so many others and
so for her role in that movement I
wanted to name her specifically as well
so a terrific collection of wonderful
human beings who stood up not just for
themselves but for other women and for
decency overall in the country and made
a gigantic difference so thank you to
all of them and a well-deserved
Terk of the year if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
you know I'm like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
