Brent welders running in Kansas he's a
true progressive and he's running the
third district against Kevin Yoder and
there's a ton of good news that's coming
out of this race I think he's now one of
the most likely uncorrupted progressive
to win in in in the next round and so
let me tell you why I think it's likely
and of course now there's a twist where
the establishment Democrats might not
necessarily be in this corner which is
maddening all right so first of all
Yoder is in deep trouble
this district yes it's in Kansas but
it's one of only five Republican held
congressional districts in the whole
country that voted for Bernie Sanders in
the primary and Hillary Clinton in the
general election so the fact that I
voted for Hillary Clinton the general
election means obviously a Democrat can
win it even Hillary won it but they
naturally want to go towards an
uncorrupted progressive that's why
Bernie won it in during the primary so
it's an incredibly winnable race now the
good news for Brent welder is his main
opponent just dropped out and I told you
about that just a couple of days ago and
so he's now the clear leader and he's
already raised a lot of money I think a
little bit over $200,000 or a little
under in that ballpark and and he needs
50,000 more to get to $250,000 why is
that important because even though the
field is cleared he's in great shape
both financially and every other metric
he's a Bernie Sanders supporter you know
Bernie Sanders actually put him on the
Democratic national platform committee
and you know what was the amendment he
wrote for the entire Democratic National
Committee throughout the whole country
he wrote the amendment to get money out
of politics look if there's one
progressive candidate you're in sport
well there's a lot that you should
support but brent was well the first
members ever at TYT
he was a volunteer for Wolfpack he was a
Bernie Sanders supporter who wrote the
amendment to get money out of politics
he's a people who support them are the
National Nurses Union our revolution in
Kansas City just Democrats and killer
Mike and Cornel West this guy's got
all the progressive bona fides so but
the Democratic Party looks at that and
they're like we might try to put someone
else in the race what are you doing what
are you doing don't do that he's a great
candidate he's got this but they can't
believe that someone uncorrupted could
actually win it drives me nuts so go
help Brent look one of the things you do
Brent welder calm slash tyt it's
apparently a new link that they put up
all the links are always in the
description box with the comment section
if your description box for youtube
comment section for facebook if you're
watching these in either one of those
platforms and so if they get to $250,000
though that that I think is a sign that
the establishment Democrats were like
well that's a lot of money and he raised
it all from small donors and and perhaps
they don't introduce a primary opponent
to him to try to take away his energy
etc now what happened they establishment
Democrats during 2016 they kept saying
primaries are bad primaries are bad no
primary Hillary Clinton the minute isn't
justice Democrat that's leading in a
race they're like we got a primary who
cares that everybody else dropped out
just grab someone anyone and throw them
in the race don't do that he's gonna win
let him win if you're in the third
District in in Kansas by God go and
volunteer for him we'll have all the
links below for how you can participate
time is more important than money but if
you look all these small donor donations
are winning races this huge write up
recently about how it won the seat for
the Democrats in Virginia and in that
case that wasn't really a progressive
and he proved it right after the
election dear your time your efforts
your energy towards progressives were
going to actually represent you wouldn't
it be wonderful to have an uncorrupted
progressive serving the people who in
Kansas in the middle of Kansas so one
more thing about his the Republican
opponent Kevin Yoder he is the top
recipient in Congress from the payday
loan industry man they have no shame one
guy who refused to take corporate PAC
money the other guy is saying too
present-day loan sharks yeah charge 300%
interests sometimes interest into the
thousands of percents who cares
give me the money as long as he takes
the money from the payday loan industry
and he's number one in that he's not
gonna represent you in Kansas it doesn't
matter where you are in the political
spectrum Yoder isn't for you guys
Brent welder has proven over and over
again that he's gonna represent you guys
go help him right now it can make all
the difference especially right now so
helping raise another $50,000 getting to
250 and and let's make sure that he is
our candidate the candidate that can
represent all progressives and yes all
Democrats Democrats are supposed to be
progressive why would you want a
corporate guy in there why would you
guys want a guy who you think might
represent the donors we've got a great
guy who's gonna win let him win help him
win Brant welder go support him
