senator Orrin Hatch from Utah is
planning on going for re-election he
plans to run again even though he is 86
years old and promised that he would not
seek reelection now there are politics
behind that that we'll get to in just a
second but why do we think he's going to
run for re-election well he gave this
statement recently I'm planning on
running again because I still have the
chairmanship of the Finance Committee
and they'll never be they'll never be
another Utah Utah and how do you say
that no one knows okay
there'll be no not even the people
they'll never be another person from
Utah
that's chairman of the committee at
least not for 40 or 50 years okay so now
that prompted a somewhat critical op eds
paper in Utah
it was a Tribune editorial the Salt Lake
Tribune and they gave reasons for why
they don't want him to run for
re-election hatch his part in the
dramatic dismantling of the Bears ears
in Grand staircase-escalante national
monuments was one of the reasons another
reason was his role as chairman of the
Senate Finance Committee and passing a
major overhaul of the nation's tax code
now to be fair the editorial board at
the paper was in favor of that and that
was the reason why they were writing
this piece about him and they referred
to him as the Utah of the year so here's
my favorite part of Ana's telling of
that story when she wants you to calm
down and not jump to conclusions she
will reach out and tell you like hold on
hold on okay because it's like every
little thing is being critic everyone's
being critical of every little word that
comes out of your mouth
anyway so the editorial isn't saying
that it's a bad thing that he passed
that tax so one of the points that they
keep emphasizing is Warren hatch kept
saying that the tax cut was the main
reason he was staying in office and we
took him at his word and now he got the
tax cut that he'd always dreamed of yeah
so let's wrap this thing up so that's
reason number two why you should go and
now here's another thing that they were
critical of though his utter lack of
integrity
rises from his unquenchable thirst for
power damn now that's critical so that's
pretty critical and recently the
editorial director George pile was on
CNN I believe talking about why it is
that he's been so critical of Oren
hatchet I want you to hear from him you
know hear from him and and then judge
for yourself in regard to what he has to
say but then there's the political
component of what's going on behind the
scenes that I really want to talk about
yeah we'll talk about that after the
yeah
you mentioned something interesting
though you talked about a potential it
sounded like missed opportunity for
other candidates is that how you see
this orrin hatch staying in the Senate
leading to missed opportunities oh very
much so I think that he's resting on his
laurels he thinks this seat belongs to
him rather than to the people of Utah
again ten years ago those convention
system the Republican Party in you
thought took out senator bob bennett
with a challenge from the right senator
hatch was very much afraid that the same
thing would happen to him he ran saying
look I'm the influential guy in the
Senate you don't want to lose my my
power one of the two of the things I
will do with my power are chip and Daka
he did neither there's no particular
reason to believe that she deserves
another six years to do those things
anybody who would replace him from the
the middle of the Republican Party would
probably vote the same way but would
probably but be less in a position of
having gone back on his word and it'd
probably be rather less embarrassing in
the way he's cow telling to the
president I mean the the possible
alternative to Senator hatch whether as
a challenger or as a successor if the
senator is does step aside is Mitt
Romney you know 95 98 percent of the
time he would probably vote the same way
that a senator hatch would but we would
be spared the embarrassment of him
sucking up to the president so that was
good that was also my favorite part was
the anchor who she was looking to cut
him off I understand he was going a
little long and then he says like he
drops the hammer on hatch she's like oh
no keep going well he used the word
embarrassing yeah
and yeah at that point don't interrupt
him he's about to say some interesting
things I I love every part of what he
had to say toward the end there because
what look orrin hatch wasn't plant from
what I gather this is my read of the
situation he wasn't planning on running
for re-election homeboys 86 like no
offense to anyone who's 86 but senators
served six year terms homeboys 86 like
well it's time to pack up your bags like
go to retire enjoy the rest of your life
but the reason why he's seeking
re-election is because Trump doesn't
want Mitt Romney right
he doesn't want Mitt Romney he hates
Mitt Romney Mitt Romney hates him Mitt
Romney is less likely to kowtow and and
you know do whatever Trump wants him to
do Orrin Hatch on the other hand seems
to love Trump and will do anything for
Trump so let's break this down a little
bit further before I get to the MIT
Romney drama which I absolutely love let
me give you some great quotes and facts
here so number one Orrin Hatch has been
in the Senate for 42 years
longest serving Republican senator in US
history he's been a senator from Utah
longer than 60 percent of the population
of Utah has been alive
that's an amazing stat right 60 percent
of people that live in Utah were not
alive when Orrin Hatch first became a
u.s. senator if he gets reelected he'll
be 92 at the end of you know that term
in 1976 when he first ran against the
three-term incoming Frank moss he said
what do you call a senator who served in
office for 18 years you call him home
what do you call the senator who's made
an office for 42 years instead of 18
years you call him home in 1983 he
admonished others you should not fall in
love with DC elected politicians
shouldn't stay here too long
oops and so when he first came into this
is why people hate politicians when he
was first running against an incumbent
he was like oh we gotta get out the
incumbents the incumbents are terrible
they're you know too entrenched etcetera
now that he's in it companies like I'm
entrenched is it a wonderful
I'm the head of this committee you'll
never get an A another Utah to be a head
of this committee I have all this power
and I used to help my rich friends isn't
it great I just passed these giant tax
cuts not for you guys you're not gonna
get it
but 83% of tax cuts are gonna go to the
top one percent that's all my donors so
they want me to stay and Trump wants me
to stay
it's like kisses asked a day in and day
out and and part of the reason why
people in Utah man and by the way 3/4 of
them of people in Utah think that Orrin
Hatch should retire 3/4 that is that's
massive right so it's big one is because
that monuments thing is not a small
thing
conservatives are really pissed about
that too so he he cut bears National
Monument by 90% he was supposed to fight
on that and he didn't and he betrayed
not just progressives but conservatives
who care about public lands in Utah that
they use instead of letting corporations
use it right so and then the second
reason is Mormons don't love Trump
remember there was a challenger to Trump
a fifth party guy Evan McMullen who ran
in Utah and did really well in Utah and
part of the reason they don't like it is
Mormons actually identify a little bit
with outsiders and an immigrant
mentality so they didn't like Trump's
crass talk about that so every culture
in America is slightly different Mormons
are very conservative but they didn't
like the crassness of Donald Trump
especially in regards to that issue and
about and they're very carefully protect
obviously their religious identity and
and Trump is not as sensitive to that
conservatives have not been size of that
Steve Bannon was just talking about how
Mitt Romney ran away from Vietnam and
uses faith as an excuse more people in
Utah did not like that at all right so
for all these reasons they've got issues
with Orrin Hatch but really the
underlying power play here is Mitt
Romney's trying to squeeze Orrin Hatch
out of this see me look I keep Mitt
Romney credit for one thing and it's not
his diatribes against Trump that
happened from time to time or Roy Moore
as you remember after the election after
he called Trump a phony and a fraud then
he went became reek and when he thought
he could get the Secretary of State
position now the credit I'll give
Romney is that something bitch doesn't
give up like he wants to be President
more than anyone wants any job in this
country more than Hillary Clinton
apparently so because he lost it once he
lost the second time and now he's like
screw it I'll be a senator and I'll call
you know claw my way up from there so
this is him using every contact he's got
in Utah to me like I thought this
sumbitch was gonna leave it I was just
gonna walk into that seat he's not
leaving somebody give me a so do you
think that he will challenge him in a
primary so he thinks that it is it but
it's not politically savvy to challenge
him in a primary so he's trying to push
him off the cliff so that he could just
waltz in he got 73% of the vote in Utah
when he was up against Obama and the
presidential race in 2012
so if hatch isn't running that's a
Romney seat he'll take it in a cakewalk
right
but if hatch is running that's bloody
and it's and it'll you know and he might
lose and then all losing his Senate seat
that would be mortifying he's got to
have it guaranteed and and hatches a
fighter there's no reason I mean like
he's corrupt Eve serves all of his
donors etc but there's a reason why he's
been in Senate for 42 years he's not
gonna be easy to push out so this is
Romney and he is Romney's deeply
connected in Utah Romney's Mormon and
has all these connections and usually
using all of them to push hatch out the
door by the way hatches 83 not 86 I
don't know why he was 80 I thought he
was 86 but doesn't matter next year he's
going to be 84 and he's gonna he's I
just it's not about age yeah it is about
age you're you're you're in your mid 80s
I'm sorry like really you're gonna serve
a six-year term as a senator no no it's
not that look I see what you're saying
about age none and that is to
discriminate against age but like hey
dude enjoy the lobbyist money or
something goes like have no no it's it's
it's about create it's like providing an
opportunity for fresh blood that's what
I mean when I talk about is rose
Hannah but the main part of the age
thing is it's not how old he is is how
long he served and and there's look I
think conservatives making an
interesting point about term limits and
Coburn for all the he was a super weirdo
and I disagree with him on 98 out of 100
things but he said term limits said he
meant it and he left Congress so at
least he was honest about it
orrin hatch was never honest about any
of that stuff and and he's like Goa
means the appraisers holding on to that
Senate seat yes it 42 years is enough
yes
let someone else serve and it's not like
Utah's gonna pick it well I would love
it if they picked it progressive but
that's not the point here they're likely
to pick Mitt Romney which I got who I
have no love for at all it's just I'm
done with Orrin Hatch's lies in
corruption you just watch the video by
The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
