a new poll done by The Economist and
YouGov shows that an alarming percentage
of Americans believed that the Trump
administration has already repealed the
Affordable Care Act now maybe the reason
why they think that is because Trump
himself made it seem as though he did it
here is a quote from Trump regarding the
tax legislation that he signed into law
when the individual mandate is being
repealed that means Obamacare is being
repealed we have essentially repealed
Obamacare and we will come up with
something much better now of course what
he was referring to is the fact that the
tax bill which he signed into law gets
rid of the mandate that forces Americans
to buy private insurance starting in
2019 people will not be penalized if
they refuse to buy insurance now of
course that essentially guts a portion
of the Affordable Care Act but it
doesn't repeal it now here is what the
poll found after it's surveyed Americans
the poll asked survey respondents to
answer questions on Trump's campaign
promises including whether respondents
believe Trump has repealed Obamacare
about 31% of those surveyed answered yes
49 said no and 21% said they weren't
sure so 31% believe that the Affordable
Care Act has been repealed and of course
that is not the case look I don't blame
21% that aren't sure you know it's easy
to make fun of people who don't know all
the ins and outs of politics but one
it's not their job and to in this case
here appealed to mandate but not the
rest of the law so if you're confused by
that I get it but but here's a word of
caution
don't take what Trump says at face value
so if he says he repealed Obamacare
you might want to look into that because
of course he did not repeal the lion's
share of the law so let's break it down
based on political affiliation so more
Republicans actually believe that the
law was repealed than Democrats 44% of
Republicans believe the Trump had
repealed Obamacare compared to the 27%
of Democrats and 27% of independents who
believe he has eliminated Obama's
signature health care law so it might be
because more Republicans are willing to
believe what Trump says at face value
than Democrats definitely so I mean 27%
is a little dispiriting for Democrats
and independents to not realize what
actually happened but like I said in
this case it's a little bit more
understandable because he took away one
important aspect of it and so that's why
they might be confused but to me the
most important number is nearly 40% of
Republicans surveyed believe that Trump
had not repealed Obamacare so that means
by a margin of 44 to 40 as usual the
Republican electorate believes something
that is not true right and so what
worries me about that is you know moving
forward or looking forward to the next
general election which I'm exhausted and
don't want to think about you know my my
my question has always been is Trump's
base going to abandon him as he fails
legislatively or renege on certain
things that he promised while he was
campaigning and it seems like there's
some percentage of the Republican Party
that will never lose support because
they will just believe what Trump tells
them and so if Trump tells them I've
repealed the Affordable Care Act which
was one of his campaign promises they're
just going to go ahead and believe him
even though that's not true
know it look 25 percent the country will
vote for Trump or any Republican under
any and all circumstances America could
whole fall into the ocean and they'd be
like oh just Trump nailed it
it's big beautiful ocean water we always
wanted to be on the ocean anyway right
if Isis takes over the country and
they've planted their flag in Dubuque
and in Rochester the cross that's a
genius move well that's well that's
because then we're gonna counter-attack
and he wanted him to take Rochester
right and that's a blue state anyway
everybody knows that right so I mean
look dumb again excuse possible but
that's just 25% of the country they
still need a lot more people to win an
election and one of the things that I
believe will happen is that you never
underestimate Donald Trump's
incompetence
so far actually he's done he hasn't been
able to actually kill Obamacare which
was his main number-one priority even
before the tax cuts he didn't succeed at
that and and there's been all this
general chaos and incompetence but
nothing is cratered yet wait for it and
brace for impact because there's no way
Donald Trump stays in office for two
years and something massive doesn't
crater thanks to his incompetence yeah I
hope it doesn't happen but it almost
certainly will then that's when the rest
of Trump's voters go hmm because it's
easy for them now when stock markets up
and it seems and their corporations are
feasting on the tax cuts no yes
everything is great right for them to
think that everything's hunky-dory but
at some point reality has a way of
catching up with you what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
