all right welcome to rebel headquarters
we've got two great guests for you guys
Adrian Bell's gonna join us in a little
bit she's fighting down in Texas against
one of the worst for problems in the
country so I want you two guys to meet
as many of the candidates as you can
we're going to talk to a lot of
different progressive candidates
including next week Ben Jealous is gonna
be out he's running for governor of
Maryland and and he's a wonderful
progressive as well former head of the
n-double a-c-p what a big of Bernie
Sanders supporters there is okay now in
studio Paula Jean Swearengen running
against Joe Manchin one of the most
conservative Democrats there is in the
Senate paul-jean great to have you on
The Young Turks in rebel headquarters
how you doing great great so I had Joe
Manchin on the show and I asked him who
his top corporate donors were number one
he says he doesn't know do you believe
him no I don't believe him but I know
the coal industry and Marlatt
pharmaceutical yeah so he says that he's
just taking money from those folks
because he needs to run his campaigns
and he's going to look out for the coal
workers do you believe him on that
there's a clear difference between being
a friend of the coal industry and being
a friend of a coal miner and he doesn't
need four five billion dollars to run a
campaign that's absolutely ridiculous my
campaign I marched in May last year got
over $150,000 in small donations $14.25
and I'm still going so you can do it
yeah no he don't need that kind of money
he's financially invested in our demise
okay so we we had that number of $14 we
get that I hear you can get to up to
twenty seven dollars as an average so I
right away I want to give you guys links
to Paula Gene's website and everything
else and these links are always in the
description box below we were watching
this Paul G in 2018 dot-com and you see
just Democrats calm slash fall of 2018
to donate volunteers are the most
important thing so if you're in West
Virginia get out there and fight
so you know mansion usually says of his
opponents they don't understand coal
miners but you come from a family of
coal miners and so what did you learn
from that experience most of my family
worked in the coal industry and it's
been boom and bust and I've buried most
of my family to the coal industry the
market for coal right now is down it's
not recovering it's not projected to
cover recover and through that boom and
bust people are seeing again in this
generation that they're getting people
are going to go hungry and they have in
the coal fields but what I've seen
throughout West Virginia is like in
Weirton in the Eastern Panhandle on the
other Panhandle in West Virginia's
people are dealing with fracking and
they're dealing with the pipelines
coming through most of those jobs are
out sourced my vision for West Virginia
is to create an investment bank you've
seen trillions of dollars go out of West
Virginia for coal I want to put that
money back in the West Virginia we can
see an economic turnaround if we
legalize cannabis within six to eight
months we can have agriculture we can
grow hemp on mountaintop removal sites
we can have solar and wind I think that
we can advance in West Virginia with
renewables and we can also manufacture
those in West Virginia there's a lot we
can do we don't have to kill each other
for jobs joe Manchin's vision he keeps
on promising that he's going to serve
his corporate donors and the people in
West Virginia retired and through my
travels on my campaign I found that work
not only in the coal fields but all over
West Virginia and we're going to invest
in ourselves we're tired to show me into
where Tyler Shelley Moore Capito we're
tired of Jim Justice we're tired of all
the corporate polluters in West Virginia
we have set the platform across the
nation for Jenna you know for cultural
genocide we're one of the poorest and
sickest states in the nation and we've
had enough and we're fighting back now
go for Jim justice go for justice Tamara
that's right and you're one of the three
just Democrat Senate candidates so very
very important position I never heard
that idea before this really interesting
to plant marijuana on top of the
mountaintops that would be a hell of a
sight well you know they're not fit for
a rattlesnake but that he pleases the
soil so I don't think that we can have
essential oils with him but
can create plastic and we start we can
do something with those sites there's
over 200 mounts have been blown up in
West Virginia so we can at least do
something with them because they're not
bout the the use for the lenses there's
nothing there for us and so with hemp
it's been proven that we can do that
with media sites you know hemp marijuana
etc look some people think it's a small
little issue some people think oh it's
for the young they just want to smoke
pot and stuff no number one there's in
West Virginia there's the pill mills
right and they're pushing those legalize
drugs that are the opioids etc that are
killing people in West Virginia
marijuana has never killed anybody and
on top of that there's the idea of
social justice which is we got maybe a
million people in the country we can
free if we stop imprisoning them for
nonviolent offenses like marijuana let
alone all the things that you mention on
top I feel like on that alone you could
set West Virginia free but it feels like
the older politicians think oh no no
that's just for kids and we're not gonna
do any of that we're dealing with one
the largest addiction epidemics and West
in the nation there's a small town
called curb in West Virginia it was
proven I think 66 66 t 66
I'm nervous I'm on the show I'm 60 60
minutes down a segment and it proved and
there's nine hundred and eighty three
people in that community and they
shipped in five million pills to one
pharmacy in that community it's been a
trickle-down effect with the poverty
it's been a trickle-down effect with a
lack of lack of educational
opportunities it's all coming to play in
West Virginia and we need long-term
solutions to fight the addiction
epidemic and we don't have that either
we hear the war on drugs but we hear our
incumbents
saying they're going to come up with
solutions but they're treating one
addiction with the other with like
suboxone then we're not seeing any
long-term treatment programs so I'm
hoping through my path through my
candidacy to I've traveled all over West
Virginia and I've talked to leaders that
are looking for long-term solutions we
need more beds we need more
money going into long-term programs as
well as getting rid of the pill mills
and that means getting Big Pharma out of
bed with Joe Manchin Shelley Moore
Capito Evan Jenkins and Jim Justice as
well
yeah those opioids are their actual
gateway drugs and and West Virginia
probably feels it more than any state in
the country so you know the politicians
say they're gonna fight for you but they
take private money they take giant
corporate money and nine out of ten
times they wind up fighting for those
guys so how can West Virginia's trust
you to fight for that because I'm one of
them I think it's time to build a
country like we are with the candidates
with justice Democrats and brand-new
Congress putting ordinary people in the
position to make decisions for ordinary
people the working class needs
working-class representation and I think
that's what missing is missing because
big corporations have a lot of influence
in elections and when I put my foot on
my desk in Congress I'll serve nobody
but the people of West Virginia and the
people of this nation so I asked mention
about his corporate PACs so I'm gonna do
likewise here I want to be fair who are
your top corporate PACs I have nothing
but small donations $14.25 yeah look to
me I think that's gigantic because can
you trust the person running well who's
financing them right and that's a big
part of it if you financed them at
$14.25 there's a good chance they're
gonna work for you that's why public
financing you have their private
financing make sense but we're not there
yet so that's one of the theses of just
Democrats is no we're not gonna take the
corporate PAC money so you can trust us
to fight for you or just us so how about
other priorities so you're against the
corruption you mentioned the the issues
that affect West Virginia
or what are the other big policy issues
are you gonna fight for I think West
Virginia's nation deserves health care
and I think that we deserve educational
opportunities West Virginia again is one
of the poorest and sickest in the nation
and an order created infrastructure and
West Virginia be welcoming the business
we have to have good schools we have to
have good roads and we have to have a
good place for these people to come so
Amazon and plate in people like Facebook
want to come to West
- so we have to build up our communities
as well and get ready wants to come to
West Virginia if ever if people can't
pass a drug test so it all goes into
play so we'd have to build a West
Virginia where people want to come there
they want to live there we will have to
deal with the population anymore one
thing I want to point out about my
opponent as people keep on saying to me
and my biggest resistant is the
resistance has been establishment
Democrats oh well you're going to hand
it over to the Republicans isn't that
what a primary is joe Manchin's a
Democrat I'm a Democrat I want to bring
democracy back to West Virginia and I
want to bring back to the Democratic
Party like the miners of Blair Mountain
like Joe Hill like Mother Jones we
deserve democracy he's been our
secretary of state he's been our
governor he's been our senator and we
don't have a plan B we've not had a
promise of a plan B and we're one of the
sickest and poorest states in the nation
and people say I'm an inexperienced well
he's experienced and taking money from
his corporate spenders I'm experienced
because I've been an activist for my
state for years I would give up my life
for my children we have begged for clean
water
we have begged for clean there and we
have begged for prosperity and nobody
knows about West Virginia then the
people living up in the hollers that
live in unimaginable conditions and we
know what we need the most and Joe
Manchin has no clue anymore
wouldn't it be amazing if we had non
millionaires like regular Americans who
just care about the community in the
Senate I know it seems like an
unimaginable dream but all you have to
do is vote I mean volunteering donating
is super important so she can have a
staff and do all the things she needs to
do to win but make sure you go out there
and vote - they tell you not to vote but
Joe Manchin he was involved in several
Democratic primaries in his career I
asked him about that when he was on the
show - and and then he turned around
when he lost all the primaries and told
everybody to vote for the Republican he
did in the 90s he lost the primary to
Charlotte Prince and a lot of people ask
me if I want to get behind Joe Manchin
well we have one of Don Blankenship in
the race in West Virginia if you don't
know about him 29 miners died died and
he went to jail he's still on probation
he's actually here in Los Angeles I
don't know how he's on the Senate ticket
on the Republican side for
West Virginia it baffles me but I'll be
honest people have asked me if I will
get behind Joe mentioned if Don
Blankenship would win the primary I
would paint on the streets for Joe
Manchin but people have to also
understand too that Joe mentioned is
also responsible for those 29 miners
died because he didn't stand up with me
against Massey and he was taking
donations from Massey Energy I'm the
only person on them in the race that
doesn't have the blood of the 29 miners
on my hands except for a man named Bo
Coakley on the Republican ticket in
Logan County and he's a coal miner and
that says a lot about our senatorial
candidates right now I do not have the
blood of 29 miners on my hands or in my
pocket I just know like people think oh
no a Blankenship can win no he can't you
would beat him with a stick a guy who
who did that to the coal miners in in
West Virginia versus an uncorrupted
candidate who's gonna look out for their
interests that's a no-brainer and I'd be
really interested to see if you when the
primer mansion backs you as you said
you'll back him so but but we might
never find out I want back mansion
unless Don Blankenship saan the primary
ticket now somebody in the general on
the mountain party or an independent
ticket goes against Joe Manchin if I
lose the primary I don't plan on losing
but if I lose the primary and somebody
you know if somebody is viable on the
ticket it might be me I don't know yet
then I'll get behind them because I have
a hard time getting behind Joe Manchin
because like I said he has just as much
blood on his hands as Don Blankenship
because he did not stand up for those
coal miners he should have been a voice
for the coal miners before reelection
all right Paul gene Swearengen is you
can tell strong progressive uncorrupted
so check out the links below see if
you'd like to help by volunteering and
donating somehow get involved fight for
justice so thank you Paul G great to
have you here
