what was just passed a massive tax cut
for the rich 83% of the gains will go to
the top 1% well this is not new to
American politics Ronald Reagan to the
giant tax cut for the rich george w bush
did a giant tax cut for the rich and
they have been whittling down taxes for
the rich and redistributing the money
from the middle class and the poor up to
the top now people sometimes say that
well in this case we have the numbers to
back it up so let me lead you through a
new report that came out it is 2018
world inequality report and they explain
here at the washington post that back in
1980 the bottom 50 percent of wage
earners in the united states earned
about 21 percent of all income in the
country nearly twice as much as the
share of income 11 percent earned by the
top one percent of americans now the
bottom 50 percent getting only 21
percent of the income for the whole
country that's unfortunate but we
roughly understand why that's the case
of course the top income brackets are
gonna get a larger percentage of the
income so there's no way that the bottom
fifty percent could get 50 percent of
the income that's just not how the curve
works so we're perfectly cognizant of
that 21 percent is not a great number
but you know it is what it is in that
case and top 1% guy you used to get 11
percent of the income so if trickle-down
economics was correct and after all
those massive tax cuts for the rich well
it would have trickled down on us and by
now you would think well the bottom 50%
probably have a higher percentage of the
income because they told us that if you
give taxes for the rich it stimulates
the economy and you get more jobs and
it's actually better for the poor in the
middle class let's find out if that was
the case the bottom 50% now taking only
13 percent of that income pie well
that's how 1% grab over 20% of the
country's income so the top 1% went from
11% of the income to 20% of income so
their share nearly doubled whereas the
share of the bottom 50% plummeted what
happened I thought it was supposed to
help us
but instead of having 21% of the
economic pie right now the bottom half
of the country is down to just 13
percent of the economic proceeds so they
summarize by saying since 1980 in other
words the US economy has transferred
eight points of national income from the
bottom 50% to the top 1% so when
Republicans warned you about wealth
redistribution I think they got it a
little bit reverse it's and whatever
wrong is always do they do projection
whatever they're thinking they say out
loud about the opponents so in this case
they have been planning and have
executed wealth redistribution it's just
the other way around they took it from
the bottom and they moved it to the top
literally literally okay so let's take a
look at the chart that shows you what
happened in those years so that's from
1980 to 2016 so the percentage of the
economic gains in America that the
bottom 50% have have plummeted the top
1% has skyrocketed that right there is
how they redistributed the wealth now
that's a chart showing you now let's
talk about why and how it didn't happen
on its own sometimes people will say
things like well there's nothing you can
do about that that's how economies work
that's not true I'm going to show you
how Europe looks in a second no it was a
set of laws that were in place meant to
redistribute the money so Washington
Post writer Christopher Ingram explains
over the same time the tax code became
more generous to the wealthiest
Americans the top marginal income tax
rate fell from 70 percent in 1980 to
39.6 percent in 2017 taxes on capital
gains fell by more than half from the
mid 1970s to the mid 2000s and they say
tax has fallen as well so this is all
before trumps giant tax cuts for the
rich so because we already had giant tax
cuts as he explains through Reagan and
Bush and others so given all that yeah
they took the money and instead of
having the rich pay their fair share
they say you don't have to pay as much
and by the way someone
they increase where things like the
payroll tax well the payroll tax the
rich don't even pay after a certain
level of income around 120,000 dollars
they stop paying the payroll tax that is
the most regressive tax we have the one
that affects the middle class the most
that goes up taxes for the rich goes
down so you don't have to wonder how all
this came about income inequality was a
plan it's not an accident it's not
normal it's not natural it's a plan that
they executed to make sure that they
moved the money to the top and they
laughed all the way as they talked about
trickle-down economics well let me show
you another chart to see how well that
trickle-down worked so over that period
of 1980 2014 so that's about 35 years a
giant period of time it triggered an
economic said work the bottom 20% would
have been in great shape but over 35
years their income only went up 4% that
is miserable that's a flatline you got
nothing over 35 years
the next 30% barely rose at 26% if that
were to happen in a single year for
example 26 percent that would be
wonderful number over 35 years that's a
terrible number number and as you see
the closer you get to the top the higher
and higher it gets top 10 percent their
income went up 113 percent over that
period of time
top 1% their income nearly doubled and
the top 0.01% their went up four
hundred and twenty three percent I can
see where the money is look at the chart
where's the money did it trickle down no
that those are not money that's not
money they kept that's
increases in their income increases they
moved all the money to the top it's not
an accident it's a plan when you talk
when people talk about how the system is
rigged how do they rigged it well they
allowed private financing relations and
the rich went and bought politicians
they gave them private checks and then
politicians unsurprisingly work for them
and turn around and gave them all of the
benefits they rewrote the tax code they
wrote rewrote regulations they rewrote
everything for the benefit of the rich
in corporations and at our expense
so finally let me show you what Western
Europe looks like this has developed
Western countries very similar to ours
but they did not get captured their
governments did not get captured by the
rich because they don't have money in
politics they don't allow for private
financing of Elections because they're
not stupid they know that leads to your
politicians working for private
interests not the public interests so
the bottom 50% has not plummeted their
income has not plummeted and it is above
20% of the overall income in those
countries and the top 1% has risen but
not by much at around 12 to 13 percent
of the economic gains which is where we
were back in 1980 when they started
rigging the system in favor of the rich
and multinational corporations and all
this before the Trump tax cuts wait till
you see what that chart looks like after
the Trump tax cuts so is there income
inequality absolutely it's provable it's
right there in the numbers is it
something that naturally happens in
every country no not remotely is our
system rigged in favor of the rich and
powerful absolutely and this is how they
rigged it if you become a member of The
Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks show every day
