so Jeff Flake is right-winger through
and through and he's also spoken out
against Donald Trump he's the retiring
Republican senator from Arizona and he
said some pretty harsh things about
Trump which he Trump is amply earned but
he's still voted for the tax cuts he
still boasts with Trump on an
overwhelming majority of the time so
he's not your friend but he did have
some straight talk if you will make
sense coming out of Arizona I suppose
they asked him if the Republican tin
Ewing Trump and Banias direction could
they lose the Senate he said most
definitely you look at the audience
audience is cheering for Republicans
sometimes you look out there and say
those are the spasms of a dying party
interesting I'm gonna let him continue
here and then I'll fill in what he might
mean by that he says when you look at
the lack of diversity sometimes and it
depends on where you are obviously but
by and large we're appealing to older
white men and there are just a limited
number of them and anger and resentment
are not a governing philosophy so he's
literally right about that when you look
at the demographic information it is not
a pretty picture for the Republicans
only the corporate Democrats could find
a way to lose the Republicans in
elections that appear to be not lose
Abul when you look at the demographics
and the policy issues more important
than that Americans agree with
progressives
on almost every issue by a mark by wide
margins you you'd be hard-pressed to
find an issue that Americans don't agree
with progressives on like oh yeah
immigration what about immigration
should build a wall no did you know that
93 percent of Americans believe in a
pathway to citizenship so it
overwhelming numbers they want some sort
of immigration reform and and pathway to
citizenship is overwhelmingly popular so
even in Alabama in that Doug Jones Roy
Moore race people under the age of 45 in
one of the reddest states in the country
over 60% on them voted for the Democrat
if they were under the age of 45 tick
tock
so and Flake to his credit also had
earlier said that civility to trump is
quote morally treasonable apparently
stability to trump in voting for tax
cuts for the rich perfectly fine but
otherwise is morally treasonable well
all that is my agreements and
disagreements with Jeff Flake and fairly
normal stuff the more most important
thing is what will a guy like flake do
if Muller refines information about
Trump what will the rest of the
Republicans do because that will be the
decision point for what is going to
happen in this country either we're
going to have tremendous turmoil and rip
this country apart in terms of the
Republicans saying I were going to allow
law breaking and we're gonna let the
president be above the law and that
would be terrifying
you know and we could literally lose our
form of government it's not an
exaggeration
if the Republicans say no politically
we're just gonna let the president break
the law that would be unprecedented and
horrifying so there those Republicans do
have an important decision to make at
one point and now Donald Trump is
talking about firing mother before we
get there because he knows he's guilty
so flake had a response to that he said
I don't think that would go over well at
all here in the Senate I don't think
he'll go there he shouldn't go there
well I'm not as confident as Senator
flake on how the Republicans will react
if chump obstructs justice further by
firing Muller were the people who or
firing rod Rosenstein so that he'll get
a new Deputy Attorney General who'll
fire Robert Muller
I hope that flake is right on this
instance and that the Republicans in the
Senate will stand up to Donald Trump and
say if you do that we are going to
impeach you you sure they're gonna go
that way I don't think anybody's sure
that they're gonna go that way there's a
good sign at least there's one guy
saying it's unacceptable for now but if
we're relying on the moral fiber of the
Republican Party god help us all
but that might be the situation we're in
soon if you want to get the whole young
turks show every single day become a
member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
