all right the Republican tax bill will
get voted on today right here in the
House of Representatives they are
expressing extreme amounts of confidence
Paul Ryan basically skipping through the
halls of the Capitol this morning from
which point it will go straight across
the Capitol over here to the Senate and
they are saying that they're going to
vote on it as early as this evening you
know there is a etherion legislative
politics that says if when you have the
votes you take the vote don't leave
anything to chance these are some
squirrelly figures and you don't want to
have to bribe them again to get them
back into the net once you got them in
the net get it out of the water get get
the fish in the boat so the thinking is
that after Ryan pushes the bill through
the house they're gonna push it right
over to the Senate and finish it up
tonight at which point it goes up
Pennsylvania Avenue which is behind us
to Donald Trump and he and he signs it
into law there are four point five
trillion dollars worth of tax hikes that
will be applied across the board but
mainly to middle class and poor people
there are then six trillion dollars in
tax cuts that go almost exclusively to
the wealthy that the gap in there about
1.5 trillion dollars then gets added to
the the deficit so what you have is a
huge transfer of trillions of dollars
worth of wealth from the poor and the
middle class up into the pockets of the
super wealthy that's the that's the the
simplest way you can put it now it's
been a rocky road the last couple of
days particularly thanks to TYT reporter
David Sirota whose piece in the
International Business Times was the
first to highlight the fact that senator
bob Corker who has a ton of wealth tied
up in real estate interests just as
president Trump does suddenly flipped
his vote at the last minute giving the
bill that momentum that it needed to get
over the top after a provision was
entered into it that would give people
whose wealth is tied up in real estate a
much huger tax break as a result of it
now bob Corker has protested loudly that
this is a total and complete coincidence
what a surprise
is that this measure was air-dropped in
in during the conference committee at
the last minute and that he is voting
for this for patriotic reasons because
he feels like that while it is an
imperfect bill America will be better
off with it than America would be
without it
that remains to be seen what is certain
is that bob Corker will be much better
off with this bill then he would have
been without it another senator who
hasn't gotten as much attention recently
but went through a similar evolution is
Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin Senator
Ron Johnson ran for the Senate in 2010
because he was watching Fox News and
somebody said you know if there's
anybody rich out there in Wisconsin they
should they should run against Russ
Feingold I think he's vulnerable and he
has Ron jaws has told this story he was
sitting there watching Fox News he said
hey I'm a rich guy I could run against I
can run against Feingold and he wound up
winning in the in the Tea Party wave of
2010 where a lot of people got swept out
the question of how Ron Johnson got rich
is a very interesting one he he married
a woman whose father was extremely rich
because his father ran a plastics
company that kind of cornered the market
in Midwestern plastics so Ron Johnson
went and set up a plastics related
company whose only customer was his
father-in-law through that process he
got extraordinarily rich he he lent his
campaign around ten million dollars to
to run for Senate and the the company
gave him about a ten million dollar
payout write it right at the exact same
time which Ron Johnson again said in
total coincidence there's no way that
the company was funding my entire
campaign that would be illegal
that couldn't have happened this was a
coincidence I gave the campaign alone
and then I just happened to get there
roughly the same amount of money from
the company now Ron Johnson was saying
that he was going to be against this
bill publicly because he said it didn't
treat pass through corporations as well
as
it treated corporations like Apple or
Microsoft but pass-through corporation
is one this kind of family-owned and the
income in it passes through to the
owners of the company and the owners
then pay individual tax rates whereas
corporate the corporate tax code is
entirely different now there is a
segment of left-wing economists that I
actually kind of agree with that says we
shouldn't even have a corporate tax code
forget it they're just gonna game it and
it's gonna create a huge industry of tax
avoidance have a zero percent corporate
tax rate have all the money flow through
to shareholders and owners and employees
and then and then tax it get it get it
there rather than trying to get it in
both places regardless that's not the
system we have right now there's a
corporate tax rate and there was an
individual rate and Johnson was
complaining that it wasn't fair to
companies like his own like his
father-in-law's company all of his
wealth is tied up in pass-through income
and he demanded that tax rates on
pass-through income be significantly
lowered in order to vote for it now he
demanded a change in the bill that was
worth millions to him and to his family
and after he got it he turned around and
said that he would vote YES from here
the real looting begins after
Republicans passed this tax bill and it
goes to the White House and is signed by
President Trump then the IRS starts to
write the regulations about how this
sloppy bill that was slapped together
over a span of a couple weeks will be
actually implemented and that's what
really matters
you know if if Congress said if Congress
lays out a particular provision but the
IRS steers it in a in a different
direction
taxpayers with the help of their big
four accounting firm can then rely on
that regulation and the guidance that
comes from their tax attorneys as to
what they're legally obligated to pay
and I'll just read for this is from a
lobbyist emailing me this morning about
how how the process is going to work
from here he says so a law firm will
draft a proposed regulation that
benefits their client
a public affairs campaign will be
structured around getting the
regulations drafted correctly with
op-eds and media coverage and then some
will hire us to hand the proposed
regulation and the favorable press clips
to the lawmakers and the agencies we
should all be registered as lobbyists
including the media outlets who accept
our advertising unfortunately the
lobbyists are the only ones to disclose
their role in this process
