the CDC announced on Thursday that life
expectancy is expected to decline this
year for the second year in a row
marking the biggest hit our country has
seen in almost a century all right so
the life expectancy figure is actually
based on the year of people's birth
current death trends and other factors
and for decades it was on the upswing
rising a few months nearly every year
the last year marked the first time in
more than half a century that u.s. life
expectancy it felt two consecutive years
all right
a baby born last year in the u.s. is
expected to live about 78 years and
seven months on average now typically
life expectancy goes back up after a one
year decline so this two year decline is
particularly notable last time there was
a two-year drop was 1962 to 1963 and it
also happened twice in the 1920s now the
CDC is attributing this hit to fentanyl
and its opioid cousins because drug
deaths are at 63 thousand six hundred
this year up from about 52,000
in 2015 now experts are worried because
we are not addressing the opioid
epidemic in a particularly effective way
that this might continue the trend and
we might see a three year decline and we
haven't seen a three year decline since
the 1916 1917 and 1918 three year
decline which was accounted for for the
Spanish flu all right so this is a
pretty big deal death rates continued to
go down for people who were 65 and older
while going up for all younger adults
who were most affected by the opioid
epidemic obviously Trump has said that
he might say that this is a public
health crisis now just to give you guys
some numbers behind that the public
health emergency fund only holds around
fifty seven thousand dollars all right
and last month the White House the true
cost of the opioid epidemic and over
five hundred billion dollars in 2015 so
that's a very wide range where we are
missing money and the last you know the
tax reform bill only took more money
away from that so we're on the right
track they just couldn't find the money
to deal with an epidemic so large it's
knocking down all of our life expectancy
right I mean that is unreal for one
thing like that to affect the national
average and to bring down how long we
live on average in the nation but that's
not important tax cuts for the rich
that's really important so they found
all the money in the world for that they
found trillions of dollars for that for
an opioid epidemic not as much so the
second part of this story in my opinion
is the the degree to which the legal
drugs turned out to be the gateway drugs
so 2/3 of last year's drug deaths 42,000
involved opioids yes heroin methadone
but prescription painkillers like
oxycontin and fentanyl so what are we
doing here it's super obvious that
remember when they you say marijuana was
a gateway drug doesn't that seem quaint
and ridiculous and ancient now but
marijuana is still illegal in most
places in the country and certainly at
the federal level and Trump is still
talking about cracking down on marijuana
meanwhile you got oxycontin and you got
all these prescription drugs that are
clearly clearly leading to such a degree
of death in the country let alone all
the people who were addicted in their
lives drone but who didn't die right so
much death that it has brought our
national age down and yet we still do
nothing and yet he declares it as I mean
went as a talking point he declares it
as a priority right do you know why he
does that because it affects white men
and white men in the most so he's
talking to his base without actually
doing anything to help yeah exactly
he's a state with the greatest fatality
right and I think I mean I think that's
just it continues a trend that that
Trump has you know perpetuated in that
he has these talking points to appeal to
his base right where he says he's gonna
give them tax cuts where he says he's
going to address this opioid epidemic
that is affecting all of them and then
does the exact opposite so I think they
need to wake up and look at this man
that they're voting for and still
supporting is not helping them he's
actually doing the exact office and by
the way some of that money this is one
of those situations in which you know
federal dollars really could make a
difference you know you can these
programs that are designed to get these
people off of this stuff I mean it's
it's a they really need help and
it's a I think it's a program these
programs this is a classic example where
the government really could make a
difference with some government
spendings and marginally
well-thought-out program so they're to
get people off of drugs but we have
experience with it all too much
experience but it does take money of
course the racial disparity drives us
nuts that when it was crack oh my god
criminals criminals now a more lethal
epidemic up here so I mean they're
innocent people why are we treating this
as a crime let's treat it as a as a
health issue but god bless it is a
health issue it's always been a health
issue it was a health issue back then
it's a health issue today but so we can
keep beating up Trump on it and we
should because we got to create pressure
to get that money so that real Americans
are helped even if they voted like we're
not like the other guys you vote for
Trump in West Virginia and you did in
large numbers we want to help you we
don't want you to suffer under this
epidemic but also I know this is a silly
public service announcement but be
really careful with painkillers I'm not
saying don't take them but be really
really careful they are it depends on
who you are - it depends on your body
makeup and you might be more prone to
addiction than others so that's why you
should be weighed into that territory
very carefully as opposed to what we've
done for decades where we're just
handing them out like candy if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
Yonkers show every day
