the pro-trump Action Committee
america-first policies released a
bizarre video thinking trunk for all
he's done this year including thanking
him for allowing them to say Merry
Christmas again take a look
Thank You president Trump Thank You
president Trump thank you every day
Americans are standing up to thank
president Truong for making America
great again
thank you for cutting my taxes thank you
for fixing our economy thank you for
keeping my family safe thank you for
putting America first thank you for
supporting Israel as veterans thank you
for reminding us to stand for our
National Anthem Thank You president
truck all right so if you're not
familiar with America first policies
they are funded by the Mercer family who
also funds Breitbart so they have a lot
of blood on their hands already but they
put out this it's a longer video if you
want to watch the full video so about a
minute
online thus far but they're planning to
put it on TV as well on Christmas Day to
thank Trump for all the things that they
said he's done for I imagine when you're
waiting to get into the White House for
a meeting of any kind that that's
playing like in a waiting room doctor's
office you know that just over and over
again I think it's just like played in
Reverse on the tracks of everything
we're listening to to like a season the
place where it's playing a loop is in
Trump's room oh yeah absolutely right
yeah so that was aimed at Trump more
than yes look when you have a campaign
they're gonna make ads showing them as
wonderful people on the other side is
terrible we all get that there's no
campaign right now it says we're in the
in the first year of his term this is
just a weird
ass-kissing video for no apparent reason
and it's so over the top that even if
like I think like if you're a mag agai
you're probably yeah bad he brought
Christmas back that's awesome right like
what Obama had kidnapped yes what are
you sure we celebrated cuz I had a
Christmas tree in Obama years Obama said
Merry Christmas
look did the whole like yeah Warren
Christmas thing is more it's like it's
more bigotry than than I mean it's so
fun it's like so absurd and funny that
we don't really get into the bigotry
that much but the thing that always
stuck with me was yelling at Starbucks
to demand that they say Merry Christmas
Starbucks is run by Howard Schultz were
founded by Howard Schultz who's not
Christian like that why does he have to
say Merry Christmas to everybody what a
weird thing that's not what this country
is about let alone agnostics Buddhist
Muslim whatever right it's like and say
Happy Holidays is not a rude thing it's
a wonderful yeah that's what's so
bizarre about the entire war on
Christmas is that saying happy holidays
is just more inclusive it just more it
includes more holidays within it so I
don't understand what that's what it is
they don't like being inclusive they
want to be in charge and if they're not
in charge they're super mad and to them
and I read this great alternate article
a couple years back about it and they
really view and it just was trippy
because you know we asked people to look
outside their own perspective but when
you I never consider that conservative
perspective and I I don't agree with it
but when they when they took away
slavery in the old days this goes and
they did a wonderful tracking of history
through it and to show that how with
that mindset it developed and the
southern is at the time not today but at
the time thought you're taking my
freedom away but wait you are enslaving
other human beings yes but it was my
freedom to enslave them and so
unfortunately that has actually trickled
down if you will through the generations
now people don't think that harshly now
but there is a sense of like if I if you
are taking away my freedom to be in
charge and I've been in charge the whole
time so I used to make you say Merry
Christmas even if you were a Christian
now it's really annoying me that I have
to include you yeah and and so that goes
to the heart of this and to have like a
little girl like that I mean if somebody
did a video like that about me I'd be
like no man that's embarrassing like I'd
be a little like awkward right full
version they have multiple kids thanking
Trump for different things what I
thought was most bizarre I mean besides
whole Christmas aspect of it is that
they think Trump for cutting taxes and
that's just happened like a day you go
you know what I mean and so they're like
a video production here takes a little
long you got a film you got to add it
like they were planning on dropping this
for a while so they felt that this was
just a done deal they were like oh we
have these Republicans in the bag like
this is happening
I find that also a little bit bizarre
you know yeah sure they could have cut
that I'm sure they could have lifted
that if they had to but but I
it's those kids at the end it isn't it
makes it which makes it kind of feel
like a bit like I it really felt sort of
s and Alice to me I'm weird I mean I
didn't and and as Jane says I mean it's
just so weird that you would do this
this big wet kiss to the guy which
clearly is just designed for him he
loves this stuff right they they prepare
the dossier for him every day about with
all of his positive clippings you know
and and this is right there in that same
space you know what I Hannah made a
great point I I think the Mercer's
probably financed this as a big wet kiss
as Marga saying for the tax cuts that
the whole what do they care about the
Christmas so this was all like and they
know that that Donald Trump is Steve ban
and apparently just described is like an
11 year old child and so you have to go
to him and go good job Donny way to go
on on the tax cuts in Christmas yeah
yeah and all the other things it's like
it's like the same thing when he had
like those little girls and the American
outfits like dancing behind them and
like singing that weird song like that
bizarre like North Korean ask song it's
like he wants to have these like little
kids being like thank you thank you it's
the kids like they know what they're
talking about that's another great point
remember when Obama went to the school
they're like what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get it completely ad
free if you could
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
