a couple in their 80s was caught with
hundreds of thousands of dollars worth
of marijuana in their car and according
to authorities their explanation for why
they had 60 pounds of marijuana in their
cars because it was a Christmas gift
so claimed from the couple's car now
Patrick g-ronn
who is 80 and Barbara Gianna news 83
were pulled over Tuesday during a
traffic stop by deputies with the York
County Sheriff's Department and the
jaren's had 60 pounds of high-grade pot
in their pickup truck now the couple
from North Carolina
I mean north Northern California excuse
me told authorities they were in route
to Vermont and that the marijuana was
for Christmas presents according to the
sheriff's lieutenant Paul rube cuff and
so they estimate that the words of this
marijuana is about three hundred and
thirty six thousand dollars they're very
generous they're very generous uh and so
uh you know the different outlets have
you sort of followed up on this story
and to ask if they were in custody and
apparently they're not actually still in
jail they shouldn't answer a woman who
answered the the phone couldn't say
where they were but she said that they
weren't there and they weren't in the
jail that they were arrested so I don't
know where they are
go you can a huge out on the marijuana I
think come on so this is like a you know
eighty year old
Bonnie and Clyde here right uh and I and
I love the balls on these people to be
like oh yeah it's a Christmas gift I
mean my freshman hundred eighty thousand
dollars where their weed just a new
thing you kiss under the weed there I've
been like selling it or they're the best
grandparents know we have like forty
grandchildren we have forty baked
grandchildren we've gotta get this back
to right away I mean if these if that is
a Santa and mrs. Claus
I don't know who is there 80 and 83 and
they're there on it they're smoking out
there making money go get a man keep
running keep running the whole country's
behind you let us know what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole two
hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
