ROI more lost his bid to become the next
senator of Alabama more than a week ago
at this point but he's still basically
hanging in there now we found out
yesterday they didn't get enough votes
to actually trigger a recount I mean we
knew that election night but he
continued to press for it wasn't able to
do that but he is still active in trying
to explain what he believes happened
during the election why he received
fewer votes than the Democrat Doug Jones
on his Facebook page he's posted some
pretty questionable editorials about why
it is the Doug Jones ended up winning so
if you bring this up it's gonna show you
a screenshot from a World Net Daily
article WorldNetDaily the the trusted
source in News and here is a section for
him we're not gonna read the whole thing
because 20 percent of you would
literally go insane if you heard it but
that is how those that's how world that
daily went insane they started reading
their own stuff yes they got caught in
the net that's be their slogan get
caught in the net anyway here's their
conclusion about why the election went
the way it did
the real lesson is that the left is
pouring big resources into registering
hundreds of thousands of black and
Latino voters in southern states
especially in North Carolina Florida
Georgia Texas and Arizona they have
already fucked Colorado and Virginia if
they can push over two or three more
southern dominoes the Republicans will
be in deep trouble so first of all let's
stop there that's actually kind of true
that seems good yeah and but I love that
I get it if you're a Republican that's a
problematic for you but I love that
they're just being honest about they're
like oh they have a nefarious plot to
get other Americans to also vote yeah
it's not nefarious you just called them
American come on that daily dear Charlie
kid blacks the vote ed even Latinos and
a coalition of Muslim so that's another
section of it okay now so that word is I
like great the right-wing conspiracy in
like an alternate 1950s a coalition of
Muslim and Marxist led groups was
instrumental in defeating more Senate
candidate it was like it was groups it
was people people who care about who
ends up being the senator from Alabama
there was some
people who and I know there's an
extremist position don't want a
pedophile in the Senate they got
involved in this election but according
to WorldNetDaily it is a an
international conspiracy of Muslims and
Marxist often go hand-in-hand I guess so
so that's where they because they he
probably wrote the articles saying like
oh my god what if the blacks and Latinos
vote and his editor was like not enough
crazy in here no okay we need you to go
ahead and put some extra crazy so so
he's like how about the Muslims stole
the election in Alabama perfect you know
why because like they just come around
the bend from Fallujah and hit
Tuscaloosa and one more thing to prove
that WorldNetDaily like they're trying
to be the craziest thing out there but
Fox is doing what they can to keep up
I saw Tucker Carlson less than a week
ago because it was since the election
saying that the election was swung
because the Democrats got a bunch of
votes from felons they're allowed to
vote their I guess the idea is that well
obviously they shouldn't be able to vote
okay make that case but simply saying
some felons vote I think he won because
some housewife's voted for him yeah a
lot of people voted for him that's out
when now that wasn't the only thing he
shared on his Facebook page though if
you can forget this next one riveting
article Doug Jones's gay son is thrilled
by the Alabama win now what's
interesting is I would post that if I
was doug jones but hey my son's that
before me but roy more opposed to that
because clearly if he has a gay son
there's something there's something
going on and if there's one thing Roy
Moore hates its perversion oh yeah yeah
yeah he'll a old boy one thing he can't
stand is he's hunting 14 year olds his
perversion yeah his gay son should be
proud of him it's his dad he just won
he's a senator now or will be so there's
two different buckets here there's the
hate bucket and the crazy bucket so the
hate bucket they're like blacks and
Latinos are voting now and in this
they're like gay son happy for his
father and like the rest of us go okay
well that seems to make sense yeah but
to them they're like aha Oh
the election will only be legitimate if
he gets elected by Isis working with the
Black Panthers and his gay sons not
happy about it you're right and then
finally we didn't talk about the Marxist
and to be fair Alabama is a hotbed for
Marxist
it is a red state okay seriously I mean
like even if you're a right winger and
look you trolls out there you probably
didn't make it this far you probably
gave the thumbs down no you know now
tweeting about somebody's mom or
whatever but okay you really believed
that there were enough Muslims and
Marxist in Alabama to swing the election
no you even you don't believe that if
you liked this video bless your heart we
got a lot more where that came from we
do a full show every day Monday through
Friday come enjoy ad-free by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
