the GOP tax bill is going to happen it's
apparently going to be signed sometime
tomorrow and it will end up throwing
about 1.5 trillion dollars at
corporations and the top one percent and
the reason that we're supposed to find
this even remotely acceptable is that
the corporations are gonna take that
money and then they're going to produce
more jobs and higher pay and bonuses and
things like that for workers and so with
the bill being signed corporations are
now coming out and they're making these
big promises about what they're going to
give to the workers to to lure us in but
let's break down the actual numbers and
see how impressed we should be with some
of this information so where to get to
the numbers in just one second but first
here the announcements so let's judge
those AT&T said it would give more than
200,000 unionized employees a special
bonus of $1,000 once the tax bill is
signed the company also said it would
increase its capital expenditures by 1
billion dollars
let's see Fifth Third Bank Corp and
Wells Fargo said that they would raise
their minimum wage to $15 an hour Fifth
Third said it would also give workers a
bonus and Wells Fargo said it would give
four hundred million dollars to
community and nonprofit organizations
next year let's see we've got some other
things like Comcast is going to give a
hundred thousand workers a non-executive
employees $1,000 bonuses and these sorts
of things are out there and so if you
turn to you know Fox Business or CNBC
you're gonna see like these headlines
and it sounds good a hundred thousand
workers are gonna get a thousand dollar
bonus and so you might think oh my god
the Republicans were right you give them
the money and then they pass it on to
the workers there's a couple little
problems with it first of all with AT&T
they were already in talks with their
Union to give holiday bonuses according
to the Union the Communication Workers
of America so six weeks ago there was
already talk of these sorts of bonuses
going through back when the current
draft of the tax bill had failed and
there were no votes it might not have
passed at that point mean we thought it
would but in the media they thought that
it might not and so it looks like a
year-long negotiation of the union is
why they're getting $1,000 bonus not
because all of a sudden they're gonna be
showered with money also understand why
might these corporations be coming out
why would AT&T in particular come out
with this sort of messaging well
understand what's going on in the
background AT&T is currently attempting
a merger with Time Warner but facing
opposition from Trump's Justice
Department back in November the DOJ
filed an antitrust lawsuit to block the
merger and Politico reported that the
DOJ had threatened to block the merger
if time water didn't sell CNN but after
18 tees Wednesday bonus announcement
Trump praised them hmm interesting that
that they're giving these bonuses that
they were already going to give and
getting praise from a man who was gonna
block a major and financially lucrative
deal that they wanted either block it or
approve it and yeah he's in a much more
friendly mood towards 18 t so let's
describe all the different ways that
AT&T wins from the Trump administration
giant tax right on top of that they need
to merger approved on top of that net
neutrality so they're one of the
internet providers Trump killing net
neutrality gives them billions of
potentially up to billions of dollars
more in extra revenues and profits so
they have made out like bandits and even
if this was a move out of the goodness
of their heart which we know for a fact
because of the negotiations that have
been going on for a whole year it's it's
not but even if it was it is a tiny
amount to give back you want the amount
for the billions that you're getting so
without further ado their minutes okay
well for each of these we decided to to
look into you know based on how much
they make in a year what does this
actually represent now understand that
this went through t Whitey's accounting
department which was me and I'm not a
mathematician so you might want to check
these numbers yourself but here is what
we came up with for AT&T they're gonna
give as I said basically 200 million
dollars in bonuses $1,000 to I believe
was a hundred thousand employees 200
thousand employees their year-end review
for invest investors listed their
consolidated revenue in 2016 as one
hundred and sixty three point eight
billion dollars and according to my math
the money they're going to give in
bonuses is 0.001 one nine percent of
their annual revenue and apparently
they were already gonna give it anyway
and now say ok 163 billion dollars in
revenue even if you only made look you
can do the math at home but let's say
you made 10% only had a 10% margin which
I would be very very surprised by that's
16 billion dollars if instead of paying
35% you pay 21% you're going to save
billions of dollars so even if you give
two two hundred million dollars to the
workers that you would negotiate it 200
million versus two billion is a small
number so feel free to do the math at
home but anyway you slice it this is the
old mobster trick you go shake people
down for money you get money and then
when it comes to time for a celebration
you give a little bit to the poor here
there right and then they go why I don't
know Don you know Don eighty he gave me
a little bit for my sick child he must
be a good person right no I got news for
you they kept the lion's share well and
Don Trump gave you about sixty dollars
in a tax break for the next couple of
years
can we burn through just a couple more
yes because it seems like based on the
percentages that I found it doesn't seem
like random that it was point you know
zero zero one one nine they're all
pretty close to that
so Comcast they're going to give a
hundred thousand people a thousand
dollar bonuses they listed a market
watch listed their sales and revenue in
2016 as eighty point four billion
dollars they're giving one hundred
million dollars in bonuses that works
out two point zero zero one to four
percent of their annual revenue very
similar to what AT&T is doing actually
and again something that if it was on
some sort of pie chart you wouldn't be
able to view it with the unassisted I
they also said by the way they're gonna
do fifty billion dollars in
infrastructure investments over the next
five years now that sounds more
significant they've also provided
absolutely no evidence that they're
doing it because of the tax cuts and
being a Comcast I was a Comcast a buyer
for quite a while I had their service
you know what they've need it for a long
time
tens of billions of dollars of
infrastructure investments this is stuff
that is long overdue but now anything
they can say is due to the corporate tax
cuts
gonna do it they're gonna release the
press release and Trump is gonna praise
them and Comcast's someone else that
wins when net neutrality is killed and
and by the way also had their merger
approved back in the day and God knows
if they'll do more mergers and they
tried by the way and did not get their
latest one approved so and then finally
if if you're thinking that's interesting
they're also doing charity why not just
increase wages right and they'd be fair
that companies that we'd the two banks
that we mentioned Wells Fargo and Fifth
Third Bank Corp which is the strangest
name in America have given increased
wages now some people are cynical about
then go in the areas where they are they
were likely to go to $15 minimum wage
anyway legally but that's okay I get I
don't want to be overly cynical goblets
our hearts for giving wage increases
that's good okay but the reason why they
give in charity and I would have told
you and I wish I had yesterday well the
number one thing they're gonna do is
give to charity why because you can't
undo the wage hikes and their friends
and they affect your cost going forward
you do one-time charity you get
wonderful exposure and PR out of it from
these tax likes and it seems like big
numbers hundreds of millions of dollars
but in reality you've got billions upon
billions in tax breaks and you get extra
tax breaks for the charity charity
that's right you want the numbers on
this Wells Fargo charity mm-hmm so 400
million dollars they're pledging they
haven't done it yet and I've seen
Trump's pledges before I hope people are
following up on this four hundred
million dollars for community developing
those sorts of things that seems like a
huge amount of money well it is except
for a company that in 2016 brought in
twenty one point nine billion dollars it
works out two point zero one eight two
percent of their annual revenue yes and
they're gonna get so much good press the
companies and you know everyone on the
right is trying to make this text so it
looks good look good by using this
information so the bonuses are also
one-time event if you increase wages
that's for a long time and could affect
your bottom line eventually yeah not
that they're not going to make a profit
they're all making incredible profits
right but it's harder to unwind the
wages that's why they're not going to
on it overall they're not gonna give you
higher wages they might do a PR gimmick
around a bonus or around charity and and
again that's the old you know mob trick
you've just given a little bit and by
the way the same trick that the robber
barons used I might have taken all your
money but hey isn't that a lovely Museum
that I that I set up yeah so that that's
what's happening here and look if it
turns out they actually do what the CNBC
said a stampede of companies ending up
bonuses and raising pay and said you got
a stampede of raising pay pay raises
will come back down there and tell you
all about it
TYT of SES will do a story and I will
give them all the credit in the world as
I just did with those two banks that at
least did do a raise right but we are
gonna follow up John you asked who's
gonna do it we're gonna do it okay again
and I want to see if they actually spend
the billion dollars in infrastructure I
want to see if these spend the money to
the to the charity and if they don't TYT
investigates is gonna be all over you if
you like the video you just watched I
got good news for you we've got a whole
Young Turks show that we do every day
two hours commercial free get it by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm /join support us and
get great programming
