so the problems just passed a historic
tax cut bill and it is historic
sometimes they throw that word around
but it doesn't necessarily mean that it
is a good thing
I think it is historically disastrous
it cuts trillions of dollars of taxes
from corporations and the rich 80% of
the benefits go to the top one percent I
think it will be an epic disaster so
Paul Ryan immediately after passing the
bills stop talking about entitlement
reform now if you don't know entitle
reform is when they cut Social Security
and Medicare and Medicaid now the reason
it's called entitlements in the first
place is because you are entitled to
Social Security and Medicare you paid
into it your whole life
that's your money that the government is
giving back to you but the Republicans
just passed that huge tax bill that
brings all the money to the rich they're
gonna need to get that money somewhere
so all that money you paid into Social
Security and Medicare well maybe you're
not entitled to it because they already
gave it away
so without missing a beat real clear
policy has an editorial today from
somebody from American Enterprise
Institute named James Capretta who comes
in and goes blame entitlements not the
tax bill for blowing up the deficit but
wait a minute you guys just put a one
and a half trillion dollar hole in the
deficit and you admitted it's math
there's no question around it everybody
knows it
jump up no they didn't even have the
courtesy to wait what a week a month a
year for people to forget no on day one
now get look we need the money we need
the money to pay the rich now give us
your money middle class we're gonna Rob
your money day one day one so he makes
some certain arguments like this he says
left unchecked entitlement spending will
overwhelm the federal government in
coming years with or without the gops
relatively small tax cut the tax cut was
to the tune of about six trillion
dollars now they got some of that other
money back by closing loopholes that
effect by the way the middle class so
they took some of them from the middle
class it took some of it as spending
cuts now they say no I know but it
didn't cover everything so you still
haven't wanted a half trillion dollars
that's not covered so they're like well
then we got to take it from you
relatively small tax cut oh they were
just bragging yesterday about what a
gigantic tax cut it is it's tremendous
it's the biggest tax cut over and
actually that's true it is enormous now
over say it's a small tax cut that's not
really the problem
oh you squirrel squirrel over there look
over there and it's not just to distract
you it's to rob you the he explains
their budgetary squeeze from growing
entitlement spending will get worse in
the years ahead
especially with the retirement of the
baby boom generation budgetary squeeze
squeeze the budget to the tune of a 1.5
trillion dollars again not billion
trillion you created the squeeze in the
first place and they had the audacity on
day one to turn around and go we got a
budget problem we got a deficit problem
and so I'm gonna have to take it from
Medicare Social Security in case you're
unclear that's what he's talking about
he clarifies he says the Congressional
Budget Office projects that spending on
Social Security Medicare and Medicaid
alone will increase government outlays
by four point five percent of GDP in
2040 compared to 2017 those are not
impressive stats but I put that quote in
there just so you understand that yes
they are coming for your Social Security
and Medicare let alone Medicaid and so
who's this fellow anyway
well James C Capretta and as they
explained at the bottom of the article
is a real clear policy contributor and
holds the Milton Friedman chair at the
American Enterprise Institute the
American Enterprise Institute is a
neocon think-tank that pushed for the
Iraq war that has pushed for giant tax
cuts for the rich and for corporations
it is partly funded by the Koch brothers
so after receiving their trillions of
dollars in booty they turn around and
send their dogs out to make arguments
that they thought up in their think tank
where shall we get the money oh I got an
idea why don't we Rob it from the
middle-class just take their Social
Security and Medicare and go but the
real problem isn't the trillions in
taxes we just gave the Koch brothers the
real problem is you and your
entitlements if you didn't think they
were coming for you you don't understand
how Republicans work
or honestly how all politics works the
donors didn't give all those money to
those corrupt politicians for their
health they gave it for a payoff the
payoff is you give me the money and you
go get it from the middle-class this is
not the end of the great American
robbery it's the beginning
