Rosie O'Donnell is in the news why
because she's the entertainer of our
generation no that's not true there she
is oh is it Rosie O'Donnell she was
great in league of their own I will not
disparage her whatsoever and I used to
watch the Rosie O'Donnell show all the
time but she is in the news because she
tweeted this let's take a look at her
tweet she said all right so that's Susan
two million dollars cash call if you
want to negotiate do you think your
family is proud of you senator Collins
woman mother grandmother sister daughter
you've betrayed us all dear God ask for
forgiveness redeem your soul tomorrow
hashtag not sexist this was her
follow-up to a tweet saying this so how
about this I promise to give two million
dollars to Senator Susan Collins and two
million dollars to Senator Jeff Flake if
they vote no no I will not kill
Americans for the for the super-rich so
she votes no I will not kill Americans
for the future super-rich DM me Susan
DME Jeff no shit two million dollars
cash each so Rosie O'Donnell is offering
two million dollars of peace to these
two senators in the lead-up to the
senatorial vote on the tax bill to get
them to vote no yeah which brings a
question immediately to mine how does
she have four million dollars still owe
she worked in TV and back in the days
when they just handed out tens of
millions of dollars I remember those
days yeah we didn't we missed those days
anyway so let me begin the defense of
Rosie O'Donnell first of all some people
say oh well that might be an illegal act
okay so first of all we legalized
bribery so let's get over this right
although Susan Collins took all of her
campaign donations are in essence bribes
and same with Jeff Flake same with bob
Corker same with all the Republicans and
most of the Democrats so don't pretend
to be outright oh my god
turns out there's money in politics
really so she's making a point if you're
gonna get bribed let me at least be open
about it if you know and say hey instead
of taking the dark money or the campaign
contributions if that's what you're
doing I let's okay and let's acknowledge
it you know and since we don't have
elections anymore we have auctions okay
I bid too
million dollars and but instead of
trying to make sure 13 million people
lose their health insurance that's the
reference to people dying right which is
what's gonna happen when they take away
the mandate that is the estimate of
nonpartisan groups she's saying can I
pay two million dollars to keep people
alive
it seems pretty fair yeah right and then
the hashtag non-sexist I love that
reference too
because Susan Collins is like if you
criticize me on the tax bill you're
sexist no no we criticize Ted Cruz we
criticize you just the same you don't
get a pass for being a woman and Rosie's
pointing that out so so far I love every
part of it yeah and but they've folks
are citing you know 18 section 201 B
where she if what she was you know
prosecuted because of this she would
face a fine of up to twelve million
dollars fifteen years disqualified from
holding any office of Honor and again as
you said like all right what's striking
to me is how I've really come across all
different kinds of what seems like
bribery like we have the actual code
here so it's a graphic 30a this is the
code that she is accused you know by
people who are starting ruckus of
violating whoever directly or indirectly
corruptly gives offers or promises
anything of value to any public official
or person who has been selected to be a
public official or offers or promises
any public official or any person who
has been selected to be a public
official to give anything of value
anything whatever any other person or
entity just blah blah blah with the
intent to influence any official act and
there's three other conditions which
like right there is just everything
about money in politics and and not just
like general donations where it's like
I'm paying you this so you can cut the
corporate tax rate but also the things
that were happening as we're being
reported on through the entire process
of reconciliation and drafting this bill
or it was hastily written together and
then they just leaked little tidbits
about oh here's this provision that not
only benefits Donald Trump directly the
New York Times point out that he and his
family are the number one winners of
this tax bill but also bob Corker who
jumps on after that provision Shirota
reported about was thrown in
then that list of up to dozen more
senators who directly benefit from
things that were thrown into the tax
bill to quote influence any official act
who are we kidding I know it's so bad
this is so stupid this is all right
listen you ought to arrest all the
donors deal let's do it
I'll throw Rosie on of the bus if we are
allowed to arrest all the big donors in
the corporate donors we're for a lot to
arrest everyone that uses dark money to
influence politicians now think about it
so corporation is not a good person it's
not a person at all so the first time a
corporation gives money to a politician
it is to buy them to get a return on
investment but the second time they give
to a politicians that means that they
got their return on investment so they
wanted to influence them they did
influence something I wanted to get the
result they got the result they're all
corrupt so he's like all of a sudden
people being like Oh Rosie you're trying
to influence a politician with money oh
come on
right it's it's all it's all you know
posturing and but the corporations are
people thing is true now like the pass
through the real estate pastors are
literally it's a corporation in the name
of one person with no employees and they
get a favorable tax right now that is
corporations are person not corporations
are people and the the multiple persons
who have been given huge handouts were
that's sixteen listed in the report that
showed exactly who benefits from this
I've gone and talked in front of I don't
know how many tens of thousands of
people I know I have never had a single
human being raised her hand when I asked
the question do you think your
corporation is a human being or a person
no actual person believes that in
Washington they all raise their hand so
well of course corporations are some of
the best people I know
right and when they give money it's out
of the goodness of their person's heart
right when Rosie does it oh my god she's
trying to save people's lives what a
corrupt person yeah the outrage over
that the fall outrage over that is
hilarious
yeah and to give you an idea of the kind
of people who are jumping in you know
throwing a fuss over this ben shapiro
waded into the waters be tweeted if
trump order sessions to investigate
Rosie
he'll be carved into Rushmore by Friday
- which Rosie so eloquently responded
suck my D been so yeah I really like the
level of discourse in general going on
here no I like Rosie O'Donnell's
performance is it's just I don't know
like the idea that she that Trump would
be carved into Mount Rushmore for going
after Rosie O'Donnell is any we care
that much about Rosie O'Donnell like no
okay so I had a debate with Ben Shapiro
he defended money in politics he thinks
it's you know it's rich people's right
to speech I mean when the Koch brothers
or Adelson or Soros or Bloomberg put all
this money and they're just talking
they're just talking
and when Adelson I think gave twenty
five million dollars to Newt Gingrich
and you're similar numbers to Trump
Robert mercy gave 13 million to Ted Cruz
and then even more to Trump they didn't
give him tens of millions of dollars
they were just having conversation with
them and did they intend to influence
them no Shapiro will tell you no no they
just were talking they were having a
conversation and it's the right to have
a conversation like that
and corporations since they're human
beings they also love to have
conversations and in their conversations
they give billions of dollars to
politicians and then return to get
trillions of dollars what a fun
conversation that was right there many
turns around and pretends to be outraged
then and Oh Rosie what's money in
politics and then he pretended to be
outraged about the dick comment okay and
like oh my god this what does he pretend
like it was anti LGBT or something yeah
he's LGBT like homophobic yeah oh yeah I
know I know been right-wingers you care
a lot about homophobia Ben day and night
they're like oh ho ho BIA between did
hashtag me too as a response to that uh
yeah I know you you you've been abuse
Ben you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
