an activist group in Michigan is working
on a ballot measure that could do a lot
to massively reform how congressional
districts in Michigan are drawn and in
Michigan they have historically and
recently been drawn in a way that is
directly beneficial in a partisan sense
for Republicans but in any event this is
what they're trying to do they acquired
a bunch of signatures necessary to get
it on the ballot in 2018 they got four
hundred and twenty five thousand
signatures which is no mean feat that
takes a lot of volunteers and a lot of
effort and it's over a hundred thousand
more than they need to qualify so even
when you know people come in and try to
say that some of them are fake or
whatever they've got a nice little
buffer there so what would their ballot
initiative do it aims to make the
redistricting process more fair by
amending the Michigan Constitution to
create a 13-member redistricting
commission with four Democrats four
Republicans and five independents so
these would be non politicians they
can't even be a family of politicians as
well they can't be elected officials of
lobbyists consultants or their family
members none of that there's supposed to
be ideally regular people and a broad
mix of political positions although I
have some potential problems with that
but they have to start somewhere in
addition while the redistricting process
and most states goes on literally behind
closed doors it uses sophisticated
software to create these districts that
look insane and people have no idea how
it happens with the timetables for any
of that this commission would be
required to hold at least ten public
hearings as part of the redistricting
process giving the public an opportunity
to ask questions and have their concerns
be heard by the Commission and so that
is the goal to set this up it's an
experiment that could hopefully make
things more equitable in Michigan now
why is this a concern in Michigan well
following the 2010 census Michigan
Republicans controlled the redistricting
process and drew the lines in such a way
that Republicans gained an advantage of
two to three additional seats in
Congress they didn't become more popular
in Michigan but simply because they
controlled this process you suddenly
create two to three additional
Republican Congressmen and this is
something that we've experienced across
the country
so it's largely Republicans that drive
this effort from time to time
Democrats play along yes now you've said
wait why would the Democratic Party want
to lose two or three seats in a state
like Michigan well there's a very good
reason for that because they take more
Republican they design a district so the
Republicans can win narrowly by 55 45 52
48 etc so that way they pick up more
seats and then they give Democrats
districts that are like 80 90 percent
Democrat so now though those Democratic
incumbents are thrilled because they're
never ever going to lose so now they've
screwed over the rest of the state and
Democratic voters because they made
their district really safe but at the
expense of handing over possibly control
of Congress that's right and but it's
good for them individually yes so that's
why some Democrats play along with this
that's why you need someone like this
group to come out of nowhere and go I'm
I don't have a horse in this race about
Republicans or Democrats and I don't
care what their politics are I care
about the process in the system right so
saying you know what we're not gonna
leave it to the politicians they're all
corrupted we're gonna actually have
regular people do I love that I think
this is a wonderful movement the woman
who started we're gonna ask her to be on
rebel headquarters soon because it's
such a great organic thing that grew up
out of Michigan and and then so a
Republican operative then said well
number one here he admitted and this was
a rare moment of honesty for a
Republican operative
he said wow that was amazing normally
you have to spend millions of dollars to
do a ballot initiative like this they
did it organically just with volunteers
so he's like you're gonna put some of us
out of business so well and in the end
they'll probably end up going up against
the multi-million dollar campaign to
stop it led by that guy exactly yeah
that's what's gonna happen yes okay so
so he had to admit man that was amazing
people power does work but then he went
and turn around and say now look in now
that he's starting to lobby yes and he's
like you don't want neophytes who don't
understand the system drawing these
districts no yes I do I absolutely
positively
rather than the corrupt scummy guys who
go into back rooms and do it for their
own self-interest and draw preposterous
districts so that that the so the
politicians picked their voters and some
of the voters picking their politicians
yes no I don't want that old system that
old system is terrible yeah I love this
new idea I would thousand times rather
have quote-unquote neophytes in other
words actual citizens draw this up and
by the way they have to do it publicly
and there will be a lot of it'll be open
it'll be transparent there'll be a
thousand comments on it Democrats and
Republicans will get to weigh in on it
and so wait if you draw a district like
this for anyone's benefit we'll call
them out they go wait a minute this
isn't citizens yeah drawing that
district if it's a democratic plan you
will know it immediately based on how
they draw the districts exactly okay and
it's got to survive that process it's a
great idea this is how you take
democracy back and it's entirely
possible that the actual distribution of
how you create the the blah blah all
that it could need to be iterated on but
the current system is already inherently
flawed and so any experimentation is a
good thing when it comes to this area
and I would add on to your concerns
about how some Democrats go along with
the process to sort of secure their seat
at the expense of the majority but also
it's entirely possible you can't
necessarily find great examples of in
the past few decades that when the
Democrats get in charge of the states
they'll also manipulate the voters into
safe districts for themselves and that's
that's not what we want what we want is
for roughly the popularity of a party to
represent the number of seats they have
in government and that's not what we
have right now I mean an example I was
talking about with someone this morning
is we just had this tax bill get passed
last night 1.5 trillion dollars
redistributed from the the middle and
working class to the wealthiest people
in America and who actually made that
happen Republican Congress voted for it
that got fewer votes than Democratic
Congress congressional candidates got in
the last election it was also voted for
by Republican Senate Senate candidates
who got fewer votes than the Democratic
Senate candidates in that year and it's
gonna be signed by a Republican
president who got three million votes
less than the Democratic presidential
candidate our system is inherently
rigged against the will of the people
and that needs to change now this is
just at one state but perhaps if you
if it can exist here then we can add it
to more states and we can hopefully get
something more approaching actual
democracy you just watch the video by
the young turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that get the full show by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm / join
