there was a point where we thought with
the rise of the internet and social
media that things are recorded and
stored and you can search for them that
you can just you can catch someone in a
lie and these videos are going to prove
that it doesn't matter if you catch them
in a lie the video doesn't actually
matter but here is Paul Ryan so we've
been talking about how much this is
going to cost okay there have been
estimates let's see if Paul Ryan
respects those estimates it is estimated
this tax cut is going to cost one point
four six trillion dollars more to the
deficit now I know that the theory is
that if you have more tax growth you get
more revenues into the coffer and that
reduces the definite but deficit but let
me just put a fine point on it are you
saying that the growth you're going to
get from this tax cut will equal the
amount it would cost on the deficit side
so that it's a wash so that you're not
adding to the deficit at all because of
this nobody knows the answer to that
question because that's in the future
but what we do know is that this will
increase economic growth yeah well you
know like if Paul Ryan was saying in
front of me and I back my fist and
throw forward who can say what will
happen it's in the future we don't know
no they do no they did estimates now
they could be off you know we don't know
for sure but it's not going to pay for
it and to lie to the audience there and
allow him to lie and say that we don't
know is insane no no but it's actually
it's slightly worse than that because in
the beginning Paul Ryan before this
legislation was introduced said it was
gonna be deficit neutral that's a quote
and he said it over and over and over
again and he pretended to care about
deficits now it is again beyond a shadow
of a doubt that Paul Ryan is a liar and
never cared about deficits all that talk
about oh my god Obama added to the
deficit wait a minute George W Bush
because of his giant tax cuts for the
rich handed Obama 1.2 trillion dollar
deficit to begin with Obama knocked it
down to half of that in eight years you
could say he could have done more to
knock down bush's deficit but you never
cared about the deficit republicans then
then they certainly don't do now and
that now they ended up wanting to have
trillion dollars on top so obviously
their complaint about Obama was total
political lie after lie after lie now in
the in the case of Paul Ryan now he's
turning around and saying and I'm sorry
during the
campaign to get the bill passed he was
like oh my god but it's gonna it's gonna
lead just so much growth I wouldn't
worry about that one and a half trillion
dollar deficit
yeah it's clearly creating but don't
worry about it cuz the growth and then
you know and everything will be fine now
that it's passed he's like well just
kidding it won't be fine
but no one can know what's gonna happen
wait I thought you were the math whiz
for the Republicans I thought you were
the budget guy and and that you were the
one with all the pie charts and you were
the one smart Republican and now all of
a sudden hey what do the numbers
indicate will happen it's already too
late we passed the bill so it doesn't
matter yeah you know what's gonna happen
to see you explode on top of your head
what do I care I already got rich so I
went when I was in a so-called academia
I was a political scientist not a
historian but I would guess that this is
going to explode just in time for a
Democratic president has to fix it yes I
had to guess that's what I would say and
I'll tell you what they if you've got a
real progressive president not one of
these stupid Democratic establishment
guys who have the same donors yes they
should be absolutely positively
unabashed the minute they walk into
office they should read undo all of
these cuts every one of them not like oh
but now it's too late or now no no no no
no the minute they get in they give
everything of the rich we worried about
wealthy income inequality well alright
great the minute we come in we're gonna
restore things for the middle class and
that is not for the rich and that's a
good first step
yes the I mean the tax is before this
the tax system we had before they just
passed us last night was not acceptable
it was increasing income inequality on a
yearly basis this is just going to pour
gasoline on it but we needed progress
okay this is purposefully regressing
yeah no more Obama's no more they take a
hundred yards we take five yards back
now they take a hundred yards we're
gonna take 200 yards it's the Chicago
away ironically it's not because Obama's
from Chicago different way yeah like
what has Philly yeah apparently the
Chicago away is take five percent back
of what they got yeah maybe we could
call it there Vermont way maybe
the Birmingham way as a remote right
yeah okay let's go through some more
videos let's try to keep it a little bit
quicker because there's a few of these
we want to get to so we've got Paul Ryan
let's see what are these companies going
to do with the hundreds of billions of
dollars we're gonna shower on them let's
find out as I understand your argument
and that of your colleagues you're
counting on corporations to take that
money they now have and plow it right
back into the economy
hire people raise wages it doesn't work
if they don't do that is that correct no
oh the studies show us that that is
exactly what does happen but but first
of all Savannah don't forget that we tax
American corporations at the highest
rate in the industrialized world so we
are convinced in the studies are really
clear workers benefit wages go up more
jobs occur the vast majority of
businesses are going to do just what we
say reinvest in their workers reinvest
in their factories pay people more money
higher wages that is really clear by the
way workers benefit from this through
higher wages it's not a question of if
it's a question of how much they benefit
every don't tax law don't tax them at
the highest rate it's effectively a very
low rate so when when the Democrats
tried to add amendments saying that if I
forget what the time frame was if wages
do not go up if this does not result in
higher wages then we rescind it they
voted that down why if you're so sure
that that's what's going to happen why
not add that in you might get a couple
of Democratic votes on your side after
you do that because they know it's not
going to happen we know it's not gonna
happen TRC investigates has done
extensive reporting over the past few
months on what happened specifically
with the tax holiday the last time they
did this under george w bush it did not
result in more jobs many of those
companies went on to fire thousands of
workers and not only 2004 but trt
investigates looked into specific
companies whose who either had their CEO
or their lobbyists go out and say oh
yeah yeah lower taxes is going to lead
in they didn't even they weren't even
outrageous enough to say higher wages
because they knew that was never gonna
happen right but to say they said more
jobs so then
we went and investigated FedEx UPS Apple
Lockheed Martin and and some of which
claimed oh we're adding the factories
that Paul Ryan just referred to there
not only did we find out that they were
actually telling their shareholders at
the shareholder meetings no we're not
gonna do that in fact we're gonna start
outsourcing and automating more so
shareholders we got great news for you
first of all we're gonna get you tons of
tax cuts which we're then gonna have
funnel a lot of it to you and a lot of
us to executives right secondly we're
gonna cut even more jobs as saving with
more money and good news for you because
when they talk to shareholders they're
not on TV where they can lie yeah they
have to be honest with their
shareholders or otherwise they'll be
illegal trouble yeah any in with their
shareholders their Juventud on have to
hide anything they're like yes so and
then in one of these stories you should
go read all this at TYT investigates so
Apple claimed that they were going to
start a new factory and we went to try
to figure out if in that area the
subsidiary they were working with had
done any permits if they had gone to the
government and said we'd like to expand
our factory or do a new a factory we
found no and they had to admit no there
are new perta no new factories yeah
there will be no new jobs that was all a
marketing gimmick but Ryan still goes
and does that because he's a
professional liar and he was purchased
by those donors to go and tell these
pretty little lies about how your wages
are gonna go up and I'll tell you this
ahead of time I'll make any bet any size
ok Paul Ryan here take me up on it 10 to
101 wages are not gonna go up so you you
want to do it at 2018 2019 2020 I'll
take any year they're not gonna go up
there you can study the top 500
companies that's not 1,000 companies and
if they took the tax cuts and actually
grew wages great then I'll admit I was
wrong and whatever size bet you want to
make I'm happy to do that right but
that's not what they're saying to their
shareholders they're saying we're not
gonna do that at all we're just gonna
keep the money which if you're a regular
person you know they're gonna do that
you think
the goodness of their heart they're
gonna give you a higher wages there's no
law that says give higher wages
it just says here take the money and do
whatever you want with it they're
literally sitting on trillions of
dollars already how big does a pile of
money need to be before you start to
just on your own just because it would
be awesome to raise wages would you do
it that's not how they function we don't
need to think ahead to the future it's
already the way they function and one
more thing about that clip he said every
study shows this that's completely the
reverse every study shows that no growth
does not make up for the one and a half
trillion dollar deficit no it does not
lead to more jobs the only study that
he's got on his side is the National
Association of Manufacturers in other
words the guys who wanted the tax cuts
in the first place his own donors did a
study where they said give us the money
and we promise we'll spread it around
later and do you remember I mean you
might you might remember a few weeks ago
maybe a month ago we showed you I think
it was the the budget director for Trump
had a bunch of CEOs in a big audience
and he asked them how many of you're
planning on investing this new money
that you'll have back into your
companies and a pathetic number of hands
were raised and he asked them that why
aren't you raising your hands and they
said because they don't need to if they
needed to hire they would hire they
would use the money they have currently
it's not going to happen and by the way
I heard today Donald Trump said AT&T is
announcing that they're going to give
$1,000 bonuses to like a hundred
thousand employees because of this bill
which that sounds great that sounds like
exactly what they should do and they
also announced it six weeks ago before
this bill we even had anything like the
final draft of the bill they're just
lying and now saying to curry favor with
Trump because they know he wants to be
able to take credit for something
they're saying it again today as if it
has anything to do with the tax bill if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me tu IT Network
calm slash joy
