Hey so the Romans just passed the tax
cuts that we were all anticipating 51 to
48 every single Republican voted for it
congratulations multinational
corporations and enormous ly wealthy
people you're getting the tax cut that
you paid for when you bought all those
politicians we're gonna talk a lot about
it on the show tomorrow I'm sure I just
want to do a video here too to emphasize
one point which is I told you that every
Republican would vote forward and every
single Republican senator voted for it
John McCain was away but he said that he
would vote for it if he was there they
all pretended that they cared about
things Susan Collins pretended she cared
about protecting Medicare and Social
Security etcetera she no assurances that
they would be protected she got some
vague promises and that she's claiming
his sexist to criticize her please
Republican women who were always saying
sexism is nonsense then turn around
claiming that it's sexist anytime you
point out finger true about them then
bob Corker pretended to care about the
deficit but it still creates a one and a
half trillion dollar deficit and he
still voted for they all wanted their
precious tax cuts for their donors and
for themselves a lot of these people are
almost all of them are millionaires
themselves they can't wait for the tax
cuts including and especially bob corker
marco rubio pretending to care about the
children and wanted a tax credit they
all pretended that they cared about the
deficit they never cared about anything
but getting their donors that tax cut
that that they all bargained for that
they were all purchased for okay these
politicians are the unfortunately the
best investment that you could make in
America we have legalized bribery
they're all bought and paid for yes
television won't tell you I will they're
all corrupt no ands ifs or buts it is
corruption the donors gave the money to
the tune of millions of dollars they
just gave the donors money back to the
tune of trillions of dollars on
a Republican politician in America best
investment you could possibly make and
all those donors are laughing all the
way to the bank tonight thank you oh
it's not funny they pretended they cared
about other stuff and then they gave us
exactly what we wanted
so congratulations America you just got
robbed
