a little bit of good news a little bit
of bad news the good news is if you're
interested in electric vehicles which
are the future the federal tax credit
for those is back in this version of the
bill it hadn't been in some of the
previous ones but there's bad stuff as
well directly affecting TYT companies
can no longer detect the cost of free
food provided to employees so we're
screwed at lunch time I guess when it
comes to snacks you can no longer
subsidize the commuting expenses of your
employees because after all the food and
the commuting that helps the workers
screw them
let's see you all you have carried
interest interestingly churches will not
be able to openly endorse candidates
that had been in previous versions of
the bill it's no longer in it but one of
the biggest things you talked about the
tax holidays is that that is in this in
a big way so money held abroad which is
being kept away it's basically tax
evasion it's not being brought back to
be taxed to 35% is gonna be able to come
back at one of two different rates and I
love this if it's real estate it comes
back at 8% so again that's a way that
yeah you're benefiting people like maybe
corker fees in International Holdings
but certainly Donald Trump and cash in
stock at fifteen point five percent and
they will say that look this is gonna
raise money for the government but this
also sends another unnecessary signal to
corporations just park your money abroad
don't pay corporate taxes on it and
someday when we get in power will do
another tax holiday and you can
effectively get it back almost for free
that's what happened back in 2004 we've
analyzed ad nauseam the effects of it it
didn't help the economy it didn't spur
hiring and now they're doing it again
yeah so I'm more most devastated by this
snacks portion of this yeah I love it
because it's so petty anything that's
going to affect actual workers like for
instance when they they made it that
your relocation expenses if you have to
move to get a job they were gonna take
away the ability to write those off
anything that affects actual workers
they don't care about that they're not
going to include it they want to help
the corporation not the people that
actually make the corporation able to
function yeah I don't think Kohler and I
have
ever had a discussion of what do you
think our deduction is gonna be on these
potato chips but over the course of the
year it could be significant and you
know in a tight economy it could lead
corporations to start cutting back the
very few things that make life less
soul-crushing in this country like free
ramen
we got no free ramen here rough times
but at one point we did I did not
authorize that but yeah in all services
the main point here is the one that
John's making he's really really
important which is that they they got
caught with their hand in the cookie jar
and some of these things like the
teachers used to be able to deduct $250
for often yeah for supplies for the kids
right that they're buying out of the
goodness of their heart they shouldn't
have to do that we should provide for
the for our own kids and in these public
schools so it's so small it was so
gratuitous I was a slap across the face
of the average worker and the teacher
and our kids right so once they got
caught doing that they're like oh yeah
all right all right put it back in right
doesn't really make a difference anyway
we're just trying to rub it in their
face and know they're not gonna buy the
supplies they're just gonna let you
write off two hundred and fifty dollars
of it yeah okay tax on the same one
right but the private jet loophole
survives yeah
so the they get giant loopholes on the
the carried interest which goes to the
hedge fund guys the real estate stuff
that goes to trump and corker and the
other guys giant loopholes on private
jets so the rich win win and win more
and now the bill there's all sorts of
polling out on it deeply unpopular 55
opposed 33 in favor if for a bill that
only has 33 percent approval that should
be dead on arrival if we lived in a
democracy yeah then people go oh I'm
gonna lose my job that's so unpopular I
don't want to do that but we don't live
in a democracy and and all these
so-called representatives care about is
their donors that's why this bill is
designed exactly for them and at your
expense yeah and by the way it's been
growing less popular as
month has gone by it is very difficult
to come up with legislation that will be
less popular than Donald Trump but they
found a way so that's why it's important
that people talk about this and the
social media opposition of the tax bill
has been so significant oh one other
thing that's in the bill because it
totally totally astute taxes they're
going to allow drilling in the Arctic
National Wildlife Refuge
so although we stopped for 40 years we
stop them from drilling there got
through george w bush obama never
touched it with a trump win now they're
going to be drilling in there and the
terrible thing is that theoretically
some of these changes you know in for
eight years you get a progressive you
can change them i think people have been
fooling themselves about how easy i'll
be but it could happen
once you drill the Antar once you take
out the resources once you mine national
landmarks
you can't unmai numb you can't undrilled
them that stuff is forever and this bill
is gonna make it possible well that's
exactly what's wrong with the trump
presidency because some of the damage he
does you cannot undo it a lot of it has
to do with climate change but that's not
all
and if he starts a war you also can't
undo that what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
young turks TYT Network comm /join
