well on fox news they've got a lot of
characters to put her kind link Kevin
Jackson is one of them is gonna go on
outnumbered here I can never get tired
of the irony of that name the name of
the show is outnumbered they're really
proud they're like oh here's four women
and a guy who they call one lucky guy
that sits between them and that's the
premise of the show but they have such a
male perspective at Fox News that
they're like well outnumbered why the
women aren't now numbered is a show
filled with women oh the guy is
outnumbered because that's your only
perspective you have okay anyway that's
a minor point let's get to the major
point which is Kevin Jackson's nuts
let's watch what else do you want to
know well I think they're gonna say is
it what was his intent right because
that's exactly what FBI director former
FBI director Comey said when he was
letting Hillary Clinton off the hook and
his intent regardless of whether it was
an assassination attempt or whatever was
definitely something I'm just saying you
know we don't know what it was and we
don't that when you say we've got to
make sure that this guy you know doesn't
get in it all cost what does that mean
so I'm saying there's a spectrum of what
it what does it mean what so they're
talking about the email of the text that
Peter sorg
and Lisa Paige sent one another they're
two FBI agents they didn't like Trump no
question you read the text they're not
fair as a Trump at all they're also not
friends of or fans of Bernie Sanders
martin O'Malley all the people that they
also spoke very poorly of and at times
Hillary Clinton as well saying that
media was biased in her favor but Kevin
Jackson then takes it to another level
saying they didn't like Trump so there
were perhaps thinking of assassinating
him no no those two things are not the
same
where did you get that from nowhere he
says social media stuff in other parts
of the interview even the Fox News hosts
are like whoa that come from and think
about how this guy completes two
different issues he says well Joanne
Comey was looking into Hillary Clinton
he looked at intent yes because intent
is part of the crime that he was looking
into if you don't if you can't prove
intent you can't prove the crime
what does that have to do with the
intent of the guys sending the text
messages related to Trump in an
assassination attempt what are you
talking about of course he has no idea
what he's talking anybody it's not a
prerequisite to get on air in Fox News I
my guest a little surprises to other
hosts are like whoa that's even a little
too crazy for us
so here's more all right because I know
how things get clipped on on social
media I just want to make sure that we
press in on the fact that no one has
floated any sort of an idea that's been
floated it's when I talk about this I'm
talking about social media stuff and you
know the Challenger I'm not talking
about media that's incredible well not
me okay so I think the bigger question
it no no it's been floated who floated
it that's social media stuff so nothing
credible well you say tomato I say
assassination there they look I we
shouldn't be surprised
smart folks who actually can discern
what's happening in the news aren't
going to make it on fox news that often
what's much more likely to happen is do
you hate Democrats check great nowadays
you love Trump check yes go for it get
on there get on there boy you're one
lucky got you made it you behavior
pastor insanity meter right you're
insane enough to make it under Fox News
later in the segment he also said Muller
is going to ask for a pardon what mall
is the one doing the investigation he's
a special counsel why would he ask for a
pardon Trump might ask for a pardon or
truck what are you talking about why
would the special counsel need a pardon
you know what the answer is
he doesn't know what he's talking about
that's why he brought up intent with the
text messages that have nothing to do
with each other he's just out there to
go dog Trump good Democrats bad FBI
terrible too you know they had Jesse
Watters talking about how the FBI is
trying to do a cool we're gonna clean
them out they had Jeanine Pirro on Fox
News going saying hey we have to do a
purge of the FBI and arrested the people
who we don't agree with and now we got
another layer of insanity or guy who I
don't know we got to take action they
might have done assassin
are you getting over my don't know was
floated I know something that floats and
it's pretty similar to this if you liked
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
