I've had a folding chair and I've sat in
high chair and I have to tell you the
folding chair was always my best chair
because I can move around and do a lot
more than when you're getting the high
chair were you in a high chair you're a
target but when you're in a high chair
you almost you're in a position where
you have to protect the status quo but
when the status quo is not working you
have to complain and I found it very
difficult when I was in the high chair
to essentially sign off on things that I
thought did not work well for the party
for example I raised objections to given
our big contracts I learned that we had
a contract and 2014 that paid someone
close to a million dollars to come up
with a quote unquote narrative know what
narrative not precise
what's the democratization and when and
when I went back to this consultant and
said look can you give me the results of
your project but don't charge me another
15 20 thousand because we're broke that
consultant boat he said no I've got to
get paid but you've been paid you've
been paid over $800,000
I had no idea the DNC was giving out
that kind of money now here I was I mean
I was an officer but I had no idea
because I never saw the actual written
contract and by the way many of these
contracts there were no big contracts
what does that mean nothing no big
meaning that they were handed to someone
that they knew so the the chair and the
executive director was called the CEO
and that person then went out and let
these contracts well they were not
competitive because they they've been
competitive I could have I've gotta
compete it now someone else could have
competed but also believe that in
reforming a Democratic Party every
officer she signed some disclosure as
well as members of Executive Committee
perhaps the entire DNC and they need to
let people know that they have any
conflicts are you being paid are you
it's your firm being paid are you
involved
with any of the what I call the sisters
committees the d-triple-c DSCC are you
receiving resources because I think we
need to know where the resources are
going but going back to the narrative
project that we paid close to a million
dollars when I saw that information to
use it so I can give it to state parties
I have to pay for it the DNC had to pay
for the information they already pay for
it right because what happens is that
when you keep consultants on the payroll
year after year cycle after cycle and
they are working for various very is
what I call sister parties or super PACs
right you don't have access to the
information
