did you know that Young Turks have 18
different shows become a TYT member and
get all of them click the link in the
description box below the New York Times
reports that a Donald Trump's phone
calls are apparently frequently
eavesdropped on by both Russian and
Chinese intelligence officials and that
is not due to their amazing ability to
crack into these things it is due to his
unwillingness to do literally anything
to stop it from happening so let's walk
through how this developed American spy
agencies had learned that China and
Russia were eavesdropping on present
cellphone calls this is coming from both
human sources inside foreign governments
and intercepting communications between
foreign officials so they have their own
sources in these countries they have
also discovered that information that
was discussed on Donald Trump's phone
calls is being talked about by officials
inside of both of these countries
officials say that the president has two
official iPhones that have been altered
by the NSA to limit their abilities and
vulnerabilities and he has a third
personal phone that's the same as any
iPhone anybody has mr. Trump keeps the
personal phone because unlike his other
two phones he can store his contacts in
it and that is convenient because who
wants to have to write down a phone
number so who cares if Russia or Chinese
or China is listening in on talks about
trade or foreign policy it's convenient
and so he has been doing it
how did you guys react to this news
breaking with a sigh you know I think
two things happening here one what and
then also this is just that he get his
like part of his like I would say half
of his campaign was based on the fact
that he said Hillary Clinton was so bad
because of this stuff material great no
she didn't straight did you hear about
this right even the bother we started
digging into who had a personal phone we
started going back you know multiple
presidents at Clinton Powell did he tell
a white that is okay and Emily how did
he know about those phones in those
emails oh oh wait it was reporting from
the New York Post which he believed oh
and they were was falsi that's all
I mean yeah yeah they became false after
this it's just exactly what he's been
able to do say something that is
disprovable and ridiculous and then do
it himself and it's just nobody the
people who follow him don't care and
then he goes and says fake news you know
and I got to say first of all obviously
it was always a problem right and the
whole fake news thing I mean look that
we we all use it very differently the
left when we say fake news we actually
mean news that was created by
non-existent propaganda sites to
masquerade as news to be shared on the
Internet in 2016 more widely than actual
legitimate news when Trump is isn't we
know what he's saying he's saying news I
don't like but the attack the the smear
against legitimate journalism look we're
seeing the consequences of it we're
seeing what happens when you jeer CNN
reporters at your rallies and Trump
Basques and it cheers it on his sons
retweet videos of that happening for us
to now be seeing the consequences of
that kind of hostility to the media and
others and then the day after not only
have him double down on attacking the
media but then call a story that is well
reported sourced from multiple sources
like you have to believe to believe
Trump who says it's a lot you have to
believe not only that the reporters
didn't actually do the work and these
are award-winning credible serious
reporters you have to believe that the
American intelligence operatives for
their sighting are liars
right not to mention the foreign
officials linked to you have to believe
basically like 50 Liars or I don't know
that Donald Trump maybe is just saying
something isn't fake because it
embarrasses is fake because it
embarrasses him yeah like and in the
process continues to degrade smear and
threaten the media like The Times has to
come out and fight back against what the
President of the United States says like
hey our well-sourced story is in fact
we're standing by it that it's just a
weird we're just it's a we're I say
weird a lot you know but because it is
weird maybe it's weird we're in a really
weird
also this picture of Trump in in the
Drake Janice is doing a yeah job with
that
also in his kind of like statement where
he says I don't have time to defeat this
and then I'm gonna defeat it and tell
you why but also glad you mentioned
China and I'm like there so ok I like
what you did there but but it's not it's
my lucky you can do that it's like
you've got part of it right by adding
China why don't we buy but we yeah York
Times has a new fake story that now the
Russians and Chinese glad they finally
out of China are listening to all of my
calls on cellphones except that I rarely
use a cell phone and when I do it's
government-authorized I like hard lines
just more big news are you gonna
acknowledge that I can't talk about the
hard lines comment I also I have to tell
you and I'm not like the most
well-connected person to the trip White
House and I you say they're here but I
know people who talk about like
regularly talking to Trump on his cell
phone like it's not this isn't he talks
to Sean Hannity all this is like I mean
I'm not naming names but I'm just saying
like as far as I know and I think he
maybe he's you know uh splitting hairs
in that I assume when he's like talking
to you know conducting official business
he's doing it you know on a hard line I
want to think about Trump in his hard
lines but sorry but but have we not if
we had to learn anything about this guy
since he threw his hat in the ring it's
his you know complete off-the-cuff like
he'll be doing the press conference
about one thing you know talk about
something else you know right so you
don't you know when he's tall on those
phones late at night in his residence
when he's watching television he's
calling up all of his friends and he's
talking about things Thank You going
shouldn't be talking about yeah so the
irony I wanted to mention was that some
of his reputations of him using cell
phones the tweets were identified on
Twitter as being sent from his iPhone so
he was on his cell phones as he was
saying that he never has time for his
cell phones but we understand how this
goes he says all the time that he
doesn't watch TV he tweets constantly
about TV I know it's it's weird and look
if this seems like why are you guys
focusing on this it's just as phones
weird they talk about like their talk
about trade policy China's listening you
know because they want to understand
what their positions
be in this ongoing trade war that we
have if he's talking about foreign
policy military intervention terrorism
and things like that that is important
so substantively it's important but also
look I don't understand all of how you
hack into phones or what access you have
to but these are these sources are
saying that if they have access to his
his cell phone calls it is possible that
they get have access to the microphone
generally on his phone even the camera
on his phone they might see him during
these late-night phone calls with Sean
Hannity and various other people and
things like that when he's not on calls
I mean in theory that's how that
technology can work you can actually you
know yeah again he knows this because he
explained to us in detail why you
shouldn't vote for Hillary Clinton
because of this yeah I just I know I'm
old-fashioned that I have a problem with
hypocrisy and it just apparently
Donald Trump does not work ya know and
he's been warned his aides who have one
of the reasons possibly that they were
willing to talk with the New York Times
is they hope that maybe this will put
pressure on him if it comes out because
they say that they have told him
multiple times he needs to use one of
the secure phones and he refuses to air
play again yeah so again this security
breach that we have which I believe is
unprecedented is due to him not being
willing to simply pick up one cell phone
rather than another two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
