David Sirota reporting at IB Times has a
great story about addition to the tax
bill at the last minute that was not in
either the house or the Senate version
so I David also reports for the Young
Turks he's a contributor for us he's
done some videos you could see on
youtube.com slash Leo Turks and T YT
investigates about this issue and we'll
have the links in the description box
below so but first let me explain the
context in order for a bill to get
passed as you guys know the House passes
water version the Senate passes another
and then they have to reconcile those
two versions and they come up with one
joint version and then they all vote on
it again to make sure that they're
passing the same exact bill so when they
go to reconcile the bill sometimes
things that are not in either version
pop up and there's usually a very very
good reason for that because they needed
it to get a vote or they needed it to
make some lobbyists or donor happy in
this case probably a little bit of all
the above but there's one critical vote
here that senator bob Corker of
tennessee he's the guy who spoke out
some what are you bravely against Donald
Trump saying he questions his mental
fitness for the office and our corker is
deeply right-wing Republican from
Tennessee and so that had more
credibility to that and he actually said
that he would vote against the tax bill
because it creates about a one and a
half trillion dollar deficit and then
all of a sudden after the two sides meet
the Senate in the house and they have a
new bill with a new provision guess what
senator bob Corker is going to vote for
it now here on The Young Turks I've told
you all along that he was going to vote
for it and that almost all der polizei
or are gonna vote for this tax cut bill
if they decide at the last second to let
one of them vote against it or not be
present it's not important but it will
definitely pass and all the people who
pretended to have objections to it will
all vote for it and that is exactly what
is happening but in the case of corker
it might be a little bit more personal
what do they have to put in there to
entice him to switch his vote because
it's still great so one and a half
trillion dollar deficit what he claimed
he cared about has not been resolved at
all at all so that's definitely not the
reason
so let's try to find out what is so
here's Sirota at International Business
Times he says the new provision was not
in the bill passed by the House or the
Senate
instead it was inserted into the final
bill during reconciliation negotiations
between Republicans from both chambers
the provision said experts would offer a
special tax cut to LLC's with few
employees and large amounts of
depreciable property assets namely
buildings rent generating apartment and
office buildings hmm now you might be
thinking there's a guy I know that might
have that apply to him in in and a bob
Corker the guy you know is Trump and you
are right about that in fact it's a
little bit broader than that but it also
affects bob Corker so let's dive more
into the details the new bill still has
the same income provision they explained
but adds a loophole depreciable property
so instead of being able to get a large
tax cut only if you pay a lot of wages
now you can get the tax cut if you own a
lot of property so it there's a thousand
wonderful Christmas gifts for
corporations and rich people in this
Republican tax bill and they already had
one specially rigged app gift-wrapped
for the rich already but then they
decide in this reconciliation to add an
extra loophole to say hey you know what
look if you're making a lot of money
we're already giving you giant tax cuts
but in this case if you have a lot of
property and but you're depreciating the
property so it doesn't seem like you
have a lot of income well you know what
we're gonna give you an extra loophole
now let's find out who that might affect
as David caiman and why you law
professor explains quote this helps
people who have held property for a
while like Donald Trump
oh go first the other family that it
helps a lot is the Kushner's they're in
a very similar situation not just Jared
Kushner but his entire family's father
is other parts of the family that are in
the real estate business so the Trump's
are help personally
oh he's gonna love that they sneak it in
at the last minute the cushion
are helped tremendously but that's not
all
i betimes previously reported that 13
GOP lawmakers directly sculpting the
bill including US House Speaker Paul
Ryan have between 36 million and 163
million worth of ownership stakes in
real estate related LLC's those entities
generated between 2.6 million is 16
million in quote-unquote passed through
income and could benefit from the new
provision so isn't this convenient the
Republicans decide hey you know what
we're gonna make Trump a little richer
and his son in law's family as well what
a lucky break it also makes us richer
yes it's millionaires giving them giving
themselves extra loopholes tax remember
that this was supposed to be not tax
cuts but tax reform they said because
even though they were giving giant tax
cuts to corporations they were gonna
take away loopholes no they added
loopholes and it is not reform at all it
is just a giant giveaway to folks like
this okay so now but what about corker
what about Bob well let's get to Bob
senator bob Corker who was considered a
potential no vote on the bill abruptly
switched his position upon the release
of the final legislation federal records
reviewed by IB T show that corker has
millions of dollars of ownership stakes
in real estate related LLC's that could
also benefit and then all of a sudden
bob Corker votes YES on the bill instead
of know what a wild coincidence I'm sure
that it had nothing to do with getting
him millions of dollars nothing at all
well did they address the deficit would
he claim to care about not 1% not at all
not at all why did you switch your order
well they actually asked them this is
great reporting so they got them on the
phone and before I tell you about that
let me should give you a sense of how
much all these folks stand to gain
federal records reviewed by IB T show
corker a commercial real estate mogul
made up to 7 million dollars last year
from some from such income so you avoid
taxes to a greater extent on that amount
of money soon that's gonna add up
so that's a ton of money that he's
saving how about Trump president Donald
Trump's financial disclosures listed
between 41 million and 68 million of the
same income so they are gonna gain an
unreal amount of literal money in their
pockets not campaign contributions once
think those tax cuts go into effect bob
Corker gets way richer so does Donald
Trump so do the Kushner's okay so do 13
other Republicans that crafted this
legislation okay so they call up corker
and they asked him about it they
explained the provision and he says now
if I understand what the provision does
it sounds totally unnecessary and
borderline ridiculous oh that's great
we appreciate that so well then you know
in that case you know I guess corker
will switch to a no vote because he
didn't know it was in there and and I'm
glad to hear his honesty that's
wonderful oh it didn't end there a
corkers office calls back and then says
this I don't really know what the
provision does to be honest I would mean
an accountant to explain it I had no
knowledge of this and would have no
knowledge of it except for you guys are
calling me about it I have no idea
whatsoever whether it impacts me or does
it impact me in other words backpedal
backpedal backpedal it's no longer
ridiculous it's probably totally fine I
mean I don't know what it is but it
sounds great
are you voting no instead of no but I'm
gonna vote yes but nothing changed
except this provision in essence
especially for you in regards to what
you claimed you cared about I don't know
what it is but I'm still voting yes okay
one more piece of clarity newts did not
help at all
corker said I had like a two-page
summary I went through with leadership I
never saw the actual text wait a minute
these are the same Republicans who said
about Obamacare oh they didn't even read
the bell by the way they had a year to
debate that legislation this one rammed
through in the middle of the night on a
Friday night and even corker goes it
started and repeated I mean I switched
from a no vote to a yes vote well based
on a two page summary what happened I
thought you guys wanted to read every
bill you wanted to read every line he
hasn't even read
so his main excuse for voting yes is I
don't know what's in the bill now look
if he was always gonna vote yes it it
wouldn't matter less because at least
he's not being a hypocrite or changed
his position still be a terrible vote
but but he's saying that he switched his
vote but he doesn't know why because he
didn't read the bill okay to say that
that stretches belief in imagination is
to state a tremendous understatement
okay so now John Cornyn who's part of
the folks that are shepherding this bill
through is on this week with George
Stephanopoulos now they saw the IB Times
reporting on this and so they're gonna
ask them about hey how about this
provision and were you guys trying to
get extra votes like corkers let's
listen carefully the corners answer
everybody and every tax bracket will see
a tax cut so picking out one piece at a
thousand-page bill and saying well this
is going to benefit somebody I just
think that takes the whole bill out of
context but except that this provision
wasn't included either the house or the
Senate bill it apparently was added at
the last minute why was that done why
was it necessary to include that
provision well we were working very hard
it's very intense process as I said the
Democrats refused to participate and
we've tried to do is cobble together the
votes we needed to get this bill passed
at the same time at the same time
maintaining the integrity of the largest
tax cuts we're gonna be seeing in since
1986 so is that how you got senator
corker with this provision well the
particular provision you're talking
about honestly is just one piece of a
thousand-page bill which is gonna grow
the American economy well we need to
cobble together the votes well there
were only a couple of outstanding votes
they're not trying to get Democratic
votes at all so the only people that
were at issue were people like susan
collins
marco rubio and bob corker and council
rubio had already said yes so the last
remaining no vote was corker and all of
a sudden he gets a provision that makes
him a ton of money which he claims Oh
golly gee I don't know anything about
that and he switches his vote and
there's quarter in admitting
had to cobble together the votes that
means yes we put stuff into that bill in
reconciliation I was not in there before
for the specific purpose of getting
those votes well if you didn't know the
level of corruption in Washington you
know it now so when I tell you that
watch out for guys like bob corker and
Jeff Flake and all these people who were
bravely standing up to Donald Trump and
then who go and vote with them just to
make themselves and their donors richer
that's what I mean they don't have any
actual principles this is all about
getting themselves and their friends
completely and utterly rich and then a
little bit beyond that and so they might
have some objections to Donald Trump but
it doesn't have any do with the
substance they all agree on the
substance which is redistribute the
wealth to the top and particularly to
them if you want to get the whole young
turks show every single day become a
member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
