Donald Trump's war on the working class
continues in a particularly egregious
and unnecessary and - a person like me
who worked for years and years and years
in the food service industry an
unnecessary area so change is proposed
by the Department of Labor back on
December 5th would allow employers to
legally pocket tips and servers that
earn at restaurants after the changes
employers could take all tips earned by
servers and redistribute them to
employees that are not tipped now as it
stands right now there are some
restaurants that do something like this
people who receive tips give them to the
boss they're all pooled and then they're
divvied out more evenly sometimes just
to the waiters to even things out for
whatever reason sometimes the people who
are not directly tipped and there's
another smaller version of this where
generally wherever you work as a waiter
some percentage of your tips are given
to non tipped employees like hostesses
cooks and your Busboys and bar backs and
all of that so things like this but this
is a sort of amplifying of that effect
and what's important is that under these
new rules there's no guarantee that
employers would redistribute pool tips
and critics say economic models show
that they will likely pocket them
instead so it doesn't say you take in
all the tips and then you give out all
the tips it's you take them in and then
you do with them what you will and it's
a pretty consequential monetarily if
this proposed rule were finalized
restaurant owners would pocket between
five hundred and twenty three million
and fourteen point two billion dollars
every year with most estimates saying it
will be about five point eight billion
dollars and this is not being taken away
from millionaires and billionaires this
is being taken away from people like me
who were working one or two or three
foodservice jobs simply to pay rent to
go to school and things like that this
is something that will affect millions
of Americans these are not rare jobs and
they could find themselves suddenly
losing a significant percentage of their
total income already before this changed
12% of tipped workers reported having
tips stolen by their employer or
supervisor that's back in 2009 and now
there will be official Department of
Labor regulations allowing employees to
do this if they go into effect okay so
couple things here one is
this is completely disingenuous and it's
easily provable so how's it provable
well if you really want to make sure the
dishwasher is also getting part of the
money you just write in through the law
that the employer is not allowed to take
any of the tip okay then you can say all
right you can disperse the tip among the
employees and in any way you want but
you can't give it to the employer but
they didn't put that in the law yeah
they allow the employer to take it so
that's point one so that's it that's it
so anyone claiming it's for the
dishwashers it's just not true because
if it was just for the dishwashers you
could clearly say that in the law they
have chosen not to say that you know why
dishwashers don't have lobbyists
employers have lobbyists yeah there's no
dishwashing Lobby that strong-armed of
politicians into representing the little
guy now point two is equally important
anyone who says the employers will not
take the money and understands nothing
about business okay about public
corporations if it's a private company
yeah the guy person running it could be
a decent person and he's gonna give a
hundred percent of the dishwashers etc
right but it's perfectly apasa so many
restaurants are corporate happens yeah
that's right and by the way the guy
running the restaurant could be a jerk
man can a hundred percent of the tips
and there's nothing you can do about it
according to this law and tell you if
you don't like it screw off try to get a
job in another place in an incredibly
competitive field and I'm pretty sure
that there are nice guys who are
employers and bad guys who are employers
throughout the country I've had both as
a waiter that's right and so some
percentage of the waitstaff will be
totally hosed if they're working for a
private company if you're working for a
public corporation well then you're
absolutely positively hosed you will go
down the minimum wage eventually and
you'll get none of it and I'll tell you
why because that quarterly earnings
calls the board will ask the CEO why
have you not maximize profits we hired
you to maximize wait there's a law allow
you to take a hundred percent of the
tips well yeah it does then why didn't
you take a hundred percent of the tips
well because you know I wanted to but
not you're fired
okay you are you gonna take a hundred
percent tips no you're fired
you're gonna take oh yeah I'm taking a
hundred percent of the tips all for the
employer that's how it's going to work
it's not going to be overnight
beginning they're gonna say oh we're
we're mostly giving it to the employees
and then they're gonna take a little bit
and then the next quarterly call they're
gonna get another question about why
didn't you take you took 12% that seemed
why not 25 why not 50 until a couple of
years from now they'll take all of it
and they will leave you with minimum
wage it it is their fiduciary
responsibility we have set up this
insane system that by law they must stay
call but otherwise they'll be fired I do
have to disagree with one part of your
analysis over the couple of years
happens they will also lobby to take
away the minimum wage just to be fair
so waiters waitstaff and the dishwashers
you all got rooked
today wiped out and I was not they had
not yet gone into effect there in a
period of fact-finding and by the only
thing that could save you is Donald
Trump's incompetence like all the
politicians want to do it because
there's again like I said there's no
dishwasher lobby there's no waiter lobby
there are restaurant workers and yes
like that editor grassroots movements
now as well among people who work in
restaurants would not allow those union
workers right and I love all you guys
and I don't want to diminish your work
but people working hard to lot it to
fight for the waitstaff in the
dishwashers etc but you think you have
the same amount of power as the
corporate lobbies now those corporate
lobbies are gonna crush you and except
for Donald Trump's incompetence this is
supposed to guarantee and they wrote it
on purpose to be able to rob you and
they will if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now tea why tea network.com slash joined
get the whole young turks oh every day
