we have our special guests with us for
our last segment she's a justice
Democrat routing for Congress in
Nevada's fourth District so great to
meet you now
tell us your story now what how did you
get it interested in running for
Congress how did you become a political
person you know my entry into activism
it came on the heel of my daughter's
death I remember I went through a year
where I just stayed at home and I didn't
want to reenter the world it was the
most crushing thing that's ever happened
to me and you know I was filled with
anger and a real sense of I don't even
know where I live in anymore because
this isn't the America that you know
I've been raised or thought that I was a
part of and eventually you know my
husband who is is from Brazil and it is
very familiar with single-payer started
talking to me about you know there's
this thing called single-payer ami most
countries have health care and it's not
based on your job or or your economic
status and I was like what you know like
most Americans we don't know what that
is
and so I went to a single-payer
conference and met the amazing Nina
Turner and heard her talk about you know
all the bones you have to have and
didn't remember her telling me you know
you have to dig really deep you have to
fight you got it you know really dig
deep and fight this and I decided that
you know I was going to find the mercies
and blessings and my daughter's passing
and and I was going to fight the powers
to be and I was going to fight to ensure
that no other American or anyone living
in this country dies for something as
simple and basic as health care Amy can
you share a little bit about how our
broken health care system contributed to
the death of your daughter yes I think I
think I mean if it's not too painful I
think I think people have to understand
that there are real consequences to our
health care system it's not just oh it's
not cost a little bit of money or the
people die and families are shattered
and and and and people are broken
because of this
and you know in the greatest or you know
allegedly the greatest country in the
world with incredible wealth the fact
that people are dying on a daily basis
because of health care to me is a it
just shocks the conscience is this
immoral and in every way so didn't share
that a little bit sure it is is it it is
very inhumane and you know my daughter
was 20 22 years of age she just moved to
Las Vegas
we just said moved ourselves and she
decided for some reason she wanted to
move out to Vegas and she was going to
school to become an RN and she had just
enrolled in school she was working two
jobs as a CNA and was very
self-sufficient when she arrived she had
a red swollen leg and we thought it's
just from driving you know I'm a was a
CFO not in a medical field and I thought
well you know give it some time this
should take care of itself it
continuously got worse and then she fell
I was out of town and I got a call could
hear was screaming and they went to the
emergency room and you know we do have a
law in place called him Tala that
requires them to see you but they have
found ways because they're profit-driven
to work around that and give what's
called wallet biopsies they they almost
do their medical exams so as not to find
anything so she presented with a red
swollen leg my daughter was half
african-american she had sickle cell
trait she was a casual smoker she had an
intern and just driven 22 hours they
were all signs and symptoms of a blood
clot
they immediately asked her when she got
there you know do you have insurance
that's the first phone caller wheeled it
I'm like why are you calling me on this
like we'll deal with this later just be
seen they had my husband calling up
TRICARE which he's in the military so
most people don't know that military
personnel and active duty people are not
covered the same way civilians are our
children are not covered between the
ages of 21 and 23 unless they are
actively enrolled and as she had just
enrolled in school this is how it rich
silly and ridiculous it is and the
semester had not started she would not
qualify to be on that inch
she win the back I got another call this
time she's crying and she's mommy
they're not helping me and she begged
for something for the pain and for some
testing to see what was wrong with her
lake they told her specifically go get
insurance and see a specialist we're not
a doctor's office and my daughter left
there thinking that it was just
something that she would have to do as
soon as she could secure insurance and
see a specialist I did do what no
parents should have to do and I had to
hold her she died in my arms of a
pulmonary embolism and it was totally
unnecessary and it was totally because
as a CFO I can tell you I understand
completely what goes on behind the
scenes they're doing risk you know risk
management they're talking about you
know patient payer mixes and how much
they can afford of what type of you know
insurance and just because you have
insurance doesn't mean that it's a gold
tier insurance and you could still be
susceptible to being discriminated
against and this she wins not a one off
she's not the first and unfortunately
she won't be the last until we get
people who have some guts and some balls
into Congress and into the Senate and
stand up for the American people and get
profit out of health care
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
