the pressure is increasing on Russell
Simmons in the wake of more allegations
of sexual assault in this video we're
going to be breaking down just some of
the details coming out of a an editorial
or sorry a news report of three more
women and the the incidents that
happened with Russell Simmons over the
course of the past several decades
it's very in-depth and there's a lot of
very uncomfortable details in this and
so we're not going to cover all of it
you can read it if you want to but here
are some of the details and what he's
doing in advance of more of these
potentially coming out he said on
Instagram I believe today that he's
going to begin to properly defend
himself this comes after the New York
Times story he says that it's not his
intention to diminish the me2 movement
in any way but instead to hold his
accusers accountable it's just a
statement about my innocence and because
of course saying that they are
purposefully misrepresenting what
happened could be seen as harming the
movement or you know merging the
movement he's trying to tread a careful
line there he says that he will prove
without any doubt that I'm innocent of
all rape charges but let's go to what
actually happened so this is the first
on work calls he would talk graphically
about how drew Dixon who is one of the
accusers aroused him at a staff meeting
he asked her to sit on his lap he
regularly exposed his erect penis door
later that year mr. Simmons alleged to
have raped her in his downtown Manhattan
apartment miss Dixon said she quit Def
Jam's soon after saying that she was
broken and so that is the first both
sexual harassment of a particularly
graphic kind and then sexual assault
that happened as well directly impacting
her career another Tony Sally a music
journalist said we were fighting during
an encounter at his apartment he said
she said no in response to him trying to
initiate sexual contact
he then rapes her she said to friends at
a colleague confirmed that Miss Sally
told them about the assault around the
time it happened through his lawyer mr.
Simmons acknowledged that he had dated
sallie which she acknowledges as well
but denied any non-consensual sex so
that is again an allegation of rape
coming after the cessation of a romantic
relationship so that this looks really
bad
he vehement ly denies it and so the one
the one part of a statement where he
says it's not diminished to me to
movement I'm just having to be innocent
that's entirely possible at some point
some guy will of course be innocent and
and it he's not meaning to diminish from
any movement it just doesn't happen to
have done it
right I don't know that this is that
moment these are very specific charges
from a multitude of women who have
corroborating witnesses from the time
they don't witnesses to the acts they're
witnesses to coming out of those
situations and telling when one case an
ex-husband in another case a therapist
this is what he just did to me
all the way back then there's a one of
the women reported to the police they
apparently thought they didn't have
enough evidence to take action but she
did report it to the police
yeah and so so it's possible that all of
them are making it up all at the same
time but all that that not those times
yes
but it doesn't look like it yeah and and
so one of the accounts was particularly
haunting it's a woman who was trying to
get into the music business she I
believe it gone to Stanford for some
time and then she goes and and is trying
to live her dream and and this is the so
other than the charges of sexual assault
which are horrific enough of course but
it's the idea of like the oppression the
non-stop oppression so if you want to
get it advanced in your career you can't
be like a guy and just do it on your
merit you have to constantly be exposed
to guys trying to have sex with you who
are your bosses over and over again and
if you do have sex with them you get
favors but if you don't then you don't
get been your put back how are you
getting favorable and then you are cast
off your reputation is ruined or god
knows what it's really a damned if you
do damned if you don't situation uh I
think that a lot of men since they
never experienced it had no idea the
degree to which women were
systematically oppressed in this country
for so long there's so many careers
could were thwarted a lot of these women
just gave up and after a while and one
of them had produced a great hit she
could had a great career had gone on to
another place where she was then
sexually harassed again right saying
eventually just gave up on the music
industry yeah it's it's damn near
impossible to get ahead in some of these
industries and for this to be a hurl
which is so disconnected from your
talent sure work ethic anything having
to do with the normal things we would
think that would affect whether you get
ahead or not and that you get abused in
this way and it happens in a lot of
industries I mean like even right like
in Olympic gymnastics there's the doctor
who sexually assaulted dozens and dozens
of girls like hundreds of girls and so
even as a child in a sport you can't
avoid it and there's I mean we know in
acting the concept of a casting couch
has been around for a long time but how
often were conversations about casting
couches the prelude to trying to do
something about it and I've talked to
friends who think sort of there's
something about these industries where
they think well you go in and okay so
someone propositions you for sex just
say no not understanding that these are
gatekeepers for the future of your
career and there's no respect for the
implicit threat and pressure put on you
that this is not simply well circle yes
if you'd like to have sex with me if not
we'll watch your tape and maybe you'll
make it in another way that that doesn't
exist okay once you throw in this
element that is all that matters and I
think that even now a lot of people
don't have a proper level of respect for
how that perverts the system and if
you're wondering why so many in the
media world and in politics are so many
these stories are coming out in those
industries a couple of different reasons
one it might be happening with your
local dentist but the person is not
famous so you don't hear about it that's
of course true well the second part of
it is because these industries have more
gatekeepers so you go to law school you
become a lawyer you go to
become go to medical school you become a
doctor and so that doesn't mean that you
won't have sexual harassment at law
firms or in medical context of course
there is right but it but it be it's
more prevalent in these situations where
there's a few guys who hold all of the
power and they get to make or break
careers
well that power gets abuse far more
often and so that's why in in media and
in politics you're seeing it a lot more
than you are in other industries if you
liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
