more Republicans are coming forward and
urging the FCC to avoid dismantling net
neutrality we're talking about
Republicans in Congress not Democrats
although Democrats of course want to
maintain net neutrality but Republicans
are now saying this is crazy
net neutrality is important and you
should leave it alone these lawmakers
include Representative Mike Coffman
Senator John Thune and also senator
Susan Collins so let me give you their
statements senator I'm sorry
representative Kaufman said the
following I urge you to delay your
upcoming vote and provide Congress with
the opportunity to hold hearings on the
net neutrality issue and to pass
permanent open Internet legislation so
that's great look I'm gonna give a lot
of caveats here so first of all credit
to these Republicans I always want to
give credit the Republicans if they're
doing the right thing because I don't
care about the team's what I care about
is policy so now on the other hand let's
be honest of other motivations okay one
possible motivation is that they're
doing the right thing and I acknowledge
that that's possible especially the case
of Kaufman who voted for net neutrality
in the past so credit okay
another possible motivation is a lot of
the right wing websites are like guys
we're not owned by Verizon AT&T or
Comcast right we might be screwed please
fight back against this which by the way
because the reality is dismantling net
neutrality impacts everyone it doesn't
matter what your political ideology is
and I want the the right-wing to have a
voice just as much as I want
progressives to have a voice I don't
want to censor anyone or slow down
internet speeds for any outlet or any
type of political ideology I want a free
marketplace of ideas yes and the third
possible motivation is remember you've
got almost everybody in terms of the
population on the side of net neutrality
and keeping a free and open Internet but
you also have some giant companies so
when we get into the senators I don't
know of Google Facebook Netflix uber
etcetera are donating to those guys but
they could have a bidding war I
you know all of our congressmen and
Senators are up for auction anyway so
that's that's you know that might be a
factor here but hey I'll take it because
I want the free in it there's one other
possible motivation and I think that
this could have an impact on how
lawmakers approach this issue remember
we're not only gonna suffer with slower
speeds on websites that aren't owned by
massive corporations or you know
companies that are gonna pay the money
to these internet service providers for
the faster speeds all of us all of us
are gonna pay a lot more for Internet
and constituents are gonna be angry and
people vote with their pocketbooks and
so I don't know maybe it's the least
relevant thing for a Republican
politician there's no way they care
about that let's keep it real tax cuts
at 29% they don't care federal
background checks not doing there was a
7% they didn't care they don't care
because in that case the donut the
donors have contributed so much money
that that's completely making them blind
and deaf to anything that anyone else
has to say but in this case I think that
there's a bunch of different factors at
play now let's hear from others Senator
John Thune said the following so many of
us in Congress already agree on many of
the principles of net neutrality if my
colleagues on the other side of the
aisle and those who claim to support net
neutrality rules want to enshrine
protections for consumers with the
backing of the law I call on you today
to join me in discussing legislation
that would do just that now again I just
I don't want you to get me wrong credit
where credit is due
soon is ready to vote for net neutrality
wonderful I'll take it and I'll give
them all the credit in the world but
remember they're gonna vote tomorrow
the FCC object I said I don't care we're
doesn't care how many millions of
comments came against it doesn't care
that some of the top Internet pioneers
in the world the father of the Internet
the guy who invented the World Wide Web
Steve Wozniak all these different guys
have said don't do it they're companies
on the other side that actually have
their business on the Internet have said
don't do it
it's like I don't care I don't care
don't care I work for Verizon I'm gonna
do whatever Verizon wants right so
they're having a vote tomorrow so Thune
could be saying well I was theoretically
again
Oh golly gee did they vote for it well I
guess there was nothing I could do but
let's be fair if he really does push for
legislation to undo that boat
I don't god help us right but if he does
then again all the credit in the world
to him
and finally Jeff Fortenberry also shared
his thoughts on this I recently urged
the FCC Chairman agita
to preserve the framework of net
neutrality the upcoming decision should
not allow for corporate mana
monopolistic domination whether internet
service provider delivery or content
creators yeah I want to give credit to
Susan Collins as well and to Ron Wyden
so Susan Collins is also saying that she
would vote for net neutrality but then
introduce the legislation then because
right now the FCC's gonna make the
ruling and we're gonna be done with it
but Wyden had real and he's a Democrat
he had really strong words about this
and saying they're gonna destroy freedom
on the internet and he's absolutely
right and all the Democrats who are
doing the right thing and I get
frustrated with Democrats all the time
but in this case they're for net
neutrality they're on the right side of
this issue almost in mass as far as I
know they're all in favor of it so that
credit to them too if they actually had
a vote if you take a couple of those
Republicans who are doing the right
thing and a vote where the Democrats
will win so we're supposed to have a
democracy so I don't want five guys at
the FCC three of which are clearly in
the pockets of those internet service
providers that work for them in the past
some of them did and some of them will
work for them in the future I don't want
the bribes going to them to settle this
issue for the entire country for the
protection of the internet so for all
Republicans doing the right thing you
are right you will also be protecting
right wing websites from being destroyed
by corrupt monopolies right and thank
you so for all of us right now this
battle is tomorrow let me tell you where
the FCC is the Federal Communication
Commission is at 4-4 5:12 Street
Southwest Washington DC their number is
188 call FCC and occupies email as pi at
FCC gov I I mean you guys should email
him for sure but
he probably avoids his email from yeah
he went on to you the other day and he's
so clueless he went on TV the other day
and cried about why don't they like me
yeah cuz you're a dick because you're
trying to free him on the internet it's
not that complicated you're trying to
hand the keys to the Internet to just
three or four companies that then get to
set the rules against the rest of us gee
I wonder why people don't like you but
guys it's not personal
keep it political keep its it civil okay
but that vote is unconscionable I hope
they don't have it tomorrow but if they
do have it we've got to then work with
everybody in Congress Democrats and
Republicans alike to make sure that we
reverse our ruling because they to have
them take the Internet away from us
whether you're right wing left wing or
anywhere in the middle is unacceptable
and and if you're for freedom then you
should be for net neutrality and and I
in this case I don't even have to
convince the right wing the right wing
on the online is we're all on the same
team here so let's all fight back
against these crony capitalists and get
a victory for the Internet
you just watch the video by the young
turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
