Sean Hannity was one of the individuals
who did not blame Bannon he actually
blamed someone else and I want you to
hear from him so let's take a look I
think Mitch McConnell has a lot of
culpability in all of this I was a a mo
Brooks supporter from day one I've known
Greg Brooks nearly 30 years he used to
fill in in my radio show and I had a
show in Huntsville Alabama and I thought
he would have been a great candidate the
person that came out strongest against
mold Brooks mat was Mitch McConnell
that's for Donnell you know literally
put himself in the middle of the race
time and again and it didn't work out
well for him thank you my favorite
excuse yeah I wasn't for Roy Moore who
lost I also wasn't for Luther strange
who lost I was for Mickey Mouse I was
for someone else Mickey Mouse Mickey
Mouse used to fill in for me when I did
my Mickey Mouse show and so I just
wanted to pick someone who wasn't in the
race because all my candidates lost when
it did Hannity talk about mo Brooks like
was he like a vociferous maybe I was
completely unaware maybe he was was
seriously supporting mo Brooks and I
just didn't hear about it but really and
then Mitch McConnell how about you blame
Roy Moore for being a disgusting person
for being a bacterial infection in the
human race how about you blamed that yes
okay and in Steve Bannon apparently
called a Sean Hannity while the election
was going on behind the scenes and
convinced him not to come out against
Roy Moore so oops you listen to Steve
Bannon and now after the election you
want to pretend that you weren't on more
side and then you weren't on strange
side and that you're just gonna pick a
random Republican in Alabama and like oh
no but I mean look everyone knows I was
always for Daffy Duck everyone knows it
okay how come you never said that the
whole time during the election how come
you didn't you yeah I don't know you
know this Sean you got a national show
it's on every night you could have come
on and be like Daffy okay but you never
said that cuz you were full of crap you
lobbied for these guys you fought for
these guys that you lost what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it in video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
