from now the great state of Alabama man
it was a nail-biter it was so close
Roy Moore was leading throughout which
by the way doesn't mean anything it's
just a matter of what order they count
the votes so it's just a matter of the
counting he wasn't actually leading it's
it's razor thin at the end ninety nine
percent reporting Doug Jones has in fact
won every one is called election for
Doug Jones Roy Moore has lost but it was
only by point seven points zero point
seven and and they just counted the
areas that went to Doug Jones last so
that's why it appeared that he pulled
ahead at the end and the it was less
than ten thousand votes that decided it
about six hundred and forty one thousand
two six hundred and thirty one thousand
with ninety nine percent reporting so as
close as it gets over one point two
million votes and decided by about nine
thousand votes overall so what's my
thoughts about it well as it just
happened now first of all to the
Republicans in the Senate brace for
impact
I'm kidding around that's a reference to
the 2016 election night no look I'm not
overjoyed in terms of for example are
they going to be able to give the tax
cuts my guess is they're Republicans
don't get the tax cuts they'll all vote
forward that's what their donors won
they still have fifty one votes you know
you never know what Donald Trump he
could screw up anything but but they'd
still have to work pretty hard to screw
that up and other than the tax cuts I
don't think they were gonna get anything
anyway so I don't think that it has a
big legislative difference and I know
the right wing has these theories about
how the liberals want to control your
life and they want to control this and
that no man look of course we want to
win and we want to win on most
importantly Policy Priorities dojos is
not a huge progressive but way way
better a million times better
then ROI more so it's it's not a matter
of you celebration over policy
differences here because we likely won't
have that many policy differences in
terms of whether you have 51 or 52
Republicans in the Senate mind if they
defeated that the the horrendous tax
cuts for the rich that would be
wonderful if that was a result of this
but like I said I doubt it we'll have to
see how it plays out
so the thing that I actually feel is
just relief the relief that we're not
quite as much of monsters as we could
have been and I know it's almost a tie
so I mean there it was like a battle of
almost literally in this case good
versus evil and and that about defines
humanity right well we're about 50% good
and 50% evil or maybe just a tiny half a
percent more good than evil man it
really is a metaphor in a lot of ways
for our nature as humans and you know
it's just a kind of a funny thing to say
but I feel a little bit of relief for
Alabama and even Alabama Republicans I
didn't want you to be that bad of guys I
didn't want you to put Roy Moore in the
Senate and then you got to live with
that the rest of your life you got to
live that with that the rest of our
political lives overall and so I'm glad
Doug Jones won
I'm glad decency won I'm glad that we
don't have to now worry about what we're
gonna do with a child predator in the
Senate and that that as a country we're
not that bad by 0.7% were not that bad
so thanks God for that and yes for later
elections that are not held in deeply
red states like Alabama it is it is a
sign of great things to come I believe
for progressives especially when we get
real progressives and and not a very
good sign for Republicans overall but to
be fair to Republicans this was a
particularly terrible terrible candidate
so I think if you're a Republican and
you didn't agree with Roy
or whether it's on race or religion or
the Constitution or being a child
predator it's a good day for you because
now you're you're not gonna have to
worry about him representing the
Republican brand so I would argue in a
lot of ways it's a win for all of us
and just one big sigh of relief all
right oh and I finally get to say it
down goes wrong more
Down Goes Roy Moors thank God Down Goes
Roy Moore
