an analysis done of the fortune 500
companies by an organization known as
the Center for American entrepreneurship
found that there is some percentage some
portion of these fortune 500 companies
that are owned operated founded by
immigrants or their children and so what
they found was that of the companies
that made the list in 2017 43% were
founded by an immigrant or a child of an
immigrant the share of immigrant
founders in the tech industry though is
higher at 45%
so these 216 companies produced 5.3
trillion dollars in global revenue and
also employed 12 point 1 million workers
worldwide last year so these are people
that you might have been told by some
politicians are the best they're causing
problems they're taking jobs away from
you when in reality they're actually
doing some pretty great things for the
economy and they are job creators one
other pretty amazing statistic that
sparked an interest with me I hope you
guys find it interesting though
accounting for less than 14% of the
population immigrants found almost a
quarter of all new businesses nearly 1/3
of venture backed companies and half of
Silicon Valley high-tech startups by the
way including this one I'm an immigrant
and I'm sort of tu I team were employing
about a hundred people here so seems
like we might have helped the economy a
little bit now let's talk about people
who have helped it far more so I want to
give you some specific examples of
immigrants that have set up some of
these companies some are from a long
time ago for more than a century ago but
they were also immigrants they were
European arrivals that helped form a
little company named PepsiCo I think you
might be familiar with their product but
they're white so that doesn't count ok
cool they're cool and DuPont and Colgate
etc now there's some recent immigrants
that are also white and from different
parts of Europe what our Netflix
founders is mark Randolph and he is the
son of an Austrian immigrant so thrilled
that we let him into the country and his
parents into the country so bearer is it
I'm an immigrant who helped start the
biotech firm so gene oj-- Stuber
apparently very well and then some that
you might be more familiar with there
was a Russian guy oh my god they let the
Russians in ok and something related
with the internet oh no watch out his
name is Sergey Brin he was Russian born
and he founded a little company named
Google along with Larry Page of course
and and then another tiny company
actually by some rank he's the number
one company in the world
Apple hmm founded by Steve Jobs who was
the son well I mean all these guys have
been kind of white you know Russia and
still I mean Steve Jobs he looks white
I'm sure it's a white immigrant see
we're not losing anything by banning the
Muslim countries first of all oh no I'm
sorry he's the son of a Syrian immigrant
and and yes Donald Trump specifically
talked about keeping people out from
Syria well if you had done that in the
past we didn't never had Apple here oops
yeah I think I think that it's it's kind
of interesting to especially look at the
tech industry and some of the innovation
coming out of Silicon Valley and how
that innovation tends not all of it but
tends to come from immigrants and Steve
Bandhan doesn't like that I remember you
know in a radio interview with Donald
Trump Trump said something positive
about immigrants contributing to
innovation you know in Silicon Valley
specifically badan wasn't buying it and
so think about that his hatred for
anyone who's non-white runs so deep that
he's willing to to pass policy or push
her policies that are counterproductive
for the US economy that's how deep that
hate is his racism is so deep it even
involves rich people where Trump draws
the line if you're rich and you're
willing to work with me and funnel money
to me that I don't really care where
you're from everyone else I'm gonna ban
right but Steve Banta and then interview
talked about how Indian and Asian CEOs
were taking over Silicon Valley they're
they're creating jobs though yeah I mean
first of all I literally don't know
what's wrong with that
it's actually not true the CEOs he said
are like 3/4 or 2/3 of the CEOs or Asian
or Indian that's it's actually about a
quarter of the CEOs not the founders
right but even if it were true and I
mean other than you being bitter about
it
I do I don't see what the issue is the
only reason that you would cien is
ending Trump like you said Benton is
doing the interviewing Trump is getting
interviewed on Banias program I'm
serious at the time even Trump's like
yeah but that's what they're CEOs that's
good right and bad it's like no they
don't share our culture in other words
I'm deeply racist what bitter towards
people who are more successful in AIA if
you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
