diet coke what happens if you have 12
diet cokes a day is it good for you is
it bad for you well we could look at
Donald Trump as an example of what diet
coke could do to you because apparently
according to his campaign manager who
wrote a book about Trump he consumes
McDonald's all sorts of bad food
Oreos but he has this affinity for diet
coke he has 12 cans of it every single
day which is interesting because back in
2012 he tweeted the following I have
never seen a thin person drinking diet
coke well he's also not in the mirror
that's true
so according to reports Trump by the way
New York Times reported this over the
weekend Trump has a button to summon
household staff for one of the twelve
diet cokes he drinks each day because
god forbid he has to get up and get that
diet coke himself also some research
regarding diet coke is mixed and I want
to talk about that in just a second but
jenk you used to be a huge fan of diet
coke what are your thoughts about this
what do you feel about the fact that you
now share similarity with Donald Trump
ok so I like the framing on that but I I
can't quite talk to you because I'm
trapped inside a glass house so do I eat
bad fast food all the time like Trump
yes am i monstrous enough to eat my
steaks well-done no hey I eat a medium
rare and with no ketchup it's ok it's ok
he's got bad eating habits I have bad
eating habits he treats that coke I
drink coke I used to drink diet coke but
I but I get the sense it was making me
hungrier there he was leading me to eat
more and then it was counterproductive
that was my sense of it so I didn't know
this until I dug a little deeper into
the research that's been done on
artificial sweeteners I thought that it
was already conclusive that that
artificial sweeteners they're bad for
you you should stay away but the results
are pretty mixed on these studies one of
the findings though is that artificial
sweeteners do tend to make you hungrier
and so through the the research that's
been done with that they found
correlation no causation so that's what
I mean when the jury is mixed but
I do think that drinking 12 cans of
anything every day is a bad idea
especially when you take into account
the caffeine in diet coke look we
already know that he doesn't sleep much
and he's drinking 12 cans of diet coke a
day which includes a lot of caffeine he
needs to get some sleep he need to get
off Twitter he was a sob drinking diet
coke there were some studies that also
include indicated that diet drinks could
increase your risk of stroke but again
causation was not proven in those
studies so either way I'm not gonna hit
on him freed eating fast food because I
like fast food - okay so I think this is
the least of Donald Trump's problems but
to your point about not getting much
sleep you might think well he's the
president he's working hard that's it's
good know in that same New York Times
article they talked about how he gets
about 5:30 in the morning okay and
immediately turns on television and
proceeds to watch four to eight hours of
TV every day eight hours of full-time
job and he's the President of the United
States that's when he's not golfing over
the weekend at one of his properties but
his hypocrisy is in this case because
it's not that important amusing like who
drinks that now I've never seen because
he can tell because he has to lie about
everything
yes be a hypocrite about everything
right and on the golf
he criticized Obama over and over and
over again on how much he golfed and now
eat twice he golf's twice or three times
as much as Obama he just he's amazing
again if you're as Donald Trump
supporter and you look at that stuff and
go man I love it when the president's a
hypocrite oh my god he lies like that
and it's so obvious it's great well I
mean whenever those stories come out
regarding him being a hypocrite they
just reject those stories as fake news
and it happens over and over again Trump
can give an interview where he
contradicts himself in the same
interview and his base will think that
it's some sort of manipulation by the
media or some sort of fabrication but
and that's the part that drives me crazy
because how are you going to reason with
the unreasonable you know I think at
this point he might even be messing with
his own supporters like he might now do
any interview where he's drinking a diet
coke so I don't drink diet coke that's
fake news wait for it wait for it and
they'll believe it they'll believe it
well who remember the guy on CNN who
said if Jesus came down and told me
Trump was wrong I'd ask Trump first okay
okay you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
