thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt the special
hearing involving dr Blasi ford's
allegations of sexual misconduct done by
Brett Kavanaugh back in the 1980s began
with Ford's testimony and the testimony
was powerful to say the least and that's
just not but that's not just based on my
perception of it many Republican
lawmakers responded to it by calling it
credible and we will get to their
statements in just a moment but before
we do so I would like to show you a few
portions of her testimony that really
stood out so let's start with Ford
detailing the sexual assault allegations
I went up a very narrow set of stairs
leading from the living room to a second
floor
to use the restroom when I got to the
top of the stairs I was pushed from
behind into a bedroom across from the
bathroom I couldn't see who pushed me
Brett and Mark came into the bedroom and
locked the door behind them there was
music playing in the bedroom it was
turned up louder by either Brett or mark
once we were in the room I was pushed
onto the bed and Brett got on top of me
he began running his hands over my body
and grinding into me I yelled hoping
that someone downstairs might hear me
and I tried to get away from him but his
weight was heavy
Brett groped me and tried to take off my
clothes he had a hard time because he
was very inebriated and because I was
wearing a one-piece bathing suit
underneath my clothing I believed he was
going to rape me I tried to yell for
help when I did
Brett put his hand over my mouth to stop
me from yelling this is what terrified
me the most and has had the most lasting
impact on my life it was hard for me to
breathe and I thought that Brett was
accidentally going to kill me both Brett
and Mark were drunkenly laughing during
the attack they seemed to be having a
very good time mark came over and jumped
on the bed twice while Brett was on top
of me and the last time that he did this
we toppled over and Brett was no longer
on top of me I was able to get up and
run out of the room so her allegations
were very detailed as we all know there
are certain parts of her allegations
that are murky in detail because she
doesn't remember so for instance the
exact location or the exact date she
doesn't remember but in terms of the
physical assault itself
she was very detailed and as you can
tell emotional as she was recounting
what happened to her there was plenty of
Tears on both sides Cavanaugh showed a
lot of emotion in his testimony as well
but it was a different kind of emotion
largely driven by anger and and and to
be fair sadness too but in in dr. Ford's
case she she teared up on a number of
occasions and understandably so in
describing this traumatic incident the
one the two parts I think that got
through a lot of people were the
understandably so again the covering her
mouth and and the laughter throughout
and and eight Anna's right it we you
know we were covering it live and it
struck me and John me and Ben as we were
watching it that it was very very
credible and then we checked online to
see what other people were saying about
it but even even Fox News analysts were
like Napolitano a hundred percent
credible and so she clearly went through
this and in fact it was so credible that
it appears the Republicans including
judge Kavanaugh and his testimony have
given up
the idea that this didn't happen to her
right there resorting only to mistaken
identity at this point exactly and we're
gonna come back to the whole notion of
mistaken identity in just a moment
because Blasi Ford did address that but
before we do so I want to give you one
other portion of her testimony or her
opening statement because she
highlighted something that she went
through with her husband that struck a
chord with me and I think struck a chord
with a lot of women who have gone
through anything traumatic in the past
so let's take a look at the video and
all fill in the blanks for you guys
the reason this came up in counseling is
that my husband and I had completed a
very extensive very long remodel of our
home and I insisted on a second front
door an idea that he and others
disagreed with and could not understand
in explaining why I wanted a second
front door I began to describe the
assault in detail I recall saying that
the boy who assaulted me could someday
be on the US Supreme Court and spoke a
bit about his background at an elitist
all-boys School in Bethesda Maryland my
husband recalls that I named my attacker
as Brett Kavanaugh so in the allegations
she claims that she was able to escape
the attempted rape when Mark judge kind
of jumped on top of them they toppled
over she was able to run and lock
herself into a bathroom and then wait
until she felt like it was safe for her
to run out and then run out of the house
for safety and so the whole thing about
the two front doors that's an escape
route you know that is an escape in case
something traumatic happens to her again
and so if you know your husband is
unaware of what you went through in the
past yeah it's very strange to ask for
two front doors and so that's how it
naturally came up in couples counseling
and it struck a chord with me because
you know I know from personal experience
when I've gone through something you
know difficult or traumatic
you start wanting irrational things to
protect yourself and I've had similar
arguments with my husband about things
where he doesn't understand he's like
why are you being irrational right now
and so that really struck a chord with
me personally yeah III think that was
one of the key details that really
sounded very very credible because why
would anybody want to front doors and
and that that's why I came up in couples
therapy in the first place and that's
the main corroborating note that we have
from that therapy session where she
talked about this assault and and but
what was chilling to me was knowing that
she was chased out of that home anyway
so she didn't escape hatch basically to
escape hatches out of the out of her own
house because of the trauma of the past
and zealots threatened her so
aggressively
that they had it levered their home
after people found out her identity and
to me man that that's terribly symbolic
and and so like we said after this there
just wasn't much to questioner on and
the they the prosecutor that the
Republicans brought in kept on asking
about details and all the details
matched I don't think that she was it
was so if they were trying to question
our credibility it was so ineffective
that by the end I was wondering if that
was the intention at all that perhaps
the prosecutor just wanted to lay out
all the facts and and and if they
matched they matched and they did so
there was almost no nothing at all
throughout the day to question any of
her stories or credibility the tiniest
little thing was about how she's afraid
of planes but took a bunch of planes
that air rides anyway that's called life
there yeah that's right I have a family
member who's afraid of flying and he
flies because he has to write write how
else are you gonna get from one part of
the country of the world to the other
so exactly at the end of the day super
credible and the prosecutor of anything
might have even helped her call
I think the prosecutor did help her
cause unwittingly and to give you an
example of an exchange Mitchell the
prosecutor had with dr. Blasi Ford that
I found fascinating was when not only
was she trying to poke holes in the
testimony but she was also trying to
figure out or make the case that this is
a politically motivated attack on
Cavanaugh and so one example was the
issue of the polygraph test and so the
prosecutor kept mentioning the polygraph
test and kept trying to figure out you
know did Democrats pay for the polygraph
test who encouraged you to take the
polygraph test
finally after a line of questioning both
attorneys for dr. Blasi Ford jumped in
and they're like let's just cut to the
chase
okay we asked her to go take the
polygraph test okay so there was that
and then there was one other part of the
polygraph test that I thought was
interesting
so dr. Blasi Ford took the test in
Baltimore and the prosecutor asked her
that's interesting so you live in
California why worried why did you go to
Baltimore and take this test and doctor
Blasi Ford responded by saying well I
was my grandmother died it was my
grandmother's funeral and so the person
who conducted the polygraph test was
kind enough to meet me in Baltimore so
we can conduct it there and it was like
oh okay it was it was a very explains it
it was a very awkward moment for the
prosecutor yes and so then we're left
with okay it's clear that this happened
to her and in even judge Cavanaugh in
his opening testimony twice said that he
does not dispute that at all
so well then are you sure that it was
Kavanaugh so they asked that question
let's take a look at the next video to
see what the answer is
last night the Republican staff of this
committee released the media timeline
the shows that they've interviewed two
people who claimed they were the ones
who actually assaulted you I'm asking
you to address this new defense of
mistaken identity directly dr. Ford
with what degree of certainty do you
believe Brent Kavanagh assaulted you
100% 100% yeah so look I don't know who
these two guys are that who volunteers
to say yeah I'm the one who did the
sexual assault 36 years ago let alone
two of them right they can't both be
right
so now what does that lead me to a
conclusion about who's right and who's
wrong no that leads me to for God's sake
let the FBI investigate yes okay so he
was super emotional about how it wasn't
him she is very clear that it was him
why don't you ask the other to have that
FBI who are trained professionals
non-partisan ask the two guys ask the
other witnesses ask everybody it doesn't
and and the Republicans keep falling
back on the FBI does not make
conclusions nobody's asking for a
conclusion we're asking for more
evidence because in a best-case scenario
for Cavanaugh it is unclear in a
best-case scenario so if it's unclear we
need more evidence how did that who
would be against the FBI asking the two
guys who raised their hand and said it
was me that that they sexually assaulted
Blasi Ford how could you possibly be
against that that might prove your case
entirely and we might be done with it
you would be against it if you know that
you are guilty of wrongdoing because I
know for a fact that anyone who is
adamant and certain that they're
innocent
would want further investigation to at
least clear their name right because
even if he gets confirmed without the
FBI investigation you have a huge
portion of the country under the
impression that you might have attempted
to rape someone when you were 17 years
old and I would not want the burden of
having my reputation destroyed like that
I would want my name cleared and I would
want a nonpartisan FBI investigation and
by the way when Republicans mentioned
that this is not done you know FBI
doesn't come up with conclusions they
know what they're doing right they're
trying to make it seem as though this is
unprecedented the FBI shouldn't be
involved FBI has never been
involved in situations like this no
they're not they're not handing down a
conviction they're doing a more
extensive background check to see if
there is any validity to these
allegations and by the way this is just
allegations for one person there have
been multiple accusers at this point are
any of those other accusers gonna be
part of any type of hearing all
Republicans still gonna rush to vote on
Kavanagh tomorrow yeah it seems at this
point unconscionable and you know a lot
of the Republicans showed anger
especially Lindsey Graham in I can't
believe what the Democrats are doing
well then for God's sake probe them
wrong because if you can prove them
wrong I'll be angry with you the great
majority of the country will be angry
with you because if these charges are
false and done on purpose
my god everybody will be in a rage at
what has happened in Cavanaugh wouldn't
you want that to a clear his name and by
the way be to help you politically I
mean it makes no sense to turn look guys
the last thing was the length of the
investigation because the Republicans
could have made a credible case while
the Democrats are trying to lay this
vote pass the election in the hopes that
they win the election and block
Cavanaugh but if their feet now the
Democrats say no no we just want a
one-week investigation of the FBI in
fact in the same exact situation with
Clarence happens to me and Anita Hill it
only took four days so now you know the
Republicans have no excuse left you have
a person here in in Blasi poor news by
their own minish admission clearly
credible Cavanaugh admits it probably
happened to her
you think it's mistaken identity you've
got all these other witnesses on other
situations and in this one and you have
the FBI and it can be done in a week
well before the elections
there's no reason at all to say don't
investigate again as Anna said unless
you're afraid of what they're gonna find
the TYT Plus app is now available on iOS
and Android download to get more TYT
content at TYT dot-com / app
