while student loan debt continues to be
a massive financial burden for various
students throughout the country Brown
University is trying to do its part to
lessen that financial burden and the way
that they're doing it is restructuring
their financial aid packages to exclude
loans in fact they want to replace loans
with grants that will be funded by money
that they fundraise to the tune of
thirty million dollars they plan to
continue fundraising so this program can
remain sustainable but it will not only
impact those from working-class
communities but also middle-class
individuals who could also stand to
benefit from not having to take out
student loans to get a decent education
so beginning next school year Brown
University will eliminate all student
loans in its undergraduate financial aid
packages replacing them with
scholarships Brown notes that it
specifically wants to address the
challenges faced by families with
moderate incomes who often do not
qualify for the generous or yes for the
generous financial aid offered to
low-income families by brown and some
other universities so this is a common
problem that a lot of students face
their parents will make a little too
much money a little tiny bit too much
money to qualify for student aid and so
as a result they have to take out the
loans to help them pay their tuition but
under this program those people would
also get the help necessary to you know
avoid taking out these loans I love it I
think it's such a great idea I'm really
happy that Brown is doing it and it goes
beyond Brown because look all these
other colleges and universities want to
compete with one another to enroll the
best and the brightest and if Brown is
doing this program well they're going to
attract some of the best and the
brightest because of the affordability
yeah okay all right a rare good thing
that Brown is doing bless their hearts
not a very good news story not rare good
that's your brown does other good things
yeah no no I was I meant it oh no you
want to know why because I'm needlessly
bitter at Brown
I didn't get it so crazy I am after all
these years I'm still holding out of
that grudge anyway they're lost chink it
was you had no idea what you lost
anyway no it's seriously it's great
program and at first I panicked a little
bit I'm like they're taking away loans
and then I was like Oh replacing them
with scholarships oh great because like
if you can't afford it and they're like
and now we're not gonna give you loans
either like get out but now they're
doing the opposite yeah they're doing
the opposite and as I said they intend
on raising more money so they want to
raise another 90 million dollars so this
program can remain sustainable but it
seems as though so many people are fired
up about the student loan issue that
there are people willing to donate and
so this is a in my opinion a great cause
and anything we can do to lessen that
financial burden for students and
encourage them to get a higher education
we should be in favor of it support it
we should be behind it oh I didn't know
that you care about education a little
too much oh okay okay look it's a great
development in America and I have a
family member who had to leave a college
that he loved because couldn't afford it
it was loans would have been
outrageously high so a development like
this is a good step in the right
direction at the end of the day what we
want is college for all so now that
wouldn't apply to brown is a private
university but if you've got a great kid
who's working super hard but can't
afford college we should make that
accessible through public universities
and we've got some great great public
universities in this country and why
shouldn't your kids have the same access
to the American Dream as rich kids do so
a good step here from private
universities like brown but let's do
college for all for everybody what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
