so Donald Trump is back on Twitter and
causing mayhem first with a wonderful
outrageous audacious lie let me read you
his tweet about the woman who have come
forward and accusing him of sexual
harassment and assault in different
instances there are now up to 19 women
who were doing that there was a press
conference with four of them and that
brave new films put together yesterday
so that's what's got them all agitated
so he tweets despite thousands of hours
wasted and many millions of dollars
spent the Democrats have been unable to
show any collusion with Russia so now
they are moving on to the false
accusations and fabricated stories of
women who I don't know and/or have never
met and then of course in big bold
letters fake news exclamation point you
want to have a fake news you never met
these women I'm not gonna go through all
of them but I gotta give you a lot of
them to give you a sense of how much he
has met these women and knows them he's
an unbelievable liar look at this list
compiled by Colin
comebacker at law and crime Cassandra's
fearless fearless was Miss Washington
2013 and Trump oversaw the pageant where
she performed summer servos was a
contestant on season 5 of The Apprentice
you never saw her she was on your TV
show
anyway Jessica Drake and two friends met
Trump at a celebrity golf tournament in
Nene Locke Sonnen and Trump appeared on
The Late Show with David Letterman on
the same night and took a photograph
there together in 2006 Samantha Hobie
was the 2006 Miss North Carolina and
Trump oversaw this pageant she was in
the pageant that is your pageant
Julianne honey the former Fox News hosts
had Trump appear on her show and joked
to multiple people there about an
earlier pass he had made ad honey
Jennifer Murphy was a contestant on
season 4 of The Apprentice that's the
second apprentice person that has
accused them and it was he pretty sure
he knew because he at some point had
them on the program Natasha story off in
2005 was the journalist who wrote a
profile of the Trump family and was
given a tour Marv Lago by the Donald
himself so and that
the story where he corners are in the
room and starts groping her in exactly
the ways that he described on the access
hollywood tape I'm pretty sure you met
the reporter who did a profile of you
that's in their magazine we know that
and she took pictures Rishi wrote our
article about you
etc you've got the people on your show I
mean like we really have to go through
this but one last one accuser number 17
Jill Horace well she goes all the way
back with Trump as a business associate
and settled a lawsuit related to their
business dealings in 1997 which resulted
in an attempted rape lawsuit against
Trump being dropped
Trump's attorney has admitted that Trump
knew her okay so if you're a trump
supporter that that you can see Trump
with those women on TV that last woman
there's a court documents did with the
Washington Post and here were times
going event court documents that didn't
exist that they invent a human being
that doesn't exist did that case never
happen did he never was he never in
business with Jill heart these are
verifiable facts the only way you don't
see it is if you don't want to see it
but the reality is not just that he did
these things with these women but it's
just but it's deeper than that he's a
pathological liar he cannot help himself
he's sick so when you have something
like these situation where you have
clearly clearly clearly met these women
you have pictures of them you're you're
on TV with them etc he can't help
himself I never met them they don't
actually it's fake news it's it's not
true I don't know them because he's
pathological and by the way of course as
usual he has done nothing but hurt his
own case because one of the woman
summers service is already in court
suing him for defamation and lying about
her now she's gonna get the say in any
future plaintiffs are gonna get to say
this guy's an obvious proven liar so
more from law and crime they explain
once each of trumps courtroom ready
accusers proofs today's official
statement from the White House was false
and proved this in front of a judge
Trump will appear even more dishonest in
the eyes of a potential jury I guess I'm
wondering when is he going to appear
dishonest in the eyes of his voters how
could you not see it it's right there in
front of you maybe you could still claim
know all 19 women are lying there put up
there by the fake media and
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba but you can't say
he didn't meet them because he hundred
percent met them and he knows them and
he just brazenly told you that he hasn't
you're telling me he's not a liar come
on even you know he's a liar and even
you know he's pathological and can't
help himself okay if you're comfortable
with that that's fine but just think
about this what else did he lied to you
about you think he's really in it for
you guys as he told you or maybe just
maybe that too was a lie if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now tea why tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks Oh every day
