we've got Kentucky representative Dan
Johnson he's a Republican so of course
he's been accused of doing terrible
things to young girls didn't used to be
of course but these days seems to be
what's happening now he has a bizarre
singing defense which I can't wait to
show I'm going to show to you
momentarily but first let me give you
the unfortunate context for this 17 year
old girl was at a New Year's Eve party
that unfortunately this Dan Johnson was
also at and she woke up to him molesting
her which she went on they explained to
Louisville public media so I'm gonna
read that description for you it is
certainly uncomfortable by the way this
is when he was apparently trying to
minister to her if this is their idea of
ministering it's quite disgusting
so acting as her preacher as as she
explained
okay so here's her quotes that night or
as the stories explain in Louisville
public media that night she woke after
settling in on the sofa she was groggy
unfocused but she saw Johnson kneeling
above her he gave her a kiss on the head
she thought it fatherly nothing out of
the ordinary simply one last goodnight
gesture then he started to stroke her
arm he slid his hands up under her shirt
and bra and groped her he stunk his
tongue in her mouth then he forced his
hands down her pants underneath her
underwear and penetrated her with his
finger she begged her pastor to stop and
tried to force him off quietly she
remembers not wanting to awaken Sara but
Johnson was a big man roughly twice her
weight he told her she'd like it she
said no she didn't she pleaded with him
go away go away and and he didn't now
Dan Johnson's not only state Rep but
he's apparently a preacher at this
church the church is I don't know if
it's appropriate or inappropriately
named heart of fire church so he decided
that he was going to go to the church
and explain himself
but before explaining himself about
these charges which everybody's waiting
on ok did you molest a 17 year old girl
he decided that it would be a good idea
to first start with a little song about
the baby Jesus so let's do this
cries all right answer questions if I
can now I didn't grow up a Christian in
Kentucky and I get that that's the song
that people sing in good times and
perhaps and bad times in church as well
but when I'm about to answer charges on
a matter such as this I don't think
that's the direction out of gone
I mean it's weirdly out of tune if you
will let alone the fact that you're
talking about how your adoring a baby
and this cost in this context I wouldn't
I gone in that direction
it's just weird singing a Christmas song
in a sense right before you talk about
these terrible charges of what you might
have done to a 17 year old girl I mean
what all right before we get to that
though jingle bells jingle bells
everybody with me we're gonna go with
Rudolph the reindeer I mean this is just
get to the god damn charges all right so
when he does doesn't get much better I'm
very very disturbed over the the piece
that was written from NPR at the same
time you know I know that they went with
a whole I think their word was seven
months I don't think that they ever quit
investigating from the time that I won
the election and it's really sad that we
end up with stories and investigations
that are going on from all kind of
funding that is very partisan and that
is something that I know that's involved
in this situation yeah yeah did you do
it or didn't you do it the part is in
and the media and it's disturbing and
yeah and they're always charging me with
stuff we I'm gonna show you what else
they he got charged with earlier by the
way despite those charges he won which
is amazing or maybe these days in the
Republican Party not at all amazing all
right one more here people that run for
office hopefully are just real people
and there's no perfect people so there's
gonna be if you go through the time
somebody was born and that's what's
happened in my life in this situation
till this date you know there's things
that aren't perfect and that's a fact
this allegation concerning this this
lady this young girl absolutely has no
merit there is no anything that person
affects some of this I heard yesterday
for the first time as I read this story
hmm when you say here's somebody talking
about I mean nobody's perfect I mean
sometimes there's a sleeping
seventeen-year-old at a New Year's Eve
party what are you gonna do not fun
alert come on it's super obvious I mean
look at have I done things in the past
in other words I've done a lot of things
in the past well let me get a swig of
water here I'm in a world of hurt and
then that denial was walking around it's
the first time I heard about it doesn't
have any merit in
no I don't want to finish that sentence
and you know I and you know I'm hearing
about it now before you didn't hear
about it you just did it so look hey man
you make your own call to me that guy
looks like the guiltiest guy on the
planet and he went on to say in this
heart of fire speech it is a season he
said last election it seemed to be
racism this election is seems to be
sexual impropriety people want to go
back over my whole entire life you know
why if you molest a 17 year old girl yes
we we I think it's relevant to the
conversation if you're deeply racist I
think it's relevant to the conversation
but the good folks in your district in
Kentucky apparently didn't think so last
time around in this case he's like no
there's no reason I would resign I mean
I guess in today's Republican Party he
thinks Roy Moore is not resigning Donald
Trump is accused by 19 women of sexually
harassing or assaulting them he's not
resigning so he says there's no reason
I'd resign so what was the racial thing
that he was charged with before
well people went on his Facebook page
and it turns out he had meme after meme
comparing the Obamas to monkeys here
let's take a look and you know you see
the photoshopped images on the left and
then Obama's baby picture and it's a
little chimpanzee oh that's so fun he
and cliff racist of course when he was
asked about it by the local news he said
oh I'm not racist you know I think all
presidents have been criticized I think
that Obama can be criticized too yeah
you can criticize him I criticize them
over and over again but not by calling
him a monkey now that's a little bit
different and if you don't think that's
different then you're more ignorant than
you look
all right there's more of course here's
this whole photo just brings a tear to
my eye a rare photo of Ronald Reagan
babysitting Obama
and then unsurprisingly of course
Confederate flags all over his Facebook
page just posting this historical flag
to offend the ignorant people ignorant
of what their racist in the South not
everybody in the south the racist in the
south keep saying the birthers don't
understand it wasn't about slavery it
was about states rights to keep slaves
yeah I'm pretty sure I know who the
ignorant one is so but in today's day
and age probably Kentucky Republicans
like Alabama Republicans will look at
that and go why that was a nice song I
mean after you molested that seventeen
year old girl he's sang a nice song
about it and you liberals still want to
make hay out of it alright just long as
you raise your hand and and be clear
proudly that you do not and have never
cared about morality if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
show every day
