so you all know Roy Morris been charged
with molesting young girls as young as
14 sexually assaulting a 16 year old is
one of the very significant incredible
allegations so how is he gonna combat
that he's gonna bring down an old friend
bill sailing served in Nam with them
that sense starts out pretty good you
mean maybe he saved his life or
something to tell a story that shows
royal mores true character very normal
thing to do in politics makes sense
no no bill Sayle is going to tell a
story about a brothel that they went to
not a good idea
hold just when you think you can't get
worse there is that it was a child
brothel
his argument is that Roy Moore did the
moral thing inside a child brothel
let's hear him out
club and the city that we go to this
place that we walked inside I can tell
you what I wanted
and the terms of the less time that it
took for someone in caucus and there
were certainly pretty girls and they
were probably very
why send me we shouldn't be here I live
in fact I think those workers fabulous
oh boy
that was more honorable this is when
morally straight
if you've been accused of being a child
predator I don't think I'd bring up that
you were once at a child brothel
and I'm not sure that that's a
convincing case of the voters an outro
like Hello behold we were a knob wide
opening child rather I don't know how we
got there but there's nothing I brought
us there and then we look around and
pour those girls were pretty I'll tell
you they were really young and really
pretty by the way I just want to be
clear you heard it there let's repeat it
in case you didn't quite catch it watch
listen that bar very young but pretty so
you guys went to a child brothel in
Vietnam and you're looking at the pretty
girls who are very young but you still
thought were pretty you guys had a
conversation and apparently according to
your recollection of it you guys then
decided to leave and this proves your
moral character okay by the way the rest
of the story it got worse he says the
guy who brought them and God knows they
said it was a private club now you
didn't know what a private club meant
back then so I guess you thought you
were going on normal brothel and you got
an underage waffle instead and then
that's what Roy Moore shining character
came and said alright I might not want
to have sex with really young girls who
are not of my race at this point in
Vietnam okay and and apparently they got
the third guy in this insane story
that's told state and they didn't tackle
him they didn't tell him not to do it
and like the anecdote ends with and he
came back the next morning out of
motorcycle no not that means he slept
with a very very young girls and you
guys were like oh that's cool we're Nam
go for it I don't think you like that we
have the same conception of morality as
they do because we're not we're not
speaking the same language here and look
this is this is bad of course that he
and others wacky speakers speak
throughout a Steve banning came on and
he took a shot at
monka Trump remember about Ivanka Trump
talked about a special place in hell
reserved for people who prey on children
or I guess also let their friends prey
on children in the middle of Vietnam
anyway Bannon turn that around and said
there's a special place in hell for
Republicans who should know better than
not supporting Roy more so I guess he's
saying ibaka Trump has a special place
in hell let alone all the other
Republicans that are bailed and then
representative Louie Gohmert didn't want
an opportunity pass by where the worst
of the worst Republicans were gathering
and saying the dumbest things so he
showed up that's a golden opportunity
for him and he said if somebody got
money for trying to destroy a righteous
man referring to the people who made
accusations against Roy Moore there's a
place called prison so now their
intimidation of the victims has gone as
far as saying not only are they liars
not only is Roy Moore's campaign
actively smearing them today I shared
that memo with you yesterday on them on
The Young Turks but now government's
saying maybe we should lock him up if
you dare accuse a powerful man of
sexually assaulting you maybe we should
put you in prison and gee I wonder why
they didn't come forward earlier that's
one of the things they said why didn't
they come forward earlier now they'll
probably say why didn't those underage
girls in Vietnam come forward earlier
and talk about their problems I see I
don't really believe him Wow monsters
through and through if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
/join and once you do you'll be saying
get home like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com / joy
