Roy Moore's election is tomorrow and
we're gonna see if he wins or Doug Jones
wins there's been a lot of charges
against Roy Morra as you know obviously
there's a sexual perversion but there's
also charges that he has not been great
to african-americans certainly to gays I
mean his spokesperson was on cable news
today
when asked if Roy Moore thinks that
homosexuality should be illegal which is
what he said about ten years ago his
spokesperson said yeah probably yeah
should be illegal and this guy is an
excellent chance to being a United
States Senator from the great state of
Alabama anyway one of the charges is
that he has said things that are
anti-semitic the reason that those
charges exist is because he has said
things that are anti-semitic so let me
clarify for you guys get to make your
own call on whether you think these are
bigoted or not he said about George
Soros now look a lot of people attacked
George Soros and and that by itself
doesn't mean anything right the context
matters a lot so let's look at the
context of what he said about source
he said Soros comes from another world I
don't identify with already this is
beginning to be problematic okay he says
I wish I could face him directly and I
tell them the same thing that no matter
how much money he's got he's still going
to the same place that people who don't
recognize God and morality and accept
his salvation are going and that's not a
good place okay yeah that started poorly
and and ended far far worse
so basically Soros is Jewish so he's
going to hell okay great
now look if he was just criticizing him
for being a giant donor and buying off
politicians I think that's fair game
certainly we criticize those on the
right no matter what their religion are
for the same thing but he clearly is
specifically talking about his religion
and saying that he's going to hell now
he doesn't doesn't think that his only
agenda is a Jewish one I guess but he
says he's pushing an agenda and his
agenda is sexual in nature Wow
I did not see that coming I didn't know
that
George Soros was accused of having a
sexual agenda okay so these people are
lunatics but that's okay because here
comes his wife to the rescue she is
going to make a mess of it I mean try to
defend him you're gonna love this clip
let's watch news we tell you that we
don't care produce might tell you all
this because I've seen it all so I just
want to set the record straight while
they're here
one of our attorneys is a Jew
we had very close friends that are doing
how that could be worse right hey the
guy who runs bagel shop also a Jew okay
banker not all but some Jew you run the
camera over there controlling the media
a Jew that doesn't help your cause that
doesn't help your cause who's like oh
you're not going to convince us then you
have a lot of Jewish friends if you go
around saying my lawyers a Jew so I
can't be anti-semitic you're not gonna
convince us by telling us that George
Soros is going to hell because he does
he's not a good Christian oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah okay
Roy hey wait look by the way that hold
my good friends are some of my best
friends are black Jewish fill in the
blank okay
I actually don't dismiss as out of hand
as others do if you're a white guy and
it turns out no a lot of your friends
are black and they vouch for you I think
that means something it does not the end
of a conversation but it means something
but if your idea of like no I know some
of them I got a dude lawyer no nope that
one didn't work I remember this story
we ran once about how one guy was trying
to explain he's not racing she said oh
yeah I have unless some of them use my
bathroom wow did you well that's mighty
Christian of you
so speaking of which the Moors don't
want to leave our black folks so let's
hear them out on that fake news but also
have you think that my husband doesn't
support the black community yet my
husband appointed the very first black
Marshal to the Alabama Supreme Court
when he first took office as chief
justice many years ago he brought with
him three people from Etowah County two
were black and one of them is here
tonight
we have many friends that are black and
we also fellowship with them in church
and in our home we even got a black
right here we even let some of them into
our home we even let one of them go
Dookie in our house okay
anyone can rinse that these good folks
are like oh man they are so tight-knit
with african-american and Jewish
American communities they've let one
into their house in terms of blacks and
they called you who's the lawyer what
we're gonna do with these folks all
right yes he is a child predator but
he's got a lot of other issues as well
so if this guy becomes a United States
Senator watch out if you become a member
of the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now ey tea network.com slash join
get the whole younger so every day
