the Los Angeles Times analyzed something
known as the Brady list this is
essentially a list of cops in Los
Angeles who have been either accused or
convicted of bad behavior misconduct
criminal activity and a lot of these
people have not been fired a lot of
these people have served as individuals
who testify in criminal cases and now
this question is coming up about whether
or not prosecutors or defense attorneys
will have access to this database to
this list in order to ensure that
justice is served in cases where these
cops are involved so to give you some
more information about this back in the
early 2000s there were reforms in the
LAPD under sheriff Baca there was a ton
of misconduct and so when the new
sheriff came in they started compiling
the brady list and the whole point was
to kind of keep an eye on cops that
might be doing things that are unlawful
now the secret Sheriff's Department list
now includes about 300 deputies with
histories of dishonesty and similar
misconduct now the most recent list that
the LA Times was able to obtain was from
2014 so things may have changed since
then but here's what we know so far
sheriff Jim McDonald wants to give the
names on the list to prosecutors who are
required by law to tell criminal
defendants about evidence that would
damage the credibility of an officer
called as a witness so again these are
people who would testify in these cases
the deputies have been identified as
potential witnesses in more than 62,000
felony cases since 2000 in many of those
cases the deputies misconduct would
probably have been relevant in assessing
their credibility okay so now let's
break down some of the misconduct cases
in one case there was a cop who lost
evidence and that evidence was a
bloodied shirt so he thought it would be
a great idea to take taco sauce spread
it all over a different shirt and then
take photos of that and use that as
evidence in a case he likes tacos I mean
okay there's also other cases one deputy
peppers
parade an elderly man in the face and
then wrote a false report to justify
arresting him
no cops assaulting citizens and then
pretending the citizens assaulted them I
have never a case like that hmm I look
there's two different kinds of cases
here one is the idiot or corrupt cop
which some police departments actually
do want to root out I would actually say
and I'm this is anecdotal I don't have
statistics based on this but I would
imagine that most police departments
want to root out the corrupt cops
okay corrupt meaning I'm taking money
and doing this or I'm a buffoon who's
putting taco sauce all over the evidence
a lot of that will get covered up but
but in a lot of the cases they don't
want those cops okay then there's a
second kind of cases where oh I beat the
shit out of a guy and then I then
pretended that he assaulted me or
resisted arrest brutality cases and also
the sexual misconduct cases which are
also listed in this Brady list so one of
the other examples was that another cop
pulled over a stranger and received oral
sex from her in his patrol car he had
alleged that it was completely
consensual but the woman complained
about it the day after and said no it
wasn't consensual
I was afraid I'm talking about a
uniformed cop with a gun and I did I
felt pressured I didn't know what to do
if you think a boss saying let's have
sex is non-consensual and it is right
there's a power dynamic issue there
might intimidate the woman right or the
guy depending on the circumstance wait
to get a load of a cop asking for sex
with a gun okay so he's got the gun on
him we've seen what cops do from time to
time in America yes that would that
would be coercive him he says which she
said immediately afterwards no I didn't
agree to it
exactly so look at the heart of this
issue is whether or not prosecutors will
have access to the list in order to do
their jobs properly because remember if
these cops have been found to make false
reports or plant evidence or anything
like that well that could really have an
impact on the outcome of
trial especially a criminal trial that
they're testifying in and what's
happening is the the police union is
saying no no we don't want any
prosecutor to have any access to this
whatsoever also keep in mind that the
list includes several deputies still
with the department who were convicted
of crimes one for filing a false arrest
report and another who was charged with
domestic battery but pleaded no contest
to a lesser offense and so if you take a
look at this graph it'll show you what
the majority of misconduct cases
involved so dishonesty by far is the
largest percentage there there's also
family violence and moral conduct
stealing and sexual misconduct as well
so I want to give the sheriff's office
here credit because it's easier to go
after that first bucket that I talked
about the taco sauce guys and the guys
dealing with the drug dealers and taking
money on the side it's harder to tackle
the more systemic issue of violence
against citizens and then lying about it
or course of sex with citizens and then
lying about it and here they are taking
it on now every you almost every union
in the country has been beat down except
the police union yeah they are ferocious
and whereas the other unions could help
you use some help in actually
representing their their members against
the corporate power right in the case of
the police there's no corporations no so
no one to crush them it's just their
Union versus the citizens right right
and by the way I look I am in favor of
unions even the police union but there
there needs to be bounds of reason
accountability accountability exactly
and so I don't want cops to needlessly
lose their jobs when they haven't really
done anything wrong but in cases like
this where you're talking about false
reports when you're talking about
planning evidence when you're talking
about sexual misconduct I mean really
you're gonna protect these individuals
jobs to the point where they're still
able to have input in the outcome of a
criminal case and by the way
this statement by the Union drives me
insane so the union representing the
sheriff's deputies argues that giving
prosecutors the name
on the list would needlessly harm the
careers of deputies and could jeopardize
numerous criminal prosecutions
prosecutions in which they played a role
needlessly harm their careers let me ask
you guys something if you are found of
any found guilty of any type of
misconduct within your office would you
lose your job
yeah and imagine you go walk into your
boss office look I might have stolen a
couple thousand dollars worth of
equipment but if you say that to people
it'll harm my career yeah maybe then you
shouldn't have stolen the thousands of
dollars of equipment right yeah so it's
a totally theoretical case okay so in in
in this case some of the stuff was the
corruption I'm talking about with the
drug dealers right so thousands of
dollars and then you walk in and go why
you're gonna ruin my creation by saying
that I took money from a drug dealer but
you did take money from a drug dealer
right so and that's one of the many
hypothetical case not in their case not
hypothetical but real cases so the
that's maddening for for a second reason
- so you're saying people who might have
been innocent but got prosecuted with
the false evidence that these cops
worked up on them we shouldn't let them
know because it might hurt the cop's
reputation and career know you can by
law we have to let them know that we
they might have made up evidence against
them right and not only that they're
concerned about the cops career but
they're not concerned about making sure
that justice is really served in these
criminal cases because some of this
evidence might be faulty it might be
planted whatever it is the witness
testimony if the cop is the one
testifying could be misleading could be
false whatever it is someone could be
found guilty of a crime they did not
commit as a result of this misconduct
and their argument is all this could
jeopardize numerous criminal
prosecutions there are no these criminal
prosecutions are already jeopardized
like there's already an issue there and
they should be jeopardized because we
don't know if they were actually guilty
or innocent and by the way the last part
of this puzzle that's maddening is so
they they've in some cases attacked
abuse etc citizens that's problem one
problem number two is they've might have
put away people who were perfectly
innocent by making up evidence problem
number three is now a lot of guys who
were guilty might have to go free
because we don't know which evidence was
reliable and which one wasn't right so
and that's also terrible that's also a
miscarriage of justice but you don't
serve justice by covering up all the
wrongdoing and saying somewhere
innocence some were guilty let's just
not tell them that's not how America is
supposed to work so what has been
happening is atrocious but again to give
credit to the Sheriff's Department and
as we've told you not all the cops are
the same not all the sheriff's officer
the same and in this case they are
taking corrective action for which they
should be complimented and lauded TYT
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
