hi guys this is Ken Clippard Stein with
TYT investigates I'm here at the capital
of Alabama state haunted by the legacy
of Jim Crow I'm here to cover the highly
contested Senate race between Doug Jones
and Roy Moore what you all heard is the
number of allegations horrifying
allegations against Roy Moore what you
may not have heard from the mainstream
media however is the full frontal
assault on voters rights that's going to
I think have an enormous effect on the
number of voters that turnout for this
election I'm here right from the capital
we'll be interviewing a number of people
you can take a step aside over here
there's a car back there we're gonna be
interviewing a number of experts people
in NGOs people at the SEIU unions folks
who have worked to try to get the vote
out and so that they can explain to us
some of the challenges to getting voters
out as I mentioned before Doug Jones
campaign depends crucially on the black
turnout however there's been an assault
on specifically black voters you can
look at the number of DMV offices that
have been closed down voter rights voter
ID laws that have passed and when you
don't have a DMV office you can go to
get your identification that makes it
very hard to vote all this is going to
have a major impact on this is something
that I think has been overlooked by the
mainstream media in its coverage of this
particular issue so follow me at Ken
clip and sign on Twitter you can follow
TYT investigates Twitter as well to get
updates on the election and facts that
you might not be hearing elsewhere
thanks a lot
is that okay
you
