I would just like to get your opinion on
Bruce Bartlett has been tweeting pretty
hard about this and Bruce Bartlett from
the Bush administration he's a
Republican but I think he's an honest
actor and he's saying that this is the
Democrats shooting themselves in the
foot and standing uh and because he says
the voters don't care and he said that's
what he says voters don't give a crap
and they're doing this to ourselves or
I'm not doing it but the Democrats are
doing this to themselves what what Al
Franken stuff like that's what he's
referring Republicans are fully
throating endorsing Roy Moore they're
gonna keep winning and keep getting and
then Democrats are eating their own is
how he put it so I would so yeah John
and I talked about this on the show the
other day the problem is that both
Democratic there's two different
problems in my opinion one is that
Democratic politicians think that if
they drum Al Franken out of town and
John Conyers etc that that'll then they
then they'll wind Alabama see as a
matter of political calculation that's
not remotely true that those two things
are not at all connected you are just
you know throwing your own guys on the
bus but but there's a huge but which is
they deserve to be under of us at least
Conyers certainly and Conner is a legend
but he certainly appears that he did
those things that he's gotta go right
now Frank and I think is a far more
difficult case I'm not sure that I
believe him when he says that he doesn't
remember those things the same way as
some of those accusers on the other hand
we know Roger stone was in on the first
plot against Al Franken which makes me
wary of all of this right so to me yes
there's the weak Democratic leadership
but the other part of it that we
discussed on the show the other day
Jimmy is that Democratic voters are more
moral than Republican vote they are they
just because I don't want to really like
the Anthony Weiner or John Conyers
knowing what I know about them now I
wouldn't I wouldn't vote for them and I
don't need to I could just I could find
a progressive candidate in those races
who hasn't sent tweets to underage girls
or you know sexually harassed people
that work for him but Republicans I not
only do they not mind because they don't
really care about my look they like Roy
more because of me they hate that he has
that's not
bug that's the feature yes right so when
their their lack of morality Lisa even I
don't know are we supposed to be the
immoral ones yeah he's supposed to be
the terrible immoral Family Values
there's a question yeah they're the
Family Values who care about you know
the right to life and all that
supposedly but you know when it comes to
right to life it's only about you know
psychos but but it's never about
protecting living breathing human beings
and and look in the past and recently on
this show there's been some pretty harsh
criticism toward you know women who
consistently support these types of
candidates and that criticism stems from
the fact that I just don't understand
how you can continuously vote for people
who don't respect you that think that
you're just collateral damage you know
in their political schemes and their
political agenda they don't see you as
humans like that's the thing that drives
me crazy about all of this look I don't
accept anything the Republicans say in
fact I think it's the exact opposite so
they called themselves a moral majority
back when I was growing up 80's 90's
know they're actually the immoral
minority yes so it's they they don't
believe in Family Values at all when you
have child predators who think it's
fantastic D Charlet had three abortions
from his wife and his mistress okay he's
a current sitting congressman in
Tennessee got reelected no problem
they don't actually care about Family
Values or morality it's actually the
exact opposite those white evangelical
voters that are staying with Roy Moore
and Donald Trump and by the way some
have left to be fair and I said some
Kansas moms would say this is a bridge
too far I've maybe I want lower taxes
because I got tricked into thinking that
was for me whatever and but I'm not for
this right and that has happened
he's lost seventeen percent of support
among white evangelicals Donald Trump
has okay but for those that remain the
the lack of morality is not the bug it's
the feature that why did they like Roy
Moore and Donald Trump the number one
reason is they hate the same people that
they hate so those voters don't like
Latinos they don't like blacks they
don't like gays they've been taught not
to like gays and blacks etc it's and
then so they see a guy like Roy Moore
filled with hate they go that's my guy
so you keep telling me
to your original question about strategy
Jimmy Democrats keep thinking if we show
them that they're full of hate that
they'll they'll vote against them no if
you show them that they're full of hate
or they're bad guys they'll vote for
them and that's what that's why somebody
got energized to show up for Donald
Trump like finally someone as honestly
hateful as I am yes yeah you're right
that's why his poll numbers would go up
every time he said something negative
about any group of any minority group so
here's what I don't get about Al Franken
so Garrison Keillor writes this article
in The Washington Post says it's absurd
what's happening to him here Issa he has
to resign he says this were in the
middle of a mania and he says I wish
somebody would stand up to this and I'm
like well he how about you you're 75
years old you're retired you got nothing
but time on your hands and millions of
dollars why don't you hire a lawyer and
call a press conference and maybe put a
stop to if you think this is really
yummy Nia here's Al Franken one of the
most powerful guys in the entire world
he's one of the most 50 powerful guys in
this country the most powerful country
in the world and he's just gonna roll
over and if it's not true so if why
doesn't he demand an investigation
because that's what progressives are
supposed to do we're supposed to be for
due process no matter who it is you
don't discount the accuser you take them
seriously and then you launch an
investigation on those accusations so
this is what I don't get like why is El
Franken doing this if the all these
people are even bruce bartlett saying
this is a bad idea and he didn't seem to
be agreeing with it when in his speech
right he seemed you don't point your
finger at other people when you're
resigning in shame so it didn't seem
like he was accepting it to me like he's
like I'm doing this because my
colleagues are throwing me under the bus
that's why I have to do this what do you
think so lastly on that is that there's
there's two different possibilities as
to why Frank is doing this specific
thing one is he did it in some of the
instances and Ethan knows that if he
goes to an ethics investigation they're
gonna find out oh yeah here's picture
axes picture why
here's witness Z and witness D etc right
and and he and then it's eight people
now but maybe it's more and maybe some
of those he says he adamantly did not do
it with some of them okay all right it's
possible I believe in due process I said
yesterday on the show I yelled and
screamed
there should be an ethics of
if he doesn't think he did it he
shouldn't step down right so but it's
possible but he thinks he did do it and
that's why stepping down fresh less
possibility number one possibility
number two is he really thinks in his
mind right or wrong that he didn't do it
but all the Democrats got together and
said no you got to go otherwise we won't
win Alabama seat and that is
preposterous absolutely not true in
terms of political tactics he should do
the right thing morally either way right
but he shouldn't do it based on Nancy
Pelosi Chuck Schumer's terrible terrible
political calculations so where does the
speculation that that they're doing this
to win the Alabama seat where does it
come from I've read in in articles about
all the Democrats are worried that
Kellyanne Conway and others are going on
TV and saying but what about Conyers and
what about Franken so it's negating
their so-called advantage in the press
okay but again on the other hand look
it's it's a complicated nuanced issue
the loss is important there were six
Democratic senators women senators who
came out and said no more so it's
entirely possible he did it and they
were deeply aggrieved by that and they
acted out of the moral compunction so
it's a cop I don't make blanket
assumptions about this a complicated
issue the one thing I'll tell you with
that it was absolutely certainly no
question about it
and I talked about on the show yesterday
we have a petition okay if Al Franken is
resigning because of allegations Donald
Trump should definitely resign no ands
ifs or buts he clearly did worse there's
witnesses to him saying that he did
worse as witnesses then doing a do tape
of them doing that's so TYT Network calm
slash to resign so at a bare minimum
they should have the same standard so if
everyone agrees frankly should resign
great then Donald Trump should resign
immediately I don't know why you would
have to different standards what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm slash join
