a jury in Arizona has just acquitted a
ex Arizona cop an ex Arizona cop who was
found on camera to shoot and kill an
individual who was sobbing for his life
and who did not have weapons on him at
the time
now the story involves the shooting of
Daniel shaver it happened back in
January of 2016
and the story began when shaver was in a
hotel with friends he worked as an
exterminator and so he had air rifles
that he used during his job
to shoot certain types of birds now
there were witnesses who said that he
was seen waving his air rifle outside
the window as a result they called the
cops and at that point a Meza Arizona
cop by the name of Philip Mitchell
Brailsford who's 27 years old at the
time showed up and what you're about to
see is a video of what occurred next I
want to warn you this is one of the most
difficult videos that I have personally
seen of police brutality it's very
graphic it's very difficult to watch but
it shows you how everything went down
and then we'll discuss the jury's
decision in this case take a look
alright if you make a mistake another
mistake there's a very severe
possibility you're going to get shot do
you understand yes
shut up I'm not here to be tactful or
diplomatic with you you listen and you
obey but one things I tell you to move
young man they kill you put both their
hands put both your hands on the top of
your head and interlace your fingers
take your feet and cross your left foot
over your right foot yes you move we're
going to consider that a threat and we
are going to do with it and you may not
survive do you understand me desert okay
young man listen to my instructions and
do not make a mistake you are to keep
your legs crossed
do you understand me you are to put both
of your hands palm down straight out in
front of you push yourself up to a
kneeling position straight up in the air
do not put your hands down for any
reason you think you're gonna follow you
better fall on your face your hands go
making the smaller back are done we are
going to shoot you if you understand me
crawl towards me so it's like the kick
it's like they were playing Simon Says
with the guy I don't understand why
doesn't the cop walk over and put the
cuffs up put the cuffs on go for walk
over put the fucking cuffs on up what
are you waiting for why you got to make
him go through a monkey bars why are you
doing that I'm gonna give you clear
directions no you didn't put your hands
down put your hands up which means that
put your hand I'll crawl good now crawl
what are you doing go over there and put
the fucking cuffs on them Jesus
twice they murder that guy and cut off
so in cold blood Jesus Christ man
morning NBC jurors who watch the full
video showing Daniel shavers death
agreed to acquit
officer Philip Mitchell Brailsford of
murder Brailsford face as many as 25
years in prison for the second-degree
murder charge I also want to I'm gonna
skip ahead to graphic 29 because this
just gives you a sense of the mentality
among those in the police union the
president of the Meza police union said
that he was extremely relieved with the
verdict although not surprised and added
that the union felt charges should never
have been filed to begin with yeah you
can't trust the cops in this country
this is what happens no matter where it
is the the people who are supposed to be
protecting us come out and protect the
people who are killing us and brutal
it's to the point that guy was white and
I don't know Jake how you feel but I get
pulled over now I got pulled over and a
cop had his gun out and I was afraid for
my life I'm like oh my god I'm white it
doesn't matter you're gonna shoot me so
this happens now the whole country's
paranoid about cops even white people
and no one's doing a goddamn thing about
it well look now we all know how it
feels to be black in this country and
they felt that for hundreds of years and
now we're all feeling it so there's
there's a couple of issues here first of
all you know what he called us that the
cop who shot him with an ar-15 what are
you why does he have an ar-15 I do okay
in that in a situation like that okay by
the way Jeff Sessions thinks they should
have more military weapons to police and
he's gonna give them more military
weapons like an ar-15 he thinks that our
Criminal Justice them should not be
reformed he's rolling back to reforms
that Obama wanted to implement okay you
know what he engraved on his ar-15 op
the cop you're fucked
okay that was one of the reasons they
later let him go because they're like
this guy's out of control he goes in and
grapes you're fucked on the ar-15 and
and he killed this guy and so but no the
police here comes on goes off and he
shouldn't even been charged well of
course we murder people in the hallways
well no matter what they do no matter
what they do we kill them of course how
dare you charge us we're above the law
right and so and that was the engraving
was not allowed into court it was
inadmissible yeah why is that it
admissible so look guys there's two in
my opinion there's two fundamental
problems here
one is police training no don't take
I've said it a billion times I'm a
hundred percent right you could see it
in the video they teach the cops to be
cowards they say to the cops do not be
selfish be selfish don't care about the
community if you need to murder the
community it's fine as long as you don't
take one percent of one percent chance
and then walk it over and get
handcuffing that guy I guess this is one
percent of one percent of one percent
chance that maybe he's got a nail file
or something or the air rifle and how is
he hiding a rifle in his shorts that
rifle was reported right so how is he
hiding the rifle it doesn't matter don't
take one percent of one person don't get
a hangnail don't get a hangnail murder
that guy he's got two kids at home he's
got two kids at home and those kids are
never gonna see their dad again because
we trained our cops murder at first
sight so don't ask questions don't take
any chances you're supposed to protect
us you're supposed to protect us and
instead you tell them don't protect only
care about yourself they teach them
these moronic morally hideous things
like better to be judged by 12 than
carried out by six if the other guys
carried out by six we don't give a shit
he's just a citizen let him get carried
out by six let all of them get carried
out by six people let them die as long
as I don't have to end it consequences
we'll get acquitted every time so every
time and the second problem is the guns
so hot tub they're just a couple in the
hot tub they see a gun I get why they're
concerned there's mass shootings every
day
they report it's not a gun it's an air
rifle but they can't see straight I
don't blame them at all if I'd be
concerned right it's bad so they're like
okay maybe some mass shooting but
there's a mass shooting every day so the
cops are concerned they're like oh yeah
I could get murdered there's mass
shootings every day everyone has a gun
everyone if they reach for this way or
that way they have a gun because it's
kind of true in America there's at least
250 million guns so everywhere is a gun
so the cops are like I'm not taking any
chances everybody's got eight guns so I
just kill him and be done with it so
this combination this
literally lethal combination is what is
causing that are cops to not protect us
but to systematically keep on shooting
us there's there's definitely this sense
of paranoia among cops throughout the
country there's no question about that
but in watching that video and and we
didn't show you the full video we showed
you the most relevant parts but the
sense that I got from watching that
video was that he enjoyed that power Oh
God and and in the defense during this
trial the alley is not the argument was
made that the reason why he reacted the
way he did was because there was a woman
in the hallway that he wanted to protect
but if you watch that video he's
threatening to shoot the woman in the
hallway as well and he seems drunk off
that power he seemed like he had already
made up his mind before he pulled that
trigger if there was a woman behind him
even if there was 28 people behind him
there was so much time for them to leave
the building why didn't you just get
them to safety in the old days look
there's no good old days in the old days
they used to kill black people all the
time - unfortunately cops
disproportionately etc right but but at
least they would say put your hands up
and then they would go to handcuff you
say freeze you remember in all the TV
shows you just say freeze right so now
any long twitch and that's why Jimmy
you're right if you're pulled over you
have a legitimate fear of your life now
by the way since everyone is armed I'm
not armed but almost the whole country's
armed now you got legitimate fear of
cops
oh Jesus this is a recipe for absolute
disaster and look some of the cops like
that guy looks like he's on a power trip
but it's it's not just bad apples what
was the wrong goddamn training what do
you do if you're not the cop but the
other guy in that situation what do you
do if that's you some cops you're at a
hotel you can do because what do you do
you're trying desperately to listen to
his directions he does everything he's
told everything he's doing was sobbing
he was sobbing and begging for that his
life I shoot him is begging for his life
Kim's saying don't shoot me and then you
say hey look I can't follow your
directions cuz they're contradictory
shut up
shut up
I can't say anything I can't say
anything I can't do anything the same
thing with Lando Casteel put your hands
up put your hands down you put them down
boom you're dead but you told me to get
my ID this guy put your hands up put
your hands down oh you put your hands
down we think in that one split-second
because what his shorts were going down
and he was trying to pull his shorts up
oh could have been reaching for a
waistband could have been really could
have been but you have to see a gun
before you shoot someone
no because they tell them they tell cops
drugs not every police department and
there's some great cops we did a story
just this week of that hero in Orlando
who now they're gonna cut his salary and
and fire him by the way he went in first
to the Orlando nightclub shooting and he
saved people's lives and they're like
he's my hero right he has PTSD wakes up
with nightmares of Omar Martino Muslim
radical terrorists shooting people right
and they're like no you I'm not gonna
give you a desk duty I'm just gonna fire
you right away so you don't complete
your tenure as a service so your pension
won't be longer you take the good cops
and you crush their souls I did this
story about a Baltimore cop who after
there was police abuse and he suddenly
broke this guy's leg said you shouldn't
break guy's legs right after we had him
in handcuffs
they throw dead rats on his car they
drama drove him out of Baltimore okay so
yes there's a lot of good cops
but overall the training is remember we
don't care about the citizens at all
that's not our objective our objective
is to be perfectly safe for us be
selfish and if you got to shoot someone
even when you don't see a gun does it
matter
there are never any consequences qit
membership gets you commercial free
young turks downloaded stream at
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
