for months now Alabama Senate candidate
Roy Moore has gotten a lot of attention
due to molestation allegations geared
toward him or against him and that's
understandable but apparently during a
September rally he said some things
worth of criticism that haven't really
gotten much attention until now the Los
Angeles Times reported about Roy
statements in regard to slavery in
America and how he doesn't necessarily
think that that was the worst time in
the United States now just to set the
stage for you a little bit according to
the reporting at Moore's Florence rally
the former judge outlined all the wrongs
he sees in Washington and spiritual
wickedness in high places he warned of
the awful calamity of abortion and
sodomy and perverse behavior and murders
and shootings and road rage as a
punishment inflicted upon us for our
presumptuous sins now that's how he
started it then a woman in the crowd
she's been described as the only black
woman in the crowd asked Roy Moore when
did you think America was great when was
the last time you thought America was
great and then he gave this answer
so his argument is yeah issues with the
whole slavery thing at least families
were strong as if he was living in that
time period and knew the dynamics of
families and how strong they were and by
the way really that was that was one of
the great times in America where people
were being lynched and and sold off his
property by the way what does he think
about our president who has been married
a couple times and has children from
several women like are those the strong
kinds of families that you are in in
favor of like it's funny how they're
unwilling to ever self reflect because
if you genuinely believe in strong
families then you wouldn't be so
supportive of Trump in his lifestyle so
what a bizarre answer because I thought
that when I saw the headline that it was
gonna be in reaction to someone who had
brought up slavery know he brought up
unprompted yeah the first thing he
brought up is when was America great
during the Revolutionary War nope
America was in such bad shape they
declared a revolution like these turned
a whole war because it was that bad
right so that doesn't make any sense but
then you move to the the worst answer
slavery okay think about his perspective
families were in great shape of course
as an appointee no second of all I
assume he means from the white
perspective because I want to go to some
graphics here and show you what
historians
said about those times 32 a 32b and 34
here okay
so first let me read you historian
michael tabman has estimated that
approximately one-third of enslaved
children in the upper south states of
Maryland and Virginia experienced family
separation and one of three possible
scenarios sail away from parents sail
with mother away from father or sale of
mother or father away from the child the
fear of separation haunted adults who
knew how likely it was to happen young
children instantly unaware of the
possibilities learned quickly of the
pain that such separations could cost
what a great time in America families
were strong the country had a direction
I'm pretty sure that african-american
families were not in as good a shape as
Roy Moore pretends to remember them
because he never even considered them he
only considered the white families I
mean if you considered black families
for one second during slavery would you
have made that comment like you would be
like oh wait oh yeah shouldn't wait it I
think even Roy Moore would like oh I
shouldn't say that because he but he
doesn't care I never thought about it
from that perspective you know what he's
doing you know the fact that he
immediately went to slavery was not an
accident I think it was a strategy think
about it we're in Alabama right he is
speaking to Alabamans that he is hoping
we'll vote for him and what is something
that you know they've been really fired
up with recently it's all of these
protests among NFL players who refuse to
stand during the national anthem all of
this talk about the Confederate flag and
what happened during the revolution I
mean he that was on purpose
I by the way this is my speculation but
I don't think that was an accident
well it doesn't speak well of him either
way and that was back in September just
when the football season was starting
all those controversies were happening
so I'm gonna read you one last thing
because I think it's important and I
want you to get a sense of what happened
it's tough because I hear conservatives
asking about black culture as they call
it where are the where the father's well
sometimes the fathers were sold off back
in the day and so that would be one
answer and in any of you think like yeah
but Jake that was a long time ago
things are very through culture through
history man and so you you ripped
families apart non-stop look guys when I
say you I don't mean you did
we weren't here you weren't here right
but that's what happened in America and
to turn a blind eye to it is to not
understand the history of this country
and it doesn't mean we can't get better
we have been getting better but but for
someone to say in the year 2017 that
slavery is when we had good strong
families well let me read you this post
that was put up back in the day during
slavery
it says information wanted of my son
Jetson who was sold about 16 years ago
by a mister dole height of Oxford
Mississippi to a mr. Thomas for to the
same place I've not heard from him since
information may be sent to his mother
Susan Huddleston so looking for their
child for 16 years
let me read another one for you and
these are tough men but this is what
happened information wanted of my son
Alan Jones he left me before the war in
Mississippi he wrote me a letter in 1853
in which the letter he said that he was
sold to the highest bidder
a gentleman in Charleston South Carolina
Nancy Jones his mother would like to
know the whereabouts of the above-named
person any information maybe 7 cent the
Reverend JW Turner pastor of AMR Church
Ottawa Kansas you ripped these families
apart and then you have the audacity to
turn around and say oh it's strong
families during slavery there are no
bounds of decency with a guy like Roy
Moore by the way at the same campaign
event he also referred to Native
Americans and Asian Americans as reds
and yellows so you kind of get a sense
of where he stands on racial issues I
would disagree with Roy Moore I think he
could go more recent I think the you
know the time when you see parent
parents and kids and grandparents coming
together in a cohesive yeah I have to
say the best time for that was during
the Holocaust so or maybe I got to go
back to the dark ages maybe that
remember when families really came
together when there during the Crusades
any I don't know it's like why would you
because it's this idea that when blacks
knew their place that's when we had a
nice society remember when blacks knew
their place because that's what he's
harkening back to the
old days remember Jim Crow remembered
that he goes all the way back to slavery
but that's what that's what that is
let's go back to the good old days I'm a
good old boy good old days none of this
PC culture and none of this civil rights
stuff and let's get that's what this is
now all the blacks are uppity they say
whatever they want to you I mean I'm
telling you that's that's all this is
this is that same stuff look there's no
end to his prejudice just like I know
earlier this week he talked about George
Soros now that's normal they talk about
him all the time I get it we talk about
the Koch brothers they talk about Soros
and but then he went on to say he has
radical agenda I was like okay I know
you think he has a radical agenda so I'm
still not faced and he said his agenda
is agenda is sexual what what are you
talking about and then he went on to do
these anti-semitic stereotypes and
tropes about how George Soros wants to
secretly control our politicians for his
financial and sexual agenda it's if he's
not trying to offend people he's doing a
really poor job at it and really he
doesn't understand how to get mission
accomplished
if he is trying to offend people for the
reasons that Anna and Jimmy are pointing
out here where he thinks well Alabama
voters are racist anti-semitic etc well
then mission accomplished you're doing a
wonderful job so you look he's done some
terrible things sexually that we've
talked about plenty of times on this
show but even if you put all that aside
and a lot of the Republicans in Alabama
say I don't care one third of them say
even if it's true I don't care that he
molested a fourteen-year-old and tried
to rape a 16 year old
okay that's fine do you don't care
that's it fascinating it's not fine
you're a terrible person on top of that
I guess I'm not surprised they don't say
that I also don't care that he's deeply
racist and all the other issues that we
brought up here well what's interesting
is what I see with Roy Moore is very
similar like a similar trend that we
noticed with Trump where he acts
terribly ok behaves terribly and you
think oh this is this is it it's the end
for him and then it it seems like it
only helps him which is amazing now you
have the RNC you know doing a
full-throated endorsement of Roy Moore
and that's unbelievable to me at first
they're like oh
we reject this is terrible we condemn it
but then they're like oh yeah you know
what
better than electing a Democrat so let's
go ahead and and support him and by the
way one thing that amazes me is the fact
that Republicans in Congress right now
we're saying we need ROI more to ensure
that we can pass our tax plan okay but
the tax plan is insanely unpopular it's
it's pulling around 30 percent right now
with the American electorate so you are
willing to elect a child molester to
pass your incredibly unpopular tax plan
just to appease your donors that's the
America that we're living in right now
it's amazing you just watch the video by
The Young Turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that get the full show by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
