an important dramatic announcement at
TYT Network history dramatic dramatic
announcement everybody on Monday we are
starting a new show called rebel
headquarters
okay so fun fun okay what is it for it's
going to be a progressive hub okay so
what I want people to do is to come and
watch where we are going to gather
progresses so are we're going to talk to
people who are already in office who are
progressives but actual progressives
okay non progressives are barred okay
like so it's because sometimes people
say oh you know in the network you
should talk to right away yes that's
true we do on TYT numbers all the time
are we gonna do that on rebel
headquarters no it's for rebels it's not
it's not for the Empire okay so no
interesting we're gonna talk to
candidates we're gonna talk to groups
like our revolution and and many others
that have great wonderful progressive
groups and I want to show you guys what
they're up to I feel like there's no
place on the internet right now where
you can go okay what is there a protest
is there a movement as their rallies or
a gathering what are we doing well come
to rebel headquarters you gonna find out
so you know the main unit or show of
course is live 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and you can get that at TYT Network
comm slash live where you can get all of
our shows ok now this is gonna be right
after the main show so at 8:05 p.m.
Eastern to 8:30 p.m. Eastern so a nice
half an hour show yes you can do the
math it's 25 minutes take a three-minute
break in between yes fine it's 22
minutes but it's going to be awesome
okay we're gonna have these guests on
and then I want you to actually start
sending emails to us and and don't get
impatient with us if we can't like get
to your stuff right away but I want you
to tell us about local candidates that
maybe we haven't heard of and that you
think are wonderful or organizing things
that you're doing doing at the state
level the local level or the national
level so rebel HQ at TYT Network calm is
we're gonna email us and our producers
will look through that and to the best
of our abilities we're going to try to
get the message out so there's a limited
bandwidth of course we don't have very
many guests on on on TYT almost not at
all during the main Young Turks live
show during the
here's what we're gonna have the guests
and the progressives that are on and and
and formed happen time you guys say oh
well Oh for example just the Democrats
only works at the national level that's
right this is a different group and yes
they only do national candidates this is
for all progressives so if you got a
local candidate that you Bernie
supporter or a wonderful progressive
come on in let's let's try to get all
those people the attention that they
deserve to the best of our abilities by
the way I happen to me today during a
power panel on a live show with the two
other people who will host rebel
headquarters from time to time I'll be
the main host but Anna will is gonna
fill in for me so should we nor
everybody Jimmy I don't know are you
rebel enough for Ebel headquarters no I
don't know we'll find out what of the
aggressive progressives right here you
know I don't mind interviewing people
who are progressives whatever as long as
they don't say anything that hurts the
party and the in this general oh no no
we don't we don't want to hurt we don't
want to hurt anybody's feelings no no no
this will be an aggressive show and I
think you're going to be unsurprised by
that but I think you're gonna love it so
check it out
every actually Monday through Thursday
at 8:05 p.m. Eastern right after the
main show TYT Network comm slash live
and by the way some of the interviews
and clips will be put up on youtube.com
slash tyt politics you just watch the
video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
