White House counselor or advisor or
whatever she's calling herself these
days I understand she's also now in
charge of White House opioid policy
either way Kellyanne Conway has been
having a really bad couple of weeks
trying to negotiate or navigate the
waters between Donald Trump's sexual
assault allegations and the sexual
assault allegations against essentially
everyone else in a position of power so
recently at a politico women rule forum
Kellyanne Conway was heckled by a woman
in the audience who wanted answers as to
why Kellyanne has been so quiet about
the president's own sexual misconduct
take a look remover on my account I very
much believe in the First Amendment and
I think anybody has a right to sound
like a complete jackass if they'd like
to Kelly and Conway right there in that
clip essentially referred to the woman
as a jackass because she wanted to know
why a woman like Kelly and Conway a
woman like Kelly and Conway who has in
the past claimed that she's been the
victim of sexual harassment why is she
propping up lying for and attempting to
cover up and demean the accusers who
have come forward against the President
of the United States
if Kelly and Conway as she says has been
a victim of this herself that is a shame
that is something that needs to be
addressed however she is actively
engaging in a cover-up and a smear
campaign on behalf of the president
against women who have been in similar
situations as to the one that Kelly and
Conway claims that she also was in I
don't know that I fully believe it
because anyone who's been in that
situation
is not gonna take the side of a serial
sexual abuser and try to cover things up
for them Kelly and Conway her conduct at
that forum in that video clip is
absolutely unacceptable Donald Trump's
conduct is unacceptable and further it's
unacceptable that he is one of the only
men in this country that has been
publicly accused facing numerous
lawsuits about it
bragged about it on tape that hasn't
been held accountable even a little bit
not once
this man is the worst of the worst of
the piggish behavior that we have seen
in men in this country throughout the
last few years of all the conduct that's
come to light recently Donald Trump
still ranks right up there at the top
and he is the only one who has not faced
any recompense for what he's done and
Kellyanne Conway is more than happy to
go out there and call a woman who tried
to bring it to light a jackass there was
a jackass in that room that day but it
wasn't the woman accusing or asking
about the president it wasn't the woman
hosting the forum it was Kelly and
Conway herself thanks for watching and
if you like what you see here on Ring of
Fire we encourage you to subscribe to
our Channel
you can see the little subscribe button
down there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
