there has been an surprising ruling in
the case of Michael Slager he was the
former South Carolina police officer who
shot and killed Walter Scott as Scott
was running away from him he also lied
in the police report about how the
incident happened and later it was very
clear that he lied because of the fact
that video showed the cop shooting Scott
as he was running away now there was a
hung jury in in the case of Michael
Slager the jurors cannot couldn't come
up with a ruling they couldn't agree on
whether or not he was guilty however in
that case
Slager did plead guilty he pleaded
guilty I should say too violating Walter
Scott's civil rights now part of that
plea agreement though indicated that the
judge could take a look into the charges
involving manslaughter and murder
now here's what recently happened US
District Judge David Norton ruled on
Thursday today that Slager must serve a
prison sentence of between 19 and 24
years for both committing second-degree
murder and obstructing justice so the
final ruling was a 20-year prison
sentence the video also directly
contradicted slager's assertion that the
old that he only shot Scott because he
felt his life was in danger now again
the video that went viral showed that
Scott was running away from Slager and
so there was really no reason for him to
shoot at Walter Scott eight times so I
want to be clear about this right there
was the hung jury and a mistrial at the
state court but luckily in this case
because of the the violations that Anna
talked about you could bring him to
federal court and in federal court is
where he pleaded guilty and now must
serve the sentence and and thank God for
that and it looked like for a second
there in in a series of incredibly
egregious police shootings of African
Americans this was arguably the most
egregious and even in that case we
couldn't get a conviction at the state
level but here at the federal level we
have gotten a conviction and we finally
have some degree
justise it's so surprising because when
the jury could not unanimously find him
guilty it was really a devastating day I
remember feeling so deflated after that
and feeling like there was no justice in
the country because it was such a clear
case and look I'm not the only one who
thought that the judge who made this
ruling thought that so Judge Norton said
that he had concluded that the killing
should be considered murder for the
purposes of determining mr. slager's
punishment the shooting he said was
reckless wanton and inappropriate well
as you guys saw on the video to the
famous video of that incident he shot
Walter Scott in the back as he was
running away made no effort to get him
and then planted evidence next to him so
there was no struggle over the Taser he
planted the taser after the shooting so
it was as bad as it gets it was a wanton
murder so the fact that he's gonna get
some justice for it is just fantastic
especially when it looked like it was
gonna be denied it's it's not a huge
victory it is the the very least we can
get in terms of justice but at least we
got that if you like this video you'll
love the whole TYT Network check it out
at TYT Network comm slash join
