Al Franken is resigned is the Minnesota
senator and he had been besieged by a
different woman coming forward with
allegations of inappropriate behavior
towards women and of course we've been
concerned about that as well and I
thought an ethics investigation should
happen it turns out it's not going to
happen because a lot of the Democrats
pressured him to resign and he did that
today having watched his speech I'm not
sure he should have so let's take a look
at it together and and and I know a lot
of people are criticizing this speech
but I might go in an opposite direction
here so let's watch the first part felt
that we had entered an important moment
in the history of this country
we were finally beginning to listen to
women about the ways in which men's
actions affect them the moment was long
overdue I was excited for that
conversation and hopeful that it would
result in real change that made life
better for women all across the country
and in every part of our society then
the conversation turned to me over the
last few weeks a number of women have
come forward to talk about how they felt
my actions that affected them I was I
was shocked I was upset but in
responding to their claims I also wanted
to be respectful of that broader
conversation because all women deserve
to be heard and their experiences taken
seriously I think that was the right
thing to do I also think it gave some
people the false impression that I was
admitting to doing things that in fact I
haven't done some of the allegations
against me are simply not true
others I remember very differently
I said at the outset that the ethics
committee was the right venue for these
allegations to be heard and investigated
and evaluated on their merits that I was
prepared to cooperate fully and that I
was confident in the outcome
he shouldn't resigned he doesn't think
he did it
yeah now I don't know whether he did it
or not and I don't know what that I
thinks investigation would have
concluded it is entirely possible that
it would have concluded that he did do
it there are eight women now but if you
think you didn't do it don't get
pressured by Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer and whichever other Brahmins and
the Democratic Party think it's a genius
political move for you to resign so they
could maybe maybe win the Alabama see
look if you think you didn't do it fight
if you think you'd you know and if you
did do it then admit that you did it so
it's possible that Al Franken is doubly
wrong here that he knows he did it but
he's now saying I'm resigning but I
didn't really do it in which case then
that is incredibly disrespectful to the
women that made these allegations but if
you think you're in the right you fight
so I I don't look if you're wondering
why in this case I'm a little extra
skeptical and and it's and that's not
even right I'm not scared I don't know
that's why I didn't want to think the
investigation I should have happened but
is there a little bit of doubt here yes
I'll tell you why Roger stone tweeted
about the first accusation before it
came out so the right-wing hatchet man
knew that an attack against Al Franken
was coming the first person who accused
him of that I'm definitely not getting
into her personal life but she works at
a right-wing radio station
okay I'm if she just worked at a
right-wing radio station okay leave it
right Roger stone is the hatchet man in
the Republican Party something doesn't
feel right here most of the people who
accuse
Al Franken our anonymous the last
accusation was that he touched a woman's
waist while taking a picture I'm sorry
but that's not a thing if she was felt
uncomfortable about it that is an
interesting conversation they should
have right and and the investigation can
look at it if you don't dismiss it out
of hand but touching it a waste I don't
know what a waste while taking a picture
is that's not a thing so and again I
want a triple emphasize I don't know it
is a lot of women and if he did do it
then by all means you should leave he
look and I'm not biased in favor of Al
Franken if you watch this show you know
that I've criticized them over and over
again I don't think he fought enough for
progressive policy positions but right
is right and and so and here I'll give
him credit on things he did fight for he
was a co-sponsor of the bill to
reauthorize and strengthen the Violence
Against Women Act
in 2012 he introduced a bill in 2015 to
make it easier for victims of workplace
sexual harassment to seek justice now if
he did those things and grope women
anyway it doesn't matter and he should
resign but if there's a question that's
what the ethics investigation is
supposed to be for so here's more from
Frank his resignation you know a
important part of the conversation we've
been having last few months has been
about how men abused their power and
privilege to hurt women
I am proud that during my time in the
Senate I have used my power to be a
champion of women and that I've earned a
reputation as someone who respects the
women I work alongside every day I know
there's been a very different picture of
me painted over the last few weeks but I
know who I really am
serving in the United States Senate has
been the great honor of my life I know
in my heart that nothing I have done as
a senator nothing
has brought this honor on on this
institution and I am confident that the
Ethics Committee would agree
nevertheless today I am announcing that
in the coming weeks I will be resigning
as a member of the United States Senate
either admitted or fighted so he says
he's sure that I think's investigation
would clear by the way let's note here
that he said nothing he's done as
Senator would dishonor the Senate I
don't know if he's being lawyerly there
and saying well I might have done it
earlier and but I didn't do it while I
was in the Senate that's not a great
distinction in some distinction but it's
not a great distinction I don't know if
that's the one he was making again here
I'm not biased in favor of Al Franken if
you're talking about politics he's gone
and he's gonna be replaced by another
Democrat it has in that sense it has no
political ramifications I hope the next
Democrat fights harder for progressive
issues so I'm you you could agree you
could disagree but I this one feels
weird here's part three this has been a
tough few weeks for me but I am a very
very lucky man
I have a beautiful healthy family that I
love and that loves me very much I'm
going to be just fine so people
criticize them for saying that well look
again if he did it he should profusely
apologize the woman that he took
advantage of it in those moments right
and he shouldn't be concerned about
himself but hasn't been a tough couple
of weeks for Al Franken it has also been
a tough couple of weeks now if you did
it he deserved it to be a tough couple
of weeks and then he should have thought
of that before grabbing women and
putting them in a terribly awkward
position they should have had the ethics
investigation now we will literally
never know all right one last part here
where I definitely agree with them I of
all people am aware that there is some
irony in the fact that I am leaving
while a man who is bragged on tape about
his history of sexual assault sits in
the Oval Office and a man who is
repeatedly preyed on young girls
campaigns for the Senate with a with the
full support of his party but this
decision is not about me it's about the
people of Minnesota it has become clear
that I can't both pursue the ethics
committee process and at the same time
remain an effective senator for them
well look the last one I don't agree
with it depends like this whole idea of
distraction what does that mean
distraction so it's like what would the
thing the Democrats say right before
they throw one of their own under a bus
so yeah I think you could be an
effective look the Senators basically do
nothing they do very very very little
work so you can still continue to do
that work while pursuing that ethics
investigation to its conclusion but the
part I wholeheartedly agree with is okay
if Al Franken is resigning
we know that Donald Trump did worse
there's 16 to 20 allegations against
Donald Trump of allegations including
all the way up to sexual assault his
even his ex-wife in court paper is
saying rape and it's because according
to her not look I these are all
uncomfortable conversations but if Al
Franken is resigning in the divorce
papers Donald Trump's wife said that he
was mad at her because she just
suggested a doctor for a hair transplant
the buffoon got a hair transplant but he
said it was painful so he took it out on
her by raping her but Al Franken has to
resign but President Trump doesn't have
to resign he'll know he'll know
so look this is the tiny little bit
thing we can do but we're trying
whatever we can petition TYT Network
calm slash resign now that senator Al
Franken has resigned for inappropriate
behavior toward women president Donald
Trump must also resign for far worse
behavior toward women where's the
question
where's the question I don't understand
where the question is if fret if the new
standard is you get accused by women
there is no investigation you resign I
understand and a great number of
accusations does definitely raise the
eyebrows and it doesn't about Franken
and I don't know if he did it or not and
if you get it of course he should resign
but if Franken resigns based on far less
accusation so far look in Trump's case
far worse behavior well that of course
Trump should resign we should have a
hundred thousand people a million ten
million a hundred people sign that
petition until the sombitch resigns why
do we have two different standards for
Democrats and Republicans it's totally
outrageous so I got no love for Al
Franken but if he thinks he didn't do it
then he should do the ethics
investigation we should find out if he
thinks I did do it and I don't want that
thing's investigation that I'm stepping
down then that was a terrible
resignation speech because you're
getting rid of your responsibility
because you know you're gonna get caught
and then turning around and saying you
didn't do it but I don't know which one
of those things is the case I do know
Frank and resigns Trump sure definitely
resign no ands ifs or buts and we should
I don't know surround the White House
surround Washington DC March every day
until he resigns I fail to see under
what possible standard should Franken
resign but Trump should makes no goddamn
sense at all you just watch the video by
The Young Turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that get the full show by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
