so there's only one guy in my opinion
making sense and unsurprisingly it's
Bernie Sanders again it's on the issue
of Al Franken and inappropriate behavior
towards women so he went on CBS let's
watch but I've talked to both Democrats
and Republicans who say this senator
Franklin may likely step down today
senator more possibly may be joining the
Senate and he has been accused of far
worse than what senator Franken is
accused of what is your take on that I
take it let me take it a little step
further we have a President of the
United States who acknowledged on a tape
widely seen all over this country that
he assaulted women so I would hope that
maybe the President of the United States
might pay attention to what's going on
and also think about resigning that is
impeccable logic as usual the
establishment in Washington goes Oh
Bernie Sanders making sense again a
hundred percent right again no no no of
course Donald Trump's not gonna resign
but he admitted on tape that he grabs
one by the genitals and we have stories
from people like Jill hearth who says he
did exactly that he courted me in a room
and he grabbed me by the genitals he
groped me he attacked me
we have 16 different women at a minimum
charging that Donald Trump has done
these things and worse he admits on the
tape that he ass he kisses woman without
permission the exact charge against
Franken that's the smallest of the
charges against Donald Trump and he
admits it and Billy Bush just came out
said yes he said it right to me there's
seven other witnesses there's no
question that Donald Trump has admitted
it and then we have women saying yes he
did it to me so if Al Franken has to
resign why doesn't Donald Trump have to
resign why do we always have two
different standards for Democrats and
Republicans Democrats must concede
Republicans never concede well I'm
goddamn sick of it and you should be too
so here again
TYT Network comm slash resign now the
senator Al Franken has resigned for an
appropriate behavior toward women
president Donald Trump must also resign
for far worse behavior toward women make
him a sign look Democrats constantly
throw them
under a bus and Franken might have had
it coming I don't know if he did it or
not if he did do it then I'm glad he
resigned I said from day one there
should be an ethics investigation
because you have to take those charge
very very seriously even though on the
first day Roger stone came out actually
before the first thing came out and said
he oh a Frank it is next that means he
knew the right way hatchet man knew they
were targeting Al Franken I send on the
first day but I'm sorry I didn't
emphasize it enough throughout that is a
huge telling sign most now look most of
the women I guess Al Franken are
anonymous normally that's fine because
it's a ton of pressure not to come out
and there might be consequences etc I
understand that fully but when you have
a hatchet man for the hatchet man of the
Republicans snickering about a plot
against Al Franken and then you have a
bunch of anonymous quotes okay but again
if you accept what that Al Franken did
something wrong and I am perfectly happy
to accept that if the investigation had
concluded that no question about it
then you must hold Trump to the same
standard if we don't hold them to the
same standard what are we doing here why
why do Democrats have to constantly
concede and the Republicans never
concede so god game's sick of it so no
IIIi don't know how we're gonna do it I
don't know if a billion people sign that
petition I don't know that I know that
he wouldn't do it but at least it
creates pressure at least he gets the
rest of the knucklehead media to talk
about it there Gayle King did a good job
but if you right now if you propose to
the mainstream media that obviously
there should be pressure they should be
pressure on Trump to resign today Frank
Andrews on Trump should resign there's
no that's not gonna happen well why
isn't it gonna happen why do Democrats
have to constantly be held to a
different standard than the Republicans
it should be the same standard they did
it they gotta go
and if Franken has to resign tea white
tea network.com slash resign so does
Donald Trump god damn it if you like
this video
bless your heart we got
more where that came from we do a full
show every day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
