what do you think about her testimony so
far it to me it's clear that the
prosecutor who's involved Mitchell is
trying to poke holes in her testimony
trying to find inconsistencies but so
far and I'm asking you because I know
that I have biases so far I have failed
to see any holes in her testimony I
think that she's been pretty not only
credible but I think she's been
consistent in what she's been saying is
there anything that dr. Blasi Ford has
said that stood out to you as a possible
issue no there wasn't anything up until
kind of the endpoint where Mitchell had
asked about kind of how you recall deep
traumatic events I think in part because
we see Blasi Ford as having this ph.d
and being in psychology so part of it's
kind of like well shouldn't you know
that if you really want to reach and
access this point of your mind that
you're supposed to go through this
process but then of course as we noted
it screams back to the GOP well why
didn't you ask for these things and also
why don't we give her more time to do
that exactly as this has now just come
to the forefront something that I think
is really interesting with Mitchell and
her questioning as I had mentioned on
Twitter is that I don't think that she
was looking to get more information and
more details about the actual events
that happened because that's what Brett
Kavanaugh was gonna focus on and Brett
Kavanaugh since we all had Blasi Ford's
opening statement Cavanaugh was prepared
for that right he's prepared to refute
those facts if Mitchell were to ask
Blasi Ford during this testimony about
new things he's not gonna be prepared to
refute though it's such an so that is
why he touched us she's talking about
flight plans good she might as well be
going off on frequent flyer miles that's
why they're dancing around all this
stuff right as opposed any event it's
because he's not prepared to tell a lie
about those things and if he's not
prepared and if he's not gonna tell the
truth he's got to have a live prepared
for it and they're not ready for that so
they're not gonna touch it that is such
a great point and one thing that I did
notice was an attempt to make it seem as
though her accusations are strictly
politically motivated and so there was
this one exchange that I thought was
incredible and it
when Mitchell was consistently asking
about the polygraph test who funded it
yes and she didn't she wouldn't just ask
her the question she was dancing around
it but she was trying to get to hey was
this a politically funded lie-detector
test and I love that the lawyers for dr.
Blasi for both of them jumped in we're
late let's just okay let's cut to the
chase okay we told her to go do this
lie-detector test and look I understand
the lack of credibility for lie-detector
tests they're not 100% correct but
remember that this is not a criminal
trial and I don't think that the results
of that test or the end-all be-all I
don't think just because she passed that
lie-detector test it means that the
assault 100% did happen but it's still
one piece of evidence that should be
considered and Republicans don't seem
willing to consider it in in earlier in
the hearing they did not want to even
talk about it they refused the chart
that was prepared by dr. Blasi Ford's
attorneys but either way the fact that
they do not want the FBI investigation
they refused to get Marc judge involved
in the testimony and the fact that they
tried to omit the the lie detector test
results and then later you know Mitchell
tried to make it seem as though it was a
politically motivated thing that was
funded by you know Democrats it just it
gives you a sense of where the Senate
Republicans are or what their strategy
is moving forward yeah and something
that I kind of thought was a little
interesting for my criminal justice
background it's like if she's she's
sitting for this polygraph coming off
the heels of her grandmother's funeral
so you're around all those negative
emotions and you're essentially are
right there on the heels of that for the
fact you've got to take it in this hotel
conference room or whatever how hard is
it to tell a lie when you're already
emotional like you can't necessarily it
adds an added layer of complication and
your thought process is a little bit
jumbled so part of me is like the fact
that you passed a polygraph when you're
already under stressful conditions as
far as I was concerned going down that
line of questioning I think she kind of
that's why Mitchell was like okay I'm
just gonna stop there
because it just bolsters kind of just as
far as I'm concerned the truth
trustworthiness of her results in the
hologram yeah yeah it was it was pretty
incredible like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from The Young Turks
