Christmas is around the corner and a lot
of folks are excited including me love
Christmas we already got our Christmas
tree and and I've said this many times
on the show
I love capitalist Christmas I don't
think it has anything to do with the
religion I'm pretty sure Santa in that
giant red suit was did not come from
Nazareth anyway a guy who apparently
agrees with that side of it is pastor
David Christian he doesn't think that
this that Santa is real no unlike megyn
kelly who thinks had to Israel and white
Christian doesn't think he's real at all
so that's the part that's sensible
the rest is not remotely sensible and
borders on lunacy is as usual because he
is a right winger so he has attacked the
idea of Santa in Texas before he's done
a execution of Santa before which I'm
going to show you in a minute okay but
he's at it again
this time he's at the North Pole Oh
Santa watch out he's closing in no it's
literally North Pole Alaska and he goes
finds a Santa over there and starts
yelling at him and the kids nearby let's
watch hi folks hi kids my name is pastor
David I wanted to tell you guys that the
real reason for the season for Christmas
it's about Jesus Jesus Christ was born
2,000 17 years ago in a manger in
Bethlehem in Israel and that Christmas
is really all about Jesus and I wanted
to tell you kids today too that Santa
Claus does not exist Santa Claus is not
real
the man you're gonna meet today is a man
wearing a suit like a costume and it's
make-believe it's not real appropriate
it's just fake your parents have been
telling you a story that is not true
there are no reindeer flying reindeers
there's no there's no yes ma'am we
understand that you have your beliefs
but everybody else have their beliefs as
well if you
not in a few without other cuff I'm not
interfering I'm just telling them the
truth and then I'll leave I'll be done
in about a minute she said leave okay
I'm done I'm leaving I'm leaving
thank y'all have a nice day if you know
the good folks in Alaska were mad wait
till you see the good folks in Texas but
hold ok look
is he correct that Christmas has nothing
to do with the religion of Christianity
as it is currently practiced in America
and throughout the world yes absolutely
correct the Christmas tree is a pagan
tradition as there are no pine trees
like that in Bethlehem ok it's in
Northern Europe and it represents the
eternal life because and and it is a
100% very clearly a pagan tradition
having nothing to do with Christianity
and and the list goes on and on by the
way there's also no Easter Bunny in in
the Bible I don't know if you do that
there and Santa Claus is largely a
capitalist creation that was a be tested
throughout the years at some point he
had a green suit it didn't play well one
point he was skinny that didn't play
well so they made him fatter they gave
him a red suit they eventually made him
drink coke that's why we all like him
you saw that store in Alaska what
Christianity there no crosses there's no
Bibles
it's just lit up like a Christmas tree
and we all loved it all that was
market-tested to create a holiday an
artificial holiday that we all love now
on the other hand he's so that's the
real Santa the rayker that's
preposterous
no what's real is a guy who was born of
a virgin walked on water and raised the
dead okay whatever myth you'd like to
believe okay now here's a old pastor
David last year trying this in Texas
folks my name is pastor David kids I
wanted to tell you today that there is
no such thing as Santa Claus
Santa Claus does not exist the Christmas
season is about Jesus Jesus was born
2016 years ago but Santa does not exist
Santa's not real and parents y'all need
to stop lying to your children and
telling them that Santa Claus is real
when in fact he's not now remember don't
lie to your children about Santa lighted
them about Jesus tell him oh no no he
turned water into wine we all got drunk
it was awesome I know we all got drunk I
think he turned the water into wine and
there's something about the fish and he
definitely walked on water you
definitely tell them those lies not the
lies about Santa that's outrageous
anywhere here comes a Texas dad let's
watch there is no Santa Claus it's about
Jesus
tell them the true go yes we do go on
sir don't put your hands on and go on
quit talking back see understand me but
keep us honest to yourself I got my kids
over there we don't need you coming over
here Bladon whatever to how you batter
I'm telling the truth but there's no
Sarah now go I'm not leaving I'm not
leaving you keep your hands to yourself
sir don't put your hands on people
that's it don't come over here talk in
your bed and don't come over here and
tell your children the truth for me to
tell my kids what's the truth and what's
not the truth is there is no Santa Claus
okay there is no Santa Christmas is
about you the parents were all right
with lying to their kids now your
decision that's a sin just sin in the
eyes is not real you're going to you
don't believe it
he's lucky nobody pulled a gun man
anyway so it was ok it was ok nobody got
hurt but that is part of Texas that I
like go on now go tell your mess
somewhere else by the way Jesus was born
2 2016 years ago no actually he was born
nowhere near December 25th if you
believe the Bible I think I believe he
was born in the spring based on their
best reading of the tea leaves of the
incredibly vague Bible the December 25th
time
because of the winter solstice also at
pagan tradition having nothing to do
with Christianity so he should actually
be ranting and raving around April in
the malls hey guys this is when Jesus
was born we got it all wrong bring in
the Santa today we haven't even gotten
to the execution yet fire away
okay I don't know whether to be amused
by that guy or frightened because that
dudes dangerous
I hate no one who executes Santa isn't
dangerous so he explains no no we're
just playing by the way did you notice
that his scroll that he was wearing
first of all it's awesome that he had a
scroll second of all it was made of
crayons giant crack or you go cuz you
don't exist plus you're a pinata
anyway now he's gonna gonna give you a
caveat here now we're doing this all in
good fun
we chose a pinata on purpose to make
sure that the real person parody okay of
course
you notice this shirt this is coexists
and it's X dot we wouldn't want to
coexist that would be terrible no no
don't coexist but they would never do
any violence they were just executing
Santa in good fun now if that's not the
Christmas spirit I don't know what is
you just watch the video by the young
turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
