people are petitioning Casey Affleck to
be disinvited from the Academy Awards or
in the very least to ensure that he will
not present at the upcoming Academy
Awards now this is all because of the
current climate involving sexual assault
and sexual harassment allegations Casey
Affleck himself faced lawsuits from two
separate women back in 2010 who accused
that he had sexually harassed or
sexually assaulted them during the 2010
documentary film I'm still here
now they settled out of court for an
undisclosed amount but The Daily Beast
had detailed the allegations against him
and one of the allegations included him
essentially getting into a bed with one
of the women while she was sleeping and
he was completely naked so sorry he had
no shirt on but he had his underwear
okay either way he got into bed with her
while she was sleeping she did not want
him there and that was one of many
instances where he had done things that
she felt uncomfortable about so again
they settled out of court we don't know
the terms of that settlement we don't
know the amount but either way there's
this issue involving the fact that you
know if tradition plays out the way that
it normally does with the Academy Awards
it's likely that he would present the
award for Best Actress
it's a long-standing tradition that the
winner of Best Actor Actress returns to
the Oscars ceremony the following year
to present the winner in the opposite
genders category now last year he won
the award for Manchester by the sea and
so again if tradition plays out the way
it's supposed to he is supposed to
present the award for Best Actress now
there was a petition as I mentioned and
that petition gained about 16,000
signatures it was started by a filmmaker
who felt really passionately about this
issue and the filmmaker is Cameron
Bossard and he's like look I I'm you
know not a big-time filmmaker but it
doesn't matter I want to send a message
and really make it known that the
Academy Awards needs to set an example
by not allowing Casey Affleck to present
now there was an interview
the head of the Academy Awards that
person was asked whether or not you know
they're reconsidering and the answer was
we're thinking about everything so it
was kind of a non answer but at least
it's on their radar they're they're
thinking about everything so we'll see
how it all plays out so here's a couple
of uncomfortable situations one already
happened so the best actress from the
year ago had to present the award to
Casey Affleck last year and her
performance and the reason she won in
the movie room was because she played a
kidnapping victim and a sexual assault
survivor and she's herself in real life
is a noted advocate for survivors of
domestic violence and rape and so she
had to give him a statue she did not
applaud when he won and and that was
telling and when they asked her about it
she said look I did what I did and you
could read whatever you want into it
which is very clear and now a lot of the
women who are up for Academy Award this
year that he would hand off the statue
to are have also played victims of
sexual assault in those movies and in
real life of course a lot of them have
also fought for a better situation for
women not just in Hollywood but
throughout the country so this is this
is pretty bad look Casey Affleck on the
one hand you can say well they settle
out of court you don't really know it's
just leaks to daily base and it's
anonymous etc on the other hand they
seem very credible and in this story
that Ana was telling you about he's in
bed with her he's and and she orders him
out of bed and he's like why angry about
it by the way so the daily beast broke
that story but you can read about it in
the court filings the court documents so
the lawsuits were filed against him and
then they decided to go ahead and settle
out of court and to me the worst part of
it there's a bunch of allegations
there's some joking there's the you know
sexual references etc but so and people
have varying opinions on how severe that
is but you don't have to worry about any
of that because if you believe it by the
end the women alleged that when they
would not give in to his advances
they were eventually taken off the movie
that's pretty much as bad as it gets so
now those are allegations they settled
but it's not a good look now I'll say
about the Academy Award what do they
call it they like that yeah the Academy
right so they're in a tough spot here
and it's not an easy answer and I'll
tell you why okay it'd be took me
basically took away all the honors of
Harvey Weinstein but it's the first time
they've ever ever done it and if they
break this protocol that the opposite
gender winner from last year presents
the world would the world will not end
but then they will get into every actor
and every actress and what do they do or
not I'm saying outside of sexual
harassment did they ever do anything
wrong in this tradition then they gotta
analyze it piece by piece and you can
say no big deal it see okay I got you
but for them it is a big deal and so I'm
not saying that they shouldn't do it I'm
saying give them a little bit of space
to make the decision like so I feel like
a couple of articles they're like why
haven't they made a decision already
okay okay look if they make the wrong
decision then you can get all over them
but give them a little bit of time to
think about this because it's for them
it's a very hard decision that has a lot
of ramifications for years and years and
years so then judge them after they made
the decision I don't know I think that's
fair yeah I mean it's just it was
settled out of court
you can't adjudicate anything can't make
a decision about you know guilt you
don't know the details I mean the the by
the way the the details in the court
documents are so so detailed you know
like there was another case where Casey
Affleck had encouraged another person
working on the film a male to take his
penis out in front of one of the women
that's suing yeah and so if the if those
things are proven those things are
terrible and so if you can't prove it
and you're making these decisions with
the Academy it's it I get it it's hard
but I just feel like the entire just
like the news industry and what happened
with some of the the big shots like the
entire system needs to change we need
some fresh blood yeah and I I think that
what could be solve this as if Casey I
have like God preemptively sick
that day like if he told them oh I'm
having a medical appointment that I
really need to take care of at that time
that might be the wise move for a flank
if you liked this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
