huge story out of TYT investigates and
I'm very proud of their investigation
very proud of you guys for supporting it
you made this possible if you were among
the people of the TYT audience that
funded this program Michael Tracy
breaking a story about the d-triple-c
now these are the folks who were
supposed to help Democrats get elected
to Congress now like the DNC they're
supposed to be neutral to which
Democrats get elected and theoretically
if you're more progressive they should
be happier about that laughs along with
me now first TYT investigates has looked
at this objectively I will give you what
they said and throughout I will give you
my commentary on okay so Tracy reports
the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee is making several demands of
candidates preparing for the 2018 house
elections according to an internal memo
obtained by TYT the memo dictates
policies on campaign spending and sexual
harassment and that wise requirements
for Democratic Party unity now I'm glad
that they have guidelines on sexual
harassment that sounds good I've got no
issue with that but demanding unity well
that depends on what you mean doesn't it
that seems a little strange in and I
campaign spending why wouldn't it can
they be allowed to spend the money
anyway he likes well let's find out the
memo was sent by d-triple-c executive
director Dan seen on December first two
candidates and campaign managers so
recently so what it is say well it
includes a requirement that the
campaigns must quote not to engage in
tactics that do harm to our chances of
winning a general election oh wait a
minute waiter what in the world does
that mean they're running a primary
against one another so by definition
likely at some point they will say well
at a minimum slightly better than the
other guy when you're running a campaign
you make a case for yourself and of
course almost by definition you make a
case against the other person so it's
preposterous to say no don't harm any of
the other candidates you're running
against them this is the same kind of
ideas you don't harm
Clinton because she's a presumptive
nominee well who presumed it you
presumed it and now we know because of
Donna Brazile who was the DSE chair
turns out there was a reason they
presumed it because they had taken over
financial control of the DNC so here
comes now the d-triple-c on the house
side going mmm
make sure that you don't criticize that
they don't say incumbents but they mean
incumbents and I'll show you why okay
but by the way is that rule really true
for example Doug Applegate's a justice
Democrat he's the leading candidate in
in the race against their license aryl
Isis now down by 10 points to Democrats
now gavel Cade is very likely to be the
candidate very likely to be the next
congressman in that district in
California so does that mean the
establishment candidates and there are
several in that race are not allowed to
criticize Doug Applegate okay great we
there's progressives that are the just
Democrats that are leading in a handful
races are there establishment
corporatist centrist Democrats not
allowed to criticize them my guess is
they're like oh wow good job good job
but that's different but that's
different right so well let's let's keep
going here candidates also must hold a
unity event with their primary opponents
following a primary the memo says okay
well I would hope so you know I
you guys know my opinion and what I did
during the 2016 election I fought for
Bernie Sanders because I thought he was
a better candidate I was right
and he because I could read polls and I
didn't care about the money at the DNC
and who was getting paid and which
consultants were getting rich and then
when he lost he I said Hillary Clinton
was better than Donald Trump
so now I've gotten a plenty agree for
that a lot of disagreement about that
but I think I was right about that as
well so I believe in having unity
especially against monstrous Republican
candidates but what I enforce that well
that's kind of a weird thing I don't
know what's gonna happen in the race so
for example let's take a Republican
example John McCain and George Bush were
running as to each other in 2004 the for
president obviously in the primaries
and McCain Bush's team did a robo call
where they said where they smear John
McCain by saying that he had an
illegitimate black child now that's not
true but Karl Rove did that incredibly
dirty tactic anyway now in reality of
course they had actually adopted a child
from Southeast Asia I mean what Bush did
there was the worst of the worst is John
McCain's supposed to turn around and go
Oh George Bush let's hug it out what a
wonderful thing let's do unity if I was
John McCain under no circumstances would
I do that and I don't care what the DNC
or the RNC tells me about the unity I'm
supposed to have so I would say I hope
so but it certainly depends so now then
Michael Tracy for TYT investigates when
talk to other people that are
strategists in the Democratic Party from
different stripes one strategist working
on a democratic congressional campaign
who is not authorized to speak publicly
said that barring primary candidates
from using tactics that might
disadvantage the winner in the general
election gives the edge to quote
corporatist candidates who have super
PAC backing those super PACs could carry
out such attacks while smaller
grassroots campaigns without super PACs
would be unable to respond now that's a
great point
and I have to confess that I did not
think of that until I read that quote
and I and I just saw this story today
and I and it's a great story and let's
just tackle that issue do you understand
the trick being played here they tell
all the candidates including progressive
candidates with less money and
progressive candidates who don't have
super back bagging because they're not
corrupted don't fight don't criticize
the other side but they can't do
anything about the super banks so the
corporate Democrats who have super PAC
backing can unleash their super PACs to
destroy the progressive candidates and
then the d-triple-c goes oh is that what
happened oh sorry I made you guys
unilaterally disarm while the super PACs
destroyed you yeah thanks but no thanks
not remotely interested in that horse
crap okay a Democratic Congressional
Campaign strategist
says this is systemically designed to
disadvantage progressives now more from
the Tracie story here the memo requests
a signature of the candidate but it's a
unclear the extent to which it would be
legally binding the memo says the
d-triple-c will provide trainings and
template campaign tools to candidates
who have open lines of communication
with a d-triple-c now that has two
components that are very important one
is exciting you better sign it okay no
don't sign anything who the hell are you
guys to tell us what's a sign of what
not to sign or to tell any of the
candidates once I agree with the ones I
disagree with ah but what's their
leverage so that brings us to point
number two you're not going to get any
training or campaign tools if you don't
have open line of communication with the
d-triple-c in other words if you don't
sign in unilaterally disarm will take
away all the tools you have and will
create an unfair playing ground
Democratic Party doing that in favor of
corporate interests why I would never so
they're still doing it today and then
when you bring up issues like this a
store we just broke today they'll say oh
you're relitigate in the past no this
has nothing do with 2016 you're doing it
right now
now here comes something even stranger
and this is really interesting the memo
mandates that candidates preserve at
least 75% of all funds they raise for
quote paid communications which is seen
as code for TV advertising and method
viewed by much of the new generation of
Democrats as outmoded especially for
mobilizing young and minority voters who
could be critical in 2018 why do you
care how they spend their money what a
weird thing right
for example Kanye Lange great
progressive candidate out of Hawaii
he's also the leading candidate also
likely to win my guess is they're not
going to tell his corporatist Democratic
opponents this back down and not attack
him but anyway he's leading he and and
how did you get there in the first place
he's really young well he won his first
seat when he was 23 you know how he did
it he knocked on 15,000 doors the
d-triple-c would tell them don't do that
don't knock on doors you have to spend
your money on TV why is that your
business if I think it's a waste of
money why do I have to waste the money
that way oh because the d-triple-c in
the DNC and this whole Democratic Party
organization unfortunately at the
establishment one level at the
Washington DC level it's not about
getting Democrats elected it's about
taking all that money and funneling it
to Democratic consultants who actually
run the DSD and now apparently the
d-triple-c and people who are working in
advertising who take 15% Commission on
every TV ad the lawyers who facilitate
that this is all about the money don't
fight back against our opponents who
have been corrupted by the money and
take what every money you have and make
sure you spend it on TV the answer
should be a unilateral hell no hell no
so and then they wonder well how did we
lose popular support I don't know why
progressives aren't thanking us and you
wonder why they don't want to talk about
Trump's corruption because it would
bring up their corruption get out of the
way get out of the way uncorrupted
progressive candidates can talk about
Trump's corruption all day long because
they don't take corporate PAC money
they're not went to the DNC and the
d-triple-c lobbyists friends and
consulted friends and the people who are
skimming all that money off the top
finally Norma Solomon who who ran for
Congress who was a Bernie delegate in
the last election so the d-triple-c has
a very bad history of pushing out more
progressive candidates during a primary
and the bad history has not ended it's
always a subtle blackmail if you don't
show that you can play ball we're gonna
freeze you out well then they'll turn
around and go what let's have unity no I
don't agree to you freezing our
progressives I don't agree to you being
corrupt I don't agree to you who
funneling all the money to your friends
who are lobbyists and consultants and
advertisers and all the other things we
don't agree I don't agree that I need to
run on your corporate agenda I don't
agree that I need to sign off that I'm
never going to criticize my opponent for
example
for Nia Diane Feinstein votes is in
favor of the death penalty I'm not
supposed to criticize her on that and
the Alison hearts are running against or
is not supposed to criticize her on that
and then you've got she voted for the
Bush tax cuts you're not supposed to
criticize that why would I not criticize
that why can't California have a
progressive Center hey we'll cut off all
your tools we'll cut off all your so now
that's the Senate run d-triple-c
is on the house side but you can apply
to any of them this corporatist
candidate after corporatist candidate
and we're apparently supposed to let
them destroy progressives and then pay
for their own destruction
no thank you if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now ey tea network.com slash join
get the whole younger so every day
