unfortunately there's been some serious
allegations in someone against someone
in the TYT Network his name is Sam cedar
he does the majority report they found
an old tweet of his where he tweeted
this
he said about Roman Polanski remember of
course there's terrible sexual assault
allegations against Roman Polanski and
seders said don't care regarding
Polanski and tweet from 2009 but I hope
if my daughter has ever raped it is by
an older truly talented man with a great
sense of missile scene okay so he not
only as part of the TYT Network he's
also an employee at MSNBC is a
contributor for them and MSNBC said
quote an insider there to the press
internally there was discussed over the
tweet now here's ceders defense which he
had on the majority report this smear
involves the willful misinterpretation
of a tweet that I posted in 2009 I will
never be ashamed of criticizing those
who would excuse the predation of women
or girls and I certainly won't be quiet
about ROI more or conservative movement
that that would defend his actions so
they can get his vote in the Senate okay
now as you see there he's a former MSNBC
contributor because they in essence have
fired so what are we going to do with
the TYT Network Sam cedar you are not
fired get out of here man
are you kidding me this is an attack by
the wall tripe by it absolute let me
care be careful with my adjectives here
a bad actor to say the least as you're
about to see and and he pretends to care
about women and rape and then goes and
serves up the pot it is incredibly weak
and yes pathetic of MSNBC of taking this
action now look at the tweet was he
talking about being in favor Roman
Polanski know the exact opposite really
because you you guys don't understand
sarcasm at all in fact what Sam cedar
was doing was attacking other liberals
which though all rights should be
thrilled about who at the time in 2009
we're now beginning to put on some
defense of Roman Polanski and non
liberals as well of course
even though he done the terrible sexual
assault and rape actions and why he fled
the country some people were arguing
well I mean but he is such a great
director we should let him back in the
country and that is exactly what Sam
cedar was making fun of saying no I
don't care that he's a great director he
was accused of rape and very
legitimately so so legitimate that he
ran out of the country and is a wanted
fugitive no we should not allow him back
in so if you don't understand that
there's something wrong with you you're
not very bright now reality is almost
everybody does understand that the
alt-right attack um doesn't care about
this issue at all as I'm about to prove
to you and to me that what's
particularly heinous though is the
cowardice of the mainstream media look
if you've got a real story of
allegations of sexual harassment that is
a completely different animal and so
that's a different matter should be
taking it with the utmost seriousness
and joke where someone is against rape
but you let an alright guy pretend that
he's in favor of it what's wrong with
you and the reality is already trouble I
don't want any trouble I'm going to call
everything even so who are they calling
it even with there's a number of people
attacking Sam and he but the ringleaders
a guy named Mike Stern Abishai I never
talk about him because he's a troll and
he is thrilled to be a troll a trash
troll everybody but apparently since the
mainstream media is so blindingly stupid
that they would take him seriously we're
gonna have to talk about him so to give
you some context on who he is it has
been one year as media I points out says
Edgar Madison Welch infiltrated pizza
shop comet ping-pong armed with an ar-15
and a revolver after the pizza gate
conspiracy theory pushed by certain
others spread around so he's the guy who
spread around the insane insane
conspiracy theory that there was a pizza
shop where the kids are being molested
you know who actually molested kids Roy
Moore the guy that they support so for
MSNBC so-called progressive Network to
come out and go oh the defenders of Roy
Moore in his child molestation pretend
to be concerned about a joke against
rape from 2009 so I'm gonna fire the guy
it is beyond preposterous
okay so
Serna which put out an article he does
this all the time against so many people
at this late juncture for them to mean
that much of a cowards than given to a a
guy like sterner which is unreal the
title of the article was MSNBC
contributor Sam cedar endorses
Polanski's sex crimes and now deleted
tweet wait wait wait what do you mean
endorses so I guess Mike Suresh is
preposterous Lee stupid one of the
dumbest guys alive if he can't tell
that's a joke but the reality is of
course he knows it's a joke but he
pretends that it's not a joke to get to
his goal so look in fact he's obsessed
with this topic the topic being child
molestation he talks about it non-stop
now to give you a hey MSNBC executive
since you're stupid let me fill you in
on what certain which is about he
accuses almost everyone of pedophilia
why cuz it's the dirtiest thing you
could use any one of and this is what
any trolls for a living he's a
right-wing monster and you won't you
were leaning forward at some point I
guess I don't know what forward was and
I know what leaning was now I guess
you're leaning backwards but you're
giving any guys like this so let's take
a look at the people to certain which is
accused of being a pedophile
he says pedophile Podesta won't concede
tonight referring to the campaign
chairman of Hillary Clinton thought it
was Trump who wouldn't concede election
night so apparently for no reason no
facts that all Podesta is a pedophile
then we move on to Tim Kaine the VP
choice
creepy can really does have the look of
a pedophile okay non-stop then we go to
salon magazine publishes an anti rape
article instead salon published Pro
pedophilia article it is platform for
pedophiles time to write quote-unquote
investors why do they fund a
money-losing
quote-unquote company it doesn't matter
he's gonna accuse everyone who was
opposed to him or being a pedophile
that's what he does and then he goes on
stirs up the pot investors advertisers
corporate executives let's get him
scared because they're stupid and
they'll just react to us and actually
support the people who are in favor of
monstrous things that Roy Moore is
thought and by the way that as you're
gonna see in a little bit discernible
himself supports so he's not done yet he
keeps going to Clinton's he claims were
running a pedophile ring he's been in
the emails all of the time
we just weren't able to see the code
this is the insane pizza gate theory
everyone that is a political opponent of
his is a pedophile including Republicans
so we go to this tweet and this is about
Ben Sasse Ben Sasse a Republican from
Nebraska but he had the temerity to not
fully support Donald Trump so the brown
shirt that is Mike Stern which put out
this tweet how many underage boys did
you pass off to convicted pedophile and
GOP leader Dennis Hastert now he is
right that former GOP leader Dennis
Hastert was in fact a child molester you
are right about that Republican who was
a child molester but not about Ben Sasse
and passing off kids to him this guy's
an absolute monster and what does that
make you MSNBC that you came to a guy
like that so and then he eat he brags
about his method of of lying about
people and then smearing them
effectively online so he was another guy
that he was lying about is Jesse single
and he says he puts it in quotes jesse
singles of sexual predator I can get
that on page one of Google in due time
meaning I'm gonna game the system I'm
gonna lie to advertisers I'm gonna lie
to investors I'm gonna lie the
executives I'm gonna lie to companies
and I'm gonna try to game the system
online that I take a political opponent
and I put that on page one of Google oh
by the way a lot of people are never
going to see all other tweets I made
they're never going to see his defense
they're just gonna see that so with 2557
you got whatever percentage of the
country i will defame this the all of
these people to the hilt and then laugh
as i get other people to do my bidding
for me like MSNBC he must be ecstatic
today at a pathetic MSNBC as for doing
this so now remember what he professed
to care about oh my god Sam she did a
rape joke that is unacceptable because
I'm sure that my certain bitch cares
deeply about rape and protecting women
who have suffered from rape so let's
find out if that's the case let's go to
his tweets he says have you guys ever
tried quote unquote raping a girl
without using force try it it's
basically impossible
date rape does not exist this is the guy
pretending
to care about rape this is the guy that
MSNBC was convinced was so righteous
that they fired one of their own
contributors but and not anywhere near
done
here's more he says and this is his
words a whore will let her friend urine
your ruin your life with a false rape
case so why should I care when women are
raped this is the guy pretending to care
about a rape joke I'm not done yet
he says he's got a what he calls an anti
rape game in this next tweet after
abusing a girl I always immediately send
a text and save her reply so after he
apparently according to him and by the
way they he can't now claim that it's a
joke for some does any of this sound
like a joke this guy's of absolute
monster I don't I don't believe it but
he I know what is the first good Oh what
I'm just I'm just joking I mean I admit
it's a sexual assault
right there let me see the pretty think
that I care about sexual assault ever I
sexually assault women I get them to
reply to me in a tweet so later I can
blame them and victimize them again if
it's a joke it's the world's worst joke
and exactly what the problem is but it
isn't a joke because you see all of
these patterns here's another one if you
in case you were unclear yet after all
of this one more tweet when is the last
time women organized to support a men's
rights issue
stop being who cares about breast
cancer and rape not me MSNBC you ought
to be absolutely embarrassed and ashamed
of yourself
you know how many progressives are gonna
fire because the right-wing scared you a
little bit cuz they said boo all you
care about isn't your own careers the
executives out there I don't care what
happens to progressives why would MSNBC
care about progressives now they're
gonna throw one after another after
another under the bus oh no Martin
Brashear said the wrong thing about
Sarah Palin first you force them into
apology after apology and then you fire
him
and then you can go through the whole
long list rat again in that case there's
no apology didn't do anything wrong but
he did speak out it truth to power he's
also now part of the TYT Network and
then you know he Oberman had his issues
over there you Ed Schultz is gone and
the list goes on and on and on and on
all those progresses why because they're
not progressives there a giant
multi-billion dollar corporation and the
only thing they care about is the career
of their executives oh well I know the
sternum bitch is a monster I know he's
wrong about this but what do I care
throw another progressive onto the fire
so that I don't take a 1% chance about
my career which is the only thing that
the people who made this decision care
about it is gross and finally I need you
to understand something Sam cedar does a
great show at the majority report and
you should go watch it over and over and
over again youtube.com slash Sam cedar
gets you the majority report and we have
a wide and varied network here we've got
people all over the political spectrum
and all certainly on the progressive
side but all over the progressive side
and sometimes yes our hosts don't agree
and sometimes they share that widely but
I support them I support their right to
speech my the alt-right claims that they
care about freedom of speech and then
they want somebody fired over it as
something that they know was a joke they
don't care about freedom of speech
they're brown shirts they never cared
when they cried all those tears about
Milo and Shapiro oh my god they were
denied their $20,000 speaking fee for
not being able to speak well and one
made were denied that fee who defended
them we defended them because you do
have freedom of speech in this country
but they don't believe in that all they
believe is in fascism and this kind of
despicable defamation slander and smears
and the next time some alt-right guy
likes to like this comes to you
understand what their history is never
ever believe them because if you make
the mistake of believing them they'll
then turn over
and use it against you and laugh at you
behind your back which is exactly what
they're doing at MSNBC today which they
thoroughly deserved watch The Young
Turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it anyway you like a TYT
Network comm slash join
