GOP senator Heller Dean Heller from
Nevada recently had a town hall and
during that town hall he was asked a
question from an individual who has
stage four cancer her name is Laura
Packard and she's very much concerned
with the fact that senators are still
trying to go after the Affordable Care
Act in their tax bill now if you can
recall the tax bill includes a portion
that indicates that they would do away
with the mandate and that would
dismantle the Affordable Care Act it
would make premiums so expensive that
people wouldn't be able to afford them
so Laura Packard is concerned about that
because the Affordable Care Act is
keeping her alive and so she had tweeted
that Dean Heller's goons threatened me
before the event even started seriously
what then he read my question from the
stage so I stood up to add to it this is
what happened next so take a quick look
at how she was treated
yeah not quite sure we did eliminate the
tax provisions within moving Apothecary
and that was the individual and it was
every individual mandate 90,000 people
in state Nevada have to pay tax because
they can't afford Obamacare so security
escorted her out I mean I don't I mean
she wasn't posing any type of threat she
didn't even get rowdy she just added to
the question and also obviously added a
comment to it that apparently didn't sit
well with him or the security so they
escorted her out when I read the
headline I thought she's gonna be
disruptive and I always kind of have
mixed feelings about them I think that
you should make your case but then let
the other side speak and I've said that
a million times on the show so I
expected the video to show that she was
calling it calling it causing a
disruption right and I thought well if
you got stage four cancer and I know
that because I already have your
question in my hand I'm not sure I'd
remove you even if you were being
disruptive but at least I could begin to
understand
Tirzah know she's added the most benign
comment I've ever seen
you know like No remove her from the
building well the mistake that she made
was thinking that talking about her
health condition and what would likely
happen to her if the Affordable Care Act
was dismantled would lead to any sort of
empathy from someone like Senator Heller
and so I'm not trying to be critical of
her it's just I co I've come to the
realization that empathy just doesn't
exist with certain people in this
country certainly with some of our
lawmakers and so you know even though
she has Stage four Hodgkin's lymphoma
she is already undergoing chemotherapy
she's very much concerned about her
health and her future and the ability to
pay for her health care doesn't matter
to hell her it doesn't matter to some
members of the GOP most members of the
GOP and that's the most devastating part
of all of this these are people who vote
on legislation that determines our fate
and they have no empathy for us they
don't care if we're sick they don't care
if we're poor they will turn around and
claim that they're pro-life and that day
you know we should dismantle
reproductive rights because we need to
save zygotes
when it comes to living breathing human
beings that are simply stating what
their concerns are during a town hall
which is what a Town Hall is for well it
doesn't matter we need to escort them
out makes me a very uncomfortable to
have to be confronted by something like
this it's a couple of things here one is
this is how fascism begins dissent is
not allowed it doesn't matter how polite
you are doesn't matter where your
condition is dissent is not allowed and
in Anna's right why are we doing town
halls if the Senate's not allowed what's
the point just for all of us to show up
and do cheerlead for you
where are the free way where the free
speech advocates I'm sorry for
interrupting you right but where's Ann
Coulter Ben Shapiro all these people
that are whining and crying constantly
about college campuses this is a free
speech issue she didn't get rowdy she
wasn't disruptive this is a town hall
she gets escorted out immediately
because she adds commentary to her
question that I think is incredibly
important for senator Heller to hear
where are the free speech advocates I
mean we're talking about one of the
biggest snowflakes in the country right
now who can't handle anything that makes
them feel a little uncomfortable you
know look I I have said it time and time
again college campuses need to allow
speakers regardless of political
ideology but you know for some reason
there seems to be a double standard when
it comes to that issue when it comes to
liberals you know violating free speech
well conservatives are up in arms about
it but in this case come on cuz this is
a woman who's concerned about her health
she's stating what she's concerned about
she gets escorted out immediately as a
result of that I just looked it up that
clip lasted less than 30 seconds so that
what that statement it's not like she
hey guys well I mean we got to move on
right know there was less than 30
seconds and she was done and she was
gonna sit back down get her out of the
building and senator Heller knew about
her situation because he had the
question from her already and he didn't
stop them as she's being escorted out
he's smiling and talking to her why
doesn't he say he can he can easily say
hey no no no no let her be let her be
it's a fair question and I'll answer and
and if you believe that you're providing
better health care with your proposals
wouldn't you say no my god please stay
let me explain to you why your
to be in so much better shape with our
healthcare because oh my god Obama had
death panels but our healthcare is this
and this and this he doesn't have that
answer because there were no death
panels and says she got covered and now
she might not be covered anymore and
it's uncomfortable for him that in
reality he chose his donors profits over
her life so please remove her from the
building it is it's ruining the good air
for the elites you know the senator is
an elite you can't question the elites
if you like this video you'll love the
whole tu IT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
