special counsel Robert Muller's team has
released some information indicating
that they have stopped the negotiation
negotiation process in regard to Paul
mana Ford's bail terms and the reason
why they did this is because they found
evidence indicating that Paul Manafort
attempted to ghostwrite an op-ed piece
with an individual with ties to Russia
so he recently goes wrote an op-ed with
a Russian with ties to the country's
intelligence services special counsel
Robert mullahs team alleged on Monday so
to give you some more details on this
the notice that molars team released the
public said that mana fort worked on the
draft with a longtime Russian colleague
of mana forts who is currently based in
Russia and assessed to have ties to a
Russian intelligence service now the
point of this op-ed was to sway the
public's opinion in regard to this
Russia investigation it was an
incredibly brazen thing for him to do
especially considering that this attempt
was on November 30th
Muller's team has not disclosed which
publication they attempted to publish
this op-ed with but they did put a stop
to it before it was published molars
team also says that the editorial
clearly was undertaken to influence the
public's opinion of defendant mana Ford
or else there would be no reason to seek
its publication now there are
consequences for mana for as a result of
doing this first of all he has violated
a court order so there is a legal issue
here but more importantly for mana Ford
he wanted his bail to allow him to
travel from one state to another
currently he is on house arrest and he's
not able to leave his home Robert Muller
was negotiating with his lawyers in
regard to that and now the negotiations
are done and I hear he wanted to travel
to a state called Moscow
all right look number one when I first
read this story I was like November 30th
which November 30th because before
Muller arrested him and and like he knew
the depth of the investigation and and
Trump had just gotten elected last
November right you know that he's got a
million katana the Russians and this is
one of them I would understand no no
November 30th as in just like after
Thanksgiving this year yeah last week
yeah okay like way to go less than a
week ago so he's either got some serious
cojones on him or and or he's incredibly
stupid so and definitely a fresh so
you're under investigation for having
too many ties to Russian interests so
you call up a friend in the Russian
intelligence agencies while you're under
that investigation and go hey you want
to go try to op-ed together okay and by
the way the feds are tracking everything
you do how stupid are you incredibly
stupid and but I think that this just
adds to mounting evidence indicating
that certain people are under the
assumption that they're above the law
because they have been treated as if
they're above the law for such a long
time and so yeah he's stupid but he
probably you know has a lifetime of
experiences to make him think this is
totally okay I'm gonna you know be above
the law and not have to face any
consequences for this it's incredible
and and maybe his overall strategies
because they got him dead to rights from
the evidence of we can see publicly on
and by the way you say I'm not even the
stuff related to Trump there's stuff
that he had the deals that he had with
the oligarchs were sure in violation of
the law we went over when he was first
arrested they got him in really bad
situation you spend the rest of his life
in prison and then he's still brazenly
doing this stuff right on their nose no
one possible explanation is like what
difference does it make Trump's gonna
pardon me
he doesn't pardon me I'm gonna turn
evidence on him and then he's totally
screwed so maybe just thinks go ahead
and have fun kids
and the president doesn't care about the
law he doesn't care that I violated the
law
me and potentially when it relates to
Trump he might have even asked him to
violate the law so of course he's gonna
pardon me doesn't have a choice maybe
that's why he's doing this if you become
a member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole younger so every day
