so the biggest issue with our political
environment in America and really all
over the world but certainly in America
is the system that's used to actually
select the candidates you see power
ultimately resides in the production of
political candidates and then once those
who have control over who the candidates
are are done doing what they want to do
then they can pretend it's a democracy
by letting you choose between the two or
three but really to pre-selected
candidates and so the beginning of
improving American politics is beginning
to actually alter the candidate
selection process the candidate
selection process can be easily improved
by simply opening up primaries and
moving from a binary voting system to
rank-choice voting and then ultimately
shifting to a mandatory distributed
finance for elections where basically
everybody has a maximum donation of $200
no matter who they are now none of this
is gonna obviously happen at the federal
level at least not anytime soon but I
strongly recommend we focus our
attention on City Hall and state houses
because that is a more achievable and
and also once you've achieved a culture
of rank-choice voting and open primaries
along with distributive finance at City
Hall in the State House it will be
impossible for the federal government to
do anything but adapt to it which is why
I am so proud obviously what they're
doing in Maine with the move towards
rank-choice voting on a state level or
in Minneapolis for that matter where
they move towards rank-choice voting on
a city level so again ignore the giant
federal government and pay attention to
reforming the voting system at the local
and state level with a focus on open
primaries Frank choice voting and
distributive finance
you
