Politico has discovered that a lawmaker
spent eighty four thousand dollars in
taxpayer money in order to settle a case
involving a former employee who accused
him of sexual harassment and creating a
hostile work environment
now that lawmaker is representative
Blake Farenthold who we have talked
about in the past because of his
appearance in a onesie during a
fundraiser but this story is much more
serious the allegations were brought
against him by Lauren green who did work
for him and then claimed that after
complaining about a hostile work
environment she was fired now according
to the allegations Farenthold regularly
drank to excess and because of his
tendency to flirt the staffers who
accompanied him to Capitol Hill
functions would joke that they had to be
on redhead Patrol to keep him out of
trouble to get back to the money and
then I'll get into more details
involving the allegations the
representative used taxpayer money to
settle a sexual harassment claim brought
by his former spokesperson the only
known sitting member of Congress to have
used a little-known congressional
account to pay an accuser and he did
spend eighty four thousand dollars in
the settlement so Lauren Greene the
Texas Republicans former communications
director sued in December of 2014 over
allegations of gender discrimination
sexual harassment and creating a hostile
work environment when she complained
Green said the congressman improperly
fired her now what does his Farenthold
have to say about this he released a
statement saying while I 100% support
more transparency with respect to claims
against members of Congress I can
neither confirm nor deny that settlement
that settlement involved my office as
the Congressional Accountability Act
prohibits me from answering that
question okay I I think Ferren holds
grouse in a couple of different ways and
I obviously I don't agree with his
politics but he probably can't comment
on the case because if there is a an
agreement then both parties cannot
comment on it now whether you actually
believe him that he is for a hundred
percent transparency that's a different
question
right and in terms of the comments about
red
had patrol and he liked to drink I mean
if we're talking about congressmen who
like to drink a lot of them are gonna be
in trouble
and so Red Hood Patrol by itself doesn't
really necessarily mean much but there's
a lot more to this right yes so let's
let's get into the other details so and
and before we do one more bit of context
look Conyers people are worried also did
a settlement out of a this type of fun
right and he's a Democrat and keep in
mind that the person who accused Conyers
and there might be several but one that
just came out publicly is a lifelong
Democrat so they have no political axe
to grind here and Lauren Green
Republican worked for Republicans has no
political axe to grind here it doesn't
mean you you have to believe her a
hundred percent which keep that in mind
right so it's not like this this hatchet
job from the other party or anything
along those lines
now the actual details so Green said
another Farenthold aide told her that
the lawmaker had sexual fantasies and
wet dreams about her she also claimed
that he did drink too much and that he
told her in February of 2014 that he was
quote estranged from his wife and had
not had sex with her in years so she's
saying that he would you know engage in
improper and uncomfortable conversations
sexual in nature with her and that he
created this hostile environment where
other male employees in the office would
say inappropriate things about her and
that was what she ended up complaining
to Farenthold about and she claims that
that was what led her to getting fired
so there was another aide who apparently
complained about a shirt that she was
wearing and said that she should change
her shirt because you can see her
nipples and apparently Farenthold told
the aide that she could show her nipples
whenever she wanted to and he said that
to another woman another female staffer
yeah this becomes much more clear I mean
you can't go around telling so the story
is that he tells his top aide about how
he's having wet dreams and sexual
fantasies about this other woman who
works for it and then the aide tells her
no you can't do
that's crazy that No so that's why you
have an 84 thousand dollar settlement
and that's why this story comes out in
the first place
I just wanted to chime in and he's so
I'm live in Corpus Christi he's my
congressman and I've spoken to him many
times and interviewed him and one of the
the interesting things is that okay so
we know that this thing cost eighty four
thousand dollars taxpayer money your
money funded this but he is someone who
has repeatedly said if you're looking to
elect a congressman that brings home the
bacon that ain't me in other words he
says I don't support pork barrel
spending I don't he does he's not the
type of congressman to add little
provisions and bills to specifically
benefit his district but then you have
this happen and it's taxpayer money
going for something that he could have
might have done so the argument that and
by the way the agreement that both green
and Farenthold signed indicates that
they both agree that they you know
mediated this they settle this out of
court because it would actually end up
costing taxpayers a lot more money if
this kind of suit went forward and so
look they both sign that and I'm I'm
curious to see you know how that all
really works out like does taxpayer
money really get used to to adjudicate
cases like this if it did go through a
regular lawsuit yeah so I think last
thing on this is that it's it's hard to
know exactly what happened because most
of the details are I mean obviously
they've got leaks here and they have
some sense of what happened but so it
you know I'm not saying you if you're a
Republican don't necessarily hundred
percent believe Farenthold and I don't
know that the interpretation that's put
out right now is a hundred percent right
but some of the stuff clearly looks
really really bad and then you can have
your own opinion about how bad it is and
they did settle it for eighty four
thousand so obviously pretty bad right
or at least that's what that was
what Ferren holds office believed enough
to settle it in that case but now some
people are saying look he's got a couple
million bucks Farenthold us right worth
2.4 million yeah 2.4 million dollars so
now for a step
saying for a guy who's all about
protecting taxpayer money if you thought
it was bad enough to settle it for
eighty four thousand dollars really
gonna put that on the taxpayers so my
point being is you don't have to
adjudicate how bad it was they already
decided it was eighty four thousand
dollars worth of bad right and why is
that
think about that comes out of my pocket
that comes out of your pocket some
portion of that it might be a small
portion but it does we paid for him to
be able to get away with that that just
doesn't feel right man and I know that
it's a fund that other congressmen have
also used and that doesn't feel right
either right so whether they're
Democrats or Republicans I don't think
we should have to pay for their sexual
harassment clips the other thing is is
usually when you have somebody that sues
over sexual harassment they claim you
know what are they usually when they sue
it's an emotional distress or lost wages
if they can't find work people that work
for better staff members they don't make
a lot of money what do they make in DC
like what 50 55 60 80 four thousand so
that's more than a year's salary for
most staffers so that gives you a sense
of what they thought was the severity
all right if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
