electing to have surgery is not a
decision that most people take lightly
because they understand how risky any
procedure can be I mean medical errors
are one of the leading causes of
preventable deaths the United States and
most of those occur on the surgical side
on top of that their complications that
can arise from anesthesia the
possibility of infection and even the
amount of pain that patients have to
suffer when they go through a surgical
procedure but in some cases surgery is
the only option and that's the case with
most hernias each year hundreds of
thousands of hernia surgeries are
performed the United States there are
numerous types of hernias but the two
most common hernias are the ventral
hernias and unequal hernias the ventral
hernia is a bulge that occurs at the
abdominal wall muscle and in the nickel
hernia is a hernia near the groin many
years ago a product came out on the
market was called the Google mesh patch
that hernia patch was a horrific product
that was made of a plastic chemical
polymer and had a ring around the patch
that was supposed to break and it ended
up dislodging in the patient's skin
their abdomen or their intestines people
suffered debilitating injuries even they
even died from this product turns out
that was only the tip of the iceberg
since the Coogler mesh today's medical
device companies have continued to
produce devices that supposedly have
this innovative technology in them there
are nothing more than marketing ploys
that involve little to no science in a
whole lot of experimental medicine and
marketing thanks to the FDA's medical
device clearance process which is
totally inadequate these devices don't
have to be independently verified as to
their safety for example a company
called H R and releases a product called
C cure mesh the secure mesh was a mesh
patch that was coated with omega-3 acids
basically fish oil goo is the best way
to describe it
this goo causes severe reactions inside
the human body and it leads to
infections adhesions and can even cause
a person's death on top of that not only
does the product employ a bogus design
but the company itself has been in
trouble with the FDA for contamination
issues surrounding the way it
these products then Ethicon a subsidiary
of Johnson & Johnson that's always in
the news for defective products these
days well they make a product called
physio mesh it's used as a chemical
coating on top of its mesh this chemical
coating was touted to doctors as
something that was going to help wounds
heal turns out that it did just the
opposite it caused healing problems and
increased infections the problems got so
bad that they issued an urgent field
safety notice voluntary recall in May of
2016 the reason that the company issued
this recall is because their mesh
products were causing an array of
problems which included the mesh
beginning to bind with internal organs
or the mesh falling apart causing the
hernia to reopen and the patient being
forced to have corrective surgery in
fact these negative side effects became
so severe that a clinical study on the
product was actually terminated early
because they found out it was so
dangerous
we cover stories like this every week on
America's lawyer where we tell you
stories that corporate media can't tell
you because their advertisers won't
allow them to do that follow me on
America's lawyer
you
