last week during an appearance on Fox &
Friends on Fox News White House
counselor Kellyanne Conway clearly
violated the law specifically the law
that she broke was the Hatch Act that
forbids members of the White House
members of the current administration
from going out in their official
capacity and engaging in political
activity specifically endorsing or
attacking certain candidates here's what
happened with Kali and Conway she goes
on Fox and Friends last week to talk
about the tax reform package being
proposed by Republicans and during her
response about tax cuts she decides to
go off the rails and starts attacking
Doug Jones the Democratic Senate
candidate in the state of Alabama she
did this while being identified as a
White House counselor she did it while
being interviewed in front of the White
House so in all regards she was acting
as an official representative of the
Donald Trump administration and
therefore engaging in those kind of
political attacks against Doug Jones in
favor of Roy Moore she had violated the
Hatch Act which is a prosecutorial
offence now will she be prosecuted as
the question the Office of Special
Counsel within the White House is
certainly probably not going to
prosecute her but this just goes to show
you how many laws people within this
administration seem to break on a
near-constant basis that nobody pays
attention to during the Bush
administration Karl Rove clearly
violated the Hatch Act using White House
computers to send out campaign emails
again clear violation he was never
prosecuted nothing ever happened with
that so we have no reason to think that
anything different will happen to
Kellyanne Conway but we also know that
Donald Trump is out there endorsing
specific products like Fox News over CNN
his family is out there plugging their
goods on national TV while acting as
representatives of the White House which
also
is against the law Kellyanne Conway is
also guilty of doing that from the time
when she came on Fox & Friends and said
go by Ivanka stuff that's illegal you
know I think of a lot of people just
paid a little bit more attention to some
of the things going on in this white
house you would begin to see how many
times these morons sitting in the Oval
Office continuously break the law why
because they don't know it that's what
happens when you put in a complete
numbskull in the White House who has no
political experience no legal experience
and no knowledge of the US government
whatsoever not saying that gives him a
free pass but I'm saying yeah we can
expect these kinds of things when you
put an idiot in the White House and
that's exactly what we're seeing today
that does not give them a free pass that
does not mean that these things should
not be investigated and potentially
prosecuted I for one think that every
minor infraction that takes place should
be investigated if it turns out that
Kellyanne Conway is guilty of violating
the Hatch Act which all of the evidence
says yes she is she needs to be removed
from office and put in front of a
criminal trial we have laws in place in
this country for a reason and if those
at the top aren't going to follow them
how in the hell do they expect those of
us in the bottom to follow them as well
you got a lead by example and that's
something that this White House this
administration and Kellyanne Conway
herself simply don't understand thanks
for watching and if you like what you
see here on ring a fire we encourage you
to subscribe to our Channel you can see
the little subscribe button down there
but if you're watching it on another
device where you can't see it go to
youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire hit
subscribe be notified every time we get
a new video
