Donald Trump's retweets of the
Islamophobic videos by a xenophobic
British political party has been widely
condemned by a number of different
groups defended by others we're gonna
touch on both the first is by the office
of the UK prime minister Theresa May who
said it is wrong for the president to
have done this and says the UK citizens
overwhelmingly reject the prejudiced
rhetoric of the far-right and so that is
a good response obviously the effect as
we've been talking about of Britain
first and you know people who agree with
them in the UK is something that Theresa
May and others there are going to be
very focused on they're concerned about
the growth of that and they don't like
to see it being amplified by the US
president Theresa May is right-wing and
I she's the establishment basically in
the UK so I've got a lot of issues with
her but she's the she's the kind of
establishment that we used to know the
devil we knew which was saying saying
slowly crushing you with lower wages
like okay we know how to fight back
against that Donald Trump is a totally
different wild animal and he's like
let's you know one of the videos guys
not even Muslim yeah yeah so Theresa May
is forcing to a position where she has
to be the sane moderate where she's like
wait we just want to make more money we
there's no reason to hate Muslims that's
weird stop doing that
yeah hey so now it makes us go oh way to
go Theresa May yeah yeah too much credit
but I'm glad that she's speaking out
against this especially because as you
know as a prominent especially female
politician there's every chance there's
gonna be 10 tweets about her tomorrow
morning meanwhile speaking of a monster
tweeting John called it an hour ago look
called it but I really deserve no credit
because it's just a knee-jerk reaction
so Teresa may put out a fairly benign
statement about Donald Trump randomly
tweeting out Islamophobic videos I said
that he would attack her and 25 seconds
ago he tweeted at Teresa made don't
focus on me focus on the destructive
radical Islamic terrorism that is taking
place within the United
we are doing just fine well if we're
doing just fine then maybe we don't need
the wall I guess we're okay
more the Muslim Ben and so that was one
tweet god only knows what he will tweet
about her in the near future no John
you're not being fair to yourself you
called it an hour ago on the show okay
I'll take it
yes no that's that's a told you yeah
okay that's a Soulja that's a solid ass
told you what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it and you get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
