this week CNN released video apparently
showing the sale of African migrants
into slavery taken in a Libya market
let's watch big strong boys for farm
watch she says the numbers roll in these
men are sold for twelve hundred Libyan
pounds four hundred dollars a piece so
look this is this is perhaps one of the
darkest turns in this ongoing migrant
crisis I mean we've been reporting on it
for years and obviously there's the you
know thousands and thousands of people
who've lost their lives you know trying
to move across the Mediterranean there
have been reports all throughout this
year of people being blackmailed and
held held hostage when I was in Oslo
reporting on the the humanitarian
organization meeting there's a woman who
had helped to free literally thousands
of people from those sorts of like black
mailings and hostage takings but mad to
see a slave market operating in 2017 is
particularly dark so I've gone down to
Charleston South Carolina last year and
and I visited an old slave market and
now turned into a museum and they
explained that have the auction people
off and sometimes they separate families
and by the way it's not in that video
but they are separating families as well
and what is not talked about a lot
because it's so uncomfortable is is the
rape that happens for migrants in
present-day throughout the world and and
also in slavery in old times vastly
underreported under talked about because
it makes people uncomfortable was the
nonstop rape of slaves so in in and as I
was going through that slave market then
I saw this report in CNN did a great job
here and full video in the description
box the link to it it sounded just like
exactly like just like what you staff
and in the old days and you know
sometimes some people in the country
will say oh you know there's
were sold off in Africa to begin with
yeah
yeah we know that right and that doesn't
make it any better it doesn't make it
any worse and so and and yes slavery
happened all across the world and we
thought we had eradicated it and now
it's back yeah and look there's some
form of modern slavery in America where
we make our prisoners work for $1 a day
just because zero a day would be literal
slavery so they're like okay we'll give
them $1 for a day's work
just so that we technically don't call
it slavery in this case they're not
giving the dollar they're auctioning him
off just like the the terrible times
have passed now we have another video
I'll show you this is of a Nigerian man
being interviewed by CNN international
talking about his story of being taken
into slavery and his eventual escape
thankfully but a warning this is a
incredibly emotional tragic tale that
he's going to relate in this video but
here it is
I was sued on my way coming I was sued
so as I was to devalue to the matter and
so the push our equipment firmness I
gave you money to not P so this is no
pity he did not pay that money then I
showed me on I was the person who came
to bat me give him my money the
anticipated money so probably most of
you definitely Moses Lobby to you from a
weak establish a ceremony will come
quickly so I was there for each month
before my mana and water
look a Muslim who your checkerboard UCD
mark they're busy with electric even
your boot or their children to socialize
a project or a son most of the laws are
like this we got them every day
no football there are families with
relatives the persons that is Los
Angeles
no they just really suffering when
welcome to too frustrated I don't know
where to start from
because as well my life savings
leaving the country Paris on
good
Kumu another
mother than Europe now it is exactly
Papa it's very peaceful even when they
give us food year water that we may
prepare to me my problem is I'm gonna
start Azam a problem because I have lost
I lost a lot my mother have lost a lot
you very difficult all I have to say
that yes any rebellion or happy so this
kind of gives you departing nobles of
people ladies you'll also deposit
empty-handed
look at it
Gino's befall left we are the dream we
are the dream son open eyes won't gather
we are shooting because a lot of work
being able to flat to learn we see what
they achieved we breathe our gate that
was watching Madonna that's how we live
so this is the story of people with LC
setup and a dream and that unfortunately
I want to use a cliche here but that
turned into a nightmare and so a lot of
them left Nigeria trying to get to Italy
and to get to Europe through Libya and
some of them made it and then get
deported back and they lose everything
and in the meanwhile sold office slaves
you know beaten sexually assaulted
killed electric shocks and and they're
all their life savings stolen from them
and then they have to go back to where
they started and start from square one
it is some chance that if they stayed
that they would be pretty hard workers
having gone through all of that for
freedom that they they might actually
live out that dream but we've decided
we're not gonna give him that chance
and and so it's just super disheartening
to see what the world has come to and I
don't know how much people can withstand
so things are boiling over in lots of
parts of the world and they're trying to
escape and but these are these guys who
believed in the Western Dream we turn
around and guys like Trump turn around
and say no they're the bad guys they're
the ones that that are causing trouble
no they're running from trouble they're
running towards freedom and opportunity
and we slammed the door shut on them and
it's not just our fault obviously what's
happening in Libya doesn't have anything
to do with us and it is abhorrent and
there's a lot of terror in the world and
so look just a quick note on the actual
CNN exclusive there I often criticize
them but you gotta give credit where
credit is due they did a wonderful job
and bringing a powerful and important
story there yeah and like I said the
link is in the description box below for
the whole video exactly yeah yeah I mean
you watch the video like that and I mean
I like to imagine that everyone has to
be affected by that like not just not
just progresses not just people who sort
of define themselves by their their
empathy but how does as a trump
supporter watch that and not feel
something for that person like that
person has gone through something that
none of us can even imagine potentially
and you can see it on his face
experiencing it and not just like he's
been he's been beaten for eight months a
slave and he's more scared of the future
now because he has to go back to a
situation that was so bad that he fled
from in the first place and I don't
understand how you could watch that and
still think the things so many Americans
think about migrants about people trying
to get here and especially if if any
country should have an easy starting
point for understanding the lengths
people will go to to travel
internationally to start a new life
how can anyone in America not understand
that drive not understand the people who
came to America and were indentured
servants or were slaves the terrible
things that happened them how they were
economic I don't understand how people
can not have that how can not not have
that empathy after watching that and
because John you saw a room full of your
fellow human beings unfortunately some
people see that room and that's not what
they see and that's in a lot of ways the
phenomenon that will allows them to get
so abused in wherever they wind up
because people don't empathize them as
fellow humans if you liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
