Matt Lauer the NBC News morning anchor
was apparently fired today this morning
pretty early over detailed sexual
misconduct allegations now there was
originally in the morning one set of
allegations and since then others have
come out actually not long before we
began the show two additional women came
forward about their experience with Matt
Lauer we're going to have the reactions
of some of his co-hosts and coworkers
but first some of the information about
what he is alleged to have done the
first as the co-host of NBC's today Matt
Lauer once gave a colleague a sex toy as
a present it included an explicit note
about how he wanted to use it on her
which left her mortified goes on to say
on another day he summoned a different
female employee to his office and then
dropped his pants showing her his penis
oh my god after the employee declined to
do anything visibly shaken he
reprimanded her for not engaging in a
sexual act he would sometimes quiz
female producers about who they'd slept
with offering to trade names and he
loved to engage in a crass quiz game
with men and women the office called
fuck marry or kill in which he would
identify the female co-host that he'd
most like to sleep with and then and
this is perhaps this is just bizarre
his office was in a secluded space and
he had a button under his desk that
allowed him to lock his door from the
inside without getting up oh god these
are all at this point allegations but
that seems verifiable uh-huh come on
does he have a button he doesn't the
button that's hard to explain there's a
whole secret world that apparently we
were totally unfamiliar with and when I
say we I mean you know the woman who did
not suffer it and the men who did not
perpetrate it like I don't know I lived
in this like nice suburb and we do
didn't have weird stuff going on and I I
guess I left the lettuce secluded life
and didn't realize that people lock
their doors with a secret button and
drop their pants and to their and to
their co-workers that's insane so look
and varying degrees and I know people
some people hate it when we talk about
degrees but degrees do matter okay so
it's one thing when a New York Times
reporter is coming on to women when he's
drunk and he kisses them and tries to
kiss them they say no and he backs away
okay he's terrible yada yada so it's one
thing if Matt Lauer is giving a vibrator
to a friend and it that the joke didn't
land and it was taken very pro it's
another thing when he gives the vibrator
it says this is how you should use it on
yourself and it's a co-worker no no I
think it's something worse by the way
it's a third thing when he just drops
his pants and he's like give me a sec
give me give me something that's Roger
Ailes that's yeah it's like a lot of the
other men they all need to pull down
their pants which like a fourth thing
okay geez so this is one of the the
complaints that came out later in the
day one complaint came from a former
employee who said mr. Lauer had summoned
her to his office in 2001 and then had
sex with her she provided her account to
the New York Times but declined to let
her name be used
she told the Times that she felt
helpless because she didn't want to lose
her job and that she didn't report the
encounter at the time because she felt
ashamed at the time the woman told her
husband now ex-husband about the
encounter she also told a friend about a
five years ago which the friend also
confirms this is sort of verification
that they do but so this goes beyond
harassment it goes beyond implied
threats jokes which are bad enough by
themselves to actually using the implied
threat of a woman losing her career to
force a woman to have sex with you
according to the complaint look yes
I'm blown away by it I can't I I can't
believe how many men did this to women
they worked with so look there's some
things that have no ambiguity at all it
doesn't matter the the non so you fuck
marry kill you want to play that game
with your friends you people want to
joke around play it on Howard Stern
that's one thing man and nobody's
getting into your private life and hey
what you do in your living room with
your buddies right when you're doing it
with people you work with and they all
work with and you were joking around
about women you'd like to sleep with who
work under you not cool okay sleeping
with that woman and maybe Matt in his
mind and I don't know him at all right
thought oh no it was consensual and
didn't not realizing the enormous
pressure that he put her under okay even
if all right
so I'm not saying that that in any way
don't get me wrong right but I'm just
telling you about different perspectives
that maybe that's excuse he makes to
himself which doesn't just fight in not
even 1% but the part where you go here
lock the door lock the door
drop your pants here do this to me
there's no ambiguity there's no
ambiguity in there right
so it's amazing how much they abused
their parent these guys who on top of
the world you know how much money Matt
Lauer made he made 28 million dollars a
year that's what are you doing go go get
laid on your own time you idiot well and
why are you abusing those poor women not
working underneath you why are you doing
that but you know why it's a power it
must be a power thing maybe that we
don't understand because we're not that
powerful yeah right like they they must
enjoy the beauty putting putting people
in a position where they're forced to do
something yes yes whether its wine scene
or Lauer or oils or O'Reilly seems like
it's the same story over and over again
it's like the sex is almost incidental
to them it's the feeling of exertion of
power and it's hard to imagine with the
button under the table and these these
are these are what I've come out now
is anyone who'd be gonna be shocked if
tomorrow there's more not just of other
people but specifically of Matt Lauer
here again I don't know anything about
him I don't anything about the
allegations but it seems like the
beginning of a pattern okay guys no look
I'm the reason I go through all the
potential ambiguity is because some
people still think it's no big deal it's
no big deal no big deal dude there's a
button under his table to lock the door
there's there's no other explanation for
that I can guarantee there are no weird
buttons under this table yes there's the
your noise machine that's weird in
another way but it's not threatening
necessarily a lot of buttons on it
though I don't know what they all do oh
yeah I think it's weird I'm comfortable
with that use of that button you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
