this morning Donald Trump's retweets of
the Islamophobic videos by a xenophobic
British political party has been widely
condemned by a number of different
groups defended by others we're gonna
touch on both the first is by the office
of the UK prime minister Theresa May who
said it is wrong for the president to
have done this and says the UK citizens
overwhelmingly reject the prejudiced
rhetoric of the far-right and so that is
a good response obviously the effect as
we've been talking about of Britain
first and you know people who agree with
them in the UK is something that Theresa
May and others there are going to be
very focused on they're concerned about
the growth of that and they don't like
to see it being amplified by the US
president Theresa May is right-wing and
I she's the establishment basically in
the UK so I've got a lot of issues with
her but she's the she's the kind of
establishment that we used to know the
devil we knew which was saying saying
slowly crushing you with lower wages
like okay we know how to fight back
against that Donald Trump is a totally
different wild animal and he's like
let's you know one of the videos guys
not even Muslim yeah yeah so Theresa May
is forcing to a position where she has
to be the same moderate where she's like
wait we just want to make more money we
there's no reason to hate Muslims that's
weird
stop doing that yeah hey so now it makes
us go Oh way to go Theresa man yeah yeah
too much credit but I'm glad that she's
speaking out against yes especially
because as you know as a prominent
especially female politician there's
every chance there's gonna be 10 tweets
about her tomorrow morning so we'll see
about that
not yet so that's Theresa May but the
White House did put out a statement
because of people's problems with these
retweets so here is Sarah Huckabee
Sanders to lie to you whether it's it's
a real video the threat is real and that
is what the president is talking about
that's what the president is focused on
is dealing with those real threats and
those are real no matter how you look at
it
Vidia look i'm not talking about the
nature of the video i think you're
focusing on the wrong thing the threat
is real and that's what the president is
talking about is the need for national
security the need for military spending
and those are very real things there's
nothing fake about that I know that that
is her job and you know it's the same as
Sean Spicer
I hate press Secretary's cuz she knows
she is goddamn wrong she is lying the
video is fake it was known to be fake
before he retweeted it I'm not saying
well whether the video is real the
threat is real
so whether I'm spreading fake news or
not I really think it's important that
you hate Muslims so I can show you
whatever I want I can just put you know
a scene from True Lies or something and
maybe it didn't really happen but you
should be scared about these brown
people that's insanity is coming out of
the press the press secretary of the
White House now we've unfortunately
gotten to a point where we're going
circles and the reason is so the Trump
says Oh CN n MSNBC our fake news then he
literally literally puts out fake news
and then his press secretary says who
cares I don't care the videos are fake
the issue is real anyway what's the
issue
the issue is we should all be scared of
Muslims even though they didn't do some
of these things in the video so okay so
yes well there's one part that's true
which is the bigotry is real that you
hate Muslims is real that you
discriminate and our racist are Israel
and so there she's like well the videos
are fake but our racism is real yeah
right so we got that part but it doesn't
matter it's not gonna break through in
fact you know this will probably help
Trump with his voters of course yeah oh
who cares that it's fake we don't care
we don't care I like Trump we hate
Muslims we're done with it they don't
care and increasingly it doesn't matter
and so that's why even though this video
in a very real sense is less that this
video is being retweeted this topic that
we're talking about is is less
immediately bad than some of the other
things we're gonna talk about on the
show this almost pisses me off more
because we're in you know not even one
year into this
in dimensional chess of let's have let
the fascists take over the country for
for eight years and we'll see what
happens
thinking that that the only difference
between politicians and parties is where
they are in the spectrum between
progressive and conservative
it's an incredibly simplistic
unrealistic way of looking at the world
there are other important factors like
whether you have any respect whatsoever
for truth whether there is anything that
is verifiable about the world you can
have a discussion with someone who is
different than you on the political
spectrum so long as both of you have
some commitment to reality to the real
world - not telling blatant falsehoods
on a regular basis and when I see these
you know when we have the reaction to
the Pocahontas and she says it's not a
racial slur and then he puts out these
videos and they say the doesn't matter
if the videos are real or not I I
seriously don't know if we will ever
return to a point where what we say
matters that there are consequences for
what you say and that we'll be able to
actually have some sort of discourse as
a country between right and left between
parts of the right and parts of the left
nothing matters anymore and after four
years of this after eight years of this
will you be able to talk to anyone will
there be any persuasion left I
increasingly don't think that there will
be and look if you're on the side it
happens sometimes on the left
certainly more rare but it does but but
if mainly on the right overwhelmingly on
the right if you're on the side of I
don't care what facts are ok just it at
least own up to the fact that you're on
the lying side you're on the side filled
with falsehoods because because you
can't win an argument if you're in the
reality-based world so you have to
create an unreal world I mean you know
just what happened the other day with
gateway pundit and all the blogs and
spreading fake stories they don't care
that's what they do if you see a
right-wing website you can't trust
anything in it almost all the right wing
websites are filled to the room with
lies so if you're on that side ok I
guess your own up to it you just don't
like this planet so you'd like to be on
a different planet where you guys are
right but you're not it's
incredibly discouraging when our career
is just trying to to you know spread
information as you keep people all that
but but the goal is that hopefully you
can just appeal to a few people a
percent of the other side to try to
expand the boundaries of respect for
truth respect for human values these
progressive principles that we have and
to see the entire it's not even like
we're trying to get to the people it's
the floor is dissolving beneath us
everything is changing in horrific ways
and there are people like thinking that
this is just fun and games that we can
just do this for a while that everything
will be fine we'll let trump to have it
having president be the present for four
years for eight years and then we can
just go back to normal and you know
maybe we can have a conversation about
the minimum wage maybe we won't be able
to have any conversation this isn't
every time we have a production meeting
it is so goddamn scary thinking about
what the future will be like we've
always had problems both as a country
and you know when we are trying to put
together our show there's been no time
where things are great where things are
hunky-dory but we are in a terrible
place right now and it's I feel beset
from all sides by people who have no
respect for the truth no respect for
expertise no respect for any norms
whatsoever if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network comm /join
