this morning Donald Trump tweeted out
three extremely Islamophobic videos
posted to Twitter by a xenophobic
right-wing British political party we're
not going to show you the videos because
they're BS but we are going to show you
the tweets and then we're gonna give you
information about what exactly he was
spreading this morning let's look at
this first one you're gonna see their
video Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy
on crutches that really that really
sounds bad and obviously any violence
between people is bad but there's a bit
of a lie there in that the people doing
the actual arrests and there's
information about those people when they
arrested there's no reference to them
being Muslim or any religion whatsoever
actually Ashley Parker of the Washington
Post retitled it brunette Dutch boy
beats up blonde Dutch boy yeah yeah he's
not a migrant he's born there
he said no lie he's not Muslim or a
migrant yeah so I believe that's what
you call fake news
so Trump with all his stupid attacks
against the so called fake news he's the
guy who invented fake news he takes
credit for inventing the word fake but
it did actually his campaign and his
Russian friends ran fake news non-stop
before the election that's where the
term came from in the first place and
now here he is again retweeting videos
smearing Muslims about a guy attacking a
poor gay kid on crutches he that guy
actually did attack that kid on crutches
for pieces that are in unfathomable
right and it turns out not a Muslim not
a migrant Donald Trump's a liar and he
wants to spare Muslims because he hates
them and he's a bigot yeah now let's go
to the second tweet you see here it's
from a video of this guy destroying that
the Virgin Mary or whatever that
apparently did actually happen mm-hmm
it's believed to have happened the video
in Syria in 2013 so yes that guy did
destroy that little statue that's
terrible I would say probably ranks
pretty low on the degree of terribleness
of things happening in Syria back in
2013 let alone now it seems a bit odd
for the President of the United States
to tweet out that video
four years later way above nothing it
gets better
so it turns out that guy
is an auntie is part of a group that is
anti-assad backed by the US government
oops so that's one of our allies
destroying a Virgin Mary statute and by
the way I was told by a lot of folks
here in the right-wing and by the way
and appointed I actually totally agree
with and I've said many times on my own
that that Muslims are overly sensitive
about people drawing the Prophet
Mohammed because hey look if you're
Muslim you don't want to draw the
Prophet Mohammed god bless or Allah
bless that's up to you
but I'm not Muslim I can draw whatever I
like now I'm so sensitive about a troll
what did you do no statue how could you
do something your statue oh my god what
happened all of a sudden you're a
snowflake okay well why do you care
about the statue so - it sounds like
you're like one of those Muslim
fundamentalist who's like oh wait the
drawings the drawings right I want to
know the record i don't like statues
being smashed of any kind because the
art i think we should just leave it
alone i don't necessarily like all of it
yeah but there whatever it look if
you're a it's a monument of a
Confederate soldier who loved slavery
and do whatever the hell you want with
it okay in an orderly and civil way
religious statues I don't care I mean
well understand here if they're
historical artifacts then I hear ya like
what Alden did to historical artifacts
in Afghanistan was despicable yeah also
there's a distinction between don't
destroy it and put it in you know of
courtyard or something for the
government I don't necessarily think you
need to do that okay so oh by the way of
course Trump tweeted this because he
cares about you know these religious
artifacts and things being damaged which
is why I look forward to him showing
videos of the mosques and synagogues
that have been burned out bombed out and
shot up recently well that's probably
not gonna happen
oh right but that to be fair that didn't
happen four years ago or in another
country that's happening here by his
far-right buddies but somehow he's not
worried about it
it's weird maybe he doesn't want to
politicize securely for years you know
he's sending out this video issue you
know obviously doesn't like this Muslim
guy he's outraged by it well I don't
know if you know this you're the
President of the United States of
America you're the one funding his group
you want a foot pose funding no I just
want to like pretend that all Muslims
hate all Christians and
yeah wall Trump you're the head of the
government you're funding him okay
so if you got anyone to blame it's
yourself yeah and then we have this
third tweet this is probably the most
egregious one showing an Islamist mob
pushes teenage boy off roof and beats
him to death
so this apparently also did actually
happen they were I believe pro-morsi
demonstrators in Egypt again back in
2013 it did actually happen but it has
absolutely nothing to do with what
Donald Trump is doing right now and and
look to some extent some people might
say you're just you're focusing too much
on his tweets but I personally maybe I'm
still naive I think that when the
president the United States randomly
tweets out three videos purely to drive
anti-muslim sentiment that that's a bad
thing that we should probably worry
about it I'm not the only one I've read
a report that some of the lawyers
challenging his Muslim travel ban are
going to be using these tweets as
evidence of his implicit bias against
Muslims and imagine if you're a Muslim
American waking up this morning and
finding out that he just went and found
three videos trying to make Muslims look
bad junior in the production meeting
said this is like somebody going on
WorldStarHipHop and just finding you
know a video of like two people in the
inner city fighting and then saying look
at these african-americans he should be
scared of them don't you many ideas John
it's complete BS almost certainly what
Trump would also do yeah you might do
that yes so now look by the way the last
video let's be fair so first of all it
is horrific it's true they did throw
that kid off the roof okay
now and and this is what Donald Trump
and Bill Maher talk about all the time
which is hey we need moderate Muslims to
speak out against the fundamentalist
Muslims those are fundamentalist Muslims
that throw a poor kid off off their roof
we need accountability so now here's the
part of the story you didn't hear it
turns out the Egyptian government
captured the guys who threw the kid off
the roof and you know what they gave
them they gave him the death penalty
yeah how's that for accountability so
the guy you see in the video throwing
the kid off the roof was executed he's
already dead amidst a wave of other
arrests of people doing those sorts of
things oh I don't know how much faith I
necessarily have the legal process but
it seems like in this case they did the
right thing but the whole point
Donald Trump is all Muslims are bad so
I'll pretend that this guy in the first
video is Muslim what is that Muslim I
made it up I don't care because I just
want because I despise Muslims that I
want you all to hate them no matter what
they do the second video is a guy
basically Trump is funding okay and the
third video like haha but we'll do the
Muslims do anything about this yes yes
they did they gave the guy the death
penalty yeah so look the guy Cooper
Trump is a wild wild wild bigoted he's
so bigoted racist of the first order
there's no debate about it and you look
you take any other category here and you
replace the Muslims with it and it is
atrocious in any context now I have to
do this game because a lot of people in
America do hate Muslims most of the
right-wing does and so you have to play
these games because they're like Muslims
they don't count they're not real people
they're all evil and monsters etc yeah
so let's replace Muslim with okay
Christians let's say that they're in
fundamentalist Muslim country their
leaders are putting out propaganda
videos about Christians doing terrible
things we gotta go get the Christians
look at what they're doing yeah turns
out it wasn't even Christians doing it
right no like oh well no you can't do it
don't gotta protect Christians we have
to protect the Christians in Iraq right
and you would be right we should do uzd
we should have to protect the ECD now
take out Muslim and put another group
Jews if the president is sending a three
tweets about how bad the Jews are and it
turns out the first video isn't about
someone who is Jewish but he's like look
at the Jew doing this oh god that's
terrible
like recall that he has tweeted
anti-semantic things before yeah the
Star of David in it make global
financial elites and conspiracies yes no
look in the he said in Charlottesville
about neo-nazis that there are very fine
people among them of course he's also
anti-semitic oh but as you know his
daughter is Jewish he grew up an
anti-semite so his daughter having to
marry a Jewish guy and you know what the
Republican Jewish gathering you said you
know I like I like to negotiate and if
any room knows about renegotiating it's
this room what the hell is that
right he's such an unbelievable bigot
but we take this as like ho-hum oh yeah
he tax Muslims but come on really is
what a lot of right-wing and
unfortunately some some you know some of
the media treat it that way
when when if it was about any other
religious group people would be calling
for his resignation non-stop it wouldn't
work
but we just I don't want us to get used
to this monster as he is he's a monster
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
