our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt yesterday video
went viral featuring Donald Trump
speaking in front of the United Nations
General Assembly and it went viral for a
very specific reason let's take a look
today I stand before the United Nations
General Assembly to share the
extraordinary progress we've made in
less than two years my administration
has accomplished more than almost any
administration in the history of our
country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
yes so while Trump was bragging about
his so-called accomplishments the UN
General Council responded by laughing at
him now it's fascinating to see the way
his supporters have twisted this story
on the next day today
nikki Haley has decided to go on Fox
News and she has a completely different
narrative of what actually happened it's
incredible to take a look I know you
were in the room when the last happened
sometimes the media can portray it as
one thing and it's not that at all what
was it like and why would that reaction
the media's got this so wrong I deal
with these leaders every single day I
know exactly how they think do they love
America know do they respect America now
they do when he said that they loved how
honest he is and it's not diplomatic and
they find it funny I mean when he goes
and he is very truthful they kind of her
taken back by it and says to it they're
not used to it but let me tell you all
day yesterday they were falling over
themselves to get a picture with him to
talk about how great his speech was how
strong it was whether he said good
things about them or not they love that
he's honest with them and they've never
seen anything like it and so there's a
respect there it's I saw that the media
was trying to make it something
disrespectful that's not what it was
they loved to be with him what she just
said was funny because of how blatantly
not at all true or accurate it was much
like what happened with Donald Trump at
the UN it's funny when people say things
that are just so clearly the opposite of
actuality which is why people were
laughing what else could they even have
been laughing at so you make such a good
point and and by the way I want to add
something to the conversation that I
actually forgot to mention yesterday
when we originally covered the story
when Trump was bragging about his
accomplishments
remember on an international scale he
hasn't accomplished anything except
failures so he pulls out of the climate
Accord Paris climate Accord he destroys
the nuclear agreement with
Ron North Korea so far it looks like
there might be a little bit of progress
but so far they have not denuclearized
right so there are all these failures on
an international scale and when he was
bragging about his accomplishments he
was talking about tax cuts that's what
he was talking about it's time to talk
about what was happening on a domestic
level you're at that you're speaking in
front of the UN General Assembly you
have been a complete and utter failure
you have made enemies out of allies
longtime US allies that's why they're
laughing at you because you're a failure
and by the way domestic policies you
failed at that as well yeah no let's
break down what nikki Haley said she
said they laugh because they respect
them so much wait how does that add up
it's like oh there's Nelson Mandela what
how does that make any sense the second
theory she had was because they lie
because he's so honest really is that a
thing that Lakers won the other nine 89
to 80 no that's not being honest or
being respected does not leave the
laughter that makes no goddamn sense at
all
no yeah I'm a stand-up comedian I can
tell you that yeah honesty respect not
major factors for a crowd when it comes
to what laughing at material or just in
general but yeah I want to know if he
like believes this in his head though
now like that happened and at first he
was taken aback but then he was admitted
like oh man I'm funny too you know I'm
never just spreading the truth and
crushing with these jokes they love me
okay
well so that goes to this this next
point because he said today when Trump
was asked about it he told reporters
about the laughs quote oh it was great
well that was meant to get some laughter
but it was great but wait wait wait wait
wait called it absolutely yeah you were
right okay
it was meant to get some laughter then
why did you say as we just saw on the
tape didn't expect that reaction but
that's okay but he's so honest guys
he doesn't even have a the former North
Korean dictator claimed that he had no
anus so I mean and by now that he
doesn't know I'm a and when the North
Korean people laughed it was because
they knew he was so honest about not
writing anus yeah and that respect his
lack of like man much respect on the
newer yes literally the butt of the joke
and finally this is why people hate
politicians everybody knows why he left
even this Trump guys know why they
laughed they like and you might hate him
for it and you might not like that the
rest of the world laughed at your Dear
Leader and but they clearly laughed at
him because of the proposed a beauty be
a preposterous thing that he said not
because they greatly respected him you
know that's not a thing not because they
thought he my god he is so wonderfully
honest it is true guys isn't it true
that he's accomplished more in two years
than any other US president including
Lincoln and Roosevelt and Washington and
Jefferson in just two years isn't that
everybody agree at the UN everybody
agrees I also think that part of it was
that little so true he did yeah which is
you know that's a staple of his but that
one in particular the way it came out I
think to me it sounded like even he
didn't actually think that it was true
and that was like when he got the
biggest laugh was after he said that you
know like he wouldn't have been that bad
I don't think if he it was just like
murmurs of laughter but then he hit him
with the so true tag and just brought
the house down I love that you mentioned
the so true part because I don't know I
might be wrong but the way I interpreted
it was that he probably heard the
murmurs and then said so true cuz he
said it in America the press is like
okay we have to be neutral but we can't
no that's it hey maybe you did
accomplish more in two years than
Lincoln and Washington it maybe maybe
okay we have to be neutral right but the
rest of the world owes of no obligations
so they're like I they're like they
probably think we're not any students of
American history but we're pretty sure
you're not the greatest American
president ever
two years so when you had so true you
look like an idiot
that's gee I wonder if that's the actual
reason why they laugh okay and I gotta
say one other thing though because again
Trey great point if Trump as he's
claiming today meant it as a joke wait
are you saying it's a joke that you
accomplished more than anybody else in
two years that you were obviously
kidding because you're actually a
buffoon and have accomplished nothing
that's why you made the joke in front of
the United Nations saying how ridiculous
would it be for me to have accomplished
more in two years at any other US
president I was obviously kidding cuz I
haven't accomplished anything is that
the joke because if that's a joke fine
we accept it all right uh there's more I
have to go to the Kilmeade video because
it's amazing so let's take a look at
that I like the presidents I like his
comment I like the reaction and then
when he said I was expecting that
reaction
I like the winner who laughed there
towards I was surprised or should I say
not surprised but taken aback by the way
other people said all the world's
laughing at us I think they were having
fun well the president made a statement
that were on a roll that they always
saved that a good speakers in the room
you gotta react to us in the room so we
reacted what's in the room and they kind
of laughed with him afterwards on his
comment other was a good unscripted
moment in a very scripted situation and
I couldn't believe how people twisted it
they're just so embarrassing what I mean
yeah I don't there's no way that any of
them actually believes that's what
happened right or maybe they do I don't
know but like the amount of cognitive
dissonance to like convince themselves
that yeah that is what that actually was
is its unfathomable it's it is pretty
incredible how they will cheerlead with
him for him no matter what no matter
what mm-hmm
yeah Brian I got news for you your
leader is a laughingstock the whole
world laughed at him because he's a
buffoon who makes outlandish insane dr.
evil like statements like he wants a
claim he invented the word fake it's
like literally out of Austin Powers
wouldn't you guys said I I what was it
his father and
they invented the question mark so when
you do that in a situation where Fox
News has not brown beaten browbeaten
also maybe Freudian slip there that
might be true too but browbeating the
rest of the president of neutrality yes
that everybody else in the world laughs
because it's a preposterous ridiculous
thing to say that you're the greatest
guy ever or the greatest president this
idiot was claimed he had higher poll
numbers at Abraham Lincoln
there was no polling during Abraham
Lincoln son but what we laughed at that
we were showing him respect you know
little known fact about Honest Abe
hilarious right a civil war material
killed all the time respected and honest
too easy wasteful Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
