did you hear the one about the Nazi in
the New York Times there was an article
that ran in the Sunday Times it was
scheduled to go out in the sunday print
version of The Times it was called a
voice of hate in America's heartland it
was rich written by Richard Fossett it
went up online before that so before
they actually got to print the article
there was a huge backlash online and it
was intended to be a portrait of you
know one of those portraits of a person
who is a Nazi and he's living in in Ohio
and he's just the person next door and
it was supposed to you know reveal some
inner truth about how these people can
live alongside us and people had a
problem with it I tried to find one
passage that really exemplified what
folks found to be a little tone-deaf
here it is
he's the Nazi sympathizer next door
polite and low-key at a time the old
boundaries of accepted political
activity can see seem alarmingly in flux
most Americans would be disgusted and
baffled by his casually approving marks
about Hitler disdain for democracy and
belief that the races are better off
separate but his tattoos are innocuous
pop-culture references a slice of cherry
pie adorns one arm an O Maj to the TV
show Twin Peaks he says that he prefers
to spread the gospel of white
nationalism with satire he is a big
Seinfeld fan so it is juxtaposing these
descriptors of him with he's just a
normal person
there was a satirical version of this
article put up on the Atlantic that got
a lot of traction now this it's called
Nazis are just like you and me except
they're Nazis despite what you may have
read in the New York Times here is the
quote from that article kind of
satirically mimicking what you would
hear in this read and the rest of the
New York Times article it says the Jews
control all the money and the world
would be better off if they were dead he
says petting the dog who's a good boy
the question is rhetorical I asked about
the wallpaper so did you read this
article yeah so Bret I'm a little
conflicted on this one so should day he
have spent more time explaining the
neo-nazi stuff instead of how
a cat yeah and and that he likes sitcoms
etc yes on the other hand it feels like
the world is coming down on this
reporter for writing what I think is
still an interesting piece about how
they live among us mmm and and I think
that that's a thing worth writing about
and I'll tell you my own experience I
went to go visit a friend in West
Virginia who happens to be Jewish and
his wife is is not but he's living next
door to a guy who had a swastika on his
car as a bumper sticker and I I don't
remember if he had a flag outside of his
house that was a swastika but it was
like it was right there his next-door
neighbor and that was scary I saw help
because I grew up in places where like
New York Miami now LA where there's
plenty of Jews and Muslims and
Christians and blacks and whites and
Asians etcetera and multicultural in
West Virginia that ain't the case okay
and so when the guy puts up the Nazi
flag next to you or the bumper sticker
which one it was honestly and no one
objects that is frightening man you live
next to that guy every day so but it
turn and but and I didn't talk to to my
friend about this but it is kind of
fascinating that that same Nazi guy
thinks like Jerry Seinfeld what a funny
Jew from New York yeah I don't know if
he thinks of it in those terms Kramer
he's nutty I like him right
yeah so I think there's value in the
piece is that crazy I get it
here's a recline from Fox right the
problem with the time story isn't that
it's about a modern-day Nazi it's that
it doesn't offer any insight into
modern-day Nazis I think that's a fair
point I get it but I'm sorry did you
finish but but that's it I I I get it
that's that's the you know essentially
he says you could compare that to how
people said that trot that you know
Adolf Hitler loved music and he was into
art and it just can't I can't believe
that he would you know actually you know
you you juxtaposed that those two things
next to each other he said all
it's childish this late in human history
to be surprised that evil people are
also people and it's just it's not
enough I mean my thing is the most
disappointing thing about this New York
Times piece is it reads like a clueless
Vice piece if you you know it reads like
isn't it amazing he has its Seinfeld
tattoo
Annie watched Twin Peaks which I've read
is pretty hip like that's that's the
problem for with me and I'm sure that
the paren there if you look at this
article online it will tell you it
immediately after the title and before
the byline even it'll say there's been a
lot of backlash read what our editor
said read what the writer said the
editor said quote the point of the story
was not to normalize anything but to
describe the degree to which hate and
extremism have become far more normal in
American life than many of us want to
think it doesn't do a lot of
hand-holding in this and the writer
himself expressed frustration when he
tried to ask those questions that he
just never got us a satisfying answer
but rather than focusing on the lack of
a satisfying answer chose to just paint
this picture which ends up coming off to
most readers as I seems very normal to
me
yeah but he did mention too low some
opinions that he has so in my last quasi
defense of the article look so if it's
pedestrian to point out that Hitler was
a vegetarian are we not allowed to point
it out okay it's an interesting fact I
mean it's not determinative of anything
but it's interesting and that he liked
art and he liked musicals so I wouldn't
stop someone from pointing that out and
and finally I had David Duke on TYT
interviews and just letting them speak
is madness and crazy but still shows you
something like I did I thought he was
gonna be more racist he is actually way
more anti-semitic and it is a picture of
madness that interview so it's
fascinating in that sense and I'll leave
it at that
if you like this video bless your heart
we got a lot more where that came from
we do a full show every day Monday
through Friday come enjoy ad-free by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
