does Donald Trump think that the Access
Hollywood video of him saying grab her
by the you know was fake I'm not so sure
anymore because there was a New York
Times article that came out and it was
about Trump support for Roy Moore and it
said the following he sees the calls for
mr. Moore to step aside as a version of
the response to the now famous Access
Hollywood tape in which he boasted about
grabbing women's genitalia and the flood
of groping accusations against him that
followed soon after and then it adds he
suggested to a senator earlier this year
that it was not authentic and repeated
that claim to an advisor more recently
so what is happening that is strange you
I mean if you have if you don't remember
the original video watch it now I'm
sorry if you've scrubbed it out of your
head since then we're gonna put it back
in there but listen for anything you
think is inauthentic I'm gonna do some
touchbacks just in case is that kissing
her you know I'm automatically attracted
to beautiful I just start using them
it's like a magnet just I don't know any
when you're a star they let you do it
you can do anything whatever you want
grab them by the pussy every time I hear
that tape I get so embarrassed for Billy
Bush yeah like that's he comes off way
worse than Trump and Trump is admitting
to sexual assault and Billy Bush is like
yeah at one point where do you say right
because I've got it on here he's like
Lefou in Beauty and the Beast just like
Gaston you're the best no one fits like
you anyway
so he's on tape but the more amazing
part of their story is at the time after
the Access Hollywood tape came out Billy
Bush said it's surreal Donald Trump said
it's real and briefly apologized for it
yeah now he's turning around going no it
wasn't real we have the video of Donald
Trump's statement read obviously from
some kind of script
take a look I've never
I'm a perfect person nor pretended to be
someone that I'm not I've said and done
things I regret
and the words released today on this
more than a decade old video are one of
them I've said some foolish things but
there's a big difference between the
words and actions of other people Bill
Clinton has actually abused women and
Hillary has bullied attacked shamed and
intimidated his victims how can you turn
around now and say that it wasn't you on
the table unless you're psychotic or
like as you posited earlier the show on
another story Bret that that maybe maybe
he does or doesn't remember maybe he
doesn't remember the thing he said
yesterday let alone a year ago or he's
such a pathological liar and doesn't any
so stupid that he doesn't understand the
concept that he is always on tape that
these things are recorded I'm going with
pathological liar and shockingly stupid
right it's the pattern it's the same
pattern it's the same as a lot of people
are saying this no they are and it's
just you believe me well that doesn't
mean it's true you just want people to
believe you it's so transparent and it's
like it's like he's addicted to this
stuff not to belittle people with
addiction but he is it's just this
terrible and by pathology maybe it's
some kind of compulsive pattern he gets
into where rather than own up to things
he's done if just you ask him about
something and it sounds like you're
referring something in his past that's
terrible
he'll just say you know a lot of people
think that's fake and that's that's
wrong that is wrong to do well a lot of
people think it's fake except you
because you're on tape admitting it if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join
get the whole younger so every day
