this week Senate Republicans are
planning to hold a vote on their tax
reform bill now it's been a little bit
since we had a show so why don't we
check in and see what their chances are
of getting that passed there's a new CBO
report in addition there's been a few
more nonpartisan outside of the CBO
analyses of the likely effect of the tax
bill and it's just getting worse and
worse turns out it will ultimately raise
taxes by 2027 on more than half the
country this tax cut bill will raise
taxes on half of you at the very least
watching this video possibly more
specifically by 2019 Americans earning
less than $30,000 a year would be worse
off after this bill than if you didn't
have it at all remember there's a tax
cut bill by 2021 if you're under 40,000
you'd be net losers and by 2027 it rises
all the way to $75,000 a year so if you
make more than that you might at least
break even for a while the country will
probably end up going bankrupt but
you'll be okay for a bit if however you
make as much as the vast majority of
this country does you're gonna be
screwed in just a few years however no
millionaires in those earning 100,000 to
500,000 would be big beneficiaries
according to the CBO's calculations so
yeah I wasn't really doubting that from
the beginning though this is amazing
this is the most literal wealth
redistribution I have ever seen in my
lifetime of covering politics yeah
but they are redistributing the wealth
from the poor in the middle class to the
top it's amazing it's the most brazen
thing I've ever seen and that's why by
the way the stock market is booming
among the reasons why and why a lot of
the corporate CEOs backers etc have not
backed away from Trump it doesn't matter
if you thought there was some good
people on the neo-nazi side it doesn't
matter all the terrible things he's done
his obvious over-the-top incompetence
nothing matters they're like oh yes for
all the middle class give me their money
give her their money I want to
redistribute wealth so you won't talk
about class warfare this is class
warfare so right from the beginning
analysts said that a third of the middle
class would immediately get tax
increases and by the way I should
apologize they always call the tax
reform and
said look call what it is it isn't tax
performance tax cuts it's tax cuts for
the rich but and by the way eighty
percent of the cuts goes to the top one
percent 80 percent of the cuts to the
top one percent okay but it turns out it
was wrong
it isn't just tax cuts there's also tax
increases so it could fairly be called
tax reform or just wealth redistribution
so now that the tax this is the way that
it works mainly it's corporations that
are getting a tax cut from thirty five
to twenty percent or if you're on a
business that's a pass-through business
like Donald Trump does you're getting a
massive tax cut if you are already a
multi millionaire or a billionaire
you're getting a gigantic tax cut in
their state taxes etc in order to pay
for that even before you get into deep
cuts they're gonna have to make later
into Social Security Medicare Medicaid
etcetera well what are you gonna do well
number one you're gonna run up a giant
deficit so it is at a minimum one and a
half trillion dollars they're gonna add
there's less debt servicing and oh and
all it so if you're and the Republicans
admit that so from now on if you're a
Republican and you like this plan you
are never ever allowed to say that
you're for balanced budgets cuz you're
not you you don't like balanced budgets
as long as you're the one getting the
wealth redistribution you're terrible
about Obama phones this is Trump yachts
to the rich into the corporation so yes
probably have phones to be fair yeah
so they admit you're Eddie won't have
trillion dollars to the deficit and they
don't care they never cared about the
deficit never it was always to serve
their rich donors now say nearly once
you get past ten years it States at all
a third of the middle class getting tax
increases to pay for the tax cuts for
the rich not nearly enough after the ten
years everyone almost everyone under
$75,000 is John just explained you
everyone under $75,000 your taxes go up
your income and your services go down so
you have to bear the burden of all the
corporate tax cuts and the tax cuts for
the billionaires it's insane
this is the this is the greatest robbery
in American history
yeah and and so if you want to if you're
one of those folks whether you're by the
way if you're on the right or the left
and you thought the system was rigged
well this is exactly how it's rigged
they have private financing of Elections
and then the politicians work for the
people who finance their election which
are private interests is you finance
their elections No so they don't work
for you
they work for the people who sign their
checks so they go okay thank you very
much for all those donations now here's
the goodies that you want trillions of
dollars where we're gonna get it from
we're can get from the idiots who think
we have a democracy and then we'll turn
around go what Rick how what do you mean
what do you mean oh those people saying
that that the politicians might work for
their donors well we don't allow them on
TV we never talk about it on TV because
some of the money goes to TV so this is
how it's rigged and this is how they
will rob you blind this is why we need a
revolution a political revolution gives
as long as they keep working for their
donors they're gonna keep on robbing you
this is just the most spectacular case
of it if you like this video you'll love
the whole TYT Network check it out at
TYT Network comm slash join
