as of this week the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau now has a new head but
I can't really tell you who it is
depends on who you talk to it's
complicated situation director Richard
Cordray who was appointed by President
Obama as the first person to run the
agency resigned effective last Friday
and then some complicated shenanigans
began President Donald Trump said that
Office of Management and Budget director
Mick Mulvaney will be in charge in the
interim until a formal director is
appointed but before leaving Cordray who
just resigned designated deputy director
Leandre English to fill his spot until a
permanent replacement is nominated and
confirmed that as of this morning at
least both were saying they were
functioning as the head of the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau now what's
interesting is a senator who's sort of
an expert on this organization said that
there really shouldn't be any
complicated ideas of who's in charge of
it if we could bring this up you're
gonna see a tweet here the dodd-frank
act is clear if there's a CFPB director
vacancy the deputy director becomes
Acting Director and we highlighted that
section right there that says they serve
as acting director in the absence or
unavailability of the director that
director has been absent since Friday
and so Senator Warren there has a very
good point but it's weird the timeline
if you bring up this next graphic you're
gonna see that they're they're having
sort of a game of Thrones style back and
forth where Mulvaney comes in says he's
hard at work as a photo of him with
doughnuts Dunkin Donuts which is a good
choice I like those breed Leandre
English is still signing emails as the
acting director then several hours later
Mulvaney tells them to not listen to her
and then there's a lawsuit to figure out
who is actually in charge of this and
for reasons we're gonna get into based
on both an interview with Senator Warren
but also the results of an investigation
by TYT investigates it really matters
which of these two is in charge of that
organization
I believe the Lannisters are going to
come out on top you think so yeah
because they always pay their debts and
he has a Consumer Financial Protection
they always reduce your debts if only or
so okay so first of all this is a man
second of all the answer I think is
relatively clear and then how get
supplied is totally unclear so the the
law that the Trump administration is
using to justify Mulvaney as the acting
director says that the president gets to
fill vacancies at the executive branch
so part that makes sense from the Trump
point of view unless there is a law
saying how that vacancy would normally
be filled now in the case of the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
there is a very clear law Frank law that
says if the Acting Director
if the director steps down the the
deputy director will become the Acting
Director so so simple that we just fit
it in that little tweet that's right so
the law that Trump is relying on does is
not relevant because that law says if
there is no law saying who will be the
director then you can appoint it but in
this case there is a law saying movie
the director it's a thought Frank
legislation which clearly says the
deputy director will be the Acting
Director so I think a court could take
about 30 seconds to decide this now the
application though is wildly complicated
because if you're sitting in the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
today as the two different Kings have
shown up right ones the Lannister and
one is Dornish is dark anyway well then
you go to your own legal counsel and the
legal counsel has to decide who's
actually the Acting Director the problem
is that the legal counsel is taking
their memo from the Justice Department
the guy who wrote the memo at the
Justice Department saying that moaning
should be in charge it's a guy who was
just working for a payday lender yeah
that was being that was assessed to fine
by the Consumer Financial Protection
we're a little bit more on that right so
the Trump swamp has decided that the guy
who was just getting paid by the people
that the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau was investigating should decide
that it should be Mulvaney who would
like to literally destroy the department
altogether he co-sponsored legislation
to eliminate the department to destroy
completely it sounds like what you're
saying is that the king has just died
and now Cersei and the Starks want power
who will the city watch go with probably
the payday lenders blender that pays
them each a guess would be a little
finger in this case yes I was gonna say
little finger in the beginning there you
go and so why why is it so important to
Trump and to payday lenders that they
get Mulvaney instead of this other
person well there's good reasons for
that now we've got some information
coming out of an article released today
by T whitey investigates which is on the
website you can see and it'll be linked
in the description over the course of
Mulvaney's for congressional runs from
2009 through 2016 Bank of America the
America American Bankers Association and
the credit union Association gave those
sums of money to Mulvaney and so that's
worrying since this is an organization
that's supposed to provide a check on
the rampant power of banks you know that
the sort of crash that they instituted
that was the cause of the the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau being
developed in the first place but more
specifically here in 2016
group us grupo Salinas which owns the
largest payday loan chain in the country
Advance America contributed $5,000 to
Mulvaney's campaign last month the CFPB
introduced new strict regulations on
payday loan practices prompting Advance
America spokesmen to call on Trump to
intercede which apparently he is going
to do in fact as you pointed out even
directly with having a person who worked
for them being the one who's sort of
making the call on who gets to lead this
group until a new permanent director is
put into place so let's pause there to
see how swampy that is so reviewing this
payday lender gets a notice from the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau we
are going to protect consumers from you
they are huge political donors they turn
to all the people do they have donated
to including the Trump administration
and make Mulvaney and they say intercede
on our behalf
do not let them protect consumers from
us yeah and the Trump administration
goes well no problem
I'll get the I'll put the guy who you
gave money to Mulvaney
as the head of the group and he wants to
destroy the group so he will destroy all
regulations that might protect consumers
from you okay
so I'll put more veining charts and then
I'll put the guy who's making the
decision as to who the Acting Director
is as someone who just worked for you
yeah so York
paid off enough people inside the
government that don't worry you will get
to rob consumers just like you were
planning to before this meddlesome group
within the government meant to protect
the citizens actually protects those
citizens this is swap 101 yeah you had
Trump over the weekend tweeting about
how badly they needed reform at this
organization saying that it wasn't
working right for banks every other part
of the government works for the bank's
this is the one part that's is supposed
to work for us and in general terms of
course you know it's done great things
over the past six or so years in helping
to relieve people of unnecessary and
contested debts recover money for
organizations and banks that broke the
law in various ways lots of stuff like
that but specifically here we're not
just talking about banks which love to
take advantage of the people with the
least power in this country we're
talking about payday lenders which are
the people that even banks don't want to
be in the room with that are
specifically designed to steal every
last cent from people who do not have a
cent to have stolen from them and that's
the group that they are fighting after
just a few extra regulations a few
protections for people like you they're
going to throw the Constitution in the
trash so that they can get their way
Elizabeth Warren by the way was
interviewed about some of this said that
a dodd-frank is quite specific it
provides own succession planning there
is no vacancy for President Trump to
fill and then had some thoughts on the
two dueling heads of the organization
saying Leandra English has been at CFB P
from the beginning and keeping her would
give the American people a chance to
look at this agency one more time and
see how hard it fights on behalf of
consumers so that's English ful what
about Mulvaney she said the agency will
be headed by someone who fundamentally
doesn't believe in its mission this
would change every calculation that
every giant bank makes in the executive
suite when deciding just how close to
breaking the law they want to come if
the cop is pulled off the beat then the
profits from cheating people look far
more attractive to the banking
executives and I love that t/o IG
investigates is looking into the donors
and has that I mean that definitely
cause for concern a financial conflict
of interest in the case of Mick Mulvaney
but as you alluded to earlier in this
tickler case I'm not sure that we
necessarily need it quite as much
because this is a guy who was called
this organization a sad sick joke then
today said that that's not fair he was
misquoted what he actually said is it's
a joke in a sick sad kind of way
which I'm not sure is actually better
and as you said in 2015 co-sponsored
legislation to literally eliminate it
entirely and said quote I don't like the
fact that CFPB exists now I think that's
pretty clear right pretty clear it's
putting the bank robber in charge of the
bank and and so now it's funny because
they've got 12 billion dollars in
reasons as to why to do it and this is
just what's happened in the past let
alone the future it has so far the
Consumer Financial Protection bureaus
handled more than 1.2 million consumer
complaints so that's you guys saying hey
I think my bank might have ripped me off
now what do they do next they don't just
take your word for it and then just
throw money at you know they do an
investigation and a lot of those
complaints or sometimes are not merited
sometimes they're too hard to adjudicate
and etc but some of them are legitimate
in fact a lot of them are legitimate and
once they've gone through that they then
have to deal with the army of lawyers of
the banks throw at them and after all
that is through they returned twelve
billion dollars to American citizens
that the banks had clearly indisputably
even their lawyers that say oh okay
let's pay this one back okay twelve
billion dollars that they had taken from
you and put into banking executives
pockets now the people in New York and
Washington in the elites they wonder why
regular Americans don't like bankers
they're always like so surprised why in
the cocktail circuit I've got a lot of
great banking friends and the reality is
of course you need banks and of course
there are plenty of great people who
work in financial institutions but yes
there are also there are also people who
ripped off Americans to the tune of at
least twelve billion dollars which this
agency got back for the American people
so the banks hate this agency because
they want to be able to rip you off
not every bank not every executive not
remotely but a lot of them and also and
it's really
or to point out you sort of did already
that they recovered the twelve billion
dollars but think about what Elizabeth
Warren said about the the effect on
behavior twelve billion dollars is what
they still stole and the organization
was able to get back but what about the
fact that that organization existing its
investigations existing changing bank
behavior so that they don't steal tons
of other money it might be far far more
than the twelve billion dollars that's
right and Trump ran against the global
financial elites he mentioned them in
one ad after another now you want to
talk about a sick sad joke that's the
unfortunately not only the Trump
campaign but I gotta be honest with you
the joke is on the Trump voters so he
told you was gonna drain the swamp and
it was against the financial elites now
he turns around and in his tweet he said
quote financial institutions have been
devastated the poor financial
institutions that he ran his whole
campaign against he's now heartbroken
over how the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau has actually regulated
them and been effective cops somewhat
effective cops against them he says the
poor banks the poor breaks let me bring
in Mick Mulvaney who I know wants to
destroy this on behalf of his banker
donors to go ahead and destroy it and
right now technically I can't make him
the Acting Director who cares what are
we in a democracy I don't give a damn
about the law I'm gonna get another
corrupt guy the Department of Justice
just do an opinion saying sure we can
now look it's gonna go to the courts and
you're gonna see uh we're gonna be
proven right because the law is actually
exceedingly clear yeah even if you're
went in front of Republican judges I
would be shocked if they weren't like
come on man it says right there yeah
unless there is a law saying how the
director is picked and there is a law
saying how to direct respect you don't
have any authority here but by the time
that they've done that mohini will have
you know cause chaos at the agency
completely debilitated it and lettuce
banker friends run wild and not the good
bankers but the ones that intend to do
harm and that don't want any cops on the
street so that's who Trump is that's who
Mulvaney is and right now they're
letting their the
bad bankers walk into the back of the
bank with huge duffel bags going Oh
payday maybe time for us to go back to
work
robbing American taxpayers and that's
what they're gonna do if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
