the FCC has unveiled its plans and
efforts to scale back net neutrality in
fact they are completely getting rid of
the 2015 regulations that would
essentially force internet service
providers to treat every website equally
and as a result these internet service
providers are now free to experiment
with internet speeds on various websites
as they please
now there's another component to this
that's relevant and it is the effort to
block individual states from regulating
the internet internet service providers
want to avoid a repeat of what happened
this year on broadband privacy when
nearly two dozen states 22 of them
proposed legislation to replace an obama
FCC regulation that Congress revoked
now PI's restoring Internet freedom
order says that state and local
regulations attempting to regulate
broadband in ways that run counter to
the federal rules would be pre-emptive
so if you're wondering how this would
work in practice it's actually pretty
simple if a state attempt to impose its
own net neutrality law and a company
objects to the FCC the agency could
issue a ruling that could be used in a
court battle now this entire case is
likely to go to the courts the FCC's
decision will be challenged and I hope
it'll be challenged aggressively but
what PI is doing right now is a complete
and utter disaster if you do believe in
a free and open Internet so let's dive
in here so first the fact that PI calls
it restoring Internet freedom is
grotesque its Orwellian and what he's
saying is well Obama put in place a
regulation that sounds so scary and
what's oh wait wait what does the
regulation do he says I live
micromanages the internet really we're
all on the internet you're on the
internet doesn't matter if you're right
we're gonna left-wing has it been
micromanagement no no in reality that
what the quote unquote regulation did
was is set a rule a government rule
saying that the corporations that
control the pipes into your homes
cannot regulate the Internet they cannot
choose winners and losers slow down or
speed up different websites based on
their corporate interests it said the
internet must be free and equal to
everyone it doesn't matter what your
political positions are so he is
purposely lying about it in order to
serve the people that he worked for
before he worked for a Verizon he'll
work for those corporations again and it
yes it's about as financial assist but I
want you to understand something this is
really important because I did a story
on this yesterday and I read some of the
comments and you should be furious about
it but some people want to do something
to occupy that's that's nuts
that's you have to understand budget
pine is a he's a butler he's a waiter
he's a servant okay so getting all angry
at argit pi is getting mad at the guy a
busboy that cleans your table he's a
symptom of this corrupt system yes yeah
so and in his mind he's right like what
what I mean a Verizon gave you all his
money and then I came here I got such a
nice position and I like three visas and
it's fine I just gonna take away your
freedom on the internet and then call it
freedom but he's getting paid to do that
so it would actually be angry about is
the system that allows for this kind of
systemic corruption and and it happens
in this case it happens to be
Republicans it does happen on the
Democratic level as we just explained
another story we did about banking but
here all the Republicans and America's
are tax reform for example Grover
Norquist those are the guys who want tax
cuts for the rich and deregulation for
the rich and for corporations they love
this ruling
they're like bravo pie excellent freedom
that you've given people wink in other
words we now get to set the rules and so
that's a really important thing I need
to explain you what do regulations means
what does it mean it just means rules if
you get rid of so-called wrecked
government regulations does that mean
there are no rules there's just anarchy
no what the Republicans are doing in
this case and what they do in a lot of
cases is they just transfer the
rulemaking authority from the government
to private corporations in this
case the government said you're not
allowed to mess with the internet and
that's why as you've seen in these years
they haven't messed with the internet
and all the websites work to say right
now what a Jat pie is proposing is and
the Republicans are proposing here is no
we now let the corporation's make the
rules so the government which ostensibly
works for the public interest and us
theoretically right not allowed to set
the rules private corporations whose
only interest is to maximize their own
profits now get to set the rules
so then Verizon Comcast AT&T can come in
and go okay great now the new rules are
my websites work really well and yours
don't and if you offend my corporate
interests my advertisers my consumers
I'll either you know completely block
your website because if I slow it down
enough none of the videos will work
right it won't eat you want most people
won't be able to load the articles you
won't be able to see the website at all
in effect now if you're a right winger
why would you know hey the Republicans
who claim to be my representatives are
on this side you they should be this is
an excellent example of how they lie to
you and they're not at all on your side
they're on the side of their donors so
in in this case the Republicans get paid
by those companies to do their bidding
okay but in reality they it's not like
they mind the regulation they know the
corporations are gonna put regulations
in and so why would the corporation's be
against the right wing here so for a lot
of the right wing they think Muslims are
the problem right all we need to profile
them they're uniquely dangerous etc you
know who doesn't agree multinational
corporations you know why and this is a
up in my opinion there's a great thing
about corporations but I know the right
wing won't agree because there's 1.6
billion Muslims in the world those are
their consumers they don't want you to
offend those Muslims so if you start
saying thing against Muslims oh look at
that
mmm your website got slowed down because
you were costing me money yeah oh you're
gonna say things against Latinos I
haven't done the math on it but around a
billion Latinos or so right oh your
website's really slow what can I do
oh I want to be able to bring in
immigrants for cheap labor you're
opposed to that Oh your web sites so
whoa so slow sorry about that if you
allow private corporations to set the
rules they will set the rules obviously
anyone with a half a brain knows this
they will set it for their own interests
not for your no no jank but the free
market will decide the free market that
by the way there is exactly so in order
to have a fully functioning free market
you need access to information you need
an informed public that knows what's
going on and where do you think people
are getting their information from right
now in some regard it's kind of scary
with all the fake stuff that's out there
but the Internet has democratized
information where you don't have to go
to an Ivy League school to educate
yourself you have every fact every every
bit of info you want to know at your
fingertips and if you have multinational
corporations in charge of what you can
and can't see that's a really dangerous
place to live in especially when you
consider the fact that we're already so
incredibly divided as a country I see
this is making things a lot worse you
need the internet just like you need
colleges to be a free marketplace of
ideas okay and right now I'm really
concerned that these giant Internet
service providers many of which are
media conglomerates as well right like
they own a bunch of media will now
decide like do you only get to see
certain things you only get to be
informed by our perspective and anything
that disagrees with our perspective will
be slowed down to the point where it's
inaccessible it's just a disaster if
you're a progressive you should hate
this because it's actually against
freedom and the Internet is one thing we
could use to fight back against the
establishment if you're a right winger
you should hate it more to be honest
because Verizon owns Huffington Post and
they own AOL and they own Yahoo and 18
he's gonna bite time one or they're
trying to buy time wonder which has CNN
etc they're willing to make deals with
those outlets because they don't offend
their customers and their consumers they
don't have any deals with Breitbart cuz
Breitbart offends their consumers day in
and day out right you guys are the first
to go
okay and so when they come for you I
will actually defend you and that is
what we're doing right because
they will come for everyone because
their goal is not for happiness of
freedom and unicorns their goal is
maximize profit for their own interests
and and again unguent pie is not the guy
to get super angry about and say you're
gonna do terrible thing so that's a bad
bad terrible idea
yes go to the FCC December 14th yes
protests go every day to protest use
political means to protest here I'll
give you the address again let's go to
graphics 30 through 31 Federal
Communications Commission is at 4:45 12
Street Southwest you should stop by at
all times for God's sake be civil you be
forceful in your political protest but
be civil call them 188 call 1 888 call
FCC and then algid PI's email is
actually on the website that's where we
got it a GTI at FCC gov they by the way
they got 22 million comments on this
rule they never tell us which way those
comments went almost all of them were
against this rule from the right wing
the left wing and the middle wing right
well they're like oh we got 22 million
comments and then we threw them in the
garbage how many of them were against
this rule I'm not gonna tell you cuz
it's really a Berra thing and finally
last thing why did the Obama era rules
and they make it sounds here oh right
way it's okay I'm on your side said
Obama you're a rule that's so scary
why did it choose to regulate the
Internet service service providers as a
utility because they wanted to make sure
that those guys couldn't put these rules
in a place so think about it this way
there's one pipe going into your house a
public utility like electricity or water
if the government doesn't regulate it
they go oh you were paying eighty
dollars for your water it's now a
thousand dollars a month but wait a
minute I can't that'll squeeze
everything else out I'll have to be
basically working for the water company
that's right it's the only pipe going
into your house do you want water don't
you want water oh you're thirsty aren't
you a thousand dollars that's what the
government has to say no no you're the
only pipe going in you can't charge a
thousand dollars you're giving them some
ideas with our walk
oh and then electricity oh you'd like
electricity oh you'd like heating in the
winter so you don't die he used to be
$65 it's now $2,000 and then you know
libertarians will say well if they
charge that most people will die well
first of all examine that centers for a
second yeah okay and then they will
realize not to use that electric company
they don't have a choice that's the only
electric company and what will and the
electric company won't set it to $2,000
it will set it at exactly the price at
which you will be crushed but can barely
pay it because they will maximize
profits and like those companies there's
only one pipe going into your house with
with the internet and in almost no
choice across the country it's basically
a monopoly in almost every market okay
and so if the government says hey have
at it Hoss whichever internet providers
giving you that one pipe they go great I
got the consumers where exactly where I
want them captured and at my disposal
and I've got all the websites and
everybody else going on the Internet
also at my mercy thank you very much
government for letting me set the rules
for only my benefit and so that's what I
did by the FCC and the Republicans are
doing today and that's the reality if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
