recently the Senate unveiled their plan
for so-called tax reform which of course
is just tax cuts mostly for the wealthy
and in their proposal they included a
repeal for the affordable care act now
the repeal would specifically target the
mandate that helps to you know keep the
premiums low and it mandates that
everyone regardless of your health would
have to buy insurance otherwise you
would face a tax penalty when you do
file for taxes well Lisa Murkowski
senator Lisa Murkowski has written an
op-ed in response to this Senate
proposal as you know Murkowski was
opposed to efforts to repeal the
affordable care act so understandably
people were wondering whether or not
Murkowski was in favor of this new
proposal by the senate and it seems as
though she is in favor she wrote the
following I have always supported the
freedom to choose I believe that the
federal government should not force
anyone to buy something they do not wish
to buy in order to avoid being taxed now
this is problematic especially when you
consider the fact that the Senate
doesn't need much in terms of votes in
order to pass their proposals but here
is a little bit of good news Senator Ron
Wyden I'm sorry Senator Ron Johnson
Republican from Wisconsin opposes the
bill saying that it disadvantages small
businesses and Senator Susan Collins for
Maine has said that the bill needs to be
changed so there is disagreement on the
Republican side in regard to this
proposal but it's interesting that Lisa
Murkowski says she's in favor of
repealing the mandate because even
though the mandate is unpopular it is
the one component of the Affordable Care
Act that kind of not kind of it does it
keeps the premiums lower you get rid of
that healthy people won't buy into the
insurance they won't be subsidizing the
older and sicker individuals and their
premiums will go up now I know that Paul
Ryan knows and understand insurance the
Republicans don't or they pretend not to
I think actually Paul Ryan's stupid
enough that he doesn't actually
understand it and they'll say well
in the Oh shouldn't subsidize the poor
but they don't you don't know when
you're gonna get sick that's the whole
point of insurance and you could be 24
years old and you think well I don't
need insurance and I don't want to buy
into it and it's true that 64 year olds
on average get more sick than see 24
year olds except oops you don't have
insurance and then you got sick what are
we gonna do let you die and their
problem to say you have bootstraps haha
tricked you made you get off of
insurance tells you you didn't need a
mandate now you're got cancer and you
don't have insurance I guess your answer
hey you got emergency room so you'll
have some peace and comfort in an
emergency room waiting room right before
you die because you're not allowed to
get treatment because you don't have
insurance the way that assurance works
is that we all subsidize each other in
case we get sick and so now on a
national level not the local level but
that the national level
never trust a Republican so Lisa
Murkowski oh yeah no no I've got issues
with this thing but I'm secretly I'm
gonna work behind the scenes to see how
much you know the different you know
goodies that they're gonna give me so
that later I could turn around and and
go against this and say things like oh
the government should never demand that
anyone buy insurance how outrageous
really the government demands that we
buy car insurance you literally cannot
drive a car if you don't have conscious
you will be arrested you'll be arrested
if you're driving without car insurance
why because people who don't get an
accident subsidize the people who do get
an accidents and if you wait till after
an accident you get insurance well then
it doesn't work that way that's why we
have to buy the cars sure it's ahead of
time what if somebody who has no money
the plows into your family and oops
there's no insurance sad day for you you
know your loved ones are hurt and
nobody's gonna pay for them that's why
car insurance is mandated but finally
look Obamacare is too complicated it's
oh the mandate this and then that
requires this and the state regulation
that Medicare for all Medicare has a 77
percent approval rating you know why cuz
it works right so let us all into
Medicare problem solve and then if you
want to buy private insurance on top of
that have at it Hoss but at least we're
all covered and we don't all have to
panic that at any point our
love one can die because they didn't
have insurance right exactly and and you
know people would still have access to
insurance which is the argument that you
hear on the right over and over again
but access for them just means it's
available to buy if you can afford it
but again if the younger healthier
individuals aren't helping to subsidize
insurance for older sick or adults well
the likelihood is that their premiums
will be so expensive and unaffordable
that they won't even be able to to
purchase it so access it means two
completely different things based on
where you're having a conversation with
talking to sincere people then access
means affordable health coverage that
people can can afford right and in this
case at two republicans accesses it's
there it's really expensive but it's
there you can access it
yeah no no it's such a stupid rhetorical
trick hey guess what guys
congratulations you all have access to
Ferraris and Bentley's you have access
to them you can go buy them if you have
the money
access the Ferraris acceptable for and
available to everyone it's preposterous
we're the only developed country that
lets people die in the streets that
doesn't have universal health care
coverage when they say it's not
practical they mean it's not practical
for insurance companies drug makers and
the privatized corporations that have
taken over our government it's practical
for every other developed country yes of
course everybody should have insurance
and if you want more on top of that
great and I'll say one last thing they
say oh man Oh in those countries you
have to wait on long lines first of all
that's nonsense it's been debunked a
thousand times over but guess who else
has to wait on lines we have private
insurance does that mean it's super
convenient and easy no it takes me two
months to get an appointment for a
checkup
oh I have private insurance I should be
super fast that's not how it works all
the Republicans want to do is take
decision-making away from the public
interest and give it to private
interests so they say oh it's okay the
government didn't make you wait online
Oh private corporations made you eight
online
corporations made you pay a ton of money
private corporations at all of it so you
know what those same problems that you
have it's okay because we're now calling
it freedom if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
