a group of tourists in Kazakhstan were
arrested after they wore the so called
mankini that Borat wore in his 2006
movie now it's the Banana Boat mankini
thing okay there's a picture I apologize
if it makes you uncomfortable it
probably should have warned you but
either way that was just a funny part of
the Borat film and people who go and do
tourism in Kazakhstan think it's funny
to wear the mankini except police in
Kazakhstan do not find it funny and they
have decided to arrest this group of
tourists who were seen on the beach
wearing pretty much the exact same thing
including the Borat afro now Sacha Baron
Cohen who is of course the personality
behind Borat is saying that he will pay
for the fines that these individuals
have been given as a result of what they
were wearing to my Czech mates who were
arrested send me your details and prove
that it was you and I'll pay your fine
it's it's interesting though because
that movie led to a tenfold increase of
tourism in Kazakhstan but Kazakhstan
hates the movie they've banned it
they've banned the DVD sales people are
really sensitive about it it's it's kind
of amazing now unfortunately in a lot of
parts of the world the leadership of
these countries are way overly sensitive
again our Diwan and Turkey is raging
about some European country because
somebody like drew a mustache on them or
something I don't remember the exact
details but you have greatly offended me
and not a Turk maybe and and again in
Turkey they the national sport is oil
wrestling yeah but when a gay people
from around the world started showing up
to oil guys oil wrestling
they're like how dare you and they
cancel their own national sport okay for
a while they wouldn't allow it now it's
back it's insane just take the tenfold
increase in tourism and call it a day
that's a wonderful thing yes yeah have
some fun man by the way one person said
the following in regard to the mankini
they should have a criminal charge for
insulting the honour of the nation Wow
calm down with your honor
okay and anytime anybody's talking about
honor
for the hills they're about to do
something terrible if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
