so I do want to go to the reaction of
his former co-host Gayle King and Norah
O'Donnell they addressed the Charlie
Rose allegations on the show today CBS
this morning to be specific let's take a
look at the first video I got an hour
and 42 minutes to sleep last night both
my son and my daughter called me Oprah
called me and said are you okay I am NOT
okay after reading that article in the
post it was deeply disturbing troubling
and painful for me to read that said I
think we have to make this matter to
women the women that was spoken up the
women who have not spoken up because
they were afraid I'm hoping that now
they will take the step to speak out to
that this becomes a moment of truth
so that was Gayle King and she was
understandably and justifiably upset and
disturbed by you know the allegations
that came forward now Norah Oh Donald
also said something and I wanted to go
to her statement so let's take a look at
that this is a moment the demands a
frank and honest assessment about where
we stand and more generally the safety
of women let me be very clear there is
no excuse for this alleged behavior it
is systematic and pervasive and I've
been doing a lot of listening and I'm
going to continue to do that this I know
is true
women cannot achieve equality in the
workplace or in society until there is a
reckoning and a taking of responsibility
I'm really proud to work at CBS News
there are so many incredible people here
especially on this show all of you here
this will be investigated this has to
end this behavior is wrong period so a
lot of strong statements coming from his
former co-host which is good yes I dare
put in a terribly awkward position and
it's not on them it's on Charlie Rose
who did all this and and unfortunately a
it's it's true or what people say which
is that since he was quote-unquote
successful and powerful and I know a lot
of people who love Charlie Rose
I'm not one of them I think he does
pedestrian interviews and everybody
always says he's like all the legendary
Charlie Rose
he asked very normal questions anyway
but that's that's not important but
people put him up on a pedestal and so
when he's got that kind of power it it
becomes harder for people to challenge
him because if a young woman comes out
and says Charlie Rose did this and this
that Charlie Rose makes a lot of money
for people yep and and he's got a lot of
prestige and all those people know him
presumably like him and and they're
gonna it's gonna take a lot for them to
side with her instead of Charlie Rose
that is why this watershed moment is so
important because so many people have
come forward and I've had the courage to
come forward that they're coming forward
at eight at a time and that's that was
the case of Charlie Rose by the way
those are eight that came forward are
there others that didn't come forward
are there others that he did this to but
you know and and and they don't want to
talk about it they're horrified
mortified about what happened so he's
been doing this for a long time and even
if you loved him and you thought he was
a great interviewer it's not an excuse
and so it is what it is and and I and I
think that's probably that in the
Charlie Rose career helped us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
