so it's easy to get depressed in this
day and age with a lot of things going
wrong Donald Trump's president you've
got Roy Moore this monstrous figure in
Alabama by the way neck-and-neck in that
race he might still yet win and it's
easy to get discouraged but you
shouldn't be because it turns out voting
matters I want to tell you about
something that happened last week but it
affects everything going forward in my
opinion so there was be a race in
Oklahoma it's in the county of Tulsa
it's deeply conservative now Oklahoma
overall went to trump by 36 points in
this particular district 37th Street it
looks like it went to trump by about 30
points so it's hopeless actually credit
to the Democrats in a sense last time
there was an election in this district
they actually poured money into it they
tried they had their standard Democratic
candidate and they spent $200,000 then
got clobbered no chance okay so this
time they're lagari who cares they don't
put any money into it relatively
speaking certainly nowhere near the
earlier some and Allison Oakley Freeman
runs she's a 26 year old lesbian mother
out of Tulsa and we're done with this
right this is the district is at least
30 point Republican you've got a 26 year
old with almost no experience in
politics in one of the most conservative
red districts in the country guess what
happened she won I think you could see
that coming right she won she won by 31
votes not 31 points there you going to
votes there's two reasons why I'm
telling you this story number one I
think that the country is going to be
shocked at how sick of Republicans even
the reddest place in the country are why
because in those places they have tried
the Republican experiment for example in
Kansas they cut taxes to the bone for
the rich and then they had to you know
have giant deficits which they can't
have and they had to find a way to get
rid of them and they slashed their own
kids education and anger is rising and
rising now Brownback barely won that
election
partly because Hillary Clinton was on
the ticket on the other side of the
national level
and she was perceived as the
establishment and people in castles were
mad at the establishment but he barely
scraped by and then he got the hell out
of Dodge
in his case quite literally and took
some nonsense position at the Trump
administration but people in Kansas are
furious people in Oklahoma are also mad
because the Republicans have destroyed
the budget there as well just gonna give
you a snippet of it here as a freeman
rlq Freeman herself explains the 26 year
old said Oklahoma's continuing state
budget problems are a big concern of
voters she spoke with during the
campaign everyone I was engaging with
depends in some way or another on basic
needs that are provided through the
state budget people start to feel scared
well that's exactly right because the
country is in some degree of devastation
I know that elites don't understand that
but when you're making $7.25 in the
middle of Tulsa and you can't pay the
bills and someone in your family gets
sick you get justifiably concerned very
very concerned and then if you need the
government to help to make sure that
your family member doesn't die
well you begin to understand the value
of government and then when the
Republicans come along and say no we're
gonna cut those services that now a lot
of you are relying on because we want to
give one more tax cut to the rich well
people start to at some point rebel and
they're doing it even in the deep heart
of Oklahoma
there's been four special elections that
Democrats have flipped in Oklahoma
so this one was unbelievable but there's
also a second factor that's important
which is the Trump voters well it's hard
for them to get excited because you know
things are not going that well he hasn't
been able to pass anything and
everything he is proposed has involved
more giveaways to the rich and taking
away either health care from the poor in
the middle class or literally increasing
their taxes to pay for tax cuts for the
rich so hard to get excited so they
largely stayed home whereas Democrats
are angry and they went out to vote and
in a lot of these elections you'd be
shocked at what it takes to how little
it takes to to get someone in office so
let me show you the vote in this case
the vote was two thousand two hundred
and thirty-four for Allyson equi Freeman
and 2203 for the Republican candidate
Brian O'Hara
that's a 31 vote difference you know
what happens when you vote you win so I
am NOT the establishment guys on TV
yelling at you like hey why don't you
get in line and vote for whatever
whoever we tell you to vote for but it's
your fault for not voting for Hillary
Clinton no no it was their fault for not
giving people a reason to vote you put
up an establishment candidate when
people can't stand the establishment
anymore you put up a random 26 year old
lesbian mom in the middle of toll so
they're like good enough let's go get
the bums out get the bums out good
enough
okay I'm saying for Tosa for me it's
great enough so we need to put up real
human beings as candidates not corporate
backed robots and if you do that then
you give people a reason to vote and if
you register and you vote and it's for a
candidate you love and that you believe
in that you know is uncorrupted then
guess what happens we win we win look if
they're telling you hey nothing's going
wrong nothing is rigged don't worry
about it your wages should be as low as
they are they're full of crap if they
tell you to vote for the establishment
person and don't worry they'll be
slightly better than the Republican
they're full of crap but if what I don't
want you to do is take that as
discouragement that you shouldn't try
you should try like hell as an activist
and they should register and you should
vote in primaries and then yes you
should vote in the general election and
yes anything is possible if we can win
in the heart of Oklahoma we could win
anywhere so that one does depend on you
look it's on the Democratic Party
progressives overall in the country to
find candidates who are uncorrupted to
find candidates who are great can
actually that you have confidence will
actually work for you and give you real
change right then it's on you to
register and vote and if you do I'm
telling you right now look at this
example you can change the world the
victories we can have in
2018 and 2020 I believe they can be
shocking I think we're gonna win 42
states in 2020 if we have a progressive
candidate everybody who wants me when I
tell them that 42 states you're crazy no
I'm not crazy the country the country is
progressive we need to give them a
progressive uncorrupted candidate and we
will win everywhere and it's not just my
hope it's not just faith here it is it's
already happening so up and Adam let's
go fight let's go win watch The Young
Turks commercial free download it or
stream it watch it any way you like at
TYT Network comm / join
