an elderly couple in Pennsylvania is
suing police after they allege excessive
force was used when their hibiscus plant
was mistaken for a marijuana plant
Edward Kramer 69 his wife Audrey from
Buffalo Township allege they were
handcuffed and forced to sit in a hot
police car for hours last month after
police arrived looking for drugs the
couple are suing the Buffalo Township
Police and the Nationwide Insurance
Company over the incident claiming
excessive force false arrest false
imprisonment invasion of privacy and
intentional infliction of emotional
stress over the incident according to
the Pittsburgh tribune-review what
happened was the insurance company came
to photograph their property after a
neighbor's tree had fallen onto their
property and while they were there they
took photos at this hibiscus plant this
is from nationwide and then they sent
those photos to the police because the
Nationwide Insurance agent believed the
plant to be marijuana even though this
plant had flowers on it so if you know
anything about women not a thing
anyway it's actually a pretty harrowing
incident what they went through
Audrey Kramer was in her underwear at
the time she says she don't incredibly
violated she hasn't been sleeping since
the incident and then there's just a
final quote from mr. Kramer he told his
local news network sometimes I think
they look for crime where it doesn't
exist in order to justify their
existence well I just thought that was
kind of a real zinger from this guy yeah
well I Got News for You they most
certainly do and it was actually in the
beginning to lock up minorities and
throughout cut down on hibiscus yes well
everybody knows hibiscus is a good
gateway drug so let's break this down
there's a couple of different angles
here one is how much I can't stand the
nationwide insurance company rep that
went there now I'm investigating a
fallen tree but I see something that
might resemble marijuana I will go to
the trouble of reporting this to the
police so that the 69 year old can be
arrested if they are actually having fun
when they're 69 why don't you fuck off
already Jesus I mean you're in their
house
trying to do the 33 roll on their
property nosy son of a bitch is in there
with the eyes and eye biscuits or was it
marijuana fuck off there was a recording
and they were like is that marijuana
there but you know what's what's also
interesting about the Nationwide
Insurance agent is it really not
thorough in their research because if it
were me and I was even a little
uncertain like I think that's marijuana
I'm gonna take some photos why not run
it by a friend like everyone has a
STONER friend or like someone that
you're just go this one is just Google
oh my gosh what am I thinking just
googled marijuana plant and then just
cross-reference that why wasn't there
any clue no because this person is
looking for drama in their lives no
matter how much pain it's good at rest
and they don't have any friends you
think that guy has friends and I'm not
putting on the whole company I'm putting
it on that particular okay all right so
now the second part of this is the
elderly couple was absolutely right it
was a horribly dehumanizing thing they
wouldn't let her put the pants on and
they're handcuffed they put her in a hot
car for 20 minutes wide she's like
really dangerous what's she gonna do go
plant some new plates like if you don't
hang cover and stuff her in the police
car and if she's high and she tries to
run away it'll just mean because there's
unfortunately with cops and which this
is what we've been talking about on the
show for a long time it it only goes to
11 right it's not once it's not 0
through 10 and there is no - and there
is no 8 it's just fucking 11 every time
like these grannies Brewer in the police
car we're all we investigate your
hibiscus what if it was marijuana what
was she gonna do grip them all out and
flush them down the toilet just calm
down for a second and treat people as
humans and then so which then leads to
poor miss Kramer saying quote I was not
treated as though I was a human being
and I just want to tell you that's
exactly why the movement is called black
lives matter I by the way I have no idea
if they're white or black I'm not saying
that about them I'm saying that black
people in this country
get this at an inordinate rate an
approvable
statistically higher rate and that's why
just like Miss Kramer they say can we
also be treated as human beings you know
our lives matter too that's why we call
it black lives matter because we'd like
to be treated like we're human so when
we get this you know view into how other
people are treated in the country and
it's this older couple or it's a nurse
you remember the nurse who was like the
guy went into the hospital in Utah yeah
and arrested her and she's like well I
don't understand what's going on and
unfortunately this is what a lot of
people in the country minorities have to
deal with day in day out this
dehumanizing thing so let this be a
moment where we can go oh yeah we
shouldn't treat our fellow citizens that
way no matter who they are or what
plants they have yes which leads to
point number three oxycontin III and I
feel bad that he knows there's a great
New Yorker article that talks about this
it's legalized opium it is it's twice
the rate oxycodone a choice the rate of
morphine okay and and you should be used
to be watered down and things like
percocet with Tylenol
oxycodone does not oxycontin does not
water it down it amplifies it content
means continuous it's short for
continuous we have legalized continuous
opium use at high dosages but the
pharmaceutical companies make money off
that so it's okay but miss Kramer had a
hibiscus plant and we had to go to
eleven right and just rip into the
Kramer's this is the insanity of America
and if I cut you with the geranium I'll
be back on Tuesday if you like this clip
of The Young Turks you know there's a
whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
