on Sunday the Los Angeles Times
published a comprehensive report that
details new allegations of sexual
misconduct and abuse by Russell Simmons
and Brett Ratner now the the report is
about 13 pages in length it's very long
but I'm gonna walk you through it it
centers around the accusations of a
model Kari Claussen colleague II who is
17 years old at the time she tells her
story about how she went back to the
apartment of the def jam recording mogul
Russell Simmons to take a look at what
he and Bret said was a music video then
she says quickly Simmons began making
aggressive sexual advances yanking off
her clothes kaliki said I looked over at
Brett and said help me and I'll never
forget the look on his face she recalled
in that moment the realization fell on
me that they were in it together now for
his part Russell Simmons has vehemently
denied these allegations he has cited
all the work that he's put in for
women's advocacy and his involvement in
the hashtag me to campaign he also
released a statement which said in part
in a statement Simmons 6ii strongly
disputed her account everything that
occurred between Kari and me occurred
with her full consent and participation
he said much of the two days and one
night he spent with her he said was with
other people or in public
Ratner had no recollection of Kalihi
asking him for help and denied
witnessing her protests his attorney
Martin singer said now this comes on the
heels of many women coming forward and
speaking about their own allegations of
abuse by Brett Ratner and what the Los
Angeles Times report breaks down is how
they see that Ratner was surrounding
himself with other powerful Hollywood
players that were complicit in his abuse
and sometimes even participating they
say in several of the accounts the women
said that Ratner 48 surrounded himself
with powerful friends including Simmons
and filmmaker James tobik who while
sharing writers playboy lifestyle have
also been accused of engaging in sexual
misconduct those friendships some women
said enabled inappropriate behavior
within the group sometimes by active
participation and in other cases by
simply providing venues for incidences
to take place there's a number of things
that come up they have a whole a whole
bunch of different women that speak on
the record about their own experiences
with these men some of the stuff is just
coming out from their own words so for
example in 2007 in Russell Simmons book
he talks about his relationship with
Brett Ratner saying in part after he
hung around a bit and
figured out that I liked models then he
made it his business to take me to every
models apartment he could find then
there's also a 2005 Playboy article
where Simmons left the table where he
was talking with the interviewer and
then it came to light that when he left
the table for about an hour it was for
to engage in sex with a model who Ratner
had just had sex with so there all these
stories that the Los Angeles Times
breaks down a number of women speaking
on the record and then just to walk you
through it again before I get a response
from you all Simmons attorney has
provided a signed statement from Simmons
former assistant at Anthony Mack McNair
who said he saw Clegg he go to Simmons
bedroom on her own volition without any
coercion or undue influence McNair said
the group also went out to a nightclub
later that evening McNair said he saw
collegians house the next day an
assertion affirmed by Simmons and did
not notice any visible signs of distress
or anything improper that had occurred
now kaliki reports saying that she did
not see anyone but Simmons or Ratner at
Simmons home and did not recall being
there the next day The Times could not
reach McNair for comment
she also after The Times published the
story about Ratner she reached out to
him and told him that she was going to
publicly tell her story that she was
considering that she urged him to
disclose his past behavior he called her
she said they spoke for 27 minutes
according to phone records reviewed by
the time Simmons said he did not deny
any of the claims instead he apologized
mentioning that he is now a father of
two daughters so that is sort of the
sparknotes of what is detailed in this
Los Angeles Times account you guys read
it through what was your response so
let's separate out the issues
so there's Brett Ratner yeah who there
is a lot of credible allegations against
including in the last set of stories and
this set of stories this story is
ostensibly about Russell Simmons at
least that's the headlines but when you
read it it's there's far more cases
about Brett Ratner and so those
allegations look incredibly credible
okay so Ratner is and should be in a
world of truck
now Russell Simmons and Ratner hung out
together that by itself doesn't prove
anything okay
on the other hand valuations by
colleague II are disturbing to say the
least and look I should whatever there's
any kind of bias or conflict of interest
I try to be transparent about it
I know Russell Simmons a tiny bit he's
been on the show a couple of times I've
been on panels with them I like him I
don't know anything about this right and
as will happen with Cosby I liked his
work and Russell Simmons did Run DMC and
Beastie Boys and Public Enemy and that's
three out of the top what five favorite
things that I grew up to and so it's
well I'm telling you that in an effort
to get past it okay so with the
assistants saying she came back later
well that actually happens a lot it does
you know it is logical for people to
think oh well that must mean that she
liked him no no not necessarily the case
at all that's part of the power dynamic
here is that a lot of women is sometimes
men feel that that if they don't do as
they're told their careers are going to
be absolutely ruined so yes sometimes
they show up the next day and in this
case we don't even know she showed up
the next day that's just what the
assistant is saying and in the case of
Ratner there's another story in this
long LA Times story about a woman who
then after Ratner brushed up against her
and made inappropriate comments and
physical actions she wrote him a nice
note but Anita Hill wrote a nice note to
Clarence Thomas many women write nice
those later because they're afraid that
they're going to lose their careers and
and also it's not just that it's that
they feel like Oh am i doing the wrong
thing by challenging them and and is
everybody gonna say that I'm a poor
sport or a thousand different pressures
here so if the allegations are true
in the case of colleague and right now
unlike Radner disappea
appears to be the sole claim against
Russell Simmons you know as with these
stories you never know if that's how
it's going to wind up but if they're
true they're devastating so yeah I watch
the news lately similar to the way I
watch The Walking Dead just to see which
one of my heroes will turn out to be
like a soulless blood sucking creep like
you know like in Walking Dead they turn
into zombies and the news my heroes turn
into they turn out to be sexual
predators and it's it's so devastating
and I totally get it I think an
important part is for people who look up
to certain folks is you can't not
there's gonna be people you won't look
up to for me it's Al Franken and Louise
CK and then you hear these stories you
read these stories and you think to
yourself there is no it's okay to have
that first reaction of it's unavoidable
to have that first reaction of I love
that person oh my god i watch every
episode of The Cosby Show that was like
my TV dad but you have to kind of
compartmentalize it as you hear that a
lot of victims have to compartmentalize
the feelings I have surrounding an event
like this and try to figure out what
actually happened I think something
important with the league in one or
whatever I don't know how weekly is this
part did you have did you read the part
about the the lawyer what the lawyers
have said afterwards um you know there's
this part in the article where they
expose or whatever you want to call it
where there's this moment where years
later Russell Simmons approaches
colleague II and they embrace they have
it they talk about the incident and they
don't give specifics about what was
apologized for but there was some kind
of apology and there was like a hug one
said but then and and it seems like
they're working toward some kind of
solution between the two of them but
then the lawyers come in with a
statement and the statement is things
like now however I guess maybe it's a
Ratner there's one where Ratner and
there's another
with Simmons lawyer where it's like they
never heard any alleged earth they
basically say that there was never I
don't know they kind of they kind of
equivocate and say this is not an
admission of guilt and that's what's
frustrating is that the lawyers have
been able to identify exactly the power
structures in place that keep certain
bits of evidence from coming in to any
potential legal case and you hear all
these guys say well I've grown a lot as
a person and I am going through I was in
a really tough place back then but they
never really want to take full
responsibility and they definitely don't
want to suffer any kind of legal
consequence and so they want this like
hug at the whatever it is Soho House to
mean something but the lawyer step in
there like but it can't be any like
legal consequence that they suffer
that's something that's frustrating for
me well yeah I mean and you can
understand why if if it is true and he
admits it that probably are legal
consequences and and so his lawyers
gonna tackle them and say don't do that
I'm not saying that that's right I'm
just telling you what a lawyer is gonna
do and look it's just these are all
super hard because you know they say we
believe the women is is cut now a saying
right and I want you to understand what
that means it's a little bit like black
lives matter it doesn't mean that no
other lives matter right it means black
lives matter as well and they we believe
the women doesn't mean that you that
every woman is always telling truth in
every case it means generally speaking
we're now two state in our society where
all those charges that we didn't believe
we brushed under the rug and didn't give
credit to it turns out they were largely
right okay it doesn't mean that you
believe every single woman of course
there's a case in in in Virginia that
Rolling Stone got in so much trouble for
where a woman had made up allegations
and they investigated it turned out it
wasn't true and we have a criminal
justice system where we don't just
believe people we go through a process
but but the the phrase does mean
something which is in the past they were
largely not believed and in reality
about two percent of cases statistically
are not true ninety eight percent are
and what we're talking about is
empowering people who have been
powerless whose voices did not matter
for so long and now because of what has
swayed in the wake of the Harvey
Weinstein piece now these women are
feeling emboldened to come forward or I
won't I don't even want to say these
women these people are coming forward
because just later we're gonna be
talking about Terry Crews but for years
there was this
in in Hollywood in other industries as
well as we will also discuss there was
this insane power dynamic where these
people at the top just wielded such
influence that people felt powerless to
come forward or they felt powerless to
voice how they were truly how they truly
felt a situation went down and that is a
crystal clear in this Los Angeles Times
piece because they also talked with a
the actress Sarah Shahi who talks about
her experience with Brett Ratner that
she felt was inappropriate but that she
also felt like she had to keep up a good
relationship with him because of his
power in Hollywood and then you know
Brett and I were talking before he went
to tape about how do you reconcile that
like should she have called him out
earlier you know what but that's what we
believe the woman means because back
then it was really really really hard to
come out because people wouldn't believe
you and back then was like two months
ago so now you're getting an avalanche
of these stories because there's almost
like a sense of relief from women who
have held this back for so long finally
going oh I can say it and somebody will
believe me and she says she says I was
trying to be a smart businesswoman this
is sarah shahi by keeping the lines of
communication open i played the
Hollywood game like every other actress
and then Ratner's attorney you know
vehemently denies this saying that you
know she was very flirty these
overwhelming contradictions make the
claims inherently improbable is is you
know what he says to her part but I
think that what we hear from these
actresses especially that are coming
forward is like this was the territory
this is what you had to do to get work
right it's like all these wide-eyed
models who you know we're when they were
17 they came to Los Angeles and they had
these dreams of making it as a model or
an actress like in my opinion from what
I've read and this is just my
speculation Brett Ratner wasn't dreaming
of coming you know to Hollywood just
to be the director he was dreaming about
having these interactions getting to a
point where you'd like the jet and the
fancy house where he'd get women into
his place and he was gonna design a here
and there'd be jacuzzi there he'd have
all these women over and since he became
brett ratner he was gonna have this and
and i get it and there's all these
things happening but it really
frustrates me when I see things like you
know Russell Simmons saying he has found
peace now it's like well that's the most
selfish approach I'm glad you found
peace but like think about all the stuff
you've put the I mean maybe not him but
like generally the entire dynamic is
this has created a very weird place for
people to have to handle the lay of the
land and you find yourself saying well
the most pick me anyways I find myself
saying the most pure sold person is the
one who sees this injustice and says no
I have to stop it immediately that's a
really tough place to put someone in and
then I find myself saying someone who
waited until a moment when they had a
little power even though they benefited
like for me it's taken two tarah like
TIG Notaro
is the one who said who made this louis
c.k thing kind of happened one of the
very few but she wouldn't have been able
to make the difference unless she had
gotten louis c.k to produced some of her
stuff and so she benefited i guess in a
certain way but then she becomes the one
who is now big enough to say something
that gets more people to do the research
combined with the Gawker article finally
the New York Times says it's oh she
didn't speak out I mean I guess people
like her haven't spoken out immediately
but when they do get some power I just
don't know where to draw the line and I
find like we all need a PhD in ethics
math at the end of this because we have
so many data points on what kind of
purview can be in America well but look
nuance matters and and so that's why I'm
trying to constantly hear context so the
last piece of context here for for
Ratner if he wanted to have the
Hollywood lifestyle and have the jacuzzi
and the girls he shares that with almost
every guy in the country that's totally
different than the descriptions that
many of these women give including Jamie
Hong who says she was 21
he's she's at his mansion in Hollywood
and then he quarters her in a room I
won't let her leave
it starts groping
her and then takes out his you know
penis and and does what he has
apparently done with Olivia Munn etc and
he tries to get her to touch it she
won't and and finally he mastered so
this is something that many women have
accused Ratner of that is that is I hope
not in the dreams of the young kids who
are trying to get the Jacuzzi in
Hollywood but I think it's the same it's
just he had this dream and I think that
dream is inherently sexist like the
dream that I will have a you know money
and power which will translate to women
in bikinis under Hef's waterfall like
that is inherently sexist because it
implies that women are attracted to
money and power and that's that's just
not I don't think that's a nice thing to
do whether it's true or not I'm sure
there are women who are attracted to
that and I'm sure he had success with
certain women and then he comes along
women who had like a good relationship
with their father or whatever and they
finally say no but I don't know I just I
feel like Brett Ratner didn't start off
with the first woman when he got his
first directors gig and had him up to
his hotel room and without his junk and
when she said no started masturbating in
front of her I think he over time honed
this like sick trap that he lured a lot
of people into and he got better at it
and more confident in it and he became
more brett ratner than he was before and
he got to a point but it started with
that first you get the money then you
get the power you know yeah and the last
thing I'm Russell Simmons is that what
grace read to you was from Turay who had
interviewed him back in nineteen
nineteen ninety four not about the
kaliki thing but about how Brett Ratner
apparently was done with a girl and
Russell Simmons went up and also had
some sort of relationship with her no
one is alleging that that was not
consensual so you know if it was
consensual that's their business and I
don't want to get in the business of
overly judging people's sex lives
because we're not those people we're not
the you know the evangelical pastors and
hypocrites etc getting into people's sex
lives and telling them what to do and
what not to do we only care about stuff
that is non-consensual or creates you
know a work environment where there's
sexual harassment and it's hostile etc
so so so far the only charge against
Russell Simmons
the one from Kalihi and sometimes there
could be a misinterpretation
she thought it wasn't consensual he
thought it was I don't know if that's
what they're gonna claim but to be clear
she says she fought it wildly so that
there should not have been any mistake
as to what went down and and so
eventually she says she us to oral sex
that she felt like she had no choice in
getting out of that situation so I want
to be as clear as we can on on the facts
presented TYT membership gets you
commercial free young turks downloaded
streaming podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm slash join
