get ready to be horrified here is a
demonstration of the brand new
capabilities of actually something
related to this last video the Boston
Dynamics robot Atlas
is that a thing a lot of people were
gonna want their robot to do don't know
but I show the guy afterwards does he
say what it was like what's that
does he say what it was like being and
that's the guy in the suit guy
unfortunately it was a six foot nine
robot we've previously seen videos of it
you know like walking and stuff like
that
recovering for so much name is atlas
okay because I thought it was a robot
Atlas right she's gonna say and this is
where Diego Garcia the best route to get
from Denver Colorado to Helena Montana
oh so there you see it failing show the
fail one more time that was great
oh you could see it go wrong mmm nobody
said sis no he's trying this one is just
he had a little bit of trouble okay all
right yeah Russian judge not gonna like
that
OOP I thought it was super weak when he
like Joey was jumping from blue sort of
whatever that is is there blue boxed and
then it was but it was too far so just
jump on the ground first look if you
haven't been following these these
robots and I actually have okay that's
amazingly difficult I mean it's a six
foot nine extremely heavy extremely
complicated robot that can now do
backflips I mean can anyone at this
table do back foot
I couldn't even know but about six foot
nine so that's true yeah that's that is
unbelievable it really was I mean Rica
SH once you can get to that I mean God
knows in a year and I'm also like that
it kind of screwed up too right right so
I mean I just I see this and I think
look that's not gonna make our lives
easier that's not collecting my laundry
that's getting a gun and that's going to
fight and that's probably right so
that's the military so sometimes it'll
fall down it'll fall down shoot the
wrong person so look this isn't
immediately necessarily a military thing
although their previous four legged sort
of pack animal robot has been tested by
the military but you can't look at that
and have watched the movies
that we've watched growing up and not
think the military is looking at that
that is going to be one way just like
with unmanned vehicles in the air
they're going to be able to extend
military power without the threat of
actually having a human American
American American yeah no that's a good
point
an American and God knows what effect
that will actually have once it gets
deployed and those things by the way are
not going to be cheap and then when it's
all robots going we could then we really
don't have to stand up for the national
anthem right yeah real quick what movie
did you think of first when I see that I
mean I think of Terminator yeah I was a
Notting Hill my ordinary people said the
movies we grew up with Ninja Turtles I
don't know but anyway look for right now
that's an interesting technological
thing but it's going to have huge
economic and especially military
implications at some point if you like
this video you'll love the whole TYT
Network check it out at TYT Network comm
slash join
