yesterday there was an environmental
disaster that literally no one could
have predicted
no one did predict it actually it has to
do with the Keystone pipeline it
actually had a spill like the oil that's
supposed to travel inside of it got out
somehow which seems impossible I know
it's made of metal but it actually
happened the pipeline leaked Thursday
morning spilling about five thousand
barrels of oil or two hundred and ten
thousand gallons of oil south east of
the small town of Amherst in Northeast
South Dakota it's like a logic puzzle to
figure out where in South Dakota that is
but anyway the pipeline has also had
other smaller spills by the way 400
barrels each in 2011 and 2016 all in
that same area actually in response the
reports coming out that that spill had
actually happened TransCanada sand it
shut down the flow of oil in the
pipeline at 6:00 a.m.
quote after a drop in pressure was
detected its operating system resulting
from an oil leak that is under
investigation they give the rough idea
basically of where it had happened there
and I know it's like what do you say at
a time like this but wale got out on the
ground yeah it seemed like such a sure
thing well it was a sure thing
it leaked it Siddeley and it leaks all
the time and so they're talking about on
the this leak and there were the two
similar sized leaks but we did a story
like six months ago I think it was in
Oklahoma I'm not a hundred percent sure
there may be you can find the video of
the hundreds and hundreds of not
reported leaks that have happened
without hurry I think there was Missouri
or Arkansas it might it might have been
somewhere around there but it's just a
routine thing now it's not necessarily
always two hundred and ten thousand
gallons but you know jokes aside like
we've been saying the whole time leak
after leak after leak we come back and
say hey maybe this is inherently a
dangerous way to fuel an economy there's
not a lot of damage done routinely from
solar or wind leaks okay maybe your hair
gets messed up a bit but that's about it
well easy burger depends on the day yeah
the other thing here and I have no
expertise to led to this except that the
number of times that a company is
reported a leak and then that leak has
been an accurate depiction of the leak
and zero right yeah
so when they say to I mean I hope it's
true but when they say generally two
hundred and ten thousand gallons it
turns out it's it's two million two
hundred and ten yeah god only knows yeah
I mean the general operating procedure
at in environmental disasters like this
energy company disasters I mean look we
all saw China Syndrome well John didn't
right
it's a film no you downplay harsha guy
and so I hope that that when we hear the
truth about the leak that it is no
greater than that but I wouldn't be
surprised but you know they say they
explain it away to they said well this
was caused by some of it was installed
improperly well okay great that's what
can happen if you had huh and then they
said like based on what we know and
you'll probably get to this job based on
what we know the it hasn't affected the
water table or a little basic right what
based on what we know but it could have
but here's when it wouldn't if it
weren't there in the first place yeah if
there was evidence that it happened in
the first 24 hours that it affected the
water fine but I'm not simply gonna
trust it because you haven't detected a
first hour we're good and I know that
the the tribal council in the area has
put out you know they're talking about
working with the federal authorities to
try to contain this because obviously
they feel responsible for that area
although they are not responsible for
that pipe that's TransCanada that does
that but there's a huge water reservoir
there like in that area but not a
reservoir technically but you know
there's the the body of water that could
potentially be contaminated and I'm glad
that you brought up that oh it was just
because of a ring that was wrong or
there was a bad seam but like when we
said that this was gonna happen what did
you think we thought was gonna happen
that the pipe was evil and wanted to
spill yeah but they caught some sort of
mechanical failure part of selling this
is knowing that we expect there to be a
leak so that when there is a leak they
can blame it on something or say look
there are a few leaks here and there
that's a part of getting this thing
working that's but you know when it's a
catastrophe then you can't really use
that argument so they'll that's why it's
so critical to undersell that
catastrophic part of this to make it
seem like hey there's a problem we're
fixing it but this is routine this is
what happens when you have a pipeline ya
know one after the Challenger blew up
would say you know it was just a little
problem with the o-rings
was tighten the o-rings and then it's
fine yeah except seven astronauts are
dead you can't make that argument
exactly what some tiles do I think that
sometimes I think that was actually what
the oh but I'm not an expert was the
ohrid but it was the tiles that right
but because the o-ring was not
sufficient I think cause now we're
getting into John territory yeah this
conversation let's appreciate that
anyway let's jump back into this because
obviously this spill is in its own right
a terrible thing although inevitable and
we will see others you know at some
point we'll all be back here maybe all
three will be sitting here and we'll be
talking about the next 300 thousand
gallon leak or the next two million
gallon leak or maybe we'll be talking
about the endangered species that were
killed in this particular leak for now
though we have this one and it comes at
a particularly interesting time actually
when it comes to these pipelines and
TransCanada so if you bring up this map
here you're going to see the darker line
there the black line that is the the
Keystone pipeline and if you see as it
crosses through South Dakota roughly
about half way down through South Dakota
is where it's spilled but you also see
those other colored lines there and
that's where we get into the Keystone XL
the expansion pipeline that was rejected
by President Obama and what's
interesting about that is although after
his election President Trump issued an
executive order to clear obstacles so
that that could be made it's not just up
to him actually TransCanada's still
needed a permit from an independent five
person Nebraska Public Service
Commission at some point in the future
actually it turns out it's just in the
next couple of days they're gonna be
ruling on this in just a few days to see
whether Keystone XL should actually go
forward look I again I I do too I like
people who speculate without knowing and
I know nothing about this but man given
the timing right just reminded me when I
read this the first time they've given
the time they don't know the incentive
to lie and to undersell or overwhelming
write-ups you're gonna predict like
sabotage but I don't think yes unrushed
all this mean the the mere fact that
there was a leak that spilled 210,000
gallons of oil I think is should be
enough for a commission that by the way
was already
you know but they weren't just behind
this Keystone thing entirely you pointed
out that President Obama you know
blocked it and and yeah but he didn't
really mean it right here right right
and that's why Trump of course didn't
but but also Secretary Clinton when she
was running for president said finally
even though a lot of people didn't buy
it at first that she was not in favor of
the pipeline and so I mean she went
pressed she didn't come out against it
what's that been saying they're the same
right yeah of course they are they're
exactly the same so uh sorry
we got a tragedy here people okay
support independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
