so they're considering the possibility
of finally approving that the Excel
expansion to this pipeline which is a
problem not just because it creates more
pipeline that can have fault points like
this that could lead to more spills like
this but it means that overall more oil
will actually be pulled out of the
ground and transported and burned and
that's really one of the problems here
is that the the particular type of fuel
that we're talking about that these
pipelines are transporting is not just
the normal bad for the environment fuel
it's particularly polluting and bad for
you type of oil maybe we should leave
some of it in the ground that would be a
good idea now the question is after this
will there be more pressure on the
Public Service Commission to shut this
down I don't know I assume that at some
point considering that a Donald Trump I
looked back and he has tweeted over the
past six years or so about the Keystone
XL pipeline literally dozens and dozens
of times he returns this is long before
he was running for president he was
pushing for this thing and we can go
back to just a couple of his tweets that
are very particular to what happened
yesterday he said in August of 2015 if I
am elected president I will immediately
approve the Keystone XL pipeline no
impact on environment and lots of jobs
for us if I remember correctly the
estimate of the number of permanent jobs
that would be produced by the Keystone
XL pipeline was between 40 and 45 at the
time it was described as a Denny's worth
of jobs which is great I love Denny's
and I love three dozen and a half jobs
but I don't know that that's necessarily
merits presidential tweet and I'm where
he's there's no impact on the
environment it's great too because based
on what they know John yeah it hasn't
touched the wall hasn't touched it and
he also said this so sad that Obama
rejected Keystone pipeline thousands of
jobs good for the environment no
downside and so look this comes after
leaks in the Keystone pipeline this was
not like hey maybe everything will be
rosy they already knew that this system
wasn't being properly maintained and so
should we have any faith that he will
learn from this particular leak and
perhaps put some pressure on the Public
Service Commission to shut it down I
sincerely doubt that at this point I
don't think we need to worry because
Jeff sessions is going to invest
these leaks oh by the way the Kim
Macintosh environmental scientist the
South Dakota Department of Environment
National Resources says describing it
says as described it's not a tiny leak
by any means and the last spill in the
pipeline about 400 barrels of oil at
Hutchinson County in April 2016 took
about 10 months to clean up they've had
a couple of those but not a couple of
those around 400 been said this will
this will take much much longer than 10
months to clean up 20 months you can't
predict I can't predict whether it'll
take 20 months or 12 months so even as
described a major spill yeah and like
you said there's every possibility that
in a few days or in a week or six months
we'll find out that it was far worse I
mean well the president's right in one
sense because the jobs that these spills
create and cleaning them up that's true
believable this is a real job boon to
have this oil spill out all over the
place because you need people to come in
and clean it up yeah look I have to say
we've been we've been reporting on these
particular pipelines for what feels like
years at this point and the the massive
opposition to them I found to be
inspirational for a long time the fact
that Obama was was pushed to to not
allow the expansion that there has been
a lot of debate inside of Canada about
it that the economy is changing in ways
that it became at least temporarily not
profitable to do this sort of extraction
but they still they they were rushing
now they see the day when people realize
and it becomes more economically
feasible it's already economically
feasible to do solar and wind but they
see that day rapidly coming where there
will be no room left in the market for
them and it's clear that they want to
extract every drop of money not oil
money that they can in the mean time and
the problem is that when you're just
rushing to do it not only are you more
likely to have spills like this but the
carbon still stays in the atmosphere
it's not like well later we get solar
and so we'll be cool in the end it's
terrible that they have such a strong
champion in the White House right now
during a critical period immediately
preceding renewables really taking over
by the way there's a great tweet
read but you pulled it up a Trump from
2012 March of 2012 pathetic Barack Obama
did not want a veto Keystone himself so
he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate
to defeat it how's that pathetic yeah
seems like governing yes yeah no I don't
want to do it yeah it senses here the
concerns have been do it less well in
the government ways he's not attacking
him for his executive orders that's
right yeah yeah anyway so unfortunate
story there have an important that you
know what's going on if you like this
clip of The Young Turks you know there's
a whole live to our show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
