as you know the reason why Ralph Nader
when he ran his dad said Ralph do you
really think America needs a third party
and he said no but I think it needs a
second one and it's been proven right
bill Bill Clinton and Barack Obama did
shit Republicans could only dream about
doing okay and it hasn't stopped it was
the Democrats who cut the legs out from
underneath unions it was the Democrats
who repealed the New Deal banking
legislation that crashed our economy it
was the Democrats who exploded the
prison population by gutting welfare it
was a Democrats who did that stuff it
was Barack Obama who made the bank's
bigger who took two Wars Expanded than
the seven it was Barack Obama whose
cabinet was chosen by Citibank we know
that now because of WikiLeaks it was
Barack Obama who had wanted to cut
Social Security and Medicare as Barack
Obama who has these fracking pipes going
underneath the country gas pipes ever it
was Barack Obama who did all that so
let's remember we need a second party we
can't have two parties be pro-business
the reason why Nissan has 47 plants
around the world and they're all Union
except for the three they have in the
United States it's because in the United
States both political parties represent
management and no one represents the
workers so what happens they scream
about Russia Russia Russia which is a
big distraction because they don't want
to talk about stuff like this
60% of House Democrats vote for a
defense budget even bigger than Trump's
that's from July of this year they
passed eighty billion dollars extra in
spending not a not one debate about it
not one Sunday news show dot one
Anderson Cooper Town Hall not one
anybody nothing nothing about it they
spent eighty billion dollars which could
have paid for free college and bailed
out or bails out on everybody student
loan debt remember we couldn't do that
John Oliver from another country told us
we can't do that here turns out they can
do it at the blink of an eye they can do
anything except if it helps you let's
remember that so that's why people want
a third party the Democrats went along
with that Elizabeth Warren went along
with that the the best of the Democrats
is the worst amongst us
this just in Republicans and Democrats
on Senate Banking
reach agreement on proposals to ease
banking regulations that's what we
that's from fucking yesterday and that's
also in response to the Equifax scandal
they they needed to respond to this
somehow and it's just like when we have
gun violence in this country the way
they respond to it he's gone there's the
same thing with banking regulations
maybe throw it they throw a couple of
throw a couple of bones and then they
give the meat to the you know the gun
gun lobby or in this case the to Wall
Street here's David Sirota as California
Dems block a single-payer bill the
Virginia socialists just defeated a top
Republican by pushing for a state-based
single-payer program the deadness is
Ralph Nader the Democrats could not
defend the country against the worst
Republican Party in history and the
Republican Party could not defend the
country against the worst Republican
presidential candidate in history what's
next well for what's next let's talk to
our friend Nick Branagh is Nick there
hey Nick there is know everybody they
think everyone now Nick if you don't
know Nick I've big fan of his he worked
with Bernie Sanders campaign and after
that he decided to start the draft
Bernie campaign which caught which
recognized the need for a third party
and now you have another phase in that
Nick now they'll everybody know what
that it what's happening that's right so
we have turned draft Bernie into the
movement for People's Party because we
had such incredible success you know
like successful we couldn't have
imagined when we started draft Bernie it
inspired so many people you know so many
people contacted us and said if you know
if this wasn't happening
I just wouldn't be engaged anymore you
know I would be depressed somewhere kind
of tuning the whole thing out you know
and so there were so many thousands of
people that were so excited about this
prospect and we discovered that it was
the most important part of our name was
the people's party name you know and
people really of course people want
Bernie to come over and that would be a
great way to do it but people are there
for the People's Party you know because
they recognize that that's what we need
at this point and so we decided that we
wanted to continue and we wanted to to
build this movement for People's Party
but
together organizations on on the Left
unions student groups and all kinds of
organizations that should be a part of
founding any party because it's an
overwhelming majority now of Americans
almost two-thirds who are saying that we
need in new a new party in this country
as a record-high yes so it's not like
you're some kind of outlier crazy you
know the majority of the country agrees
with you you know that we the the people
who are registered Democrats is
somewhere around twenty six twenty seven
percent of the country same thing with
Republicans so yeah again more people
are independence that at the end so your
idea is that you're gonna create an
umbrella organization based on policies
right so again like so the Democratic
socialists of America or the socialist
alternative or the Green Party or our
revolution they don't have to abandon
their own organizations they can all
stay inside their own groups but you're
gonna create like a platform that we can
all agree on that we were going to use
to hold politicians feet to the fire
with kind of a litmus test is that what
you're saying that and it's that we
should all participate in building an
alternative you know we can all agree on
the platform that's a great it's a great
advantage but we read to recognize that
the best platform in the world isn't
going to get anywhere without the
strategy to implement it and so for all
of these organizations that are out
there that want the same thing you know
and that large majority that kind of
like comic majority of Americans now
overwhelming majority that are calling
for a new party is let's bring those
people together let's bring those
organizations together those unions
which are taking big interests like we
talked about recently and you talked
about Jimmy on your show you know and so
there's a lot of people taking interest
what we need now is we need to bring all
of these folks together so that we can
actually create a vehicle in a United
Way and so that's that's your mission
right now to bring like I said I forgot
to mention that that the afl-cio and the
teachers union and other unions came
together and had a convention and they
talked about a third party that they
want to start off a labor party finally
they've realized that the Democratic
Party has never done
thing for him and never is gonna do
anything for them so they're talking
about a third party and so your your
mission is to get all these people
working together and how is that going
yes so it's going well everywhere that
we speak to we have from from our draft
Bernie phase we have a field
organization in 47 states and so you
know we decided to do something that was
novel you know they kind of hadn't been
done before I mean the traditional role
for a volunteer on on a campaign or in
kind of a social movement is you know
canvassing volunteer or phone banking
and that kind of thing collecting
petition signatures but we said let's
actually empower these folks who were
doing that with us previously as draft
Bernie and make them you know emissaries
of movement for a People's Party in
approaching different organizations
locally community groups you know local
unions local chapters of our revolution
DSA and other progressive groups and
speak to them about this idea you know
of starting a new party and and build it
in that way across the country and and
and it's been really great the way that
people have responded to that both our
volunteers and on the level of the
organizations that we're approaching so
really is kind of this grassroots
upwelling of approaching groups all
across the country and talking to them
about this yeah so the only big the big
problem I see is that Bernie it seems
like you're moving on without Bernie
right it seems like Bernie's gonna for
whatever reason use all his power even
though he spent 30 years as an
independent and complained about how
horrible the two-party system is and how
they don't respond to people and for
some reason now that he has a chance to
actually do something to smash that
two-party duopoly he's he's using all
his power to sheep herd progressives in
the Democratic Party and it couldn't be
any clearer the Democratic Party doesn't
want a goddamn thing to do with them Tom
Perez just kicked every progressive
office breaking the
Committee of the Rules Committee and so
I so you're moving out without Bernie I
guess is what I'm saying
yeah it's we hope you know the
invitation to Bernie always stays open
we hope that you know ho ho come and
join us you know we'll come to his
senses about this and because our view
is that it's time to stop fighting this
kind of progressive populist current
outside of the party there's this
current that is moving and not even
Bernie and Trump have been able to
reverse it because I spoke to Karen
Bernal I had a kind of a discussion with
her she's the chair of the California
Democratic Progressive Caucus this
Monday you know she was an author of the
of the autopsy report with Norman
Solomon and others and they acknowledge
that the Democratic not even Bernie and
Trump you know Bernie most popular
politician in the country Trump the the
least popular constantly attacking
working people these are two immense
forces which should be bringing people
by the in droves to the Democratic Party
and instead of seeing that we see a
continuation of the historical trends
for the past 15 years and that's people
actually leaving the Democratic Party in
the millions and and so you you know you
think wow if even they can't reverse
that you know we're really on trajectory
here towards a great political
realignment and as progressives we
should embrace that because it's in our
direction we shouldn't fight it
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
