okay and welcome to the last panel so I
think we've got some three very
different propositions here today
they're all doing niche content in their
own way and targeting the discrete
audiences that they're looking for but I
wanted to start by asking them to share
something maybe surprising about the
followers and subscribers that you have
Rebecca do you want to start us sure so
I'm representing awesomeness TV we refer
to ourselves as a next generation media
brand really targeting content for
generations then the next audience that
sort of entering the the commercial
ecosystem that has grown up on social
media
growing up creating as much content as
they consume and I would say the
traditional media landscape especially
in the US market thinks this audience
doesn't engage in video doesn't watch TV
so I think what's most surprising since
we produce content in very traditional
formats film television as well as
social video is that this audience is as
engaged and even more so in the creation
and consumption of professional video
content as you know generation acts
which I came from and I would say in the
in the traditional television landscape
I think they've been sort of abandoned
because people don't think they consume
video but our experiencing with this
audience is they love video because
they're both creators and consumers even
more so than any generation before them
so yeah I missed a jump in next yeah I
mean hi everyone thanks for coming um
yeah no I think for me being a
professional surfer the main thing that
people think is like wow you have like
millions of surfers who follow you and
and I think what's awesome and the
Internet and social media now is that
you know there's everyone that I mean is
like yeah surfing is part of my story
but it reaches way more and so I think
the biggest surprise is that people are
like oh
people who don't surf and people who
just love the active you know surfing
lifestyle which is really cool and
something I love I think as well as for
me to what I get surprised of is you
know the age ranges I have you know
people from who you know are five years
old up to in their 50s or 60s who just
again love the surfing lifestyle so that
was talking to me when I meet you know
young kids to people even in their 60s
drink yeah for us that age group is
probably what's surprising because a lot
of times in traditional media they say
young people don't watch news they just
mean young people don't watch them so
I'll give you some fun stats the average
age of the CNN audience is 61 years old
sorry but it's true MSNBC 64 Fox News is
68 O'Reilly back when he had a show
which is a great sentence had average
age of 72 so for every 42 year-old that
watched O'Reilly you gotta have a
hundred and two-year-old watching him so
television news is ancient our audience
is 70%
18 to 34 year olds so yes young people
love news if you do it directed towards
them so your jenk your audience is
actually kind of ancient compared to
Rebecca's audience which is teens and
tweens right so can you tell us about
what the teens and tweens are looking
for in terms of the content that's being
created for them well I think what
Anastasia said is is part of it right
there used to connecting with with
talent and and having access to a
through that's sort of the YouTube
culture they're they're more informed
they know who they're passionate about
they don't want a bunch of executives
saying care about this person care about
this person this is what's going to
entertain you you know we started as a
youtube brand and we had this two-way
interaction with our audience that we
really know what they care about
we live and breathe mr our business is
filled with young people that are just
creating content that they're they care
about and they're getting that
interaction you know where is a cable
brand historically is just delivering
one way and they really don't know what
their audience is passionate about what
they care about awesomenesstv feels like
they're interacting every day so when we
go to create television oftentimes we
use influencers in that because that's a
star that true they care about that's
who's driving them to that platform and
that's just as important to them as
great storytelling is recognizing the
Thera world on screen which has to be
done in such an authentic way because I
think this generation is more informed
right they they know how to create
content and consume content right
they're in much more in control of their
media so when you put content on screen
I think it has to be much more of a
two-way experience the way you talk to
them I just got to say I've never agreed
with anyone more than that so TVs
technologically deficient it only talks
to you one way online video has a
technological advantage it's two ways
and once you build a truly two-way
communication system TVs toast and
especially for the younger generations
and I think awesomeness does a great job
of that and on a stage how much I mean
that you know to kind of follow on from
that threads with the sort of the
content that you're creating you know
how much of that sort of two way
conversation as we like baked into that
formula of the things that you make for
your audience yeah I mean I think what's
awesome in the internet and social media
specifically is you can do so many
different ideas and you can see what
works and what resonates and you kind of
can get an instant feedback right away
with your audience of if it clicks or it
doesn't click and you can go in the
direction of what people like so I think
that's really awesome too like in
comparison to TV it's like you know back
in the days they'd have to look at you
know a lot of stats and it was kind of
like dodgy and this is like within 10
minutes I can post a photo and say oh I
think people don't really like this or
they love it so
there's not an expectation of perfection
either right like we grew up and
everything was packaged and glossy and
perfect and it's so false right and I
think with the generation that has come
up that feels more in control of their
information there are more global
audience they get information a lot
quicker they can react to it they can
connect with it when you give them
something I don't mean that say people
don't want to be entertained but there's
it's just a savvy audience and I think
it's hard to just wrap things up in a
bow and say eat it you know so it's it's
hard for me to continue because
Rebecca's making all my points and it's
perfect that's exactly what she say so
let me give it a context of politics for
us it's it's that authenticity that
people love online and the Millennials
love and now even Generation Z and
younger generations love and and folks
on TV can't understand it and
politicians can't understand it so they
keep sending out the guys in a really
good suits to really polish and they do
the same consultant tricks they talk
like this they take off their jacket and
roll up their sleeves and everybody
online vomits they can't stand it it
looks so fake so if you want to win with
younger audiences be yourself be
authentic polished used to be mandatory
it is now counterproductive to be
polished ok authenticity is definitely a
theme and I think you know we've heard
that that's something that's come
through a good few sessions the other
thing that we've heard probably a lot
about is you know the obsession with
data is that an obsession for for all of
you Anastasia is that something that you
spend a lot of time looking at how do
you sort of get into the data behind
your your followers and subscribers to
help you understand them better yeah I
mean for me I've never really gone into
that so it's just been me being Who I am
and being authentic and and just having
fun with it and I think when you know
like obviously I look at what content
does better or worse but yeah I don't
really get too caught up with it because
I'm
you know I'm a person so it's it's a
little different than a media company
but I you know it's it's really like
that you test something see if it works
and see if it doesn't but what they were
saying about being polished you know I
noticed for myself even like you know I
could spend a lot of money and hire a
crazy team and do a high produced video
and it could get less views than an
iPhone video so it's really comes down
to what you're doing creatively Rebecca
I mean I don't want to bash the industry
that ranged me and and and created Who I
am but in in traditional you know cable
and broadcast television
they just know so little they know so
little about who's their consumer who's
watching what are they reacting to you
they're all reacting to this sort of
measurement system that is so broken and
then here you have this world to bring
it back to ausmus where as we are saying
you know you see what's working right
you can really look at the performance
data on these platforms and I mean
obviously all the new television
platforms and streaming platforms have
built their brands on that of really
knowing their consumer and knowing if
you love this you're gonna love more of
that and I just it makes us smarter
programmers it makes us deliver more and
what the audience wants and the
traditional ego system is just hamstrung
because they they're just guessing
there's just someone saying this is a
cool idea and you know what taste makers
are real and that can back and work and
it has worked in US television for years
but I think it's getting harder and
harder to pick what's gonna work and
especially with so much choice and as
you look about sort of splintering
demographics it's like delivering to
everybody they're used to saying what's
that romantic dark calm and he was so in
so starring it like you really need to
deliver expectation is higher and that
data informs that if Rebecca keeps
making a perfect points like this I'm
gonna leave all right so it I love data
it's not going to change the substance
of what we talked about because that
would be inauthentic
but how you presented which platforms
how do you put your content on those
platforms so I'm not shy about having
strong opinions but I will always let
data overrule me because data knows
better than I do so if you have a
collection of people saying hey you're
better off on this platform or this is
how you should marketed I mean there's a
thousand different ways that data can
think and inform your decisions into
Rebecca's point about TV
I was once talking to a giant sponsor to
their CMO the guy who makes their
decisions on where to spend their money
and I said look you're picking us apart
and bless your heart you know which
demographics is it going to when is it
going to what's the conversion rate and
I was just intellectually curious how do
you do that on TV where you spend ninety
five percent of your money and he went
we don't we just feel like we have to be
on TV but we don't know anything about
our TV audience and I thought their
toast that I mean give them I don't know
what is it two years five years ten
years I mean you're gonna go into a
black box and not get any data back and
not know who you're reaching
it's insane any advertisers that it's
still using that system should be fired
Jenko actually I mean let's just dive
into that a little bit deeper I'm
interested in what you said around kind
of deferring today there with the you
know you've got this sort of
crowdfunding driver and supporting your
investigative reporting I'm curious
about that's a really that's a
relationship really that you've you've
developed with your audience have you
done that what drove that decision to
use that method of you know sort of that
funding to achieve that can you just
talk about that a little bit more sure
so what we want to do the Young Turks is
align our incentives with our audiences
incentives because we believe in an
ethos of audience first on television
where I've worked before it's not
audience first its advertisers first and
literally an audience in TV pitch
meetings
the very first question that'll ask is
what will Walmart think well then you're
going to design TV shows and television
for Walmart not for the actual audience
so we believe in audience
first but some things are very hard to
fund like investigative reporting that's
very expensive and and you don't get a
ton of views back and a ton of revenue
back so we went to our audience and said
Trump just got elected our audience does
not like Trump bless their hearts
so let's can you help us hire
investigative reporters and we raise two
million dollars they just gave it to us
and said build a team and we built a
team of 12 people to do hopefully great
investigative reporting about not just
Trump definitely about him but also
about Democrats and corporations and
everything else that way
we're aligned with our audience and
we're giving them exactly what they paid
for and just to get into then you know
we've talked about authenticity but with
a loyal segment you know building
building upon a loyal segment of an
audience is hard Rebecca can you sort of
talk a little bit so how do you get the
arm back group and stay authentic to the
people that have been with you since the
beginning yeah it is hard and I think
the key point is you know as I mentioned
you we started on YouTube and that was
where the brand lived but the reality is
that's not the only platform where our
audience lives so it's about and with
all the social platforms and traditional
platforms you really need to produce for
what those platforms are right and and
so for us it's about being everywhere
they are and recognizing why they're
going to that different platform we are
not you know a closed system where we
say you have to come to us we go to
where they are because there's so many
scale platforms and players where
they're going to interact
what is awesomeness mean on Facebook as
much as it means what is office mean on
Hulu which are some of our partners in
the u.s. so for us it's adapting the
storytelling and the content for what
experience they're going for and you
know they that's how I sort of started
off about how our audience watches a lot
of content you know we have a big
partnership with the NASA pod partner
Hulu in the US where we produce very
traditional formats like we have a show
called freakish its own zombie show in
high school it looks and feel
like TV but the problem is you know our
audience isn't going to TV right they're
going to streaming platforms so how can
we help our partners entertain that
audience when they are going there to
watch some of these big hits but then
how do you keep them there how do you
keep them engaged when they're there and
when they go to snap how do we give them
the stories they want there and so for
us it's about being present on every
platform understanding our audience
wherever they are and keep tuning
globally we've launched social platforms
in the UK and France and Germany because
this audience is the global audience
they're everywhere half of our audience
is viewing us from outside the US and I
think it's the it's the being nimble and
being able to keep up with them which
again it's just not how the one network
everywhere system works you know we
don't take what we put on this platform
and put it over there because people
engage in different ways and it's it's
it's much more complicated and complex
but when you born into that like our
company was it's more second nature than
it is for traditional media companies
like being nimble I think is probably
something that you can certainly talk to
and I've heard you talk about how you
really think about like six months down
the line and what's coming next and
thinking about kind of the trends what
have you spotted that you're keeping a
watch on yeah I mean I think it's
definitely I mean it's going all video I
mean I really think video is the now the
future and I think you know like they
mentioned you know audience are are
getting smarter and they want to they
want to feel more involved and I think
it's even going videos going more on
live platforms and I and I think it's
really going to you know the less
polished and and as the I think people
really want and they're getting smarter
so they want the more real the better
djenka yeah I think that the skinny
bundles are coming and so I think that's
a really interesting trend which
is linear programming but over the
Internet a smaller number of cable
stations that they deliver to you some
digital channels will be in those skinny
bundles and and you'll be paying 35 to
$40 instead of a hundred and fifty
dollars so the disintegration of cable I
think is going to be way quicker than
people realize already they've lost ten
to fifteen percent of their subscribers
and they're gonna lose a lot more a lot
quicker than people realize and these
are just unmanageable costs and
especially for people under 35 nobody's
got a hundred and fifty dollars to pay
for their cable that they generally
don't watch anyway jank I want to get
Rebekah in before we wrap what's your
trend to watch awesomeness TV that's a
good way to end thank you very much
everyone
