the third Brett Kavanaugh accuser has
identified herself and her accusations
were outlined in a sworn affidavit that
was released by attorney Michael
avenatti now Michael avenatti had
basically foreshadowed this case he said
that there was a third accuser and that
this accuser was credible and based on
her very detailed allegations and the
fact that she claims that there are
people that she spoke to at the time
that this incident occurred it does
appear that her accusations are at least
credible and should be investigated but
with that said let me give you the
details so this third accuser her name
is Julie sweat Nick publicly identified
herself and alleged that Kavanaugh and
others in the early 1980s spiked the
drinks of girls at high school parties
with intoxicants to make it easier for
them to be gang raped so here is an
exact quote from sweat Nick she says I
have a firm recollection of seeing boys
lined up outside rooms at many of these
parties waiting for their turn with a
girl inside the room
these boys included mark judge and Brett
Kavanaugh now the first accuser dr.
Blasi Ford had mentioned that Mark judge
was also in the room when Brett
Kavanaugh allegedly attempted to rape
her so he has now been named by two of
the accusers also in approximately 1982
I became the victim of one of these gang
or train rapes where mark judge and
Brett Kavanaugh were present now the
wording there is incredibly important
because she never specifies specifically
that they participated in the alleged
gang rape she says that they were
present so I think that it's important
for her to clear this up and and
hopefully she'll have an opportunity to
testify about these allegations as well
she also says during the incident I was
incapacitated without my consent and
unable to fight off the boys raping me I
believe I was drugged with quaaludes or
something similar placed in what I was
drinking also she says shortly after the
incident I shared what had transpired
with at least two other people okay so
these are heavy heavy charges
as heavy as it gets and so now what
anna has been emphasizing throughout the
week becomes an inescapable conclusion
how could you not have the FBI
investigate now again it's except for an
expanded background check that they have
done in similar occasions before as they
did in the Clarence Thomas and ADA Hill
situation because at this point if these
allegations are false that is if she
made it up as a lot of Republicans are
charging now it is the worst smear job
that we've seen maybe ever so if I'm
Kavanagh oh okay we're not gonna
investigate this outrageous outrageous
charge and we're just gonna let it stand
and then I'm gonna go on the court cuz
you guys gonna rush a vote and then for
then on everybody's gonna think that I'm
part of that I'm a rapist attempted
rapist gang rapists etc so you've got to
clear his name if he didn't do it and
then of course if he did do it he
shouldn't be anywhere I mean he should
be in a court but not on the Supreme
Court that and and it would be the worst
decision we have ever made in regards to
the Supreme Court
to put him on it because there's no now
it's become more binary it's it's less
hey did he do that at a I I don't know
they were all heavy heavy charges but
but the Ramirez one there is a question
of memory etc this one she's fairly
clear but not completely clear on very
serious allegations and you can't do
that to the guy if he didn't do it and
you can't have him on the Supreme Court
if he did it it's DOS to me it's so
stark how can you go forward without
more information as I've said before
what makes me uncomfortable about this
whole situation is that this is all
going through the court of public
opinion as opposed to having nonpartisan
professionals look into it and usually
the response you get from those
supporting the Trump administration I'm
talking about members of the base not
necessarily the politicians is well the
FBI doesn't do criminal investigations
of rape
but no one's asking for a criminal
investigation although I think an
argument can be made that you know you
know state prosecutors should look into
this as well because these are serious
charges but putting that aside the FBI
would investigate this specifically to
see if these allegations have any piece
of truth to them so senators can make
the right decision in either confirming
him or not confirming him if I were
accused of anything like this and I knew
I was innocent I would be calling for
the FBI to investigate it but instead
you have Republican senators members of
the Senate Judiciary Committee just
flat-out
refusing to do it they say no no he's
innocent this is a smear campaign and
then they refuse to get the FBI involved
why why if he's innocent you should get
the FBI involved you absolutely should
want that to clear his name well what
are they afraid of so there's two things
here that are really important one if
you're applying for any job at any
company and three women came forward and
said to your prospective employer oh by
the way he committed sexual assault
against me including an up to gang rape
your employer would pause before hiring
you and a bare minimum if they're going
to be fair to you they would look into
it and see are these wild allegations
that are totally made up for some reason
against this guy or are do they have any
chance of being true what any rational
employer wouldn't do is I don't worry
about it
who cares about rape allegations don't
worry about it let's just hire the guy
and maybe later it'll be a gigantic
legal liability but who cares no
employer in the country would do that
except for what one of the most
important jobs in the country to put a
lifetime appointment on the Supreme
Court it isn't it is now in an argument
you cannot make that we should rush one
of the most important jobs with less
checks then you would get if you were
applying for a job at the local Walmart
okay so and and then secondarily if
you're asking what guys the FBI things
gonna delay we're past that
there's too many allegations are you
really that concerned about the politics
of this
like is a political win more important
than ensuring that the newest Supreme
Court justice is not possibly a rapist I
mean come on okay so okay but if you're
asking but guys what would that good and
what could the FBI possibly find out a
lot so they're not going to have a
conclusion FBI does not convict anyone
and this is a background check
it's not even presenting evidence in a
trial its presenting evidence to people
making the employment decision so what
are the things that they could find out
hey miss sweat Nick who were the other
people at the party who was you mean you
are alleging a gang rape of yourself
here it's a super important charge you
have any idea who was involved you say
he is present what does present mean was
he at the party was the in line do you
know if he participated those are really
relevant questions can you name a single
other person at the party then you go
see if they can corroborate was there
such a party was she added was Kavanagh
added did anyone else know about spiking
the drinks no sir
how do you make a decision without
knowing those either way I I don't know
how you could possibly know for sure
which unfortunately by the way yes both
sides are doing it so the republic's are
absolutely sure he didn't do it how I
don't know and yes there are people on
the Left who say I believe them period
and I get why they say that but I don't
think that's how this process works well
but to be fair to the Democratic
senators they might say I believe her
but they're specifically calling for an
FBI investigation
now after the third accuser came forward
and since these accusations are so
hideous some of them have called for you
know the withdrawal of Kavanagh as a
Supreme Court nominee but they are still
emphasizing the importance of at least
doing an investigation to figure out
what's at the bottom of this what's the
truth let's figure this thing out also I
want to give you a little bit of
background on Julie sweat Nick as well
so you kind of get a sense of who she is
so she apparently has multiple
clearances to work for government jobs
so for instance she had
clearances for the Treasury Department
the US Mint IRS State Department and
Justice Department other other
government agencies as well and I don't
know why someone would put their face
out there with false accusations given
how incredibly cruel you know Trump
supporters and Senate Judiciary members
particularly Republicans have been
toward women who have come forward to
easy ways for young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
