it has been reported that the government
plans on allowing individuals who do
some forms of trophy hunting in Zimbabwe
and Zambia to come back with their
trophy now this has to do with elephants
specifically and the government has not
announced this policy officially however
if this became apparent when an
organization that wants to essentially
deregulate some hump teeing abroad
announced it to some of their fans and
volunteers so the Trump administration
does plan to allow hunters to bring
trophies of elephants they killed in
Zimbabwe and Zambia back to the United
States reversing a banned put in place
by the Obama administration back in 2014
now there was a good reason why the
Obama administration put that ban in
place at that time it was reported that
the elephant population had decreased
significantly it was listed as an
endangered species in fact still listed
as endangered so even though these
elephants are listed as endangered under
the Endangered Species Act a provision
in the Act allows the government to give
permits to import such trophies if there
is evidence that the hunting benefits
Conservation for that species so I want
to be absolutely clear about something
look I I don't understand the appeal of
this hunting I don't understand the
appeal of hunting period right but my
opinion or my emotions about it are not
relevant what what is relevant is
whether or not there ever any cases
where hunting could help raise money for
conservation efforts and that does
happen so that's not just a lame talking
point you know there could be cases
where there's a particular animal that's
extremely old or is now being harmful to
the other animals and so they will allow
a permit to hunt that animal down and
then that person can take that animal's
head or something as a trophy and then
the money that they pay to get that
permit goes toward conservation efforts
so I want to give the full you know
story but at the same time I mean when
you look at the numbers of these
elephants and you also consider some of
the corruption happening in these
countries and and sometimes how they lie
about certain number
it makes you worry so the permits will
apply to elephants hunted in Zimbabwe
from January 21st 2 2016 2 December 31st
2018 and elephants hunted in Zambia
during 2016 2017 and 2018 for
applications that meet all other
applicable requirements now the savannah
elephant populations declined
significantly 30% across 18 countries in
Africa from 2007 to 2014 which is why in
2014 Obama passed that regulation now
that put their remaining numbers at just
over 350,000 there's another component
of the story that we'll get to in a
second like why considering everything
that's happening in the country is the
government focusing on this issue and
look Trump's sons love to do this type
of hunting trophy hunters and it was
also an Obama thing so in a spirit of I
want to get rid of everything that Obama
did yeah it fits that cattle card in his
wallet next to his bed that says things
Obama did and he's just going through
them one by one cuz he just didn't like
the fact that Obama made fun of them at
the White House Correspondents Dinner
but anyone with a conscience can't be
good with this these animals are
endangered elephants are being poached
they're being hunted relentlessly by
people who don't give a shit about the
law and they are losing habitat you know
they're losing habitat to us we're
beginning to eliminate their habitat on
a scale that reduces them to smaller and
smaller amounts of acreage for them to
to roam and to live and as a result that
pens them in and by being penned in now
with helicopters with infrared scopes
they are hunted and they're hunted in
brutal ways often times elephants and an
entire herd of elephants will be killed
because the water the watering hole is
poisoned by poachers why because they
want the ivory it is a there is a
brutality to it that shows the darkest
of hearts and I can't imagine being part
of a country that would sanction
in this way and by the way just on the
documentation I love that documentation
thing because so much money is paid for
this you know these rich kids like the
Trump should go over there and trophy
hunt let's go to their pictures by the
way Wilde mark makes it look at this but
they can get the documentation because
for a quarter of a million dollars don't
draft any document you want that's an
elephant tale that Donald Trump jr. is
holding with bullets around his waist
and a knife and he looks like it's just
sick it's despicable and these are these
are great sentient creatures who are
highly social as you know and already as
I say their habitats delicate as it is
has been awfully disturbed in and what
kind of insecure displacement she's MO
do you need for this shit no it's a true
harm and there are people that wake up
every day in this world raising money
for conservation and thankfully people
giving money for conservation that to do
this in the name of some kind of
conservation is as disingenuous you know
forget that money that you get for this
and and other people if they know that
they're short a million dollars you'll
be able to raise a million dollars in
the world to save the savanna to save
the the the African elephants and it
does say so much about the man who's our
president that he raised in my opinion
too raised kids to can smile in front of
a dead animal like that and hold a piece
of its body it's just I don't understand
it yeah it's really bad Anna sorry one
little piece of irony is in Zimbabwe
today it was agreed that there's a way
now to get Robert Mugabe the the
lifelong dictator come president out of
that country with safe passage yeah but
but you can this is a man who has killed
and and impoverished generations of
Zimbabwean since it became Zimbabwe
after Rhodesia he is he has destroyed
that country but he can go out alive
with safe passage and have a happy
landing but our president said no you
can bring them the head of an elephant
all them or the foot of an elephant or
whatever it is it's terrible if you
liked this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
