back in August of this year lawmakers in
Australia called for a postal survey of
their population a popular referendum to
see where the Australian population
stood on the issue of gay marriage now
the results of this are technically
non-binding if you know they vote in
favor of gay marriage we don't suddenly
have gay marriage in Australia but the
idea was that this would actually guide
action by the government and so after
almost two months of votes coming in
it's done
and we have the results and they voted
yes sixty one percent of the population
61.6% saying yes same-sex marriage
should be legalized but perhaps more
importantly almost 80 percent of the
population of eligible voters actually
turned out I mean this is this is a
referendum vote you know obviously there
have been a lot of publicity it's an
important issue passions run hot on both
sides but it's not like like a
presidential election you would assume
this might have lower turnout but 80% in
fact the majority voted yes in 133 out
of 150 electorates there was no age or
gender group that a turnout rate lower
than 68 percent and so everybody was
pretty invested in this and they
actually voted the right way the Prime
Minister Malcolm Turnbull said we must
respect the voice of the people we asked
them for their opinion and they have
given it to us it is unequivocal it is
overwhelming and Turnbull is said a vote
will come before Christmas right so
Parliament is planning on voting on it
and actually doing right because this
vote as John had mentioned earlier is
non-binding but I'm really curious like
it's likely Parliament will vote in a
way that represents the people of
Australia right seems like I hope they
do that but there still is like that
tiny chance that they might not it so
yeah and the situation that led to this
is complicated I would leave it to an
expert on Australian domestic politics
to break it down but there are bits of
talk about the possibility of amending
the constitution to allow same-sex
marriage and then there was difficulties
with the forming the governing coalition
and that's one of the things that led to
this and a lot of people were not happy
about this vote being conducted for one
thing I think estimates said it would
cost Australian taxpayers 122 million
dollars to conduct which is a lot of
money and the
there was also the possibility that when
you turn something like this to a
referendum that maybe the people who are
opposed to it or more likely to rally
their supporters and it could have gone
down and so from what I know one or two
people in Australia and they've told me
it's caused a lot of issues there where
people are they they're distrustful of
each other they're angry of each other
because people are posting things for or
against gay marriage now but at least
thankfully after all of this all these
problems all this strife and everything
it looks like they're moving the
direction of legalization and if we
could bring up this graphic you're gonna
see a worldwide map of the current
locations where it is legal and so I
believe this would be the 35th country
that would legalize it a couple
countries cut off on the end there we
don't know exactly what's happening with
them but you see it's spreading okay if
you looked at that map five years ten or
20 years ago it would not look like that
and so that is what progress looks like
in practice
Young Turks membership creates
independent media believe me no ads
believe me all the shows believe me on
demand believe me support independent
media believe me it's awesome
tremendous you'll love it believe me and
by the end you'll be thinking you know
I'm like a smart person TYT Network comm
/join
