radar online has obtained a police
report that was written back in February
15th of 2010 strong john travolta it was
written by 21 year old masseuse who
claimed that he was sexually assaulted
by john travolta and even though the
police report was written it was never
made public and they managed to get a
hold of it and publish it and so I
wanted to share with you the allegations
made against Travolta and how this case
later played out now the 21 year old who
has not been identified again he was 21
at the time of this incident back in
2011 Travolta he says that his bare
buttocks was groped John Travolta
indecently exposed himself and made lewd
remarks about gay fantasies now this
allegedly took place at the La Quinta
hotel in Palm Springs California when
sure Volt's had demanded a deep body
massage at the facility Spa which had
been opened after midnight for the
actor's private use On February 15 mm
now according to the allegations that
again were recorded in this police
report during the massage the star kept
removing the towel exposing his bare
buttocks after a body scrub treatment
he says Travolta told him quote he was
very attractive and that he had gotten
him excited hold on I gotta fill in some
blanks that we didn't make graphics out
of so he told you no he told this
masseuse allegedly that he was attracted
to him and that he was getting excited
by that and then at that point Travolta
allegedly asked him to go into the steam
room with him and they both went in they
were wearing towels at that point
Travolta took his towel off and and told
him do you want me to show you how I
like my massages and then the masseuse
said sure and he was lying down on his
stomach Travolta allegedly moved his
towel had started to massage him in his
inner thigh upper thigh and then he got
uncomfortable got up and left and then
he said he was taking a shower Travolta
followed him into the shower and asked
him if he wanted to have his back soaked
up and he said no left got dressed
and then he was supposed to give
Travolta some other massage but he
refused to do so packed up his stuff and
he called the authorities and that was
when this police report was written now
other accusations that were detailed in
the police report these are difficult to
even read so I'm warning you guys
Travolta asked him if he had ever had
his asshole licked by another man what
would he do if he ever had a sexual
encounter with another man and if so
tell him what he would do so he Travolta
could have something to fantasize about
these were comments that were made when
the masseuse was packing up his stuff
after he refused to give trouble to
another massage man I'm not sure there's
gonna be any end to these stories so
forever there's been rumors that John
Travolta is gay if you lived in LA I
don't know almost everybody knows that
in LA but you know then you tell people
that don't live in LA and they're like
what John Travolta no way Thanks are you
gonna do is tell me that Tom Cruise is
gay did I say that out loud anyway so
okay so that's but who cares if he's gay
that's not the issue here
right then the other part of it is by
the way not masseuse but masseur I'm is
that really am I saying it wrong is it
for a guy a guy is a masseur oh I
apologize I actually didn't know that
super ignorant no no no I didn't know it
until I read this stuff anyway so but
masseuses and masseuse must have a
million of these stories so now if these
start coming out it'll be you know one
after another after another right how
many times is especially a person is to
cut it's any degree of power it's a guy
gay or straight right right getting a
massage I mean you know I go to any
masseuse or masseur and ask them these
questions and to you and I would be
shocked if every single one of them
didn't say that it has happened at some
point now by the way does that make it
right absolutely not but this is this is
the development of society right so as
we people get the message don't you're
just because their masseuse doesn't
you get to ask them to do crazy things
or touch them or proposition that met
cetera of course and so I just wanted to
fill you guys in on what happened with
this case as I mentioned a police report
was filed immediately the allegations
were sexual battery however the police
did not open an investigation because
they believe that there was not enough
in the there was not enough evidence to
prosecute so that was the decision made
later there was a civil suit two
separate civil suits against John
Travolta by masseurs and both cases were
dropped in one of the cases there wasn't
evidence that John Travolta was in the
same place at the same time meaning the
same city at the same time or even the
same state at the same time so that's
relevant and it's super in the second
case it's unclear why that was dropped
but neither case before and guys so
accusations don't mean that it
definitely happened yeah okay and these
were not adjudicated and it might be
that they were not adjudicated because
the cops are like he's got a lot of
power let's let this go okay and but has
that happened before in American history
only a million times or it might be that
they were like look it is you don't have
enough evidence that there was
non-consensual touching within the
context of this massage that's entirely
possible right and and in the case of
Travolta he is enormously wealthy so
when you have a case where the guy says
he touched me inappropriately but it
turns out Travolta wasn't even in that
city mm that sounds fishy right so let's
let's make sure that we're shining a
light on things that are going wrong so
that we can fix it and I think that we
are doing that now overall and I think
the society is getting to a better place
and guys are being more careful that's a
good thing okay at the same time let's
respect people's rights and I have no
idea here if Travolta did anything wrong
or not wrong right and don't obviously
some for you progresses out there you
won't do this but some will jump to
conclusions because it has in their mind
a tawdry angle that Travolta's gay and
etc who cares about that stuff so but
not every
accusations means that the person
actually did it so let's all be as fair
as we possibly can as we discuss these
cases that are important to society and
and coming to a new place where actions
like this if they are true are frowned
upon which is which is good news overall
yes if you like The Young Turks you'll
love Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
