a sixth woman has come forward with
sexual assault allegations against
former President George HW Bush the only
difference between the latest allegation
is the age in which this woman alleges
that she was groped now this allegedly
happened back in 2003 her name is
Rosalyn Corrigan and she said that the
alleged incident occurred during an
event that she attended with her parents
in 2003 at the CIA's offices in The
Woodlands Texas when she and her parents
posed for a photo was bush
this is a common theme among all the
other allegations Bush was 79 at the
time Corrigan said he groped her behind
so let me give you her exact quotes she
said as soon as the picture was being
snapped the 1 2 3
he dropped his hands from my waist down
to my buttocks and gave it a nice ripe
squeeze which would account for the fact
that in the photograph my mouth is
hanging wide open I was like oh my
goodness what just happened
now she was only 16 at the time so keep
in mind you're talking about a former
President of the United States allegedly
groping a 16 year old she was incredibly
intimidated she didn't know what to do
she said at the time what does a
teenager say the ex-president of the
United States I mean I would be
terrified I wouldn't say anything I
would handle it the same way that she
did you know to be quite honest with you
and and the incredible thing is
spokespeople from Bush's camp aren't
denying it they're like yeah he thought
it was good-natured and there was
nothing wrong with it let me give you
their quote George Bush simply does not
have it in his heart to knowingly cause
anyone harm or distress and he again
apologizes to anyone he may have
offended during a photo-op
okay so if you watched show a long time
you know that I have a soft spot for
poppy so I'm a little biased and so and
if you wonder why's two things that
George Bush did that were principled
George HW Bush that his son didn't have
anywhere near the principle of so one he
had said read my lips no new taxes
but when he saw on the the budget was
out of control he raised taxes and
knowing that it would cost him
politically in a debt and and it was the
right thing to do and he didn't go into
Iraq he did Kuwait and there's a million
things that he did wrong okay but
everybody put a world of pressure on him
to go into Iraq means it's gonna be a
mess I'm not gonna do it that's not why
we're here
so I respect those decisions of his
you're just giving you background so you
know why you know I don't view him as as
I do the current day Republicans now but
in the case that's not at all relevant
to this story I'm just giving you my
bias okay in this case I think it's not
the bias I think that it's me genuinely
asking the question of is it different
when it's someone that is that old and
doesn't know how wrong it is all right
and so and I'm okay no no it's not
remotely an excuse what I'm asking is it
different so so here I'll give you okay
so this is super uncomfortable but the
Roy Moore example right so Roy Moore
when he was in his 30s and he's not
nearly as old as George HW Bush meaning
that he didn't grow up in that era he
grew up kind of in our era right and so
now Roy Moore is on a spring chicken but
but you know he more modern ear anyway
so he and he was 32 when he is groping
16 year olds to try to sleep with them
right as opposed to George HW Bush who's
79 and then and then in his 80s and
grabbing them from the wheelchair and
then making a joke the joke he always
made and he this all the time he did it
in front of his wife and everyone else
is his oh my favorite magician is David
Copperfield so it that to me says at
least in his mind he doesn't think he's
doing anything wrong because he's
publicly announcing it he's that like
Roy Moore grabs him in the back of a
parking lot he's doing this out in
public you see what I'm saying so it's
definitely different the question is I
guess does that matter it doesn't matter
no it's he's horribly guilty look I see
what I'm saying I I do see what you're
saying and I think bad actors who act
poorly in a variety of situations will
justify to themselves that what they're
doing is not
bad now this is an extreme example but
Rodrigo Duterte
in the Philippines thinks that it's
totally okay to have extrajudicial
killings of drug addicts right and it is
that he's doing something good now in
Bush's head maybe he thinks what he's
doing is innocent but what this says to
me and what it communicates to me is
this sense of entitlement to put your
hands on any other individual without
consent and think that it's totally okay
right don't put your hands on people
just don't touch people you are not I
don't care if you're the president of
the United States I don't care what kind
of power you yield you do not have the
ability to go ahead and just grope
people grab people any way you like
whenever you like yeah and so let me be
clear about two things one there's no
excuse for it so don't do it okay so
we're not negotiating about whether he's
allowed to do it he's definitely not
allowed to do it furthermore if you're
the ex-president of the United States
you have a further responsibility to not
do it because you hold power over people
here's a 16 year old girl intimidated by
your power so you don't abuse that power
you should go further out of your way to
make sure you're not doing
I guess what I'm talking about is
consequences if if I'm at a Thanksgiving
get-together and some creeper from is
cornering a 16 year old when he's 32 and
we catch him like I'm turning him into
over the cops right right if an eight 79
year old grandpa is kidding around a
David Copperfield's we're taking a
picture in front of everybody he grabs
it as you're pulling them aside going
grabs you're not allowed to do that
that's crazy
don't ever do that again but you're not
turning them over the cops you see what
I'm saying i it's hard to say what my
reaction would be in that situation
because look it's it's it's interesting
because prior to experiencing this exact
thing myself I didn't see it as that big
of a deal I'm being completely on it's
like okay it's an ass grab it's not the
end of the world because when you hear
about sexual assault and when you hear
about rape you know some of the
allegations are so brutal and so
terrible that it makes something like an
ass grab seem innocent and then when I
experienced it myself you feel so
violated right and you feel you feel
like you start questioning yourself
right am i doing something wrong am i
dressed inappropriately am i carrying
myself a certain way do I look do I look
slutty you know and you start feeling
really bad about yourself it's like
really degrading and demeaning and so
that didn't happen to me by someone in a
position of power like an ex-president
so I can't imagine what it's like to be
a 16 year old and experienced this by a
former President of the United States
yeah and that feeling of powerlessness
it cetera is makes it even worse yeah so
we just having a conversation that so
that you hear everybody's perspective
and understand and if you're a guy and
you don't you didn't get it well the
Anna's saying something very interesting
that you should take note of if you
think it's not a big deal that doesn't
mean it's not a big deal it's it's not
about you it's about the person you're
doing it to if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
