an earthquake struck on the border of
Iran and Iraq and unfortunately hundreds
of people have died as a result
Iran's Western kermanshah province bore
the brunt of this trembler with Iran's
state-run news agency reporting the
quake killed 341 people in the country
and injured nearly 6,000 in Iraq the
earthquake killed at least seven people
and injured 535 all in the country's
northern semi-autonomous Kurdish region
so what we've seen on social media in
regard to some of the destruction is
rather terrible and honestly when you
look at this destruction it's it's
surprising that more lives were lost but
the community is getting together coming
together and doing what they can to
recover from you know the tragedy I want
to give credit to a government we almost
never give credit to these days which is
Turkey they rushed in to help and they
sent 3000 tents and heaters 10,000 beds
and blankets and was so their neighbors
shouldn't they do that yes they should
and but Iran and Turkey do not get along
and recently the Kurdish area voted for
independence in September and a
referendum now they're not inside Turkey
but even so that Turks feel that is
threatening because their word that
they're their own Kurdish population
will declare independence so they were
furious about that vote but when the
earthquake happened so even they have
issues with both side both Iran and that
portion of Iraq air diwan's government
rushed in to help not a guy would
compliment often but credit where credit
is due and and he did rush in to help in
ROH hanga as well when for Bangladesh so
that so that's positive and by the way
it's also smart if America should rush
in to help right because yes we don't
get along with Iran but it's a good
moment to be magnanimous and no
automatic
yeah and offer help which America
actually to be fair does all the time
and we also criticized the American
government fairly regularly but we have
been great
with humanitarian aid in situations like
this so let's also Russian and fellow
help our fellow humans if you like this
clip of The Young Turks you know there's
a whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
