Louie CK has released a statement
following the New York Times piece that
detailed sexual abuse and misconduct by
the comedian he says in part these
stories are true at the time I said to
myself that what I did was ok because I
never showed a woman my dick without
asking first which is also true but what
I learned later in life too late is that
when you have power over another person
asking them to look at your dick isn't a
question it's a predicament for them the
power I had over these women is that
they admired me and I wielded that power
irresponsibly
I also took advantage of the fact that I
was widely admired in my and their
community which disabled them from
sharing their story and brought hardship
to them when they tried because people
who look up to me didn't want to hear it
I didn't think that I was doing any of
that because my position allowed me not
to think about it I deeply regret that
this has brought negative attention to
my manager Dave Becky who only tried to
mediate a situation that I caused I
brought anguish and hardship to the
people at FX who have given me so much
the orchard who took a chance on my
movie and every other entity that has
bet on me through the years I've brought
pain to my family my friends my children
and their mother the fallout from the
piece by The Times and these allegations
coming forward is that Netflix has
dropped their plans to air a Lois
special also in less than 24 hours since
The Times broke its story CK has been
cut loose by his film distributor by HBO
and now by Netflix FX the current home
of CK produced better things in the
original airing network of Lois you'd a
statement that said the allegations were
quote under review and that the network
was troubled by what came to light in
the times also the orchard has announced
that they will not be moving forward
with the release of the film I love you
daddy
just a very short statement from them
ending with a thank you now I want to
get a response from this panel but what
I want I want to do first is just to
break down a little bit about his
statement that he released we read it
just in part but if you read the full
thing you'll see words they're like
remorseful reconcile regret a
combination of words he won't see is I'm
sorry or I apologize what I think is
important to remember is that this
acknowledgment is a result not of his
own reflection on the situation it is a
result of us now knowing about these
allegations
the New York Times have published this
is evidence because in early September
the New York Times asked him directly at
a press junket about the allegations
probably knowing full well that they
were going to be releasing the story and
then CK was asked about it then before
the Harvey Weinstein piece before public
opinion in suede he says quote if you
actually participate in a rumor you make
it real
when pressed a further on that he said
they're rumors that's all it is so
obviously just to straight-up why now
with that said I want to toss to you
guys this is obviously incredibly
disgusting and just chimed in guys
okay so I'm because I'm I will say I was
talking to someone on tape I'm really
heated about this yeah that's the
correct response okay well we're gonna
have range of opinions on it so this
this could get interesting okay here's
what I need clarification on yeah grace
to what degree do they have power over
these five different okay so in the late
1990s there was an anonymous woman who
was working on a television show of
which he was a producer and a writer she
was working in production and then in
2002 Dana Goodman Julia wall of they
were performers at a u.s. comedy Arts
Festival they referred to theirs they're
coming onto this festival as their quote
big break
CK was a featured performer there so
that means he's top-billed he's not
there he's not their boss necessarily
but he wields more power in that
situation 2003 Abbey Shofner was an
up-and-coming comedian who called Louie
who was at that time a staff writer on
Cedric the Entertainer show to invite
him to a gig he then responded to that
by masturbating over the phone while he
was talking to her and then in 2005
Rebecca Corey was on a pilot Louie was
the guest star on that pilot when he
asked her if he could masturbate in
front of her okay
so I have a range of opinions on those
things and so but you know we're all
here we're all discussing so first one
thing I liked was his flat-out admission
at this point which is usually
half-measures Harvey Weinstein with you
know if I did anything you know fine I
feel bad about that but I'm now gonna
fight the NRA
which is random in a horrible horrible
non-apology roger ailes bill o'reilly
the worst of the worst in terms of not
admitting it etc he just comes out and
says i did it so that was a tiny bit
refreshing on the other hand grace is
absolutely right he was caught he never
said he did it before he was caught
flat-out denied it and he didn't only
denied it before and so unlike bill
clinton he didn't go around smearing all
of the people that had accused them of
it that's another big difference but his
manager according to some of them you
know the charges try to dissuade people
from coming forward that's bad okay and
and when we say his manager it is
perhaps the most powerful manager in the
comedy world which is incredibly insular
very protective they protect their own
so it's not just you know any manager i
know it's sort of like oh he has a
manager Dave Becky represents Aziz
Ansari Amy Poehler and other big names
that I'm blanking on three arts
entertainment is huge in the comedy
world to be represented so it's a very
he was a powerful man represented by it
and equally if not more powerful man in
Hollywood so but I want to be clear
because now every one of these new
revelations is get puts in the same
sentence as Weinstein and Cosby and all
those guys right and I don't think that
this one belongs in that category and
again you guys tell me why I'm wrong on
this but it seems like the only one he
didn't ask incentive was the one on the
phone now he asked for consent on on all
the other ones which i think is enormous
ly important now did he abuse a position
of power the answer seems to be kind of
in some of those situations so none of
these women directly work for him now
that's not a complete blanket excuse
okay he did have more powerful than them
in some of the places where they co
worked and so that is really relevant
but if you just get into louis c.k is a
really powerful guy and hence by
definition even asking for consent and
then making a woman uncomfortable in a
situation where there's a
misunderstanding or whatever to me
that's not a crime at all not that's
just the that's nothing so when they
work together it's a different and
complicated dynamic
so that's that's my tiga he even
acknowledged that just him asking for
consent to do this in that situation
puts women in a compromising position
just because he's louis c.k and they are
not so Simone I hear you but it let's
again let's draw the lines here and you
know and this is all just our opinions
but if a spouse is he so powerful he's
not allowed to ask to have any kind of
sexual relation with anyone that's crazy
that can't be the standard but they want
together that's it why did he address it
in his in his statement why did he say
that I I knew that I had power over
these women who admired me and I will
did that power irresponsibly he himself
says that that was irresponsible in the
way that he did it I don't disagree that
powerful people can have sex with less
powerful people and there can be consent
involved but I mean there are different
situations and context I think for each
incident and he said as much he said
that it was irresponsible the way to do
the way that he went about it and also
think about time and place for consent I
mean and I even I feel weird even using
hey is it okay if I whip my dick out and
you're a lesser-known individual and
then it's louis c.k who is literally one
of the biggest names in in i would say
in the 21st century 20th century comedy
you know that's not like using a shank
he asks rebecca corey on set when
they're on set hey like could i
masturbate in front of you the answer is
obviously no and he knows that he asked
after she said she's like hey dude you
have a pregnant wife and also a wife so
so no and he was like I'm sorry you know
I have issues he knows it's wrong he he
acknowledges that his behavior is is
wrong that's not the time or place to
ask for consent if you can masturbate
when you're in a place of work where
they work so grace I don't want anybody
to misunderstand in that scenario I
totally agree with you okay okay so he
in that scenario he is clearly in a
position of power on the same show that
they are working on and he puts her in
an awkward untenable situation and it's
not fair to her so
so that's why I'm trying to delineate
between the different cases in another
case he's a staff writer he's not the
legendary louis c.k yet it is 14 years
ago and so and in one case he has a
bigger billing on the same comedy show
that they're in okay I guess you have a
responsibility to be more careful in
that situation but it's not like I
definitely control the fate of the
universe and if you don't do this you'll
be in a lot of trouble it's just a it's
a different dynamic so I think it's
important to make those distinctions
otherwise any infraction gets what you
get you put in the same category as
Weinstein and ales and Cosby and I don't
think that's right either so you don't
think louis c.k belongs in that category
with that pool of men definitely not no
so like so in fact Weinstein and Brett
Ratner very similar fact scenario right
except with one enormous difference
Ratner says the Olivia Munn would in the
first instance he doesn't ask her he
doesn't say anything she works for him
on a set that he's the director on she
walks in at that time as an intern or
whatever into his trailer and he
immediately masturbates in front of her
no consent asked clearly the boss that
is 100% guilty right so Ailes though
they work for him O'Reilly they work for
him and O'Reilly non-consensual
masturbation and then Harvey Weinstein
asked for sex she says no in a situation
where he has her cornered in in a little
like remote area of a restaurant right
where there's nobody else around she
says no and then he says then shut up
and stand there while he masturbates
clearly non-consensual position of power
those are I mean if we can't say that
that's worse I'm afraid that we're gonna
then make those crimes like that
diminishes those crimes those crimes are
really really really bad I hear you I
just feel it I don't think that we
should be qualifying when it comes to
sexual misconduct it feels wrong to say
well he only did this because then it's
world we're sort of allowing him to
perhaps enter into the space Simona
also talking about this before he went
to tape is how many years until we
forgive him and he puts out a Netflix
special that's called I'm sorry I messed
up you know and that's something that we
look if you do this at any job you're
fired
he's like he's proven that when given a
position of power he will abuse that
will because you're talking about the
allegations before it wasn't so he was
just a staff writer but then he becomes
more powerful and what he gets more bold
with his actions so I think that I I
understand what you say about you don't
want to diminish the the other
accusations of the other one but I don't
think that we're doing that by just
calling out the very bad behavior of
louis c.k i don't think that diminishes
the other women who have come forward in
the case of like Weinstein and uh Brett
Ratner let's treat each case as an
individual louis c.k fucked up we should
be able to call him out for that and he
should be able to say I'm sorry or I
apologize your stupid statement I'm
gonna leave the qualifying or or ranking
of sexual misconduct and end sex crimes
up to the victims but I do want to talk
about the timing of this statement he
has this film that's coming out I love
you daddy
and he wrote and directed the film and
even wrote a character into the film
that masturbates or pretends to
masturbate in front of people and so a
lot of I haven't seen the film but a lot
of people who have seen the film say wow
this is very familiar behavior this
actually is pretty reminiscent of the
rumors that have been going around about
louis c.k for years so he spoke to the
New York Times in September and said you
know these are just when the New York
Times brought up these allegations he
said those are just rumors as you read
that statement grace and now a couple
months later he's coming out after the
New York Times published this
investigation in these reports and now
he's saying now he's got this long you
know remorseful apology and this this
very in-depth statement now honestly
before like before I set foot in this in
this set I think I had a more
open-minded approach to his to his
apology and I wanted to say wow if if
someone is going to come forward and say
yes I admitted to all this and what I
did was wrong
then we have to acknowledge States
statements like that so that other
abusers feel comfortable coming forward
before they are caught I don't know if
louis c.k would have done this if he
hadn't been caught but i just questioned
i questioned the timing of this because
it seems like he was more willing to
profit off of his victims and their
stories then he was willing to
acknowledge that those stories actually
happened he only did that when he was
caught red-handed okay
I think last question if they there was
no dynamic where they're working
together let's say it's a fan and he any
asked can I masturbate in front of you
it is deeply uncomfortable okay and you
you could say it's quote/unquote wrong
but I mean is that a problem is he you
see then in trouble does he have to
apologize for that because he's way more
powerful than the fan I mean it's a good
question I think it comes down to time
and place and consent and the dynamic
between if it was a fan that oh I really
wanted to hook up with louis c.k that
night but no that's not what we're
hearing from any of these women none of
these women were like we were kind of
hitting it off we were chat it was
that's not what was happening it was
they admired this comedian he said that
he wanted to spend time with them or she
felt so so moved that she could even
call him up and invite him to a show to
which he starts masturbating over the
phone so I don't think that we it's it's
it's a question that is a little is
hypothetical because we don't know
that's not what the accounts that have
come forward because these the women
that have come forward were women that
somehow worked with him that were in the
entertainment space and especially in
the world of comedy that can be pretty
broad whether they were working on set
whether they were fellow comedians so
that that's the dynamic that we're
dealing with with the CATIA counts that
have come forward I think Genki just you
have to understand what it's like to be
a woman alone in a room with a powerful
man and that may be something that
you'll never understand but I think I
think you saw that with Weinstein's
accusers I mean he asked he asked the
same question of them and a lot of times
they just they felt unsafe they felt
like if I say no to this man who's
bigger than me who's who can overpower
me
I don't know that I'll be able to get
myself out of this situation so I'm not
I'm not giving you a yes or no to that
answer I'm just saying that sometimes
you gotta understand the dynamic look I
understand that and that's why we have
these tough sometimes awkward and
uncomfortable conversations to hear each
other's perspectives so the perspective
of a woman in that tough situation is
important for everyone out there to hear
but I'm also telling you that from the
perspective of a guy if you say a guy is
just too powerful and he could no longer
ask for any sexual act or if he
mistreats a situation and there's a
miscommunication
then he's guilty because he's more
powerful you're gonna have a revolt in
the other direction and guys are gonna
say no way
then I'm not buying any of this I'm
telling you right now that's what's
gonna happen yeah I totally hear that I
I wonder if I wonder if that if there's
no easy answer to that question I think
I think I'm just willing to leave it
there if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
