if it turns out that these allegations
are true and if he has already been
sworn in and voted for the tax bill then
he should step down but yeah so look at
John McCain
doing the right thing saying he should
step down Mitt Romney you know after it
matters since he has no power saying the
same thing but a lot of Republican
politicians don't they want to like
leave themselves some room possibly to
allow himself to still win and as I was
saying a lot of conservative media have
just decided that you know screw all
that we've said about Family Values and
caring about this sort of thing they are
not just going to if it's true more they
are going to attack attack attack
everyone making these allegations and
Sean Hannity has decided to let the
uranium cool off for a couple of days
and so he's turned to this story and is
spending all of his time on it so we're
going to show you a few videos first
here he is with a legal analyst and this
goes back to what you said do people do
it for money do they do a pull up
political reasons how come is that more
common than people would think oh
definitely
I mean they'll do this for a worldwide
to make money undoubtedly I mean there
are individuals that have come forward
with these outrageous allegations and
the network's all women that are victims
yes I mean that's what I used to work in
sex crimes in the DA's office
it was very pitiful to see that because
some jurors don't believe it because
they have they've gone they in their own
lives they're people that have made
these accusations for money you see this
time and time and time again and sexual
harassment that term is is coined
everywhere frankly there aren't the laws
are very clear as to what it takes in
order to be a violation of the law you
have to have some sort of damage and
these individuals a lot of these women
it's all about money and they and they
Bank on the fact that these corporations
this is where all women that are victims
or predators there are there are so all
right very few and far between few and
far between so that is of blame
Association have we been having
nationally about sexual abuse and sexual
harassment few and far between no it's
interesting when Harvey Weinstein was
accused I got these sexual predators
this is dangerous and horrible and
horrific now when it's more and and they
were right about that and and when it's
but when it's Roy Moore and it was Trump
back in the day
of course most imporantly forfox roger
ailes bill o'reilly few and far between
i mean most of them are lying most of
them are goddamn liars you know there's
a tiny tiny fraction that are telling
the truth but most of them are horse
looking for the money by the way this is
legal analyst from fox news so they
bring on women to bash other women so I
know this I know this analyst I I
there's so now say this I think that she
is right people are falsely accused I
think people go after corporations to
get settlement so on and so forth but
this case is uniquely different for a
lot of reasons number one there's
nothing to get from Roy Moore number two
this like this lady put her name out
there she put her whole reputation on
the line and so clearly most of the time
they do it they they would sue they
would try to get a settlement and they
would try to make it all go away in the
shadow of darkness with some gag order
she didn't do that all she went to the
paper said I think that the voters of
Alabama deserve know the truth about
this guy which makes this case different
from somebody going after a Harvey once
it was like I'm going after him because
I want because he's a millionaire and I
want some of his money mind you in this
case we know Harvey wines he's a total
creep but but this particular I just
think they're wrong on this one right
there's thirty sources she put her name
out there she's a trump supporter and
she thinks this guy is wrong and he the
people of Alabama shouldn't elect him
and I think that it's sad that
Republicans whose supposed to be the
party of God and the party of moral
superiority if they would argue are not
disavowing this guy as far as fast as
possible they're like oh well you know
like the Comptroller said well Mary and
Joseph did it so it's alright to do it
in 2018 2017 so here's a mushiya's
Colwin who's the so-called legal analyst
there look she's a partner at a law firm
Gordon Reese I hope to god they don't
have her on some sort of committee that
judges sexual harassment claims because
it's look I guess she's trying to cover
for Roy Moore who according to all these
sources of Washington Post has one less
than a 14-year old so I I hope she feels
proud but not just that case but for her
to come out on TV and say most of the
people who accuse men of sexual
harassment are liars that is not
remotely true and then say most of them
are doing it for money what do you mean
most of them most of them aren't doing
it for against Bill Cosby or Roger Ailes
most
women who report sexual harassment have
to deal with that at work and on a much
lower level than Atlanta catch it it
meant look is there cases where people
live at of course of course is humanity
there's cases all over the place but it
is not the overwhelming percentage and
if she's on some sort of committee I
seems like she would prejudge all the
women negatively yes so it's well I
think it's not just convenient in this
case where they want Roy Moore to win
and it's not just you know generally
more convenient because of the situation
they have at FoxNews where multiple
people in front of and behind the camera
have already gone down for this and
other cases are continuing in the
background like Gretchen Carlson's and
stuff like that but it's also just
generally philosophically convenient for
the sort of person that they mix up
their core audience is that just the 85
year old man who misses the good old
days when you could treat your secretary
the way you wanted to and now they're
all just lying why they taking it so
seriously but there's more that we want
to to show you on this let's go to this
next to me Greg Greg Dara again focusing
on the credibility of those making these
claims and the outlet where it's coming
from you're not a fan of Judge more you
said it the other day on this program I
did before the primary actually that arm
unfit to serve in the US Senate because
not once but twice he was removed from
office for defying federal judicial
decisions on constitutional matters
which he is not allowed to do under the
Supremacy Clause having said that I am
suspicious of this because of the source
the Washington Post which has a dog in
this fight
having endorsed his opponent the timing
of it on the eve of an election and and
finally he was a huge and has been a
huge public figure in Alabama the
best-known son of Alabama and many was
and yet none of this came to surface in
almost four decades and so that gives me
reason to question the credibility of
these people so here's the thing so he's
a huge figure he's been involved in all
these other races it's been four decades
how could you wait for decades okay so
ten years ago he runs for something how
could you bring it up after three deck
after two
Cades you're gonna bring this up well
what if you let a long weekend go by
suddenly it's not a crime anymore at
that point and and the suspicious thing
that that it's coming from the
Washington Post as if these women had
come to Fox News they would have taken
it seriously and they would have broken
a story check you know way which they
wouldn't have done really fast and then
on that the women are coming out now
they're trying to get something as you
said there's no evidence they're trying
to get anything I saw a tweet from a
woman who commenting on the general
thing that's going on our culture is
that all of these women are just coming
forward for all the free death threats
like that's all you get is you get death
threats and rape threats and that's it
it's brave to come forward they're not
being paid off so a couple things I
think they're really great journalists
at Fox News that if this Thursday if the
theme come to Fox I think Fox sort of
report I think Shep would have reported
I think no I think there are a lot of
other good journalism that would have
reported this story number one number
two I think my larger problem with this
is I think in Greg sort of reporting
there he speaks of the problem this guy
was a huge figure in Alabama that is why
this young lady probably took so long to
come forward there's a power element
here yeah and that's what makes these
cases so difficult Vern you in most of
these cases and I think Genki right you
said before we watch the clip that
remember you have to remember that this
type of harassment and assault happens
at you know the topless of top companies
and it also happens at the your local
Wendy's right at your local McDonald's
so there but it's always a power dynamic
that happens so yes he's a huge friggin
Alabama which is why you'd be scared as
a woman who was a random Joe or a random
James who come forward and eventually
you say because all these women are now
saying you know be fierce be brave be
bold hashtag me too then I am now gonna
be bold and I'm gonna come forward I'm
gonna tell my story and hopefully people
will believe my story on its merits and
when she told her story if you look at
the Washington Post reporting they're
like we're not really sure if we believe
your story on face so we're gonna go out
and we're gonna find 29 other sources to
make sure and confirm that your story is
true and so that's why I think this case
is distinct and apart from other cases I
do think people are falsely accused I do
think there should be special those are
falsely accused to tell their story so
it could be a cautionary tale to other
men so don't let make the same mistake
but in this particular case there are 29
other sources beside this young lady and
court records that show that the time in
place where they met up is actually the
time in place because it was actually a
core custody hearing that day so there's
real tenure that proves that this
actually could have happened and the
fact that Republicans outside of the Fox
News stratosphere but Republicans the
President of the United States the fact
that Jerry Falwell the head of Liberty
University which is supposed to be you
know they are suppose to be the closest
thing as a Liberty University and then
heaven right the fact that he is saying
that all what these are all false I
don't believe the Washington Post and
I'm like wait a minute but what happens
to all the women who go to Liberty
University yeah what are you gonna stand
up for these in when they come forward
and they tell their stories how do you
guys handle sexual assault sexual
harassment on your campus I mean these
are the questions you have to now ask
yourselves about what's really going on
here and if they are supposed to have
the moral high ground then where is the
moral high ground yes so couple things
about that
first of all look it every time there's
a story like this Fox 2 that affects
conservative Fox News comes out about
how about all the people who are falsely
accused I don't think that every time
there's a crime we have to have an
enormous conversation about all the
people who do false accusations and I
know that because if you watch Fox News
whenever a liberal is accused there's no
conversation about false accusations
when they covered Harvey Weinstein over
and over again there's not but on the
other hand there's a lot of false
accusations because so you never know
about Harvey I didn't remember those
caveats when Fox News covered that only
when Republicans in conservatism or less
little kids all of a sudden remember
there's also false accusations it could
be false so it's a total squirrel move
to try to distract you of course there
are false accusations across the world
and everything we don't have to say that
every time cuz they're trying to get you
to think no no no it's probably not true
because we want this guy to win even
though he's a child molester okay second
of all great Jarrett says Washington
poses a dog in this fight because they
want his opponent to it how about Fox
News you guys don't have a dog in the
fight you think Sean Hannity doesn't
have a dog in the fight he is a child
molester in the fight that's who he has
and then third of all yeah oh well why
didn't they come forward before because
you guys would have bashed him just like
you are right now you were a gun after
the fourth
you're old in the 16 and the 18 year old
just like you are now and you would've
said oh man it's all these false
accusations oh these people trying to
you know do collusion and what do they
want anyway and fuck's this just had an
somebody unjust saying like Oh most of
these women are lying anyway gee I
wonder why they didn't come forward
earlier because you would have tried to
crunch them as we visibly see you doing
right now
help us build independent media together
TYT Network calm /join
