Facebook is asking you to put your nudes
into their database so that they can
protect you from revenge porn because
right now we seem to be in a climate
where Facebook holds a lot of our trust
now basically what you do is you message
yourself a picture of yourself naked and
it will store a fingerprint of images to
prevent any copies of them being shared
by disgruntled ex-lovers now according
to Facebook they're not going to be
storing any of the images they're
storing the link and using artificial
intelligence and other photo matching
technologies similar to when your
boyfriend says no no it's just just from
me I'm just going to show anybody know
how Facebook got this AI actually comes
from a scandal that they faced
back in March now in March Facebook was
embroiled in this scandal when it
emerged that a 30,000 strong private
member's group called marine United was
routinely sharing images of nude women
now the group made up of US Marines
shared photographs of naked and semi
naked female colleagues now in response
to the revelations Facebook introduced a
feature that tagged pictures reported to
it as revenge porn using photo matching
technology and it used this to prevent
the image from spreading and closed down
the majority of accounts reported to it
as hosting such images now they're going
to release a trial of this new AI in
Australia where it actually is a big
problem revenge is a big problem in
Australia one in five women aged 18 to
45 may have had some sort of image based
abuse so they are trying to tackle that
issue by asking you to the send them
nudes essentially it's a trap it is a
total trap it just sounds so creepy
oh yeah they just said it just send me
it's like a it's like a you know it's
like when you don't want a virus and you
get the vaccine you just introduce a
little
like just pretending to be like a
computer programmer who has only seen
parts of CSI where they're happy just
got a bypass the mainframe Facebook you
can identify my face when I'm wearing
like a full mask essentially can you
just identify boobies and just be like
yeah we've flagged in his boobies and
like Jenny's genitals to share you know
like nipples aren't like a lot Dyer
censored on Facebook regardless right I
don't know well I guess if it's a
message and then that can spread to
other Internet places I guess they can
like shut it down clicker I don't know
but like regardless of whether this
works on Facebook right like if they
let's just pretend that we trust Mark
Zuckerberg right now let's just pretend
okay so we'll over 10 that we trust him
and then he's you know looking at those
images he's using these a eyes not him
the Facebook the AI is looking at
hopefully he's not let's just pretend
that this AI works and then they can
prevent revenge porn and things like
that but what's not to prevent somebody
from just hacking my individual Facebook
account and posting it on my wall or
like you know I have I have a public
Facebook account and like you know Hanna
Cranston here you go you know what I
mean like where were you you never know
know I took my shirt off once on a set
that my producer said is that your body
here okay your body is not your
questions to me right now
so look revenge porn is a serious issue
and we need to find a way to clamp down
on it I don't think sending more Yahoo's
is gonna figure voluntarily sending it
and like I know that it's not this
reservoir of nudes but it just seems
like what yeah what protections do we
have outside of the statement that they
released and said no it's not not the
photo it's the link that ensures folks
that this isn't being housed somewhere
and also that it's consistent what if I
change my hair what if I what if there
are physical changes then how does it
you know how does the recognition
technology then work is it you know I
don't know I get that they're trying to
take these preventative measures but it
just seems look I don't they I think the
problem with Facebook right now is that
I hasn't defined itself right like they
say that there are social media platform
and so if they are social media platform
maybe this makes somewhat sense right
we're still gonna have problems with
whatsapp and Instagram and some of their
other entities and things like that but
right now I mean it's kind of being
argued that they're a media company
would you send your nudes to a media
company
I hope not and a lot of them to my GM's
and I don't want those either you just
assured yourself boring it's not your
fault but a lot of these social media
companies try whenever sued to hide
behind a law that puts them kind of in
the same category as the telephone
company we're like if someone harasses
someone does something illegal through a
telephone call you don't sue the phone
company just because they put up the
wires that's kind of how Facebook has
and others have traditionally kind of
insulated themselves from any legal
consequences this I like the idea that
they're trying to do something because
those don't can you be a little bit more
pre-op proactive legally after yeah and
and and it's one of those good try I'm
sure you guys got in a meeting and there
were a lot of dry erase circles and
lines and good ideas and hopefully this
is when you set it out loud you also
heard how ridiculous it was even though
you know we all go to meetings and come
out with these great ideas
don't really fly in the real pitch this
is one of them it's weird that it's such
a small like it's voluntary and a small
group of people like there should be a
larger policy at play and higher
consequences for offenders yeah that
said if you want to send nude photos to
yourself and any other sort of message
just because you like your body you go
girl
help us build the independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
