so it looks like there actually is going
to be a happily ever after for Disney
and all the critics and reporters who
have come out in the in response to
Disney's decision to ban the LA Times
from their film screenings a lot of
people call this a retaliatory move
because Disney basically didn't like
this unflattering piece that the LA
Times wrote about their relationship
with the city of Anaheim and this this
piece also the only time says that they
have have exercised some aggressive
political strategies in the city of
Anaheim but today after several media
outlets and critics have come out in
support of the LA Times Disney now says
they are willing to kiss and make up
with the time so let's take a look at
this statement that Disney release they
said we have had productive discussions
with the newly installed leadership at
the Los Angeles Times regarding our
specific concerns and as a result we've
agreed to restore access to advanced
screenings for their film critics and
Disney was really outnumbered here so
people like The Washington Post The AV
Club said that they were gonna come out
and boycott Disney films press of Disney
films and then he had several Film
Critics associations across the country
in LA New York Boston all said that they
would not consider Disney's films for
awards this year and a lot of people
have just been calling Disney really
petty for this move it almost seems like
a measure of censorship on their part so
just a little bit of a refresher on the
article in question here it was titled
Disney is paying its share in Anaheim
and the other Times reported on the
subsidies the rebates of protections
from taxes in Anaheim that Disney
receives and is still working to receive
in the future the only time says those
subsidies those total a billion dollars
and then the LA Times also referenced at
this parking garage a specific parking
garage there will show you that that
piece from the article it said even if
the parking garage fills just half of
its spaces it would still generate more
than 35 million dollars in annual
revenue that money all goes to Walt
Disney city of Anaheim which owns the
garage and spent one hundred and 8.2
million to build it still charge as
Disney just $1 a year to lease it now
the only Times came out and said Disney
never asked for a correction
this article but the entertainment
Giants still saying that the LA Times
showed a disregard for basic journalism
standards now full disclosure I am a
member of a film critic Society the
broadcast Film Critics but I don't think
you need to be a member of a film critic
Society to see that Disney was in the
wrong here what do you think grace oh
yeah also their statement is a little
questionable
especially when they say you know oh we
had a productive discussion with a newly
installed leadership regarding our
specific concerns were their concerns
journalism because first of all and they
make it they make a really great
comparison to the Streisand effect
because I hadn't heard about this at all
I'm not a part of a film critic
Association this sated way over my head
until I think I saw Jake Tapper was like
hey if you want to check out the article
that Disney doesn't want you to read
right I get out I was like oh I'm super
gonna do that you know yeah so I did and
I actually felt as though it was it was
a pretty even-handed approach by the LA
Times now they do bring up some concerns
about whether or not Disney is you know
Anaheim's resources could be more
equally distributed or maybe they could
be distributed in a better way they
raise some concerns but they also bring
up the Disney is still the largest
taxpayer an employer in the city
it's an even-handed piece of journalism
that probably no one would have paid
attention to ahead Disney not done an
incredibly stupid and some people are
saying you know evil conglomerate big
corporation I think it was really just a
dumb move on behalf of their PR
department and very petty like you
pointed out this was just incredibly
petty and just like the Streisand effect
it's now it's more obvious than it ever
would have been man don't you think they
shot themselves in the foot well
absolutely especially because I mean
what the article alleged was nothing you
know super controversial is a plain fact
that you know large corporations in the
United States lately have just been able
to wield so much power and influence
like if you guys know like what's
happening with Amazon now where they're
like running basically a sweepstakes
over you know where their second
headquarters is gonna be and you have
all these local governments basically
competing with each other in a race to
the bottom to see who could give them
more bigger tax breaks bigger you know
financial incentives to come to these
massive super profitable organizations
you know so like these
massive corporations basically have the
local governments you know they can hold
them hostage for whatever they want you
know like this the example of the garage
is a particularly you know grotesque one
where they a hundred million dollars in
public money which you know they in the
article it's framed as like you know the
city of Anaheim that's like this the
residents of Anaheim paid for that right
and all the profits go to the Walt
Disney Corporation right and because of
course the Walt Disney Corporation could
just hold a gun to the head of the
residents of Anaheim and say like either
you give us these massive tax breaks or
we could just leave or we stop investing
or whatever you know like so if you're
gonna extort someone it's probably best
to just keep it quiet and not bring more
attention on yourself when this article
comes out well you know it got bad
because Ava Duvernay who's an incredible
filmmaker she's actually working on a
movie with Disney and so she actually
came out in support of the film
journalists who were fighting back
against this you know censorship move
from Disney and I will show you that
tweet she says I am saluting the film
journalist standing up for one another
standing with you now I did hear an
interesting sort of other take on this
these these film critics they really are
are there to service the the movie goers
right and to and to make sure that movie
goers are spending their money wisely
right so do you guys think that that
that boycotting that all of them coming
together and boycotting Disney was it
was a move that that sort of shafted
movie goers at all no because it was so
it was so short that we didn't really
see much of an effect from this I can I
think that as soon as we saw this
trending on social media you knew that
Disney I mean I can't believe how stupid
they were here I really I really can't
believe they didn't sort of workshop
this in one of those board meetings a
little bit more for them to realize oh
this is gonna be really bad this was
trending on Twitter you had I mean again
you have incredibly celebrated film
makers like Ava Duvernay like when she
comes out and she's directing one of
y'all's movies yes
yeah so they acted pretty quickly but I
think that isn't I guess an interesting
point where I are film critics perhaps
should they have you know not told the
line I don't know they can't be bullied
by the movie the movie studio right like
if the movie studio is threatening you
know to cut them out that is a direct
threat therefore like it's like they're
they're tainting the sort of process
right like you know like you know
intimidation will lead to basically you
know maybe getting journalists to review
their movies more fairly right so it's
important for them to stand together
against this kind of tactic you know so
you know in the short term maybe you
know whatever latest Disney movie Thor
Ragnarok or whatever might not get the
full spectrum of reviews but like in the
long run movie goers are better served
by not having the studio's basically
bully the journalists into giving them
positive reviews if not like they will
you know like if they write something
that they don't like they can just
threaten to withhold you know screenings
in the future and then you know like
then everyone would just give positive
reviews to everybody and that's
something that Disney has said in the
past like basically the media is
beholden to us like we are the ones who
who are the gatekeepers of whoever gets
to come to our screenings and I guess I
guess that's true if you're if you're a
private entity you don't you don't have
to allow everyone to screen your feel
this but feel like a Regina George movie
though like you can't come to my party
if you said something mean about me then
you can't come even if it was proven
true like no that's I think it's just
incredibly petty is so stupid on their
part this is really bad for us it would
have been interesting to see how this
all played out though over the holiday
movie season because you had the big new
Star Wars film that's coming out but I
yeah I'm glad that Disney sort of came
to their senses here
