on Friday Senator Rand Paul was
assaulted by his neighbor and now his
attacker
may face some pretty serious charges now
Doug Stafford who is Paul's chief of
staff said in a statement on Sunday that
the senator has five rib fractures
including three displaced fractures
meaning that the bones are partly or
completely cracked Paul has lung
contusions that are caused by these
broken ribs and his recovery could last
several months now these fractures can
cause other significant medical problems
including internal bleeding bleeding
damage to other organs or pneumonia
now his neighbor Rene Boucher is the
alleged attacker and here is a picture
of him now he was released Saturday on a
$7,500 bond according to the County Jail
records and he is scheduled to appear in
court on November 9th now originally boo
shares
assault was classified as a misdemeanor
because there was no sort of weaponry
used right but the extent of Paul's
injuries could prompt prosecutors to
charge boo share with a felony and
upgraded additionally the FBI is
actually assisting state and local
authorities to see whether there were
any violations of federal law now we
don't know the impetus of the
disagreement or why he assaulted Rand
Paul there are neighbors who are giving
anecdotes about how Rand Paul and Boo
share were on opposite sides of the
political spectrum although Boo shares
lawyer says that the disagreement was
not political in nature regardless you
know even if you do disagree with
somebody vehemently about politics this
sort of assault is unacceptable like
there's no reason to hurt somebody in
this way and so by the way the fact that
he could hurt him that much without
there being a weapon at all and you
broke all those ribs and who is this guy
yeah no I mean that's a good point I
mean apparently they had some sort of
relationship through the medical field
both were in the medical field in this
in their small town and they would they
were seen with their dogs walking I
that's all he know who about this music
we'd see them in heated discussions
about health care so we don't know a lot
we don't know a lot about his prowess
and his physical prowess we don't know a
lot about the catalyst for this district
has to be political I mean I don't want
to make I don't know I don't want to
jump to conclusions but I feel like I'm
jumping to go ahead and take the risk
here
you think that's political I think that
there has to yeah there's some huge
disagreement in there that they just
couldn't come to terms with and as long
as we're jumping I think somebody's
having sex with the other guy's wife
that's what I said all right thank you
for just art you know well we're going
I don't there was a political
disagreement or if there was an affair
we don't know regardless though issue
yeah regardless it should not have
happened there should be no there's no
excuse for violence like that there's no
reason for violence like that I feel for
Rand Paul I feel bad that he's in pain I
feel bad that he suffered these awful
injuries and so I mean this is I it'll
be interesting to see what happens on
November 9th what charges they file
against we share and what happens if you
like this clip of The Young Turks you
know there's a whole live to our show 6
to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and you
could download it or stream in and watch
it without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
