the Republican tax plan has now been
revealed and the early polls that I've
seen have it at lower than thirty three
percent approval so Republicans already
on day one have their work cut out for
them to get people to back the bill and
let's see how they do when faced with
some fairly obvious surface level
criticisms like in this clip but the
bottom line is eighteen point six is
what people really companies really pay
but if they got a deduction because at
twenty it's going to mean that they pay
less if they got that deduction how does
it make it into people's pockets
other than shareholders we're closing
loopholes lobbyist loopholes
we're also cutting special interest tax
deductions some of those things make it
much more fair much more beneficial to
all these answers the direct question
because in fact when it comes to
corporate taxes you're not actually
closing any of the loopholes you're just
lowering the rate so those corporations
will still be able to employ all of
those loopholes and essentially pay even
less how is kinda they will not be able
to use those loopholes we are taking
those loopholes out of it
I mean loophole I thought was closing
you know eliminating deductions for
entertainment expenses we we are closing
lobbyist loopholes we r we are doing
away with special interest tax
deductions we are doing with all those
things making it more fair making it
more simple what I'm telling you is that
a lot of those tax deductions a lot of
those loopholes we are closing those we
are simplifying tell me what
loophole please tell me one corporate
loophole that you're closing just one we
are closing more than one we're means
yes it's like this is gonna do is this
gonna simplify the tax system I'm asking
you to give me a specific example of a
loop this bill has still got to be
marked up in the Ways and Means
Committee
but what we're the framework that has
been rolled out thus far shows us
exactly what we're gonna be looking at
this is what the Ways and Means
Committee is working on this is what
they're gonna be marking up what we will
be voting on before Thanksgiving
congressmen assure you this is much much
better than what we've got okay
that was awesome okay no no I hear you
we just yeah we're closing all the lubos
good then give me one we're closing a
lot of them okay fantastic
give me one I'll give you more than one
later so wait this is how the rest of
the interview went
she's fried said good aim
twenty-six-year-old reference the this
reference is too soon as I guess but I
think it's the wrong thing cuz he got
hit mm-hmm no he then shot back yeah he
hit the fake news I gotcha
with his return fire so but guys now
let's go to the substance the most
important thing um they're not closing
any of the corporate loopholes it's
amazing the entertainment was like
nothing that's thirty-eight dollars
worth okay so they said the whole point
of tax reform was though these are not
tax cuts but this is tax reform so we
form it make it more efficient what
we're gonna do is yes it appears that
we're lowering the attack of the tax
rate tremendously for corporations from
thirty five to twenty percent that is a
gigantic record-breaking cut but it's
okay because we're gonna close the
loopholes it come on to the same thing
it didn't come out to the same thing and
came out to trillions of dollars in tax
cuts for corporations and they didn't
close any of the little bowls it's gonna
be the same thing then why are you doing
it like in here big argument is no
where's big tax reform bill and in the
end it'll be the same like then don't
bother just leave it Leona loopholes
don't cut you'll see you'll see why in
the next clip actually but I know it's a
slightly different thing it's on the
individuals but in terms of their
approach to loopholes they didn't just
not close the loopholes they're killing
the the alternative minimum tax which is
designed to stop people from just using
loopholes they're killing the loophole
killer
yes that's such a great point John I try
now so the concern is that this is
actually going to be a massive overall
tax cut and so we know what that is
that's trickle-down economics all over
again so watch some more dodging here
and you'll get an answer to your
question of why do this at all
why are you so service so first can I
just comment did the speaker just sound
like a former chairman of the Ways Means
Committee so the question is what so
that didn't answer any questions on 18
different grounds what one is that they
asked okay
the tax cuts didn't worked last time
under Bush that's fair that's a fact so
well how are you gonna why is this any
different and polar Isaac and Kevin
Brady come on yeah
and then he comes up and he looks like
mini-me which is awesome Paul Ryan yeah
except Balder got here right so just
just smile that's my beginning that
awful used car salesman smile it's like
a that's like you know again if you're
directing a movie and you want to have
an anxious politician that's the
director you do that but then you're
like okay that was a little too much
yeah bring it back a little bit and
we're going and then I like you know
Paul Ryan previously got criticism we
took this picture with all the
Republican interns and they were all
white all right so they're like I don't
know this black guy is but let's put him
right behind this okay let's not make
that same mistake again
anyway I'm being unfair now I'm assuming
as a congressman okay yeah I actually
wouldn't make that assumption
yeah also I think it's important to
point out that the question that was
initially asked although it wasn't
answered it was also inherently flawed
and incorrect they said that the Bush
tax cuts didn't work but they did work
you're just assuming what their goal
should have been and you are assuming
wrong if you were thinking it was
supposed to make jobs and all that then
yes it didn't work under that but it did
transfer significant amounts of money to
the wealthiest people in the country
worked perfectly and so why wouldn't
they do it again it worked just fine the
first time for the Republican donors but
of course they can't admit that so then
he goes wait what was your question
again
cuz that was trying to dodge it so so
now look at his there they're not really
gonna pin him down necessarily but he's
going to have a very interesting dodge
in this clip
a complete redesign of the code so we
can simplify it so much that 9 out of 10
Americans can file using a postcard
style system lowering the rates
protecting more the first dollars you
earn making sure you have strong
middle-class relief but it's more than
that we're not just putting higher
octane fuel in an old clunker of the tax
car we propose to drive a newer tax car
that can compete and win against any
country in the world so that redesigned
for simplicity fairness and
competitiveness I predict under this tax
reform plan America will evolve from
31st in the world among our competitors
to the top 3 as the best places on the
planet for that next new job that next
new manufacturing plant that next new
research head course that that's what's
different that would be good for
corporations but wait a minute that's
not at all she asks a very specific
question ok last tax cuts under Bush did
not create jobs you guys the Republicans
said it would create jobs it didn't if
you remember it then the Bush's tenure
of course we lost 8 million jobs because
of the crash and and so not only did it
not lead to economic growth it led to a
crash it didn't lead to jobs so what
evidence do you have that this will lead
to new to job says it didn't work the
last time I have a postcard well I got a
I got a postcard
I got a newer tax car I don't know what
that means but it sounds good
and I wrote it when you're making a
ridiculously clunky analogy don't put
the word clunker in it too on-the-nose
and I predict that we will go from
number 31 and a category I just made up
and it's totally unclear to number one
in that category and yes but what about
their jobs oh well ok for that we go to
the next clip
so what's interesting but that may seem
like a really bizarre why do they keep
coming back to the stupid one page thing
it's an important note that it's not
true you will not be able to fill out a
postcard in the end but they really
really want you to think that you will
be able to in fact during the debates
they kept coming back to this one piece
of paper Carly Fiorina Ted Cruz they all
think that's the most important thing
and I don't think it's a stupid strategy
I think it's a very honest strategy
where they are betting that you will let
trillions of dollars be transferred to
corporations and the wealthiest
individuals in the country because you
really just would prefer not to have to
fill out as much paperwork yeah that
laziness will trump financial
self-interest that was the as it turned
out the the sole of the Herman Cain
campaign yeah yeah everything was gonna
be two pages or you know two-page don't
ya eventually they're gonna boil
everything down to just one tweet right
okay we can't do it or do it we're not
doing it at all now we're gonna need the
two hundred eighty characters but
there's an actin they do there so they
painted as simplicity and then don't
worry you don't know filling out your
taxes is a pain in the ass and it seems
like a nice populist thing to do but the
real reason is well if you only have one
piece of paper you can't have that many
taxes and and they don't want tax on the
rich and if you only have one piece of
paper for all your laws well then you
can't have a lot of regulations you
can't say hey you know what you know
well you this the crimes are murder rape
robbery and I ran out of room so there's
no room for financial crimes and we're
gonna deregulate everything so it's part
of their slash-and-burn strategy and I
think it's clever but the thing is it's
not pulling well because people the
American people have seen tax cuts for
the rich and it didn't give them jump
elbows build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm slash join
