this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket comm recently the new yorker
released information and details
regarding the second accuser in the
Brett Kavanaugh debacle debe Debora
Ramirez alleged that Kavanagh had taken
his pants down at a party and then
thrust his hips toward her face and she
unfortunately touched him as she was
pushing him away now Trump decided to
weigh in on these allegations and as you
can imagine he didn't have very nice
things to say 36 years ago nobody ever
knew about it nobody ever heard about it
and now a new charge comes up and she
said well might not be him and she said
she was totally so I knew that people
specifically people who are supportive
of Kavanagh would really latch on to the
fact that she had admitted to being
drunk at the time that this happened and
that was one of the reasons why she
didn't come forward in the beginning she
talked about how embarrassing it was she
was embarrassed by the fact that she was
drinking she was worried that people
would smear her for that and so that's
exactly the way that it's playing out
now in the very beginning of his
statement he was actually talking about
the first accuser dr. Blasi and he said
nobody has ever heard about it which is
again completely false back in 2012 when
she went to couples therapy with her
husband she talked about the alleged
sexual assault and then did so again
later and so to say no one knew about it
is just an outright lie
so of course Trump couldn't help himself
and was going to weigh in on this and
and of course he's gonna come out
aggressively against the woman that's
what he does every single time
so I'm in fact I'm surprised that it
wasn't more vicious but hold take take
take take right wait for that to come
so overall the Ramirez situation as I've
said now many times cuts two different
ways one is that her saying there's gaps
in my recollection and in the beginning
I wasn't positive that was him for me if
I'm a juror in this case that makes me
believe her a lot more because who would
admit that if they're trying to set him
up so you can't have it and that doesn't
mean that she's right I'll get to that
in a second so but you can't have it
both ways you can't say it's a political
hatchet job meant to smear him and she
says she's not sure that it was him in
the beginning well if it was a smear job
that was to get him she would have
definitely said oh I know I know for a
fact I never had any questions about it
it was definitely him she doesn't say
that at all she says to be honest I had
trouble recollecting but I'm now sure
that it was him okay so you would never
say that if it was a severe job never
that makes no sense okay yeah so it
can't be both now in terms but if I was
on a jury when I convict on that I'd say
look she wasn't even positive in the
beginning so I probably to be honest
with you would not connect on that but
as one of our viewers just pointed out
while we're doing a show alive but it's
not a trial he's not gonna go to jail
that's not what this is about
he's applying for one of the most
prestigious jobs in the country and so
if you had this kind of accusation and
while you're trying to get a job at a
company you probably wouldn't get the
job and so and and he's applying for a
lifetime appointment so it's a little
bit of a different standard and and make
of that what you will the TYT Plus app
is now available on iOS and Android
download to get more TYT content at TYT
dot-com slash app
