so now we found out today that through
Donna bristles amazing confession I that
in fact the DNC did literally literally
rigged the primary against Bernie
Sanders and so they didn't in terms of
switching votes but they did it in
things like where the debate schedules
the voting stations the cetera but now
when you look back at New York and you
see the voter purge you begin to wonder
was that ordered by the DNC controlled
by Hillary Clinton and this is
especially bad given that the Democrats
are arguing against the voter ID laws
that the Republicans have and we're
supposed to be for more voters not less
voters but especially in the state of
New York
unfortunately the Democratic
establishment keeps finding ways to
block people from voting in democratic
primaries and all of this goes right
back to Joseph Crowley everyone needs to
understand exactly how critical this
race is here in New York Crowley is the
head of the House Democratic caucus he
takes three million per cycle from Wall
Street he's essentially the bagman for
the Democratic Party for the
establishment Democrats since basically
what needs to happen is that he takes
all the money from Wall Street he
distributes it he distributed
distributes it amongst all members of
Congress and then he basically purchases
and builds up his power through there
nobody knows who Joseph Crowley is but
he wants to be the next Speaker of the
House and a candidate that has entirely
bought by Wall Street we cannot afford
to have as the third most powerful
person in the United States of America
especially as a Democrat is not
something that we can do but he also
kind of exerts that power in the Queen's
machine as well and so he bumps
progresses off the ballot he he appoints
the judges that hears these people's
petition challenges and then bunk
progresses off so we need a lot of light
a lot of direction on to this race
because it's going to be an
one but it is arguably one of the most
impactful House congressional races that
we can challenge so I love that
description bagman Crowley and for for
the Democrats I mean Nancy Pelosi brags
when they ask her hey why are you still
the Speaker of the House she says no no
I raise the most amount of money I go
and get money from rich people and
multinational corporations and then I
give it to my colleagues and and that's
why since I take the most amount of
money from people I should be the leader
and Joe Crowley comes in and goes well
I'm almost caught up to Nancy uh you
know she's got the money from California
but I got the Wall Street money I mean
for real progressives is that a thing
that we should be proud of I mean what
do you think that's gonna lead through
that's gonna lead the policy that
represents those guys not us
the thing that drives me crazy is when
the media makes that an issue of like oh
he used to be respected because he
raised a lot of money from big donors
but if you if you raise money from these
giant banks the first time around okay
but if they gave to you the second or
the third time that means they got a
return on investment Goldman Sachs is
not interested in your health okay
they're not interested in charity
they're interested in on a return on
investment so if Crowley keeps getting
the Wall Street money that means they
get they're getting a good return on
investment from it absolutely absolutely
and this is a district you know we're
half in the Bronx and half in Queens I
myself I'm a third generation of Bronx
site which means I'm I'm bred for these
kinds of battles but what this really
means though is that you have to look at
the actual district has in the Bronx has
in Queens Rikers Island
right in the middle of the district if
any district needs Medicare for all free
public college tuition renewable energy
economy and criminal justice reform it
is New York 14 and we need actual
representation that reflects the people
who live here that is going to be able
to fight for the people who live here
because they have had a stake in the
game skin in the game
the only way we're gonna get this done
and it's not only a matter of our
progressives proud of having
multi-million dollar candidates
represent them it's is this country
proud of having multi-million dollar
corporations
purchasing candidates lock stock and
barrel so that they give billionaires
tax cuts erode our health make us less
educated that is not the future that we
need in this country and if people think
that money in politics is a problem
which you know Crowley has discussed or
Pelosi has discussed about the problem
of money in politics then you need to
walk the walk and you we at some point
the buck needs to stop and it's gonna
stop with us it's gonna stop with
justice Democrats it's gonna stop with
our supporters it's gonna stop with a
wide coalition of Americans saying we
are going to change the way we elect
candidates in this country and we need
candidates that come from the places
that we come from the backgrounds the
incomes the the areas of the world that
we come from that is what America is
about and that's what a representative
democracy should be about
