I had joe manchin on the show and he
said something curious one of his top
donors unfortunately put Potence into a
waterway and he had voted to deregulate
pollutants in waterways ice that seemed
to be an amazing coincidence to me and I
asked him about it and he said that he
doesn't know who his donors are do you
believe that apology no I don't because
he's mentioned to his donors were in the
past and that was the stream line
protection role many activists have
fought long and hard for that regulation
just as soon as Donald Trump was elected
him Shelley Moore Capito and Evan
Jenkins signed off our water protections
they weren't enforced it was like a
parking ticket to the coal industry but
at least we had something it was a bad
bad day for West Virginia when the three
of them stood with Donald Trump and
throw away the work that we had worked
for for years and why should West
Virginians have to have to write our own
legislation and beg them for clean water
that you know it's a shame to me that
these men sacrificed their lives the
Industrial Revolution was built on the
backs of coal miners their families and
surrounding communities when people have
turned on their lights which has been
because of my the blood of my people we
have sacrificed a lot to power America
and we don't deserve something so basic
as a clean glass of water and then it's
insulting that he doesn't say he does he
doesn't know who his funders are because
he's sided with his funders so that's
been the industry and it's been Milan
pharmaceutical and big pharma and his
second top donor is Milan and his
daughter's the CEO and we're dealing
with one of the biggest opioid epidemics
in the United States
he actually ignored some legislation
that cut the hands of the DEA him as air
senator him and Shelley Moore Capito and
us dealing with the drug drug epidemic
here they should have never let that
legislation go through and ignore it he
seems like he's doing his job now he's
done more I think in 2017 than he has in
last ten years
I have to credit justice Democrat no
Dutch justice Democrats and over hard
work for that it's just a shame me he
wasn't working hard and a lot harder
than what he is now because we wouldn't
be where we are now because the people
of West Virginia are fed up with the
leadership here
