we've been waiting all year to find out
what would actually be in the Republican
tax cut bill when it finally comes out
and we now know it's been unveiled and
so we're going to break it down we're
gonna find out if it's good or bad for
you maybe you're a regular person and
you're in an screwed maybe your last
thing is Mercer or a trumpet you're
gonna do quite well let's find out
together first some of the things that
are not super surprising that are in
here starting off with massive cuts to
corporate taxes the bill proposes
permanently cutting the corporate tax
rate from thirty five percent to twenty
percent which we're gonna we're gonna
continue on that graphic but just think
about that in one swoop they cut out a
huge percentage of all of the taxes that
they face that's what they get and like
if they get this if this goes through
and then someday miracle of miracles we
get an amazing progressive president
then he is going just to get back to
parity he's then gonna have to propose
that we're going to be doubling
corporate taxes and imagine the massive
fight we're gonna have over that so
that's gonna be fun in a few years and
as John explains this whole thing to you
understand that the whole point of this
is redistribution of wealth it is to
redistribute the wealth from actual
citizens from human beings to the
corporations yes they have redistributed
the wealth for decades now and the
percentage of taxes paid by corporations
who are multi national corporations and
not actual citizens has gotten lower and
lower and lower now this would make it
nearly non-existent
and they say they're taking away the
loopholes they're not taking away all
the loopholes no way it's twenty percent
plus the loopholes which that brings you
down to even lower the effective tax
rate for corporations today is twenty
two percent after this it'll be much
lower than that and probably lower than
the average American pace exactly so but
and they gotta get the money from
somewhere and as John's gonna explain
you they're gonna get it from you yeah
exactly these first things we're gonna
be laying out are basically a gigantic
cannon of money they are firing at the
wealthiest people in the country and
then we will get to how they're stuffing
that cannon full of your money but so
their overall taxes come from thirty
five percent to twenty they also gain
new more Fay
herbal treatment of income earned abroad
which is either not taxed at all or
taxed at an even lower rate than the 20%
12% for certain types of money 5% for
intangibles like buildings and factories
I don't understand money because out of
all of those things stocks bonds
factories and buildings the factories in
the buildings of the intangibles are
those the most tangible things of listen
anyway they're gonna be paying basically
nothing for it so that's for
corporations now for wealthy individuals
the top tax bracket is going to be
thirty nine point six percent so they're
not massively cutting that like we
thought that they would and they might
still try to which was previewed in
Trump's tax like framework released
earlier this year that sort of thing
it's staying at roughly that same level
however the group of people that's going
to be encapsulated under that is being
changed individual income to $1,000,000
for couples up from four hundred and
seventy thousand dollars currently today
and so basically people in that larger
range between a half million and a
million for a couple are now going to to
get a significant cut they're also the
lower tax brackets the ones that faretta
Clee might apply to you also remember
apply to them and so they're also
benefiting from those as well now what
about when these wealthy people who will
accrue even more money thanks to these
tax cuts eventually kick the bucket
well these state tax is going to be
reduced initially that's by doubling how
much wealth can be shielded from it and
then eliminated entirely in 2024 and
that's the point we're going to return
to so keep that in mind that it doesn't
get a fully eliminated until 2024 now
there's another way that you can benefit
if you're a rich individual and you
haven't yet died there's a pass-through
income this is something we've talked
about multiple times where an individual
effectively earns all of their money
through a particular type of corporation
so rather than claiming it as their
income it's simply shielded by going
through the corporation those taxes
would be capped at 25 percent rather
than the top individual rate and you can
do the math 25 is lower than 39 which
means that if you can simply claim all
of your income through that pass through
you
more significant tax cut so that is
monumentally important for a number of
reasons so it the top bracket and so
sometimes these top brackets 39.6% you
think well all their money is taxed of
39 it's not only every dollar above now
a million dollars according to this
planet using four hundred and seventy
thousand dollars a million dollars is
gonna be taxed at a thirty nine point
six but it's not because almost all the
rich will immediately form pass-through
corporations yeah I could hear the
accountants now okay you'd be an idiot
not to form pass-through corporation so
what does that mean so instead of paying
your taxes as john i'd roll live John
Moore to one day become a millionaire he
was set up
John I'd rola LLC and he would say I'm
in the very important business of being
John I roll on now you put a fig leaf on
it right and well I'm actually a not
employed I'm a consultant and hence it's
my own business and so you then all of a
sudden you're rate effectively for
almost I shouldn't say everybody we'll
see how it turns out
but a lot of people in the top bracket
will have their rates drop from thirty
nine point six it looks like thirty nine
point six but it's not will drop to
twenty five percent yeah and we don't
have to speculate about some of the
people who will immediately benefit from
that the entire Trump family all of
their wealth is going to go there
whether they're hiding behind as you say
an LLC or more generally a cccp they're
shielded in various ways and their money
is effectively going to be taxed at much
lower rates and let me just say two
important things about that that is not
something that the Trump family's going
to do later that is what they do today
they have the trunk now it'll be lower
yeah actual rate and so but I want to be
clear about that having an LLC there's
nothing wrong with that the current law
is if you have an LLC you pay the same
rate based on your bracket as you do if
you're a person yeah so there's there's
other benefits but there's no tax
benefit in that sense yeah there's
certain terms of like if you're sued
things like that yeah yeah and so so
there's Trump organization being a
pastor organization as it is today did
not give them a massive tax but if it
gave other benefits but not a tax
benefit yeah now ladies every twenty
five percent for everything that
trombones yeah he just cut his own taxes
by well it's fifteen percent overall but
that's actually like a 40 percent cut of
his tax at that amount of taxes that he
would pay yeah he just gave himself a
forty percent tax cut yeah for what he
claims his billions of dollars oh and
we've got another tax cut that he just
gave himself so the alternative minimum
tax which increases taxes for certain
affluent or upper middle-class
households that's also going to be
repealed that was created because the
wealthiest Americans were using so many
loopholes and fancy accountants and all
that that they were effectively not
paying much in taxes and so this was
created so at least they would pay a
certain minimum amount and we don't have
to speculate about whether this might
affect Donald Trump the only tax
information we have from him
historically comes from 2005 and if
there hadn't been the alternative
minimum tax in 2005
he would have paid 31 million dollars
less in taxes so this it's amazing that
you just you get elected and then you
get to shovel more money into your
pockets you should immediately make the
law in a way that benefits you it's
great how that works out so all of that
stuff that we've gone over and there's
far more to but those are sort of the
broad strokes those are extremely
expensive to the government to make
those changes you're talking about
adding literally trillions of dollars to
the federal deficits that will become
debt this is from the party that
supposedly hates both of those things so
how are they going to pay for it well
they need to find the money somehow
especially because in terms of the
legislative strategy the way that it
works using reconciliation they can only
get this passed with 51 votes if it
doesn't add a certain amount to the
deficit if it does cost more and it does
then they will need 60 votes and they're
not going to get 60 votes so they're
gonna have to make up the money somehow
and it's going to be from you here are
some of the ways they're gonna try to do
that
they're gonna be changing the way that
you can benefit off of your mortgage for
all future mortgages the mortgage
interest deduction benefit would be
capped at a home value of five hundred
thousand dollars having it from the
current level now from my point of view
that still sounds like damn you got a
pretty expensive house but I also know
that five hundred thousand dollar house
that might be a mansion in some parts of
the country in LA that is that's the
bare minimum for pretty much anything
that is going to cost you a significant
amount of money but much
much more likely to affect you is the
fact that the deductions for state and
local income sales taxes would also be
eliminated
the deduction for state and local
property taxes would also be capped and
then there's a variety of other smaller
deductions like the medical expense
deduction and the property casualty loss
deduction so that's for things like if
you have some sort of significant
out-of-control medical expenses you can
deduct a little bit of that from your
taxes up until now we'll see if that
continues and those sorts of changes are
going to affect people all over the
country particularly in blue states and
that is how they're going to try to make
back some of those trillions of dollars
that their tax cuts for the wealthiest
of individuals and corporations will
cost so that doesn't affect a poor very
much but if you're in the middle class
they just took away a lot of the
potentially thousands of dollars yeah a
lot of deductions that you use and that
is why the Republicans have admitted yes
a lot of people in the middle class
might get a tax increase
it is so brazen they're gonna take from
them in a class and they're gonna give
it to the rich and to the corporation's
why cuz that's their donors and the mode
class didn't donate to them so they're
gonna get robbed mm-hmm that is why this
among the reasons why this plan is now
polling at 25 percent for a wild Trump
miraculous he had had gotten a little
bump in the polls for what I don't know
but now he's dipping again ever since
the tax cut proposal was outlined and
it's really interesting and I don't
think the rest of the press is
accurately understanding why his numbers
dead the last time his numbers dipped
was because of the health care proposal
it was exactly that time because peak
that was at 17 percent approval rating
they're like yeah I like that he doesn't
like these guys I don't like Latinos are
Muslims either but wait my health care
costs are gonna go up and I and I might
not be covered anymore not only right
they actually care about policy now do
then does every american understand
policy perfectly of course not right but
do they have a general sense that
they're getting screwed yes okay and
they've seen the tax cut they don't like
a billion I thought
taxes first why is my taxes going up and
the rich their tax are going way down
you're right you are getting screwed
yeah
yeah I watched I read the transcripts of
a couple of interviews that were done
with Republican congressman where they
talked about this cutting the corporate
tax rate so significantly they said that
not only do independents and Democrats
obviously not want you to cut the
corporate tax rate and creating in fact
they want you to raise it but 53% of
Republicans want it to either stay where
it is or go up and unilaterally the
unilaterally universally the Republican
congressman said I don't believe that
that's not my constituents and they
questioned how polls were done because
they say when I go around everybody
wants the corporate tax rate to be cut
oh yeah because the people who are
polled probably couldn't pay twenty five
thousand dollars to take a picture with
you at some fancy dinner but that's what
they're doing and there's a couple other
aspects to this that that I think are
worth noting they want to eliminate the
the tax incentives to purchase electric
vehicles so that's great we should
subsidize the oil companies but not the
thing that actually allows that industry
to get off its feet I owned an electric
car the only reason I owned it was
because of those tax credits one thing
and you often will give yourself credit
for predictions that are correct I'm
going to do that too even though I
didn't get Jerry to get the video back
during the debates Donald Trump was
talking about taxes would get this
applause line that he's going to
eliminate the carried interest because
these hedge fund managers are just
putting one over on you he'd get rid of
that loophole they're not getting rid of
that loophole they're not changing it at
all they're still gonna have that I
don't understand why he got any credit I
said at the time that he's obviously not
going to do that and then there's little
things like the fact that there there's
a couple of aspects of this tax plan for
families that's supposed to provide a
little bit of relief to them those are
temporary in the bill but all the
business is permanent isn't it
weird how that worked out
the only sorts of families who are
getting permanent tax relief from this
plan that's the Trump family and
families like them and then there's
things like the little extras that they
throw on as if just to spite you to spit
in your eye they're adding a brand new
1.4 percent tax on University endowment
income because screw universities so
those universities that fundraise and
get money to try to make the school
better all that
they're gonna tax that also they're
gonna eliminate the tax break you get
four interest you pay on your student
loans which for a lot of Americans could
cost you between 500 and $1,000 a year
in lost tax breaks so they can they can
just shower the richest Americans with
money but you have to pay a couple
hundred extra dollars per year because
you're just desperately trying to keep
up with your student loan payments so
you lose your any kind of deductions for
student loans for electric cars all the
ones that affect the middle class but
somehow they just couldn't close the
deductions for the hedge fund guys and
the one thing that he actually promised
in the campaign because in reality they
know that the country is progressive so
certainly on economic issues they want a
higher minimum wage so they could
actually earn a decent living you know
the minimum wage right now $7.35 it's
your fifteen thousand dollars a year
people are getting crushed right so
during campaigns they go oh yeah these
some hedge funds some bitches and we're
carried interest hedge funds again are
not by definition bad not remotely but
there's no reason in the world why they
should pay lower taxes than everyone
else and so Trump knows that people are
angry about their you know I'm gonna get
the hedge fund guys then it comes in
goes ah idiots suckers just like I
suckered you at Trump University no
that's the one thing that we are
definitely going to keep we're just
gonna take away all of your deductions
watch the young turks commercial free
download it or stream it watch it any
way you like at TYT Network comm slash
join
