I don't know if the senator would deal
with something like this but prison
labor I've been looking more at and it's
horrible especially here in California
prison slavery prison slavery right so
now we have people fighting fires that
was a big deal they the state saves over
a hundred million dollars a year by
having prisoners do the fire fighting
and then when they get killed they don't
get any benefits or anything anyway it's
a lot of slave labor not just fighting
fires but doing all corporations pretty
much have their finger in prison labor
which to me is slave labor is there
anything you can do about that as
Senator yeah well we've got to deep
privatize our prison system okay when
when the people who when the the people
who are investing in that system have
nothing to gain in terms of profits
we're going to start making decisions
that really truly are in the best
interest of our economy and our
communities and the people of all people
and so that's what we really have to do
we have to make sure that like our
entire system is being privatized yes
and that's why my number one issue is to
get big money out of politics the
privatization of our elections is the
root cause with the privatization of
every other institution in this country
we need publicly funded elections oh
they would save us so much money
publicly but yeah and that's just it we
would actually save so much money and
it's been shown it's been proven it has
been done in states in this country it's
been done in municipalities it's been
done in other countries it has proven to
work it's not like we would be
reinventing the wheel yeah so this is
what drives me crazy about Dianne
Feinstein and why this race is so
important what does she fight on so
she's she's okay on a couple of issues
but like so we have to take the crumbs
off of the corporate table right like oh
okay well you know she's pro-choice Wow
like I mean I guess if you're not that I
don't know how in the world you call
yourself a Democrat anyway if you're for
all other things that she's for but like
shouldn't progressives that fight for
ending private prisons
I mean it's we call it slave labor it's
not an exaggeration guys think about it
it's not a dollar an hour which would be
insane and preposterous it's a dollar a
day that these prisoners get for working
all day long and they don't have a
choice they're in shackles
some of them literally right so we have
reconstituted slavery in this country
and it is and not only is it slavery but
it's not public prisons and we've
decided they've committed a crime and
said it's private prisons it is for
their private profit that we have
prisons that are that have reconstituted
slavery and amazing and why shouldn't
California have progressive senator who
fights for all the things that we
believe in and does it ferociously
shouldn't Fox News be complaining about
the senator from California every night
right and instead what do we have
twice I just sits there and barely says
a peep and do you think she's gonna try
to cheat me she's gonna talk about slave
labor no way it would be uncivil it
would it would unsettle some of her
donors right yeah I mean that's why I
was saying that earlier that we have to
have bold progressives in Congress who
understand the intersectionality of all
of the issues we have to fight for all
of the issues at once because they all
affect one another it's not just a
matter of fighting for a living wage
it's a matter of also fighting for
Medicare and being able to afford the
things that come with that it's it's
it's a matter of being able to afford
public education and the things that
come with that and we can do it we've
proven we know that we can but it has to
be done at once we don't have to pick
and choose and by the way it also
doesn't have to be done 20-30 years from
now it can't be done 20-30 years from
now it might be impossible at that point
we've got to do it now we have to have
the fierce urgency of now yeah
