Congress has been questioning some of
the top dogs at tech giants including
Facebook and Google in regard to foreign
money being used for political ads here
in the United States now this all has to
do with Russian meddling in the election
namely some of the ads that were going
viral on Facebook during and even after
the election and so there was a question
as to whether or not tech giants like
Facebook Google and Twitter would stop
accepting foreign money from foreign
countries in regard to u.s. election ads
right so any type of ad that has to do
with American politics and it seems as
though they're very hesitant to refuse
that money even though there are laws
that should prevent them from doing so
so Facebook and Google declined under
repeated congressional questioning
Tuesday to commit to stop taking Russian
rubles and other foreign currencies as
payment for American political
advertisements despite federal election
law prohibiting payments from foreign
nationals
now Al Franken was the the Maine senator
who harped on this particular issue in
this particular question so I'm going to
share a little bit of that dialogue with
you he asked the following people are
buying ads on your platform meaning
Facebook in this case with rubles their
political ads you put billions of data
points together all the time
that's what I hear these platforms do
they're the most sophisticated things
invented by man ever Google has all the
knowledge that man has ever developed
you can't put together rubles with a
political ad and go like hmm those two
data points spell out something bad and
he was referring to Google in this case
not Facebook but he did ask the same
question to Facebook and they were
hesitant to say that they would stop
taking foreign money and so at that
point Colin streched says the following
it's a signal we should have been alert
to and in hindsight it's one we missed
and he said okay okay yeah well Facebook
commit to not accepting political ads
paid for by foreign money in the future
and Colin stretch said senator
our goal is to require all political
advertisers regardless of currency to
provide documentation information that
they're authorized to advise Verte eyes
so some are interpreting that as you
know Facebook and other tech giants
trying to avoid answering the question
directly but it is kind of interesting
because they are able to do like facial
recognition of photos like like the
things that you see on social media tech
wise are insanely impressive why is it
so hard for them to raise a red flag
when they see advertisements political
advertisements being paid for with
foreign money so as always I'll state
our conflict of interest here at Google
and Facebook are among our two top
partners at TYT and as you as is often
not all always I'm a little bit more
lenient of Google and Facebook's
position and and take it with a grain of
salt for the reasons I just stated right
but I think I'm trying my best to be
honest about the evaluating this look
first of all I think there's a lot of
bitterness in the Democratic Party
about the Russian stole the election
resto election look I think there's some
truth to someone I they certainly try to
influence the elections as we just saw
with their arrests and I think that's
outrageous and I'm glad that milord did
all that but it's not the only reason
that Hillary Clinton lost the election
they might try to make it seem like that
and they're partly trying to blame
everyone under the Sun Facebook did at
Google did it way shouldn't have taken
ads but look it's easy to say in
hindsight but I remember during the
election nobody was talking about
Russian or other ads going into Facebook
or Google so now in hindsight were
blaming them and and saying okay you
should have known because it was in
rubles wait Facebook gets a lot of
advertising in all sorts of different
cash from all across the world now they
do have a responsibility to make sure
that foreigners are not paying for
political ads in America that is a heavy
responsibility and they should take it
seriously and I hope that they do going
forward so but just because it's in I
mean foreign
currency is a fair tip-off and that's
certainly something that an algorithm
should look at right but it's not
necessarily 100% determinative and it's
I just don't think all this is nearly as
easy and this is my bias from running a
digital network everybody things like oh
everybody's got everything figured out
it's not that easy you've got a lot of
put a lot of Engineers on it and and
then once you find a problem then you
got to fix it and take some time and so
I think that they're becoming a bit of a
scapegoat here but I do want them to
take every precaution of course moving
moving for so I want to give you guys a
little more context so you understand
you know why this type of questioning
took place now there is real concern
about foreign countries like Russia
trying to influence US voters and so as
a result members of Congress are
considering legislation that would
essentially regulate social media sites
like Facebook or Twitter or search
engines like Google now they don't want
that understandably so these tech giants
do not want that regulation which is why
they've agreed to testify to you know
get these questions or answer these
questions by members of Congress but
this is this is about this isn't about
punishing them for what already happened
this is about what is gonna be done to
prevent it in the future so I think it's
an interesting question as to whether or
not Congress should get involved but I
also want to quickly comment on what you
said jank about how Democrats are too
obsessed with this component of the
story you know just going back to the
whole mana Ford arrest and and possible
Russian collusion I agree that that is
an important thing to investigate but I
find it fascinating that when you hear
from the Democratic establishment they
only focus on that because they want to
use that as an excuse for why Hillary
lost right but there's another component
that I think is much more interesting
which is did Donald Trump have shady
financial deals with the Russian
government yes that is the most
important part to me right because if
there is a gigantic conflict of inch
there then that means that he's
essentially a puppet for Putin okay he
will do anything and everything to
appease him so he gets out of whatever
money he owes or whatever financial
issues he's having with you know lenders
in that country so but they never talk
about that I never hear them talk about
it's all about collusion collusion
collusion yes it's important I'm not
saying don't focus on that at all but I
think it's telling that the Democratic
establishment solely focuses on that
couple so that's a great great point by
Anna but that I had never heard before
look it's because if Trump had a
financial deal with the Russians even if
they stretch his back years and and him
winning and then lifting sanctions is
some sort of payback almost exactly as
Manta Fortin Gates did and was when
we're arrested four on Monday on a
separate deal well that's a much bigger
story in a way better way to get Donald
Trump out of office but that does
nothing to vitiate their concerns about
the election that's why they're obsessed
with Facebook and Google you guys sold
the ads you shoulda sold when we could
have one of you just let us go back on
TV and spend all our money on TV and if
we just you just let us keep doing the
status quo we woulda won we would have
won yeah okay that's fine I get it
you're bitter but let's focus on the
real issues and I'm not saying that this
is not a real issue it is and when they
should definitely look to it corrected
but using it as a scapegoat it's not
helpful to anyone and and and I think
that if you actually cared about the
country they actually cared to resist
Donald Trump you'd focus on the deeper
ties that he had with Russia right
because that influences more than just
the Democratic Party or any political
party it influences it has an impact on
every American because it means that we
have a president who's not gonna really
look out for the best interests of this
country but the best interests of
Vladimir Putin because he might he might
by the way this is my speculation right
we need evidence we need an
investigation to that but he might owe
money there significant amount because
he couldn't get loans here in the United
States because he went bankrupt so many
times right and it's by the way it's not
that there is no evidence on it there's
a lot of circumstantial evidence what
you need is direct evidence from an
investigation
exactly so by all means go forward watch
The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream
it watch it anyway you like a TYT
Network comm /join
