recently the Republicans wanted to name
the the tax cut bill and so Paul Ryan
thought okay well you know Donald Trump
cares a lot about this he doesn't care
about a lot of other things but the tax
cuts for the rich he cares deeply about
so let's get her over to the White House
to name the bill and Trump decided that
he was gonna personally name it
you ought to hope he decided to name it
I'm not kidding the cut cut cut act and
then how this was like what no no but we
can't actually call it a piece of
legislation the cut cut cut cut act
that's that's what a child would name it
and then they go bring it back the Trump
you know how how what he does when
anybody challenges about its position he
doubles out it's like you know that's it
it's definitely got to be the cut cut
cut act otherwise I'm not doing it like
Oh for Christ's sake okay no but look
all of our donors depend on this please
don't call it that it sounds like a
third grader named it okay there ever
going to be a day during this
administration where I don't feel
embarrassed by who our leader is
probably not so a senior he'll aide
trying to like appease the White House
saying look at the end of the day it's
gonna be known as the Trump tax cuts
don't worry you will get credit for it
hey nope nope nope well I wanted to be
the contact okay now having said that
though I'm gonna shock the world by
turning around and saying he's not a
hundred percent wrong
like his way he is about the name it's
just too ridiculous right but the way of
thinking and and doing politics is
really simple and non-stop repetition
does work in in politics and so so
that's why Trump's really simplistic way
of thinking about things actually does
resonate if you said you know the you
know the I come up with any kind of
sophisticated words which I obviously
couldn't come up with right there that
was very trumping on the big beautiful
tax cuts okay they're gonna be
tremendous anyway people wouldn't care
as much and if you called the cut cut
cut act they might be like Oh what are
we cutting okay that sounds like we're
really cutting the problem for Trump
don't have to flip it on the third flip
side is that it's
not polling well and when nahi says cut
what Americans are hearing is tax cuts
for the rich
yeah just true that's why it's polling
at a disastrous twenty five percent
well they've stopped lying about the
fact that it's tax cuts for the rich
they're pretty transparent about it now
which is great I'm glad that they are
yeah so 25 percent thirty five percent
disapprove and forty percent are like I
don't know how many cuts are there enact
they've yet to make up their mind but
the devil is literally not literally
metaphorically in the details here and
wait till they hear the details how it
raises taxes on the middle class and the
poor and cuts it on the rich they'll
hate it even more help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
