when it comes to Paul Manafort and also
gates as well we have some more
information coming out of documents that
were revealed yesterday and some of
these are out some of these are
incredibly significant here's the
significant part the government wrote in
the documents on Tuesday that metaphor
and Gates quote have connections to
Ukrainian and Russian oligarchs who have
provided millions of dollars to them and
so when you hear Donald Trump repeatedly
claim that there's nothing there's no
Russia in any of that there's no Russia
well there is they apparently got
millions of dollars from Russians also
despite the fact that Paul Manafort has
often denied this they say in those
documents that he has he has staff
working for his corporation in Moscow
something he has never revealed before
and in fact has denied and so that is
significant as well there's a connection
for you financially at least yeah
so look metaphors in a world of trouble
every day we find out more of his
illicit ties to Russia which he had
which is a huge problem because you were
supposed to register as a foreign agent
and and the reason is so we could know
what your motivation is and he wanted to
hide his motivation because he wanted to
secretly do propaganda for the Russians
and he hid a lot of things about us
about it what he was doing that John's
gonna tell you about in a sec and and
then on top of that he apparently didn't
pay his taxes Lordan right so he's got a
decision to make that's why Trump is
really trying hard to avoid answering
the question of whether he's gonna
pardon him because he wants a man afford
to think maybe I'll pardon you and he
also wants to keep that in his back
pocket in case he really really needs to
pardon Madame port because Manta force
us to turn evidence against them yeah
yeah and I mean it was I believe
yesterday that he was asked directly at
one of these meetings by a reporter are
you going to pardon Paul Manafort and he
said oh that's it thank you thank you
and he he refused to answer the question
in fact he stopped questions from the
media in response to that so it is
hardly crazy to think that he might in
fact try to pardon metaphor and
considering the amount of evidence that
they already seem to have against him
about crimes they go back throughout the
campaign and four years earlier the idea
that you would pardon this guy that is a
level of brazenness that I would have
assumed
even go beyond Donald Trump but there
are others
so they both mana for and gates are
under house-arrest there's a reason for
that the government argued they quote
pose a risk of flight based on a serious
nature of the charges their history of
deceptive and misleading conduct the
potentially significant sentences the
defendants face the strong evidence of
guilt there's significant financial
resources and their foreign connections
and they cited multiple foreign
connections that that that they might be
able to flee to and then quote live
comfortably and so they felt like their
passports needed to be taken away so
that they would not be able to flee the
country and hide off somewhere else
avoiding justice John which passport
well all of them actually much like
Jason Bourne they've got a briefcase
full of them so mana Ford had three u.s.
passports each under a different number
hm
this year mana Ford traveled to Mexico
China and Ecuador with a phone and email
account registered under a fake name now
you can actually apparently have three
passports it's not strictly speaking a
crime it can be that for certain sorts
of consular purposes you might need a
second passport and there are both
private and diplomatic passports I have
no reason to believe that he would have
any sort of non-typical passport but
it's possible that that is not one of
the areas that he has broken the law but
you do have to love having the fake
phone number the fake name for his phone
number and email address it's almost
like this guy thinks that he's some sort
of super spy or something he seems to
believe it too because he also has a
fondness for the James Bond inspired
password Bond double-oh-seven and by the
way for a spy that is the world's worst
password yes how easy is that to break
yeah what the world's worst spy it hurts
me because I really like James Bond yeah
well he's more dr. evil my password now
changed his first it was password then
it was mana for and okay I've got it
bondable
was even like double o8 it doesn't like
you know anyway but the next one was
From Russia With Love
or at least cash so I remember when we
were having the warrantless wiretapping
debate we were on the side of let's not
invader innocent Americans privacy and
let's follow the Constitution
Republicans were on the side of oh
you've got nothing to hide and you
shouldn't worry about it
if you've got nothing to hide why do you
need three passports make a name for
your phone number this sub Chase you
hide but besides which were past that
discussion because we now have indicted
him and we have all the evidence of the
things he had to hide including tens of
millions of dollars of payments from
Russian oligarchs and and all of his
illicit dealings that he was desperate
to hide and launder yeah and I'm glad
that you brought up the money because
I'm not gonna go through all the numbers
because there's a lot of them but there
is some very bizarre behavior when it
comes to his net worth and also Gates
but a little bit less interested in
gates so his net worth apparently
fluctuates maybe in the same way that
Donald Trump's is Donald Trump says that
his net worth in part depends on his
mood
that's from official financial documents
Larry's yeah so from from one month to a
couple of months later at different
points mana for disclosed his net worth
as around like the mid twenties in
millions all the way up to one hundred
and thirty million dollars and back down
again just in a couple months now maybe
this guy is just a crazy gambler and you
know sometimes he gets high and
sometimes he gets low or sometimes he
lies on financial disclosure forms even
inside of one month just a couple weeks
apart his income went from the mid 20s
to the mid 60s on financial like loan
applications and things like that
in the same month and I believe it's
gates who applied for fifty different
bank accounts inside of one month at one
point this is a lot of shady activity
and best-case scenario I think at this
point this is purely personal financial
crimes that this is criminal behavior
where they attempted to enrich
themselves and there are no policy
implications
political implications but I don't
understand why this guy would be so dead
set on being involved in Donald Trump's
presidential campaign if he's got this
amazing racket setup that he's been
operating for a number of years why is
it that he needs to get involved with
Donald Trump's campaign and that's where
the non best-case scenario gets involved
and don't forget that this is the guy in
when he was in charge of Donald Trump's
RNC strategy who got them to change the
part of their platform that had to do
with Ukraine and so that's the possible
reason why he's getting these huge sums
of money all at once
yeah and as I explained earlier in the
week he took 19 million dollars from a
Russian oligarch and didn't pay it back
and didn't do what he was said he was
going to do and then in some of the
emails that we found out in the
indictment a it was mentioned that this
was a good way to get even with the
Russian oligarchs and and well maybe
that's why he was traveling under a fake
name he was worried about like relax
gonna Beach and drinking a polonium
colada yeah and and so this would make
them whole and if mana four could
deliver certain goodies
for the Russian government then maybe
they've not gonna want their 19 million
dollars back okay that can't involve
Donald Trump because he just met man
afford several decades ago and man
afford lives in his building and this is
very important the guy Rick gates with
the all the shady stuff that John just
explained man affords top aide until
Monday he was employed by one of Donald
Trump's best friends Thomas Barack
junior and he was employed as part of
his real estate company Rick Gates
doesn't know anything about real estate
and has never worked in real estate
you think maybe it's just a coincidence
that one of Donald Trump's best friends
hired gates who was just indicted and a
really high salary to work on something
that he knows nothing about and you
think that Trump and Gates a man afford
are not connected that sounds like how
Trump forms his cabinet and so finally
look back to the pardon for a second
the reason Trump walks out without
answering the pardon question is if he
says I I'm considering pardon me
this guy who's connected to me and it
seems to be a clear obstruction of
justice saying I am going to help this
guy get off the hook so that I don't
have to face criminal justice and
there's an excellent case to be made for
obstruction of justice
if Trump says that if he says I
definitely won't pardon them
well then mana for thinks well I got
nothing left I might as well turn
evidence against some otherwise I'm
gonna go to potentially go to prison for
decades right so that's why under no
circumstances the Donald Trump want to
answer that question by not answering
the question he's basically winking to
mana for remember it's still possible
and we have a petition about this tea
white tea network.com slash pardon if he
pardons anyone related to this
investigation
he should be immediately impeached it's
the most clear obstruction of justice
you could have and if you let him get
away with it he'll pardon everyone
including himself and just keep being
dictator watch the young turks
commercial free download it or stream it
watch it any way you like at TYT Network
com slash join
