you know what that means we've got
exciting news all right here it is just
Democrats now merging with all of us all
right look
people wanted unity among progresses we
got it
so just Democrats have now joined up
forces with several different groups we
talked about brand-new Congress before
now all of us has joined just Democrats
all of us are the folks who launched we
will replace you.org
and they were among the several
different groups who are looking to keep
corporate democrats in check and hold
them accountable well that's exactly
what just Democrats are doing so now
United progressives fight back against
the establishment sometimes it will have
to be the Democratic establishment
because they are far far too
conservative and too conciliatory
towards Republicans but eventually
obviously the idea is to get to the
Republicans and run real campaigns
populist progressive campaigns against
the Republicans so that we can actually
win unfortunately the corporate
Democrats have a terrible terrible track
record they've lost 69 out of 99 state
legislatures which is an amazing stat
they've lost the House of
Representatives they lost the Senate
they lost the White House to Donald
Trump they lost the Supreme Court so get
out of the way get out of the way here
come real progressives and the real
Justice League so let me give you a
couple of quotes from the folks involved
you're just first of all will lead
shaheed who is now was one of the
cofounders of all of us now the press
director for justice democrats says we
believe the democratic party needs to
stand with working-class Americans of
all races against the billionaires and
politicians who divide and conquer us by
pitting neighbor against neighbor well
we're not gonna stand for that anymore
and I love it max Berger was the other
founder of all of us and he is now also
with the Justice Democrats shortcut
chakrabarti who is the executive
director of Justice Democrat says with
all of us on our team our number of
supporters just doubled our grassroots
backed infrastructure is expanding that
establishments billionaire backed
infrastructure and our populist message
is already stronger than their lack of a
message now these two groups are among
the people who help to write the
people's platform along with our
revolution so we are forming a united
front here and we are very very clear
first of all we won't stand for
corruption so if you're taking corporate
PAC money we've got no interest we're
gonna run uncorrupted candidates and
right now the just Democrats have twenty
nine candidates soon that number will
grow even higher in fact tomorrow on The
Young Turks we have an exclusive at 6:00
p.m. Eastern at the top of the show we
will announce the new candidate against
Senator Dianne Feinstein and she is in a
lot of ways that pitted me of the
corporate Democrats she did two town
halls recently in California where she
said she's not ready for a
medicare-for-all at this stage she's
been in government nearly half of a
century how long is it gonna take you to
get ready for Medicare for all it's a
preposterous statement guess what she
did a week after giving those town halls
she went and collected checks from the
health care industry she cashed him in
as campaign contributions and then told
two other voters of California no I'm
never gonna fight for you on health care
I'm not gonna fight for you on universal
health care coverage
orb√°n for Medicare for all and the list
goes on and on she's for the death
penalty she's voted for not only the
Iraq war but for Bush's tax cuts for the
rich now no more no more corporate
Democrats if you're not willing to fight
Republicans you've got to get out of the
way now the progressives have unified
and we are coming and we're coming a
hundred miles an hour I love that all of
us and we will replace you org is now
part of the team you want unity that's
real unity not won't worry where we bow
our heads the Democratic Party
establishment or to the Democratic
consultants or lobbyists this is where
we actually represent the people so go
to just Democrats come for more
information on this tomorrow at 6:00
p.m. Eastern the new progressive
candidate who is going to defeat Dianne
Feinstein you're gonna love that
and in fact we're gonna have election
coverage yes it's about a year before
the 2018 elections and yes we are
beginning on The Young Turks tomorrow
Thursday not only will we have that
announcement and will have a regular
show 68 p.m. Eastern
but 8:00 to 11:00 p.m. Eastern a special
three-hour election coverage where we
will feature more than half a dozen
Justice Democratic candidates um here in
the studio from California and some
through Skype from all across the
country
here come the progressives fighting for
real change come and join us and let's
go win help us build an independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
