a Japanese firm is attempting to
compensate its non-smoking employees
with a little more time off and the
reason why they're doing this is because
some of its employees were complaining
that people who smoke cigarettes happen
to take lengthy breaks while they're at
their desks doing their jobs and working
and so they say it's not fair and
surprisingly enough this marketing firm
which is known as Peola Inc responded by
saying okay we're gonna give you some
paid time off six days a year to be
specific so the marketing firm
introduced a new paid leave allowance in
September after non-smokers complained
that they were working more than their
colleagues who smoked so also keep in
mind that this building is a skyscraper
and the firm is on the 29th floor
meaning if individuals wanted to go out
and smoke they would take the lengthy
break because it took a while to get all
the way to ground level and find an area
where it was okay to smoke and so
sometimes it would take 15 minutes and
if you're smoking multiple times a day
well that could really add up one of the
representatives said that one of our
non-smoking staff put a message in the
company suggestion box earlier in the
year saying that smoking breaks are
causing problems okay I love this it's
so good but it's but it's clever okay
first of all it's clever in that it
shows the management cares about the
concerns of its employees so that's a
it'll help boost morale that's a
positive thing but more importantly if I
were smoking cigarettes and I knew that
I could either choose to continue
smoking cigarettes or get an additional
six days paid leave I'm gonna stop
smoking right or at least I'm not gonna
smoke during work hours it's gonna
increase productivity right I'm not
gonna take these lengthy breaks I might
even just stop smoking altogether
smart smart I just think it's smart okay
as a new employer I have a slightly
different perspective
horsedick okay back to the mines okay
now in all seriousness look it's a super
tough issue and this is an innovative
approach but uh so
yes it's for the non-smokers it is
annoying that the smokers get to keep
taking 15-minute break after 15-minute
break and I get it on the other hand the
non-smokers you guys are working
efficiently you know the entire time the
whole eight hours nine out of ten hours
however much you work you're working
non-stop
like while they're taking their smoke
break you're not looking for anything
online you're just pounding away look
and I'll tell you because I've done your
drug when I was a lawyer I hated my job
and you know you got a building with
clients and I was like I'm super honest
so like I'm like okay if I wasn't
working that minute on it I don't want
to charge the guy right so it would take
me 12 hours to build someone for four
hours or six hours because I'm going
checking my email I'm going online I'm
going to get a long lunch because I hate
what I'm doing right so a lot of time -
okay so it is possible that people could
be addicted to multiple drugs right so
the surfing online checking your email
which by the way a lot of people's jobs
just require them to check email
throughout the day anyway but I did
there there's no reason to believe that
the people who are smoking these
cigarettes aren't also surfing the web
and messing around on that's true -
that's a good point it's a good point
like so now I gotta give everybody six
extra days off No okay I don't know
we're laughs okay by the way here's
another thing that might not apply in
Japan but certainly applies here in the
United States this could significantly
lower health care costs for the employer
who's providing health insurance for its
employees right and so if you have
people living a healthier lifestyle
that's again going to save you more
money yeah I know but then I don't like
that for progressive reasons I don't
want to get into my employees life and
be like okay you're not exercising now
if you're smoking too much you're
drinking too much vodka you know like oh
just let him live no I get it but you're
not gonna charge people more for their
insurance based on their habits right
it's essentially creating an
infrastructure that encourages people to
live healthier lifestyles if they don't
want to do it they don't have to do it
but you're not getting
to their individual lives you're just
creating incentives for people to be
held okay I'm gonna look for a
compromise here I will be in favor of
just the Japanese doing it you know why
one they're not here - they're working
themselves to death anyway they are
right so by God if you're in Japan take
some days off if you liked this video
you probably like independent media the
best way to support independent media
become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm slash join
