so John Kelly is the chief of staff for
Donald Trump and he's supposed to be the
adult in the room the reasonable voice
he went on television to defend Trump
obviously as this all this indictments
are coming down from Anna Ford and gates
of former Trump campaign workers
including man afford to campaign
chairman obviously Papadopoulos even
some ways worse news I was a foreign
policy advisor to Trump so he goes on
Fox to defend Donald Trump but then the
Fox host of course can't help themselves
there in this case they're gonna ask him
about the civil war isn't it terrible
that they're taking down the the
monuments to the beloved Confederate
generals and there is two plaques
honoring Robert Ely and and in this case
also President Washington taking down
Alexandria Virginia that is what he's
responding to listen to what he says and
then I'm going to show you how terribly
wrong he is let's watch I would tell you
that robert e lee was an honorable man
he was a man that gave up i gave up his
country to fight for his state which in
150 years ago was more important than
country it was always loyalty to state
first back in those days now where it's
different today but the the lack of an
ability to compromise led to the civil
war and men and women of good faith on
both sides made their stand where their
conscience had to make their stand
so he's wrong on three gigantic counts
there on the issue of robert e lee being
an honorable man hold wait till you find
out what he actually did and so this i
did not know and it is amazing the
historical context he says is important
now historical context we all admit is
important but i'm gonna give some
context on top of context on that and
then were there compromises so i want to
give a world of credit here to tennessee
Coates who tweeted about this and and
some of this stuff i knew some of it i
frankly like i said i didn't know and
and i want to thank you for educating me
as well as you guys on some of this
history so let's get to it first i'm a
compromise coach points out i mean like
it's called the three-fifths compromise
for a reason
but it doesn't stand alone Missouri
Compromise the kansas-nebraska act now
this is stuff that I think a lot of us
did know and when I watch the clip it
made my blood boil saying that there was
no compromise we put we said that
African Americans were three-fifths of a
human being in the Constitution why did
we do that the North didn't want to do
that the South wanted to say they
weren't human at all but they wanted to
be able to count their bodies for votes
not to actually let them vote but so
that they could have greater
representation in the Senate and there
was a compromise on that we compromise
on whether they were human and then
you're gonna tell us there was no
compromise with the south it's insanity
totally counterfactual let alone the
Missouri Compromise etc now I also and I
think a lot of folks know about Lincoln
offering compromise after compromise but
you might not know all the details link
his own platform was a compromises
Coates points out Lincoln was not an
abolitionist he proposed a limit
slavery's expansion not ended but of
course the south did not accept that
compromise and it wound up being war not
because the North chosen but because the
South chosen they refused every
compromise Lincoln gave them and to some
degree I'm thankful for it because there
the time for compromise was over you
know time after time they gave in to the
south to allow them to keep human beings
as slaves so I'm glad that they were
unreasonable and and we finally ended
the scourge of slavery now more on the
Lincoln issue during the Civil War
Lincoln repeatedly sought to compromise
by paying reparations not to the slaves
but to the slaveholders a shipping
blacks out of the country now you want
to buy the historical context of Lincoln
that is a fair point
now these compromises in today's world
seem horrific to say that oh look we'll
give you money for your slaves you know
sorry that we have to take your property
away even though they're human beings
and we'll get rid of them for you guys
their North promised that compromise
thank God the South didn't accept okay
and yes I know the Civil War was
terrible and bloody
but again the North didn't choose that
african-americans didn't choose that for
most of the states they were actually
dominantly african-american they didn't
choose that the South chose that they
chose war okay
Coast continues the spirit of
quote/unquote compromise continued
Lincoln asked only ten percent of voters
and rebel States the sign loyalty oath
for readmission to the Union look I I'm
more in the camp of unconditional
surrender and and we we in the North
beat the south and the Confederacy the
Confederacy was literally a group of
traitors who committed treason against
the United States of America they chose
to break apart the United States of
America asking for ten percent of them
to give us a loyalty oath was way too
small these compromises were outrageous
but offered over and over again and what
do they do on fox news and one of those
the quote unquote adults in the room in
the Trump White House do it what did I
tell you look John Kelly might not be
insane like Donald Trump and yes he
might be a little bit more under control
and he's not a petulant child but he's
not a good guy
they're all right wingers in the Trump
White House now he comes on TV oh yeah
yeah Oprah dude there wasn't enough
compromise all the poor South the north
didn't compromise enough compromise
continued long after Lincoln's death the
compromise of 1877 led to explicit white
supremacist rule in the south for a
century and yes in that case it was no
matter what you want to take which side
you want to take in the debate of today
was that white supremacy when they would
like crosses on fire in African American
neighbor's front lawns when they would
Lynch African Americans when they had
separate facilities for African
Americans and when I were way inferior
for a hundred years of course that was
literally white supremacy and even that
compromise is not enough for Fox News no
they wanted the north to compromise more
with the white supremacists that is
literal okay
and in the case of historical context
here Coates makes a point that is great
and again I have to
that I didn't even think about it in
this context and I'm asking you to open
your mind for a second because when
you're when you see new facts you can't
go into your own shelters and no no no
no I don't want to see it if I'm a
right-wing or left-wing or whatever it
might be
now I just talked about historical
context in the case of Lincoln and yes
in the case of the founding fathers it
it was complicated in and Washington
refused to be king he believed in
democracy and that was wonderful but yes
he held saves and that was terrible and
I could go on and on but when John Kelly
talks about the historical context of
why the slaveholders held slaves what he
discounts completely as quotes points
out is the actual slaves the human
beings who were also in those states
when he says oh well they didn't know at
the time it was so bad we're judging
them on our standards but at that time
those standards were not that bad and
coach rightfully asked for who for who
they were they not that bad in one of
the tweets he said the majority people
living in Mississippi in 1860 were black
they knew in their time that his slave
monta√±as sippy the majority would have
said slavery is a terrible abomination
but they didn't pull people and they
didn't ask them they didn't even
consider them people but yes in that
historical context the North knew the
abolitionists knew the african-americans
knew the only people who didn't know are
the ones that now Fox News and John
Kelly are desperately trying to defend
the vicious racists of the Confederacy
which brings us to the revered robert e
lee everybody talks of him in glowing
terms what a gentleman he was well I
mean he had to go to war because I mean
his state did and they're back down in
the state was more important country no
wasn't we had a whole war because the
states were not more important in the
country the country you're talking about
is a United States of America the one
that you are now chief of staff to the
President to so please have a little bit
of respect for America and now but now
all of a sudden in your revisionist
history no no Virginia was more
important the states were more important
and he was a gentleman anyway that's
always a talking point that they put out
there now
here are more things I didn't know about
robert e lee turns out when you look at
the experts and what they wrote first of
all robert e lee inherited some of the
slaves that he kept any in case you were
wondering he was wrong yeah i don't know
that robert e lee was even for slavery
he just had to do it because he was from
virginia no not only did he have slaves
he inherited slaves but in in reality he
didn't the will said that they should be
free but he flaunted to make sure that
they were in Chains later they peta the
courts actually ruled against them and
set his slaves free but no he wanted to
hold on to a furlough as long as was
they weren't even his slaves he was
lying about it in the first place he
didn't detest slavery he loved slavery
so in fact he was apparently vicious to
his slaves which gives us this account
when two of his slaves escaped and were
recaptured lee either beat them himself
or ordered the overseer to quote lay it
on well wesley norris one of the slaves
who was whipped recalled that quote not
satisfied with simply lacerating our
naked flesh generally then ordered to
overseer to thoroughly wash our backs
with brine which was done he was a slave
holder a torturer and a vicious racist
that's who Robert Ely was I don't want
any statues of him in our country our
countries the United States of America
if you don't like it leave I know that's
what you tried to do during the
Confederacy Fox News get out go you want
to do another rebellion you want to do
treason again you want to go protect the
white supremacy go do it in another
country because we already defeated you
America beat you once we'll beat you
again and apparently you guys have no
idea what America means by the way again
the reluctant warrior of General Lee he
goes to the north because it's he's
defending his home wait a minute first
of all he didn't just defend Virginia he
went to the north and fine you say
that's in the middle of a war but what
did he do there during his invasion of
Pennsylvania Lee's Army of Northern
Virginia in Slate free blacks and
brought them back to the south as
property what happened I thought he
didn't you know he didn't my
he he didn't care that much about
slavery it's not like he was trying to
protect like no he went and took freemen
and turned them into slaves cuz he loved
slavery because like everyone else in
the Confederacy he was a vicious racist
so don't come here now and do
revisionist history on us so last part
is is from a Mississippi Senator back in
1858 because I've been all over the
south I've seen the bumper stickers I've
seen the shirts with all the northerners
don't understand the Yankees don't
understand history it was about states
rights states rights to what for slaves
and all of the Confederate leaders said
it was because of slavery but I wanted
you to quote you this senator from
Mississippi because he did an
impassioned speech where he said that we
should actually invade other countries
in the in Central America and other
places why to spread slavery to them
and here's one of the quotes he said yes
I want these countries for the spread of
slavery
I would spread the blessings of slavery
like the religion of our divine master
to the uttermost ends of the earth and
rebellious and wicked as the Yankees
have been I would even extend it to them
I am so glad we beat these sons of
bitches
I'm so glad that we crushed them if you
want to call it a war of Northern
Aggression then God bless Northern
Aggression
thank God we put America back together
again and defeated these racist white
supremacist slaveholders and the people
who would go in and and die and kill to
keep other human beings as slaves so
don't come on television now and do
pretend that they were good guys and
honorable gentlemen and we don't
understand history you either don't
under and understand history yourself or
you're perfectly fine with that history
and you still want to defend it to this
day if you don't believe in America step
down as chief of staff because you don't
understand and appreciate the history of
this country and what is
supposed to stand for and that's the
reality if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network concise joy
