recently the RNC had done a poll of
Trump's base to figure out whether or
not they think there's a blue wave or
wet red wave coming during the midterm
elections so this leaked survey
conducted by the RNC found that a
majority of President Trump supporters
don't believe that Democrats have a
chance to win back the house okay and so
it goes into specific numbers 57% of
people who identified as strong Trump
supporters said Democrats don't have a
chance while 37% believe they do now
part of the reason why they think that
there's gonna be a red wave is because
they just believe everything that Trump
says and Trump has repeatedly said don't
worry about the the blue wave it's all
you know lies there's gonna be a red
tsunami so I wanted to see if the
findings of this poll were really
accurate and so emmav Egeland
our reporter went to a trump rally in
Springfield Missouri and asked whether
or not his supporters think there's
gonna be a blue wave red wave what do
you think and here's what they had to
say we are the silent majority a lot of
people I wear my hat I have a sticker on
the car I have beautiful women like you
come up and say I love your hat and they
never did you know that's just unusual
and people vote for Trump but they're
not gonna say that just you know they're
too afraid that their neighbors their
friends are gonna say something mean I
look like Santa Claus and who wants to
beat up Santa Claus you know that's just
that's just bad juju bad they're just
bringing out more Republicans out of the
Woodworks Democrats do you think keep on
lying and running your mouth Democrats
will go by the wayside and it'll all be
Republican they tried that story once
before it didn't quite work the wall
came down another wall is gonna go up
thank you get out and vote red tsunami
red wave not the blue wave you guys are
not buying that we're not buying that
yeah all right god bless your hearts
stay at home so this is a wonderful case
of Donald Trump's lies coming back to
bite them so this is ironically very
Hillary Hillary Clinton esque
Hilary Clinton would tell everyone we're
gonna win we're definitely gonna win
well that's not a great way to get out
the vote in fact there are stories of
how her team would call into MSNBC and
yell about their on-air host including
Mika Brzezinski if they ever said that
Hillary Clinton might not win they'd be
like how dare you allow a host to say
that first of all let's note that MSNBC
is taking Hillary Clinton's calls on
what to say and not say on air which is
preposterous they should never do that
but apparently they did that with some
regularity Mika Brzezinski said that on
air so that's an admission and and I
know other MSNBC on-air personalities
that said yes they called all the time
to critique what we were saying on air
that situation is crazy so but why would
you want people to be overly confident
that you're gonna win then that makes it
less likely they're gonna show up so
what Trump is done is said I don't worry
about the blue wave that's not true
remember they said Hillary Clinton was
gonna win and a lot of his supporters
say the same thing they're quoted as
saying media told us he was gonna
definitely win that's not gonna happen
well that makes it less likely but
they're gonna show up to vote great
great news stay at home I'm sure you got
this guys definitely read wave sit on
your couch and enjoy the red wave see
what happens yeah well for Trump his ego
goes above everything else including
strategy logic rationale like he wants
everyone to think he's amazing even if
that's not the truth and so yeah he's
gonna say there's a red tsunami coming
because he thinks that makes him look
good he doesn't think about the
consequences of that or the
ramifications and I'm really looking
forward to see it play out during the
elections as I told you earlier in the
show the Democrats now have a 12-point
lead and who should take over Congress
that is an enormous lead and meaning
that there will be not only a wave but
perhaps a tsunami in the Democrats
direction I'm not among the people who
said Hillary Clinton was definitely
gonna win I said watch out he has a 3035
percent chance of winning even on
election day let alone earlier when I
said he would win
and she had an advantage of the polls
but it wasn't that big and he slide a
35% chance of winning and and as you
know Ben and I talked about that day
that means that could easily happen and
it did happen now I'm telling you I
numbers are real they're not made-up
they're not fake news it depends on who
you're polling and you have to be
sophisticated about looking at the polls
and I think that over the last 16 years
we've proven that we're a little bit
sophisticated on this having gotten many
of these things right when the
mainstream media didn't and I'll tell
you right now that 12 points is real and
especially if Trump voters think that
there's no danger of them losing some
percentage of them historically that's a
fact we'll stay at home thinking there's
no threat at all and then that will make
their problems way way worse
so in conclusion I'm going to tell
myself all we cared about was politics
we wouldn't even do this video but our
job is also to bring you the reality so
we're showing you what Trump voters
actually think even though showing them
that they're wrong is doesn't help our
cause but they are there is one way to
find out so we'll see you on November 6
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
