BuzzFeed News revealed that actor
Anthony Rapp had been assaulted by Kevin
Spacey back when he was 14 years old at
least there were sexual advances made by
Kevin Spacey toward Anthony Rapp when he
was 14 years old now just to give you a
sense of Anthony wraps take on what
occurred and this was almost 30 years
ago in an interview with BuzzFeed news
Rapp is publicly alleging for the first
time that in 1986 Spacey befriended Rapp
while they both performed on Broadway
shows invited rap over to his apartment
for a party and by the way no one else
was at this party and at the end of the
night picked wrap-up placed him on his
bed and climbed on top of him making a
sexual advance according to public
records space he was 26 at the time and
rap was 14 they apparently rap had gone
to Spacey's apartment and at one point
the only person who's in Spacey's
bedroom sitting at the edge of the bed
apparently watching a movie or something
was rap
and here's what happened spacey sort of
stood in the doorway kind of swaying my
impression when he came in the room was
that he was drunk he picked me up like a
groom picks up a bride over the
threshold but I don't like squirm away
initially because I'm like what's going
on and then he lays down on top of me he
was trying to seduce me I don't know if
I would have used that language but I
was aware that he was trying to get with
me sexually okay so he manages to kind
of get away and get out of the situation
before anything else happens but he does
say that space he was like pressing into
me and that he remembers Spacey
tightening his arms but while he can't
recall exactly how long Spacey remained
on top of him
Rapp said he was able to squirm away
after a short period Spacey responded to
this and I'm gonna get to his response
and weird apology in just a minute but I
wanted you to jump in Jenkins yeah so
look as we suspected now more stories
are coming out about
and in Hollywood who perhaps sexually
harassed other men and and in this case
it's a 14 year old so that is deeply
problematic and Kevin Spacey for a long
time denied that he was gay and there
was enormous rumors about it and and you
know look everybody gets to make their
own choice about that because we don't
know what it is to live in a closet and
and the pressures that come along with
it and we don't know what jobs he would
have been denied out of bigotry and and
discrimination and but rap is going
coming forward because he's saying he's
standing on the shoulders of other
courageous women and men who came
forward so that it doesn't happen to
other people so that is obviously very
understandable Spacey's reaction to it
worked with a lot of the media but it
did not work with anyone else
and it was a very poor excuse as you're
about to see right
so I Spacey responded via Twitter and
what he did was post a longer text of
his apology but he ends it in a
questionable way which has a lot of
people upset so pay close attention to
it he says I have a lot of respect and
admiration for Anthony Rapp as an actor
I'm beyond horrified to hear his story I
honestly do not remember the encounter
it would have been over 30 years ago but
if I did behave then as he describes I
owe him the sincerest apology for what
would have been deeply inappropriate
drunken behavior and I'm sorry for the
feelings he describes having carried
with him all these years okay and and
wrap does specify that every single time
that Spacey got a new role or received
some sort of award for his work his
stomach would churn because he had this
deep dark secret that he didn't share
with with many people he only shared it
with a few individuals that were
extremely close to him by the way
BuzzFeed did reach out to those
individuals who corroborated this story
so so far it's a poor apology because if
it happened
sounds like a logic you know if I had
done it is how I would have done it and
and then he blames it on drunken
behavior but it is 30
it doesn't excuse the behavior at all I
only say that in regards so he might
have forgotten it's because we don't
know how many times he did similar
things so he might have forgot in that
particular episode so so far it's bad
but it's not outrageous the second part
is much worse this is the outrageous
part he says this story has encouraged
me to address other things about my life
I know that there are stories out there
about me and that some have been fueled
by the fact that I've been so protective
of my privacy as those closest to me
know in my life I've had relationships
with both men and women I have loved and
had romantic encounters with men
throughout my life and I choose now to
live as a gay man I want to deal with
this honesty honestly and openly and
that starts with examining my own
behavior what yeah so it's it's a
trumpian squirrel maneuver look at
Hilary look at the dossiers look at
uranium one so the press has been
wanting to Kevin Spacey's they admit
that he's gay for decades so he finally
admits it in this context and so they're
thrilled about it at anybody who was
reporting about Kevin Spacey for all
this time and they all run with
headlines about you oh my god Kevin
Spacey's gay gay Kevin Spacey with an
emotional coming-out story no no no no
that's not the story the story's about
the abuse and but but it's actually way
worse than that as a lot of people are
pointing out today because now you've
conflated being gay with pedophilia
which is disastrous I mean some folks
might have been aggrieved for him not
coming out earlier that's not my
business and you know and there's a lot
of different opinions on that but what
you do come out in a dramatic fashion
after you've been accused of you know
sexually assaulting a fourteen-year-old
that's a terrible time to come out and
then to say it's okay I'm you know I'm
gay no don't say that
that was such a bad move on his part and
and look based on the allegation that we
have and what we know right now at this
moment regarding Kevin Spacey it's not
as bad as what Harvey Weinstein is done
but his up
ecology reminded me a lot of Harvey
Weinstein's apology in fact I think it's
even a even worse because Harvey
Weinstein's apology tried to deflect
from what he did and victimizing all
these people by saying that he was going
to use his time to go after the NRA
remember this was after the mass
shooting that occurred in Las Vegas and
that was such a disgusting attempt to
not only deflect but make him out to be
like a good guy some sort of hero who's
gonna fight for justice and in this case
you know I feel like Spacey is using his
sexuality as you know again as a shield
exactly right and as you mentioned it
worked with some members of the media
but know this is a distraction this is a
way of deflecting and I don't care if
he's gay or straight what he did to a
fourteen-year-old was beyond
inappropriate and at best it
accidentally smears other
gay folks yes right and that's totally
unacceptable and so look it's why does
an essay is not as bad as once into
action so first of all why C's has
charges of rape against him now and so
this is not this is bad it's not at that
level and this is one person Weinstein
that we know of right exactly that's ry
seen his dozens and dozens of cases now
having said that yes his excuse is worse
because it's not just about him it hurts
other people in in his community and
there are other human beings and it's
not right don't hide behind them watch
The Young Turks commercial free download
it or stream it watch it any way you
like at TYT Network comm slash join
