puerto rico's power authority has
decided to terminate its contract with
Whitefish energy this is of course the
energy company that had all of two
full-time employees right before it
received a three hundred million dollar
contract by the Power Authority in
Puerto Rico
now the upcoming cancellation came just
a few hours after Puerto Rico governor
Rick Ricardo Rose AO asked the board of
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority
also known as prepa to cancel the
contract with white fish during a news
conference on Sunday morning at that
point the CEO Ricardo Ramos said during
a news conference Sunday afternoon that
he accepted the governor's
recommendation now the contract does
require a 30-day notice for cancellation
so these individuals will continue to
get paid for another 30 days but the
good news is that this 300 million
dollar contract has been terminated
because of pressure because of excellent
reporting by journalists who uncovered
the contract and the the shady dealings
happening behind the scenes including
the fact that this company was very much
tied to the Trump administration in the
form of gigantic campaign donations so
the fact that they've now withdrawn it
shouldn't mean that we should end the
investigation who gave him the contract
in the first place and why did day this
is clearly connected to the interior
secretary Ryan's inky white fish is
literally his hometown and one of his
best friends is the owner of the company
this should not be the end of the
investigation it should be the beginning
of the investigation Ramos is an
important character in this play because
he's the one that made the decision and
he seems very reluctant even today today
saying restoration efforts are going to
be delayed by 10 to 12 weeks and it's
gonna take additional money to
demobilize seems like he's come to this
to say decision but grudgingly I'd like
the press are almost a little bit more
on who talked him into giving the
contract to white fish in the first
place because that's where the real
story is right and the good news is that
the FBI is investigating this case yeah
all the power in the world to them on
this because this doesn't look good if
you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live to our
show
six to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and you
could download it or stream in and watch
it without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
