today we fennel man the George
papadopolis foreign policy adviser to
Donald Trump campaign turns out as
struck a plea deal and is cooperating
with a special counsel Robert Muller
mmm first let's note for the record
ladies and gentlemen we got him D'Argo's
Papadopoulos tableaus Papadopoulos okay
alright he is actually down and out in
that he has pled guilty there is no more
question about what he did and we have
the evidence directly from him who else
he winds up getting in a lot of trouble
well that's what we're gonna find out
and and I have some evidence on that as
well so let's get to it first what a
Donald Trump think or Papadopoulos well
he was a foreign policy adviser to him
and the campaign team that was fairly
young about 30 years old at the time but
Donald Trump said he was quote an oil
and energy consultant excellent guy so
Trump thought he was an excellent guy
that's why he was an advisor to the
campaign okay
oil consultant as then the Russians
don't like the oil sanctions we have and
he's trying to figure out how to lift
them okay now that's a little bit of
speculation but luckily we have a giant
investigation and we'll find out soon
enough and here's Papadopoulos in a
picture with the Trump campaign which
they proudly put out to the public from
earlier Papadopoulos sitting about four
seats away from Donald Trump at an
important foreign policy meeting during
the campaign okay so we found out the
news about Papadopoulos today but it
turns out he was actually arrested a
long time ago let me tell you about that
we go do hub post here Papadopoulos was
first arrested on July 27th when he
landed at Washington Dulles
International Airport on a flight from
Germany and he's been cooperating ever
since
wonderful okay the former Trump foreign
policy advisor lied to the Federal
Bureau of Investigation during an
interview on January 27th 2017 the
meeting was held as part of their
investigation into the Russian
government's efforts to influence the
2016 campaign and whether there was
quote coordination between foreign
operatives and the Trump team documents
show
now that we're at Politico now and they
are explaining the different parts of
the indictment and and the charges
against Papadopoulos and what he has
pled guilty to so the issue here is he
was trying to collude with the Russians
and get the Trump campaign to collude
with the Russians so let's find out more
more from Politico Papadopoulos met with
a former with a professor I should say
from abroad who had quote substantial
connections to the Russian government
officials on around March 14 2016
while Papadopoulos told federal
authorities the meeting came prior to
him joining Trump's campaign it in fact
occurred in early March documents show
after he joined the team the meeting
also came about because the professor's
interest in Papadopoulos has rolled at
Trump camp they again discussed campaign
related matters on April 26 2016
after Papadopoulos had been on the
campaign team for more than a month so
he comes in and tells the FBI in the
beginning no man I don't know what
you're talking about and this
coordination later he's like okay fine
you got me recording then initially he
had said oh the professor I mean he was
just he was talking to me before I was
on the campaign later he says yep you
got me he was talking to me
not only after the campaign during the
campaign but the only reason that the
Russian professor or the professor that
had ties to the Russian government
looked me up is because I was on the
campaign and the Russians were trying to
reach the campaign and he went on to
talk to someone else who was dubbed a
relative of law demur putin again he was
open and receptive to that and he
brought that the campaign officials and
they were open and receptive to that
we've got more evidence on that in a
second and so now more from Politico
summary here Papadopoulos also lied to
the FBI about the extent of his
awareness of the professor's Moscow
connections calling him a quote nothing
who was just a guy turning up
connections or something when in reality
he knew of his link to the Kremlin so
that's at a minimum line number three
talks that
I don't connect to the Roger huh
and now he says yes and by the way I'm
very curious and we don't have this yet
how the FBI knew he was lying and could
prove it that made him flip but I don't
know if they have emails remember they
raided Manta Ford's house and got all of
his info so but that was a little bit
later he was arrested you know a long
time ago Papadopoulos was so it's
fascinating to see how this is going to
play out but they apparently they had
enough evidence on him they show it to
him and he goes yeah yeah I was lying
about that too yeah I knew the professor
was super important and was trying to
connect me to the brush's okay
abdominals admitted to authorities that
the professor had told him that he
possessed quote dirt on then Democratic
presidential candidate Hillary Clinton
and her thousands of emails the
professor also discussed the emails
during their meeting in April after
Papadopoulos had joined the campaign
okay more revealed today documents say
Papadopoulos quote over a period months
sought to use the connections of the
professor and the woman described as
putin's relative to set up a summit
between the campaign and the russian
government now that someone ever wound
up happening but they were trying and
they were encouraged from others in the
Trump campaign including apparently
Manta fort and of course now you know we
know that later the russians reached out
and got Donald Trump jr. to set up a
meeting with manna fort & Kushner and
others involved in the campaign so the
Russians have been trying to reach the
Trump campaign for quite some time
and Papadopoulos was happy to make that
happen and they and appointed the
discussions here was stolen emails so
that is deeply problematic okay so we'll
get back to that in a second let me give
you more details following a March
meeting with his two contacts
Papadopoulos told a campaign supervisor
of the potential gathering it was told
that they would quote work it through
the campaign the supervisor added quote
great work ultimately the meeting
between the Russian leadership in the
campaign did not take place as I
explained earlier so
campaign supervisors like oh you want to
set up the meeting great let's work it
through the campaign and great job way
to go way to set us up with the Russians
on the stolen emails okay now let me go
to the details of some of those emails
and you'll begin to see how guilty he
was he explains to the supervisor on the
Trump campaign quote there's some
interesting messages coming in from
Moscow about a trip when the time is
right that is a trip for Donald Trump to
go meet with the Russians now that would
have been amazing well that's the trip
that didn't get set up and for reasons
that you're about to see okay for
example on or about June 19th of 2016
after several emails Skype exchanges now
this is from the actual Department of
Justice filings on or about June 19 2016
after several emails Skype exchanges
with the Russian MFA connection
defendant Papadopoulos emailed the
high-ranking campaign official with a
subject line new message from Russia so
for all the folks who have always said
that there is no evidence and that the
Russians were trying to connect with the
Russian camp and with the Trump campaign
well this'll this will do it
giant email that says new message from
Russia okay
and when I when told about it you can't
be a supervisor like great work okay now
let's find out what was in the email
that said message from Russia
Papadopoulos wrote in that email the
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs
messaged and said that if Trump is
unable to make it to Russia if a
campaign rep me or someone else can make
it for the meetings I am willing to make
the trip off the record if it's in the
interest of mr. Trump and the campaign
to meet specific people how is that is
that specific enough the Russian
Ministry of Foreign Affairs would like
to meet with mr. Trump great work okay
in one email a high-ranking campaign
official forwarded Papadopoulos an email
to another campaign
official and noted the need to quote
communicate that Trump is not doing
these trips and that they should send
quote someone low level in the campaign
so as not to send any signal in other
words look don't be a knucklehead we're
not gonna send the big guy we'll get
caught we'll send a low-level guy he'll
get the message and we'll do as we're
told but just be cool
oops you wrote it in the emails and by
the way to my earlier point it appears
they have the emails they have internal
Trump campaign emails so tick tick tick
tick tick tick tick tick and remember
this is just the first day this is when
we find out who the first set of players
are who has already pled guilty and what
is maybe yet to come
so as how post explains here the timing
of when poppadom was found out that
Russia had thousands of emails on
Clinton is particularly noteworthy
Papadopoulos found out the hacked emails
existed in April 2016 the leaked emails
hacked from the democratic national
committee staffers accounts word made
public until July of 2016 and the emails
hacked from John Podesta Clinton's
campaign chairman weren't released until
October so there is the Trump team that
knows that the Russians not WikiLeaks
not another member of the press or media
but the Russians and their foreign
ministry had hacked ie stolen emails
from their opponent they look forward to
setting up that meeting they think that
that's great work and the and they know
well before anyone else in the public
does and they look forward to colluding
with the Russians about the stolen
emails and they say but whatever you do
don't send Trump will just get the
low-level guy to get the info and take
it from there
look everybody it is Oppo research and
there's a lot of legal ways to get
opposition research nobodies begrudging
Trump work a Clinton for doing
opposition research against one another
but when you go to a foreign government
and you say can you please share your
stone
when emails with us about our opposition
well that is another matter entirely and
it appears that is the matter before us
so we'll see what kind of information
Papadopoulos has on other officials
well those officials then get charged
with and where that road leads but right
now this is very very bad news for the
Trump administration and that's why
Trump is in mid panic sending out tweets
as we speak about oh my god why are they
looking very Clinton you know why
because she's not president you are at
least for the moment be if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
