Jason Miller was one of the Trump
campaign staffers who made headlines
after it was disclosed that he engaged
in an affair with AJ at Delgado another
Trump campaign staffer now Delgado was
married at the time and his wife was
pregnant at the time and unfortunately
he also through his affair with AJ
Delgado
got her pregnant now they're engaged in
a pretty bitter custody battle and I
really want to emphasize the bitter part
of it because through these uh you know
custody proceedings were you know
learning about some new allegations and
they're pretty explosive so a recent
filing in this ongoing custody battle
indicates that Jason Miller in 2012
secretly spiked a different woman's
drink with an abortion pill after
learning she was pregnant following
their affair so the filing earlier this
month said that in 2012 Miller met a
dancer referred to as Jane Doe at a
strip club in Orlando and began a sexual
relationship with her and she got
pregnant through that sexual
relationship Miller
visited her at her apartment with a
smoothie beverage unbeknownst to Jane
Doe the smoothie contained the abortion
pill the pill induced an abortion and
Jane Doe wound up in a hospital
emergency room bleeding heavily and
nearly went into a coma the unborn child
died Jane Doe herself was hospitalized
for two days the abortion pill possibly
reacting with potential street drugs in
her system at the time that she drank
the smoothie now again these are
allegations that were listed in the
filing in the middle of this custody
battle but if these are proven to be
true prosecutors should go after him
with criminal charges I mean that is not
a joke
no no that's terrible the fetus did not
survive
and the woman was seriously hurt if the
allegations are true on the other hand
if they are not true Steven Miller
should sue for defamation because there
is no clearer if they are made up
entirely there is no clear case of
defamation in my mind so it's a
possible to know so what we do know
Stephen Miller's proclivities when it
comes to getting people pregnant
I always remember Tracy Morgan's routine
about somebody's getting Brandon tonight
no unless as I said Stephen sir it's
Jason Miller sorry about that Stephen
Miller and that's not a guy I normally
apologise to but anyway so in the case
of Jason Miller know several people are
getting pregnant tonight okay so that's
what we know already about his wife and
and his relationships with Delicato but
this is a different story and in this
story he claims vociferously that he did
not do it but allegations are completely
made-up and they don't have a person
that he says I was not at a strip club I
never met anybody like that the story's
made up out of whole cloth
so just because don't get me wrong I
don't have the trumpian standard of he
denied it he did die did strongly so it
must be true no no I don't know I have
no idea so I this one should go to court
either way yeah absolutely
okay so this isn't a filing and I don't
want it to be something that just lives
and dies in a custody battle I want it
to be something that's actually looked
into because if it's true think about it
he slipped a drug that could have killed
someone into a smoothie that is a crime
a serious crime if any other person did
that if an average person did that they
would be prosecuted to the fullest
extent regardless of their background
regardless of whether or not they've
ever engaged in any criminal activity
they would be prosecuted with no
question but with this story
I get the sense so far that it's just
something that was mentioned in the in a
custody battle we'll see if you know
it's gonna hurt his chances at gaining
full custody of the child that they're
fighting over no no it's more than that
it should be more than that by the way
yes Miller denies it but he also said
something fascinating he claimed that
there was a reporter who delgado
attempted to involve in her continuous
attempts to smear me
and that person had already disproven
her allegations and so the reporter
responded to that and said he's talking
about me
so Yashar Ali is the name of the
reporter and he says Jason is referring
to me in this tweet I have not disproven
such claims and to say so is inaccurate
the only way to disprove such a claim is
to definitely prove that Jason was not
in the state of Florida during the time
period but he did go on to say that he
did speak to two women in Florida who
made similar claims to the ones listed
in the filing and that is that is all
that he's at Liberty's say now and he
did not write the story so that is some
indication so if he thought that it
happened he of course would write the
story that doesn't mean he doesn't think
it didn't happen it just means that
maybe he didn't think there was enough
evidence for him to go and write that
story on a very very serious charge so
but the reporters got nothing to do with
this that's not his issue he looked into
his story didn't write one okay and look
guys
sometimes in divorce proceedings and in
custody filings terrible allegations are
made and that is where there is a
slightly higher percentage chance that
it's not necessarily true okay because
that is when people are the most
acrimonious over the most sensitive
issues who's gonna get to have the kids
and who's not going to ever get to see
their kids and so that creates a toxic
situation sometimes where there are some
unsubstantiated allegations that doesn't
mean these are unsubstantiated
but Jason Miller if you think they're
not true you should definitely sue and
and bring it to court if you think they
aren't true you should shut up about it
because I can't believe that you got
away with that when in fact you should
be in prison over it like what you see
click this subscribe button below and
don't forget to ring the bell to never
miss another video from the Young Turks
