the owner of the Houston Texans is under
fire for his commentary or input on the
ongoing NFL anthem protests now this is
obviously a tense issue and some of the
reactions from people who don't support
the protests have been slightly less
than sensitive from time to time up to
and including the president but look at
what Bob McNair said I was at a lengthy
ESPN feature chronic chronicling last
week's meetings in New York which of
course are about this issue some
including direct input from players he
said he was opposed to the protests and
said we can't have the inmates running
the prison ooh and came up with this
stat saying that 96% of America is
opposed to the protests which I would
say one you invented that and two I
don't care if 96% of the country is
opposed to people doing the right thing
that doesn't mean anything at all the
majority of the country has been wrong
about a lot of shit through the history
of our country so people had a problem
with that because he's referring to them
as inmates there and so they put out a
statement this is that statement I
regret that I used that expression I
never meant to offend anyone and I was
not referring to our players
I used a figure of speech that was never
intended to be taken literally yeah we
get that we're still we're still mad I
would never characterize our players our
league that way and I apologize to
anyone who was offended by it what do
you mean he meant like the real inmates
like what else do the NFL owners have
they they clearly run prisons underneath
stadiums I think we need screw Pizza
game guys we got a whole new stadium
cain't going on yeah to me the most
telling part of that 96% is how
everybody is in their own bubble and and
and especially billionaire owners of
teams are so egocentric oftentimes that
that's that of course doesn't apply to
the country there's an enormous
percentage of the country that supports
Kaepernick that rely realizes there is
police brutality unfortunately
specifically moreso aimed at
african-americans but really the poor in
the middle class get it
course way more than the rich - it's
more of a class issue but also some
degree a race issue and there's a wide
variety of it so what does he mean
ninety-six percent in his own bubble
which is the NFL owners it is almost
literally ninety-six percent of them or
opposed to the protests only the owner
of the jaguars is in favor of the
protests so in his world ninety-six
percent are opposed to the protests and
why do these prisoners keep protesting
you know any one of the things that
always drove me crazy and you're gonna
think it's a small thing and I hear your
brother but and is that those shirts
that everybody went around and not now
like for ten years twenty years I've
seen this and it's always bothered me a
little bit property of the Indianapolis
Colts property of the Denver Broncos
right that always like just bothered me
a little bit and that's a very common
shirt I don't think they meant anything
bad by it I'm not trying to nitpick but
but now when you see the mentality the
odors and they think we run this thing
you don't run this thing and you we view
you as the prisoners right and look we
know that he didn't mean it literally I
hope I hope and and they're not
prisoners they make a lot of money the
players do right but at the same time
they the owners are now telling them we
will dock your pay we will suspend you
we will take away your property if you
don't have the same opinions as we do if
you want to express your opinions as an
American citizen we will punish you and
that kind of man it's not a prison but
it's you know but it is putative even
even if it's on the field during the
game like it's not like we produce this
product to this sports entertainment and
we're not gonna do it it's not even that
and it still frustrates not just the
owners but a lot of Americans
I just I don't understand I think the
simplest thing if they want to if they
want to stop the protests you know I
don't think they should I think the
protest should continue is how about
there's no reason whatsoever to play the
national anthem in the first place at a
goddamn sports event just take the thing
out it's really weird and creepy in
North North Korean II I don't understand
why we're doing 100% you know I'm a big
I used to play soccer
- in Europe in other parts of the world
when there is a local game there is no
national anthem played you know when
Manchester plays London in soccer in
England they're not playing the British
national anthem just chance place and
when st. Louis plays Cincinnati why are
you playing the national anthem if
anything that makes sense to suggest
then yeah in sports all around that
doesn't need to be there right like
there can be it's it's the same thing
we're asked as Americans to put our
heads down and not ask questions and -
and to think that dissent is some how
unpatriotic that the First Amendment is
somehow exercising it is somehow
unpatriotic and and the same thing with
sports it's like we'll just shut up and
you know you play ball you play ball you
shut up even though you're the reason I
make so much money you're the reason I'm
here and so to me this is more of a call
to players to be like oh really
maybe we should go on a prison strike if
you think what if you look at it what
what this owner said when if you take it
you know figuratively
he really is saying what is the norm for
all jobs throughout the country I mean
jobs basically aren't a democracy when
you work for someone they really are a
dictator and you really can't you know
if you if you see something going wrong
within your country and you speak up
chances are you're gonna be let go
and this goes whether it's something
that has to a sexual-assault or whatever
and that's why people don't speak up so
this is a big it's a huge moment and
it's it's bigger than football you know
anything it's got such a racial
component I mean I know like uber
racialize most NFL owners are white I
think there's maybe one I know there's
like one owners Pakistani okay there you
go so you know I mean it's super
racialized inmates - - prison guards or
- you know people run prisons and and it
even harkens back to like slavery like a
little bit of you know this like we own
you and and so anyway there's super
overtones of that so even the fact that
he would go
that metaphor just shows you know how he
views his players yeah and so the actual
quote is he got it wrong by they were
saying is that we can't have an inmate
surrounding the president's inmates
running the asylum and it but it but his
main that makes him sound crazy now and
but his main point is look we're in
charge here
and in to some degree yeah of course the
the people who own the company are of
course in charge right but it's not a
productive way of handling employee
relationships where you say hey you guys
are the prisoners or the insane people
that we've put into this asylum that I
run right and I'm gonna run it with a
heavy hand and and whether they have the
right to or not it doesn't seem like a
productive way of doing it and
especially football with the whole you
know the the physical aspect of it and
and then you know it just harkens back
to things that you don't want to harken
back to so this is not remotely helpful
and and and so some will say well he
said in the privacy of the other owners
I'm not sure that makes it better
there's some chance that makes it worse
like right like everyday thought oh
we're all us now we could be honest with
each other I mean what are we letting
these guys have any voice at all we
could pretend later publicly that we
give a damn what they say when we in
reality don't also the idea that run I'm
sorry the word run we can't let them run
no one's running anything it is a
demonstration of solidarity and sort of
minor protests around police brutality
like no one's running anything but shows
you though how scared they are yeah and
it shows you how important protest is
the fact that he's saying this he's
admitting the fear they have yeah you
know those are such great points because
I never thought about it that way
Francesca I mean if a you know Cabernet
came and said hey guys look I really
think think it should be $37.50 yeah and
your profit margins should be twelve
point two five percent you beg hey whoa
dude that's not your job right
hey oh they're not saying we want to run
anything they're just saying oh by the
way I I don't like it when an unarmed
black guys get shot yeah like oh now you
try to run things and you don't want on
are obliged to get shot and and by the
way it like I didn't know that was part
of the NFL's job today to help with
police brutality I mean because if you
say that running things I guess it's
kind of a mindset of like no weren't
charged not just of that NFL but the
country and and so no no no your role
your role is to bow your head but not
your knee and and and never complain
about anything even if it doesn't have
anything to do with the actual game yeah
also I think just having to listen to a
song before you play a game is kind of
corny yeah and just to end on that it's
a great point normally the anthem is
played in international events so when
you're doing World Cup or Olympic so
we'll play if we win the gold for
example it's they'll play their national
anthem which is great which is terrific
right so and by the way one of the
greatest you know sports protests of all
time happened while the anthem was being
played in the Olympics in 1968 yeah and
now we celebrate those guys but not when
it's done in live time oh how dare they
right but in 2009 like is they you said
the national anthem played without the
players on the field I used to be in the
locker room in 2009 they changed it when
the military started paying the NFL for
displays of patriotism then they made
the players come out for the national
anthem
that was not an ancient history that was
in 2009 they changed the rule so this is
actually paid patriotism which is gross
and the opposite of earned true
patriotism if you like The Young Turks
you love Young Turks membership TYT
Network calm slash joy
