billionaire philanthropist and activist
Tom Steyer is back with an ad that he
has produced calling for Donald Trump's
impeachment and he wanted to put it on a
place where he knew that Trump would
would see it and so of course he chose
Fox and Friends let's see what it looks
like he's brought us to the brink of
nuclear war obstructed justice at the
FBI and in direct violation of the
Constitution he's taken money from
foreign governments and threatened to
shut down news organizations that report
the truth if that isn't a case for
impeaching and removing a dangerous
president then what is our government
become I'm Tom Steyer and like you I'm a
citizen who knows it's a gust to do
something it's why I'm funding this
effort to raise our voices together and
demand that elected officials take a
stand on impeachment a Republican
Congress wants impeach the president for
far less yet today people in Congress
and his own administration know that
this president is a clear and present
danger who's mentally unstable and armed
with nuclear weapons and they do nothing
join us and tell your member of Congress
that they have a moral responsibility to
stop doing what's political and start
doing what's right our country depends
on it so if you thought that the
president might not have seen that
because he was doing some important
government type stuff you haven't been
paying attention this year yes he
watched it he immediately tweeted about
it
wacky and totally unhinged Tom Steyer
who has been fighting me and my make
America great again agenda from
beginning never wins elections which is
a direct response to the charges later
it's not so look he is pushing for that
he's I guess able to I'm surprised that
Fox actually ran the ad in the first
place I have recently read just this
week that their ad revenue is down 17%
so it's possible that they they can be
less choosy about the ads but Fox &
Friends is a popular show I think at
least in the White House it pulls very
well and so they decided to run that now
Fox and Friends audience was not happy
they were deluged with torrent a torrent
of tweets and comments on the articles
about it saying that they had been taken
over by commies and Jews and that's why
they were doing this that they were just
in it for the money
and this man audiences really expect
consistency in a message because if
there is anybody who has earned for
better or worse protection from the
charge that they're not sufficiently Pro
Trump isn't it Fox and Friends at this
point they've done nothing but help him
and praise him for a year but they run
this one ad and people are leaving their
show they're not watching anymore yeah I
don't believe them anyway
yeah yeah look that's why they were
probably particularly anger they're like
this is a bubble you're not supposed to
allow opposing viewpoints into this
bubble it really disturbs us but people
who huff and puff and say they're gonna
leave I mean just check the comments
below okay they never leave you'll do
this again but no there's a lot of like
I'm gonna change the channel - what -
reality like good luck with that buddy
a lot of new right-wing channels the
hotel I'm staying at there's there are
so many new ones news max has a 24-hour
channel and what is it one America oh
man yeah I was like maybe they're the
Friends of Fox and Friends you know to
the friends I'm like tor the friends I
think I think cool there's a crossover
with the actual show friends could web
that together
let's have Fox and Friends you know
dating somebody on it but they need the
revenue I mean if they're gonna keep on
paying out like everyone who accuses
their their hosts of sexual assault and
they have to silence them thirty two
million dollars for Bill O'Reilly man
you need the money I get it Fox but I
actually thought that this was a pretty
effective ad I mean he's calm he is
those blue eyes those like steel blue
eyes staring at you as the camera just
slowly pans in I thought it was
effective I just thought that the
messaging could have been a little
different I think you could have just
been like donald seek therapy like we
know you need help we want to help you
step down buddy you can golf so my I
want to get the time Cyrus message too
but first I like trance message steyr
never wins elections good reason for
that never run for okay I assume that he
means the money that he puts at the
elections yeah right of course that's
not true either he's won he's lost based
on who he's funded anyway so I think
that this tire ad is is smart a lot of
different ways they they're gonna rally
everybody to their own side it was smart
to run it on Fox and Friends together
under Trump's again who is that they
know cannot help himself
we'll give you free publicity which is a
tactic John Oliver has used a couple of
times he's run ads
yeah and so really well played I think
was super smart are they gonna get a lot
of people on their side side and you
know and steyr is very wealthiest
billionaire he's a progressive and he's
not looking to take the money that he
uses and create benefits for himself
like tax cuts he is not arguing for that
right and so it's not out of
self-interest except for the fact that
it the main money that he spends is to
try to fight against climate change so I
guess he's got a conflict of interest
because he'd like to stay alive for just
a second yeah like I I agree with
basically what what they said there and
certainly he's he's free if he wants to
pay for an ad you can pay for an ad I
guess it happens all the time
corporations do it so but it does make
me a little bit uncomfortable that we
have this class of people and some of
them are progressives and
pro-environment all that who are so
wealthy that they can unilaterally just
produce these political ads and like I
don't know that anything he said there
was inaccurate so maybe this is a good
example for me to criticize and I'm glad
that Fox ran it but it is still just
more advertising coming from the direct
point of view of a billionaire like I
agree with this one but that they can
just like they could buy out all the ads
I think the country is billionaire
versus billionaire yeah there's this
billion we just have to hope that the
right billionaire well it's a shitty
position to be in because of that
subtitle of my commercial we we know
he's an American citizen was my favorite
part relax all right well look this be
balanced here and I'll join the fray of
you know slight criticisms here one is
American citizen look really goofy
totally like come on dude we I mean you
could have wrote written Homo Sapien
alright thank you maybe we know we know
we know it's like a way of saying not
billionaire not running for office okay
but let's keep it real one day Tom
Steyer might run for office okay and he
is a bill
I don't have any problem with
billionaires doing the right thing I
love it that's wonderful he should give
money to Wolf Pack you can't get money
to Justice Democrats because they don't
take big donations like that but he but
we'll pack those go ahead look he's
gonna run for office and a lot of people
sign that petition that's probably a
good move to I get it so look overall
there's not that many people doing the
right thing he's doing the right thing
yeah I'll take it and run my grass
yeah and and it's okay to put his
message out and if he wants to spend all
whatever he has one point whatever
billion on doing great things including
in the media including buying ads I
think that's actually lovely I just want
to prevent even good-guy billionaires
like took a John's point of being able
to buy elections right you know and so
and that's different here he's not right
now there is no election yeah he's not
trying to it is actual issue advocacy as
opposed to hey vote for X and don't vote
for Y which i think is is definitely
different and he should my only last
tiny criticism is speak up a little bit
I'm glad I'm glad he brought up the you
know the criticism of Trump's you know
irresponsibility in dealing with North
Korea and the you know the threat of
nuclear war it's like because to me it
seems like there's there's almost no
anti-war movement going on yeah you know
people talk about all different issues
but when it comes to war it's look
almost nothing going on and just
painting kim jong as well he's the evil
he's the evil crazy one it's like we're
the only country to ever use nukes on
anybody you know yeah we did it twice
you know and now they're already talking
about tactical nukes you know these
little nooks the more usable ones yeah
just you know they won't cause much
damage it yeah terrifying you know wait
and so I'm glad he threw that in there
cuz it seems like that's not even in a
conversation these days hopefully if you
scare people enough about the threat of
nuclear war in this one particular
instance you can then build on that that
we shouldn't just get out of this
situation we should get out of the like
decades-long situation yeah
multiple people have access to enough
weaponry to destroy the entire world
let's not have that situation even if
Donald Trump's out there even if it's
Barack Obama or someone who seems saying
even maybe they shouldn't have the
capacity to kill every human that has
exists
well last thing is to double down on
what Judah and John are saying but what
I'm most concerned about when it comes
to Trump is his mental stability in
regards to North Korea particularly and
so you know impeachments that's fine and
it's a good strategy that that they're
pursuing I think the 25th amendment
actually it should be incredibly rare
but this might be a rare instance where
we should consider using it and we would
have a petition on that or a poll on
that tea white tea network.com slash
25th because that he might not be stable
enough to be President of the United
States and I think he's a literal danger
to the world and I'm not the only one
saying that now now you have Republican
senators like bob corker and jeff Flake
and john mccain and former presidents
like Obama but also George W Bush yeah
coming out of making speeches about how
watch out he's not stable and this is
coming from george w bush yeah so i just
think he knows that yeah anyway just for
context to what one final point in terms
of whether the public might actually
take to this message from Sarah there
Public Policy Polling and this month
actually found that 48% of the public
support and beating Trump while 43%
opposed the group notes that this is the
fifth month in a row we find voters in
support of impeachment if you like The
Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com sighs
join
