let's get to our first guest I've got
our second guest is he's been a on the
show before he's running for Congress in
New Jersey I but I was told third or
fourth district we're gonna ask him
right now which is it you say fourth
milk and I said fourth I have my money's
on force okay so let's go to him let's
go to Jim Katie right now Jim are you
there I am here Jim which is it the
third or fourth district it is the
fighting fourth district here at the
Jersey Shore Thank You Malcolm Malcolm
was correct all right and our other
producer was wrong and is now fired okay
Jim thank you so much for taking time
and you know last time we talked to you
is about how much time you have to spend
on the phone every day to raise money
just it could become a viable candidate
running for Congress you're a
progressive you're not taking corporate
money you're a man of the people
you're a real fighter you stood up to
chris Christie who was not dispersing
the funds the federal government gave
him to help the victims of the sandy
hurricane you actually were helping
people on the ground but you you took
time off from your job the city gave you
a city truck you were actually rue where
the rubber meets the road you were
helping people doing it and you did it
for over a month and then you stood up
to Chris Christie and he grant standing
in front of you so we always talked
about that so we want to thank you again
for exposing Chris Christie for the
hypocritic is but we're have you on
today cuz we want you to talk about what
you saw in Puerto Rico right so no you
decided what made you want to go to
Puerto Rico and what did you find
sure I was a very roundabout way I was
at a campaign event for one of the
candidates here that's running in our
state elections that are up in two weeks
and I was talking to this guy Elliott
who's run for the state assembly he said
I hadn't done Puerto Rico and he's you
know he's his family on a Puerto Rico
who spent a lot of time there down there
as a child and I said all right now what
are we leaving and I got home that night
I booked a plane ticket and I went with
him and my campaign manager you came
with us and there were three other guys
that he had already organized and we
went down from October 13th to the 15th
it was a short trip we tried to pack a
lot into it we split off into two teams
and we were just trying to deliver aid
to people that really needed it and I
wanted to use the time to document
realities that were going on in the
ground because I knew that we weren't
getting the full story certainly not
getting the full story from our federal
government and I wasn't sure if we were
really getting the full story from our
mainstream media and my gut feelings
were correct you know when I got down
there on the ground you know within 48
hours was able to get from one end of
the island to the other was in San Juan
was in some of the suburbs right around
San Juan pushed it all the way across
the island to the west coast went up
into the hills there they came back
through the interior of the island and
in almost every place that we stopped
the people were saying that we were the
first people that they were seeing that
came to speak to them I would ask them
has anyone from FEMA been out here has
anyone from the federal government come
is anyone from the local government come
and the answer usually was no now we've
got a total failure government I saw
this here in New Jersey with hurricane
sandy especially in the rebuild I'm
really concerned about what's gonna
happen in Puerto Rico once they get the
initial cleanup done which they have a
monumental task in front of them you
still have 75 to 80% of the island is
about electricity
you know the stories is coming out
yesterday that people are drinking water
from contaminated wells that you've
already started to have people dying
from illnesses that came about from dead
animals being in the water supply
because it would happen during the storm
you know you've got a real humanitarian
crisis that's unfolding down there and
what struck me was there is such a void
of leadership to help deliver the aid
and begin the rebuilding process for the
people of Puerto Rico you know I went in
that the day that I left I went into the
FEMA headquarters at the convention
center and it's you know you wouldn't
think anything happened when you go into
that Convention Center air-conditioned
you know the cafeteria is fully stocked
there are people there dozens and dozens
of people just buzzing around and my
feeling was like what are these people
doing
there's Armageddon in the streets you
know I went through one neighborhood
about 20 minutes outside of San Juan and
it was just devastated I met this one
guy Jose hey you know what Jim let me go
ahead let me go ahead and play that
video
you talking with Jose so here's some of
the documented tragedy that you got on
video so let's watch it so I'm here with
Jose his house that was absolutely
devastated by the storm you can see up
above me the water went all the way up
to the ceiling and above into the second
floor all of his possessions were
destroyed though this was assessments
done and he's just left here sleeping on
the floor and you can see what the floor
looks like here no ammonia agua no
electricity so no bathroom the water no
electricity it's a month for three weeks
he's had no electricity no running water
no bathroom I
at the end they they female there will
be almost big rolls
he's also just said that in the three
weeks since the storm he hasn't seen
anyone from FEMA no one from the
government has come to talk to him
fishing at the NATO you never they they
come either oh my god Paquito that's it
but it's one of the Alpha yeah so he's
gotten some food some water but it
hasn't been consistent and this is his
reality and this is why again we need to
really pull resources together in the
mainland United States to help our
fellow citizens out like Jose Jojo
Pietro John what was dead is this a
battle toll ahem Vic is they'll be the
end though and it's a heavy and go to
the Puerto Rico work it was dead
I stopped any better come come on Jim
see that's it so I said that I want to
fight for Jose and everyone in this area
because he's an American just like I am
and our fellow Americans here in Puerto
Rico
need help and we need our Congress to
act to provide more resources we need to
get more members of Congress down here
to see this on the ground in the streets
and to meet people like Jose and to hear
the stories and I firmly believe I know
we have good people who are serving us
in the United States government that
when they see this reality when they
hear the stories that we will bring the
resources together to help our fellow
Americans here in Puerto Rico
that's this about buckle ning√∫n he
jokes in a row are you selling me voz I
said when I was dead father's dead
okay so so Jim why do you what do you
think that what's not happening what's
wrong with FEMA I mean isn't the the
Army's down there there cook what's
going on yeah I think couple things one
you know and you see that video that
that I that my style engaging these
kinds of industries is to get in the
streets to talk to everyday people to
understand the reality
and how'd that inform the actions that I
take now as a congressional candidate
and hopefully as a member of Congress
when we get to 2019 and the unfortunate
reality is that the majority of members
of Congress who went down there whether
in the house of the Senate they did
helicopter flybys and just got you know
not a 30,000 foot view but a few
thousand foot view of what was happening
on the island I don't think you get a
real sense of what's happening and what
people are struggling with looking at it
from a helicopter so we need to get our
elected officials into the streets into
the villages up into the hills so that
they can listen to people and hear what
their concerns are and what their needs
are and then to work in concert with
local officials I know that there are
significant amounts of corruption in
Puerto Rico historically that the local
government doesn't always deliver but we
need to put all that aside we need to
find good people whether they're elected
officials or their local NGOs that we
can start to deliver direct aid to and
help to rebuild will first deal it like
a triage situation just help people get
stabilized help them get their homes
cleaned out you know that like Jose's
home that you saw there all that stuff
that's on the walls and the ceilings if
the home is salvageable that all has to
be sanitized you know when we were doing
cleanups here with hurricane sandy
there's a particular mix that has to be
put together and you know so much water
so much bleach I forget what the third
ingredient was yeah and you had to go in
and disinfect the entire home and that
has to be done with thousand tens of
thousands hundreds of thousands of homes
throughout Puerto Rico
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
