exciting news for CBS they have named a
new CBS Evening News anchor oh wait what
happened I thought you guys were gonna
go nuts
does anyone care all right well that's
the point of this story first of all as
anyone know who the new anchor is the
anchor of CBS TV news this used to be
legendary Walter Cronkite had this
position dan Rather had this position
this was the moment the most important
position in news arguably back in the
day of course no one knows okay let's
just keep it real all right that's fine
I'll give you yes II there it is yeah
I'll gonna give you a help Darius so now
you got it right you still don't have it
you don't know who that guy is
you're right no one on planet earth
knows who that guy is including his mom
that is apparently Jeff Glor huh you
know now no you still don't know this is
not a single person in the audience who
raised their hands when I asked who that
guy is do you know him or not okay
and now okay I'm sorry that I'm amused
by this story anyway he's obviously
replacing the old CBS evening news
anchor who was there for six years now
this guy you know right I mean he's also
on 60 minutes and and just all over CBS
anybody want to try a stab at his name
anybody anybody yeah now look some of
you do know it some of you do know this
is Scott Pelley okay and you know I
certainly know who Scott is and and I
know some folks do but probably not a
lot I know that because I go give
speeches on colleges and up to other
young folks whenever I ask can anyone
name the CBS Evening News anchor the ABC
News NBC News no one has ever named the
CBS or ABC News anchors a couple people
guess Brian Williams fresh VC okay which
is not true that's the old one and and
yes in a graduate level class at USC a
couple people knew Lester Holt anyway
but oh I forgot to tell you there was a
transitional anchor between Scott Pelley
and Jeff
glory but what am I thinking I why I
didn't have to tell you you guys know
who it was right you've been watching
you in the last six months he's been on
the CBS TV news for six months you don't
know him either
okay arias it's actually Anthony Mason
looks a little different since he
retired from the Knicks that's that
right great all right yeah that's the
rest of the rest in peace not this
Anthony way to the other Anthony Mason
okay this guy's careers that no I'm
kidding I'm kidding his career is fine
he's still gonna continue at CBS okay so
now look the fact that you don't know is
both good like it's clearly not great
news for CBS or any of the evening news
stations or television overall and
certainly broadcast news but it could be
potentially a good thing like maybe they
picked the guy out of nowhere because
he's really great and who cares that we
haven't heard him that's better than
picking some stupid star like oh my god
they star named recognition we are being
back you know we're putting in here Ryan
Seacrest is and you know rise a
hard-working dude but hey so look maybe
that it's a no names a good thing right
so we actually looked into it a little
bit looked at an Associated Press story
that had some quotes from CBS executives
etcetera to see why they selected him
and it should be fair I think he's won't
have me but I know guys who've won
half-a-dozen I know one guy I mean
there's one over a dozen Emmys in local
news so I don't think that's really was
the decisive factor here so let me give
you a quote from The Associated Press
they said ABC's World News Tonight has
ascended the top of the ratings after
the telegenic David Muir replaced Diane
Sawyer
oh so ABC's number one so and they have
David Muir who's a good-looking young
guy so of course what do television
executives think oh I got it I got we
got a young guy who is also telegenic
that's the answer that's the answer I'm
sure that it'll turn things around right
away and then they explained with the
forty two-year-old Gloor taking over
sometime before the end of the year CBS
will have a youthful anchor to match
ABC's Muir who is 43 oh okay another
good relevant factor here okay telegenic
and young he's really close to David
Muir I got news
guys I know David Muir is at the top now
and then does he does 2 million more
viewers than the CBS thing and in their
world that's super important no one
under the age of 35 has ever heard of
David Muir okay so now that's okay bless
his heart but it's just like this is
gone
these folks still think it's relevant
like they're all like oh my oh wow
gloor got the job huh it's he gonna be
able to compete with New York this is a
real nail-biter
nobody's biting their nails no one okay
there's a little bit I'm gonna is I'm
gonna show you the numbers here there's
a twist to that which is really
interesting so we're gonna get there in
one second I just want to quote CBS News
president David rose as well have him
explain he says it doesn't hurt to
broadcast prospects that Jeff is of his
generation and I think Jeff naturally
communicates a digital future for the
broadcast if you say so okay here we are
in digital world has anyone ever heard
of Jeff Glor now look and by the way I
just want to be super clear just
probably a good guy I don't know him at
all
and I'm and I'm obviously being a little
bit of a jerk here let's just keep it
keep it real okay keep it 100 and and so
and by the way you might also be a bad
guy I've never met no but likely he's a
good guy cares about the news super
happy to get this job bless his heart
and and he did work on the digital side
of CBS apparently but my point in doing
this kind of jerky segment is like the
world is completely and utterly changed
and they're doing almost nothing to
catch up this is rearranging the chairs
on the deck of the Titanic like oh let's
get a young chair all that chair look so
shiny okay I hear the kids are into that
chair I mean he says he's in the digital
age group yeah but did he like and I
don't mean this I don't care I wouldn't
want to take the CBS Evening News job if
you paid me and they would and I would
still say no a billion times over it is
a super uninteresting job of reading
from a prompter this someone else wrote
again my bad I'm being a jerk but that
look
the news their readers not an
interesting job but if you want it so
that's all a preload to if you really
want to someone from the digital
generation why don't you pick someone
who grew up on the Internet I know it's
laughable they would never do that here
look I'll pick someone who is also on
the internet and and from time to time
we compete for awards and stuff like
that Phil DeFranco now that would have
been a bold choice I would have been
like whoa that is digital generation
they're not playing they're gonna go in
a completely different direction no this
is just riding out the rest of this you
know journey you know where the journey
ends off a cliff and they're just like
alright let's just ride it see how it
goes okay this so that's just the
reality of it
I mean look again Geoff's probably a
good guy but no one on the internet has
ever heard of them okay so last thing is
this is the twist CBS Evening News you
know how many people watch that might
get around and I say nobody that's
actually not true six million viewers a
night Wow you know how many people watch
CNN primetime audience not overall
primetime audience 1.5 9 million
actually Jeff Glor will more than triple
the anderson cooper's of the world and
you know similar numbers for Fox News
and MSNBC so actually three times where
people will watch him then Rachel Maddow
Sean Hannity all those folks so it's
just it's really interesting the way the
media business works
now the reality is that that that's 6
million is enormous ly old they're in
their 60s now bordering 70s okay no
offense I love you guys but that's just
the reality okay but you know what cable
news audience is also ancient CNN's
average age on television is 61 MSNBC 64
Fox News is 68 it's amazing what people
pay attention to because the cable news
guys are in every other news station
they're in the pizza shops they're in
you know some of the bars that you go to
god help us very congressional offices
so
everybody's talking about oh my god
Anderson Cooper said there were sir h 'l
said that Sean said this in reality not
that many people watch them either so
whether it's this show other shows on
the internet we get way more than either
one of those guys but since it's not in
the Washington and New York circles and
it's not on the loop 24/7 you know they
by the way and again to be super fair
though folks in power will turn around
and go a for exactly example I used Phil
DeFranco and I'm trying to give him
credit here and I think that he's got a
huge audience he would do like if you
actually wanted to peel the young people
that would be an interesting way to go
right so they would go Franco
everybody knows Jeff Glor nobody knows
the Franco he kind of depends on who
you're asking right so if you want an
older audience you go with the guys like
Gloor you're not gonna get a 42 year old
oh nice you're not are you write it down
in stone no one on the age of 45 is
gonna watch CBS Evening News or ABC or
NBC they're never going to turn around
they're gonna stay in the same exact way
until one day way they wake up and it
isn't six million it's six people right
but the different circles that news
travels in is fascinating and and so the
overall takeaway funny enough is not
about Jeff Glor or CBS even though I had
fun with that part of the story it's
actually that we give Cable News way too
much attention they don't deserve it
they're all audience is actually smaller
than the guys you've never ever heard of
and they're the same age they're not any
younger at all
so the relevance of cable news is
greatly magnified of simply because of
where it airs so keep it real on who has
the audience what those demographics are
and who the future is in the future
unfortunately for them ain't on TV watch
the young turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it
any way you like at TYT Network com
slash join
