dr. Christine Blasi Ford the professor
who accused Supreme Court nominee Brent
Cavanaugh of attempted rape when he was
17 has agreed to testify in front of the
Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday
of this week she and her attorneys
backed down from demands that the FBI
investigate her allegations as a first
step in addressing her claims but now
Senate Democrats including ranking
Judiciary Committee member Dianne
Feinstein are calling for the
postponement of the hearing following
additional sexual assault allegations
against Kavanagh by another woman who
went to Yale with the Supreme Court pick
Feinstein is calling on the FBI to look
into claims made not only by dr. Blasi
they're also allegations by Debra
Ramirez whose accusations are outlined
by Ronan Farrow in a recent piece for
The New Yorker
Ramirez alleges that Kavanagh had
exposed himself at a drunken dormitory
party thrust his penis in her face and
caused her to touch it without her
consent as she pushed him away
according to Pharaoh's reporting Senate
Republicans knew about these allegations
last week and their reaction was to rush
dr. blah sees hearing and Cavanaugh's
confirmation as quickly as possible
much of the debate around dr. blah sees
attempted rape allegations is centered
on whether she's telling the truth
the Republican narrative has premature
prematurely determined that this whole
debacle is a politically driven attempt
to derail a conservative judges
confirmation so if their minds are
already made up why would dr. Blasi
agree to testify in front of the Senate
Judiciary Committee if she knows she's
about to get hounded by right-wing
senators who have a giant political
incentive to slander her as a liar and
look I'm not just assuming that
Republicans have made up their minds
Senator Lindsey Graham made it clear
that nothing dr. Blasi says will tarnish
his support for Kavanagh I'm being
honest with you and everybody else what
do you expect me to do you can't bring
it in a criminal court you would never
sue civilly you couldn't even get a
warrant what am I supposed to do go
ahead and ruin this guy's life based on
an accusation I don't know when it
happened
I don't know where it happened and
everybody named in regard to being there
said it didn't happen I'm just being
honest unless there's something more no
I'm not gonna ruin judge Cavanaugh's
life over this as we all know dr. Blasi
isn't calling for a criminal
investigation by the FBI but rather an
investigation to see if there is
corroborating information to back up her
claims but as we also know this is
something that Senate Republicans like
Lindsey Graham don't want and what about
the president well truck managed to
display surprising self control for
several days after the attempted rape
allegations dominated headlines but last
Friday he just couldn't help himself and
tweeted quote I have no doubt that if
the attack on dr. Ford was as bad as she
says charges would have been immediately
filed with local law enforcement
authorities by either her or her loving
parents I asked that she bring those
filings forward so that we can learn
date time and place so far some members
of trumps base are happily buying into
that framing as a woman I think it's
horrible that she would bring this up 35
36 years later if she was really
assaulted she should have reported at
the time by waiting this length of time
she makes all women look bad what do you
think about the statistics that say only
23% of 23% of sexual assaults are
reported at the time like why do you
think that is I've seen enough episodes
of Law & Order SVU that that's probably
correct not really the proposed FBI
involvement would mean a more thorough
background check that could possibly get
to the heart of the truth and that's all
people like me really want otherwise the
hearing on this matter would just boil
down to doctor blah C's word against
Cavanaugh's so could it be that
Republicans are refusing the
investigation in order to rely on the
her word against his narrative to get
Kavanagh confirmed t YT reporter emmav
Egeland went to a trump rally in
Springfield Missouri and it seems as
though that talking point was a hit
among the president's base
it's just his word against hers and she
I'm sure she's making it up I hate to
say that but I think she
most men most men are American passion
towards women on something like that and
women aren't what but what if the
allegations are proven to be true does
that change anything in the minds of
Trump's conservative base so you think
that they're making it up or she's
making it up it doesn't matter even if
she isn't statute of limitations was
over years ago yeah so it doesn't matter
that her therapist notes corroborate
kind of her accusations from 2012 you
heard that right even if dr. Blasi is
telling the truth the Trump supporter
you just heard from is comfortable with
Kavanagh serving as a judge in the
highest court in America after
committing a serious crime truck voters
don't actually care about victims of
sexual assault especially when their
political agenda is on the line while I
think it is unfair to use that one quote
to generalize what all Trump supporters
think I do think it's fair to examine
how they've responded to various times
Trump or his allies have been accused of
sexual misconduct Trump's candidacy and
presidency have been riddled with this
issue as we all know the examples
predate election day when the notorious
Access Hollywood pussy grabbing tape
became public did I'm automatically a
drag hood the beautiful I just started
kissing them by the pussy
so after Trump supporters learned of
that tape most stood by his side and
defended him 538 reported that a morning
consult Politico poll conducted the day
after the video's release found that 74%
believed party officials should continue
to support their nominee that number
includes Republican women 73% of them
said the party should still back Trump
shortly after the access hollywood tape
several women came forward accusing
Trump of sexual assault he responded to
the allegations by saying they're Fame
hungry liars who just aren't attractive
enough to be victims of his unwanted
advances and he came to me and started
kissing me open mouth as he was calling
me towards him I pushed his chest to put
space between us and I said come on man
get real he repeated my words back to me
get real as he began thrusting his
genitals Trump branded servos and the
five other women who this week have
accused him of assaulting them spotlight
hungry liars some are doing it for
probably a little Fame they get some
free Fame it's a total setup he
attempted to discredit a woman who told
the New York Times this week Trump tried
to grope her on a plane in the 1980s she
would not be my first choice that I can
tell Trump managed to emerge from that
controversy unscathed when the president
backed former district attorney and
accused child molester Roy Moore in
Alabama's Senate race his base still
stood by his side and made sure to trash
the women who alleged the sexual
misconduct 40 years ago in Alabama
there's a lot of momma's and daddies
that be thrilled that their 14-year old
was getting hit on by a district
attorney
I dated an older man at 16 so we don't
really know is he 31 I'm not gonna say
that the 14 year old that's I don't
believe it to be honest the one that
said she was 40 I don't believe her but
for all of us as a woman I think we've
pretty much all been in the situation
where there's been a sexual harassment
you heard her
they've all experienced it so that must
be okay and if that's not enough
evidence proving that Trump and his base
don't care about the safety of women I
have another example
remember White House aide Rob Porter he
had to resign after to two of his
ex-wives disclosed that he was
physically abusive a photo of his
ex-wife Colby Holderness with a black
eye even went viral Trump's reaction was
one of sympathy for Porter rather than
the victim of domestic violence thank
you know we wish him well he worked very
hard I found out about it recently and I
was surprised by it but we certainly
wish him well it's a obviously tough
time for him he did a very good job when
he was in the White House and we hope he
has a wonderful career and hopefully he
will have a great career ahead of him
that's right politics over the safety
and well-being of women is a common
theme among the right-wing in the Trump
era but would they react the same way if
the shoe were on the other foot Trump
certainly didn't give Democrats who were
accused of abuse the benefit of the
doubt President Trump has repeatedly
declined to answer questions about
Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore but
on Twitter he was full of outrage over
allegations of sexual harassment by
Democratic Senator Al Franken the al
Frankenstein picture is really bad the
president wrote Democrats condemned
Franken and he was eventually forced to
resign but the same can't be said of
Republicans because if the accused
identify as members of the right
conservatives will back them regardless
of what the allegations are even if
there are minors involved circling back
to dr. Blasi remember that she and
Democrats are accused of playing dirty
political tricks to derail Cavanaugh's
chances of landing a lifetime
appointment as a Supreme Court justice
but if we just take a moment to reflect
on recent history and the actions of the
Trump White House these dirty games seem
to be played by one side and it's not
the Democrat
oh did you like that video well that's
great because you never have to miss
another episode of no filter all you
have to do is just hit the subscribe
button below and ring the bell to get
notified whenever we publish a new video
