all right well the young church Jehu
Granicus parent with you guys on a day
of unbelievable allegations so
unfortunately we do believe them so and
but but look let's have a conversation
about all of them so obviously the
Kavanagh one or in this case two is the
most relevant and important and we will
discuss that in a minute and it is it's
absolutely enormous in terms of the
ramifications but later on more
allegations against more political
figures I don't know if I believe them
all that they're amazing unbelievable
scandalous allegations and and they're
devastating and and family members
turning on one another in a couple
there's a lot of that on the show today
I mean so red weddings abound I did a
YouTube live over the weekend on the
poll numbers for the Republicans oh wow
that is devastating and partly relates
to the first story that we're going to
do and the list goes on and on so it's a
hell of a show today guys thank you for
tuning in obviously if you miss any part
of it for any reason if you become a
member you can get it any time you want
t y-t-dot-com slash joined all right
Anna let's do it all right over the
weekend The New Yorker with reporting
from Ronan Farrow broke a story
indicating that a second woman has come
forward with allegations against Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh so these
allegations are by a woman named Deborah
Ramirez and she went to Yale with Brett
Kavanaugh and she admits that you know
the alleged assault took place a long
time ago and so there are parts that she
doesn't clearly remember however what
she did relay to the reporters in this
case she says she does remember and
we'll see if these claims get
investigated but let me give you the
details so Debra Ramirez
remembers that Cavanaugh had exposed
himself at a drunken dormitory party
thrust his penis in her face and caused
her to touch it without her consent as
she pushed him away she was quoted in
the story as saying I wasn't going to
touch a penis until I was married I was
embarrassed and ashamed and humiliated
Brett was laughing I can still see his
face and his lips coming forward or his
hips I apologized and his hips coming
forward like when you pull up your pants
and so she says that she never came
forward or told anyone about this
because she was embarrassed
she was also drinking so she was
concerned that people would go after her
rather than look into these allegations
and it seems as though those who support
Cavanaugh today are using that against
her and we'll get to the reactions later
the claim dates to the 1983 1984
academic school year when Kavanagh was a
freshman at Yale University the offices
of at least four Democratic senators
have received information about the
allegation and at least two have begun
investigating it so the New Yorker notes
that the Senate had known about this at
least the Judiciary Committee had known
about this last week and the reaction
from Republicans was to rush the
confirmation and that explains why all
of a sudden there was this ultimatum
indicating that there was a very strict
deadline for dr. Blasi to agree to
testify they later you know change that
ultimatum and now it's being reported
that dr. Blasi is likely to testify on
Thursday of this week however with these
new allegations Senator Dianne Feinstein
is calling for a postponement for that
that hearing in order to do further
investigation and they're also calling
for the FBI to get involved so if the
hearings do have it on Thursday we will
cover it live and give you commentary on
the spot as we're showing it to you guys
on t y-t-dot-com slash live and and now
let's get the heart of the ram√≠rez
allegations here
if true and can be shown well enough for
people to understand that it is true
obviously would be the end of Cavanaugh
and now there's some progressive groups
that are actually calling for him to be
impeached from his current position in
on the federal bench now she clearly
says that she had trouble recollecting
some of this and that she was very
intoxicated that night so that to me
cuts in two different directions one is
that well okay then you have to be a
little wary about what she's saying
because she's not entirely positive on
the other hand which person who's
looking to set him up politically would
admit that if you were trying to do a
hatchet job you would never say that you
would say I'm positive and and come
forward yourself etc so now the second
part of the question of whether you
believe her or not and look these are
the things that we all look to as we
read these stories and what you know for
example look even before I get to that
let me just say if the story isn't true
that and and Cavanaugh got blocked on
that basis that would be really really
troubling it would be devastating and it
would be devastating because there was
an injustice done to one person it'd
also be devastating to the cause of
protecting women because then it would
give people carte blanche to say oh we
knew all of it wasn't true et cetera so
that's why it's really important for us
to the best of our abilities to discern
is it true is it not true is it relevant
etc right so then that gets to the
witnesses so Ronan Farrow and Jane Mayer
broke the story there in immaculately
careful it would these stories that
doesn't mean they get everyone right so
but they did take a lot of care and have
defended themselves about this
particular story to try to reach out to
all the different witnesses now again
this is what the FBI should be doing so
we could all have a better sense of it
whether he did do it or didn't do it so
we can make clear decisions but now
reporters are chasing it down New York
Times in all of a sudden
the Trump administration's best friend
and I don't say that derisively towards
the New York Times I say towards the
Trump administration those are the New
York Times is just simply trying to
report out a story say that they talk to
about a dozen people who did not
recollect this at all and so now the
Trump administration doesn't think
they're the failing New York Times they
think that they're the brilliant New
York Times and are spreading that to
everyone who will consider it Pharaoh
and Mayor the New Yorkers said yes we
also talked to dozens of witnesses and a
lot of them did not remember this story
including a really good friend of
Deborah Ramirez on the other hand
several people did remember this story
that's right and by the way there was
one individual quoted in The New Yorker
someone who identified as a close friend
former close friend of Ramirez's and
said you know we were close for 10 years
and she never brought this up first let
me just be clear about something
just because someone didn't bring up a
sexual assault doesn't mean it didn't
happen it could be something that this
individual was very embarrassed about
just didn't feel comfortable opening up
about so let's just take that into
consideration but another thing to take
into consideration is that that friend
who was close with her for ten years is
now married to a man who was allegedly
present when this alleged sexual assault
took place so there's a possibility that
that person wants to protect her husband
again this is all analysis that's being
done by me by other people in the media
and the fact of the matter is it's all
irrelevant what matters is having a
nonpartisan FBI investigation into this
to get to the heart of the truth but
that is something that Republicans do
not want to do in fact when they heard
these allegations they wanted to rush
the confirmation of Cavanaugh and they
do not want the FBI investigation I'm
inclined to believe the accusations
right and I'm starting to think that
Republicans in the Senate are inclined
to believe the accusations because they
refuse any investigation into these
allegations on this allegation to me
there are a couple of things that go in
different directions and so everybody
gets to make up their own mind and
obviously a lot of people come into it
with their own biases and I hope that
some don't
and I hope that I'm one of the people
who don't come at it with a bias because
I always think what if it was a Democrat
or a liberal appointee and this was
happening okay so that leads me to one
person who does remember this incident
it is an unnamed person but mayor and
and the Trump propaganda on the fake
news media is ridiculous mayor and
Pharaoh aren't going to make up someone
and call them an anonymous source the
reason Trump believes that that could
happen is because he used to do it he
would pretend to be someone else John
Miller John Baron and be an anonymous
source for people so he thinks why
everybody's probably a serial
pathological liar like myself so my
jury's in on Trump that's not the issue
here
so on this a classmate actually did talk
to mayor and Pharaoh and this is what he
had to say here is the New Yorker a
quote a classmate of ramirez's said that
another student told him about the
incident either on the night of the
party or in the next day or two
the classmate said that he is quote 100
percent sure that he was told at the
time that Cavanaugh was a student who
expose himself to Ramirez well Matt's
number one pretty clear again it's just
one witness but Farrow and Mayor say
that he independently recalled many of
the same details offered by Ramirez they
did not coordinate so these reporters
are great reporters they said okay what
what do you remember being the details
and that person had the same details
that Ramirez had in her story and and
that person apparently added quote I've
known this all along it's been on my
mind all these years when his name came
up it was a big deal so the only thing
that where I go on the other hand is
that she says she had trouble
remembering that's tough that's a tough
thing to say hey there's a super serious
accusation against someone at a pivotal
time and you're telling me you had to
take six days to remember it exactly
right I get where a lot of people go
know
out that's not good enough right but it
is independently confirmed by this other
person and she's and she is apparently a
reputation for it by even the people who
say I don't remember that story say oh
no no Deborah Ramirez is super honest
like like known for being over-the-top
honest and that's and she shows it by
saying I was drunk and I had trouble
remembering no political hack would ever
say that if their job was to go get
Kavanagh so she's not a political hack
that I'm certain of in that sense she
might be a Democrat but this is not a
hatchet job that she invented is she
remembering right I think that's a
legitimate question and then you have
this evidence to help you make up your
mind on that for me what also happens to
be pretty telling is her willingness to
come forward with these allegations in a
pretty honest way meaning that she is
admitting to you know things that maybe
she doesn't remember admitting to the
fact that she was drunk at the time but
more importantly the fact that she's
willing to come forward knowing the way
that doctor Blasi has been treated the
fact that she's had to move out of her
home she's had to relocate her family
and she's has to hire private security
because the threats against her have
been terrifying and she's also seen the
way that doctor Blasi has been dragged
through the mud by Republicans and the
fact that she's willing to put herself
out there with these allegations
it doesn't necessarily prove anything
but it's something to consider and again
the most important thing to do is to
conduct an investigation and that again
is something that Republicans do not
want to do and understand the politics
of this - which is that yes the
Republicans don't want to do the
investigation because they're afraid
he's going to get past the midterm
elections they then went lose the Senate
and then it might not get Kavanaugh
confirmed the Democrats for the same
reason do want the investigation partly
to find out the truth but partly to
delay the proceedings that is a real
political concern of the Democrats so
I'll take that into account as well for
for me I think man if it isn't true and
you buried this guy and you didn't do an
FBI investigation or you put him on the
court and it wasn't true and we never
find out that still is terrible for him
because forever a huge percentage of
this country is gonna think that he did
it and if it isn't true
I would want if it was me I'd like by
God get in there
talk to here's my witness one witness to
look and nobody's recollection is
perfect from 36 years ago etc but he I
got to get this off my name right
absolutely I know that if I were dealing
with false accusations I would 100% want
someone to investigate it to ensure that
my name gets cleared and it's just
strange that he doesn't want that
you know Kavanaugh for his part has
responded by saying I won't be
intimidated
I won't withdraw as a nominee for the
Supreme Court and so he continues to
deny the allegations he wants to keep
moving forward with the hearings and and
get confirmed but let's say best-case
scenario for him he does get confirmed
without any investigation is he
comfortable knowing that there's a huge
portion of the country that either
doesn't know what the truth is they're
kind of you know on the fence or are
convinced that he is someone who's
committed sexual assault this is a
serious thing by the way attempted rape
is a serious crime and we're not calling
for a criminal investigation but I don't
think that anyone who has committed any
type of serious crime
should ever make it into our justice
system but more importantly in this the
highest court in the country yeah and
one more some degree of strike against
them you wait again at whatever you
think is appropriate he said that these
charges by Ramirez were quote smears
pure and simple so he's now super
aggressively fighting back now if you
thought they were smears I would fight
back super aggressively and you probably
would too
but as I read Ramirez a story I thought
no this definitely happened to her I'm
not a hundred percent sure that it was
Brent Kavanagh but she didn't make up
the whole story and she's not doing it
for political reasons otherwise she
wouldn't you know do all the things that
I described here and she wouldn't be
hesitant and and by the way another
thing you should know and discuss in two
directions as well the Democrats
apparently went fishing here trying to
find someone
they had heard of a story at Yale where
Cavanaugh had done this number one that
apparently exists enough people have
heard about it that the Democrats found
out about it number two they then went
and tried to find who had happened to
and through that process Ramirez gets
revealed so that is a strike
that is a thing in her favor because she
didn't come out here and go it was me it
was me I'm doing it that cavern I don't
want him on the court she's not doing
any of that
she got dragged into you want to count
it as a strike against the Democratic
Party for going fishing and finding this
person okay fine
and and that seems like that's what
happened but the question is is it true
if I if I'm Cavanaugh and I read this
story of course you're gonna get mad if
it wasn't you're gonna be super mad
right but at the same time I had read it
and go she definitely thinks it happened
to her okay so then the question is who
was it cuz I didn't do it and I wouldn't
I'm not sure I'd go out there and say
this has spear P through and through I
said look man we that's a terrible thing
for that to happen to her and maybe we
should look into figuring out who did it
because it definitely wasn't me
yeah unless he just thinks no she's just
a super super clever liar and this was a
political trick all along but this fact
pattern doesn't seem to match that right
again there should be the FBI involved
in this they should look into it and try
to figure out whether or not there's any
corroborating evidence whether or not
any of these allegations are true it's
ridiculous that it's now up to people in
the media to you know do the
investigation and figure out what the
truth is by the way one other thing I
wanted to bring up last week we played a
video featuring Senator mazie Hirono and
she had asked Brett Kavanaugh you know
have you ever been accused of I don't
remember the exact wording but she asked
if he ever was accused of sexual assault
as an adult and I thought that was weird
wording right and now I'm realizing oh
it probably had to do with these
allegations because remember these
allegations are from when he was a
freshman at Yale when he was an adult
the allegations that doctor Blasi
brought forward
happened when they were in high school
when he was 17 and so who knows you know
like what's happening behind the scenes
you're right it does seem like Democrats
are on a fishing expedition trying to
find more accusers but nonetheless I
don't want it I don't want this to be a
guessing game I want this to be
something that's looked into by
nonpartisan professionals and the exact
question was have you committed any
verbal or physical harassment or assault
of a sexual nature and that was in
context of when he was an adult and so
at the Yale incident he would have been
an adult and it certainly would have
qualified as that and he said no I that
he had not so it was super last thing on
this is that look Kavanagh has now been
caught saying several things that didn't
prove to be true so it's that context is
also relevant and so now in the context
of a guy who's swearing up and down the
certain things are the case and it turns
out they're not the case now you have
this situation well it makes them less
credible and obviously every new accuser
makes them even less credible and both
sides know that and and hence why the
Democrats want to see if there are more
accusers and now Michael avenatti is
talking about he has another one or and
and I'm sorry and the Republicans think
we got to get this thing done right now
so that there are no more accusers and
he's out of the court I don't care if he
did it or didn't do it which way is he
voting he's voting with corporations
he's voting against Roe vs. Wade he said
he said go go go and that appears to be
the case except for one caveat unless
they think it's gonna cost them to
election because the most the thing that
they're any politician cares most about
is their own seat and so that's the
calculations being played out this week
and actually one super number last thing
is that in a postgame today I want to
talk about the context of Georgetown
Prep where Cavanaugh came from and how
they would apparently target one woman
at a time and try to get them
intoxicated and you know they called it
there and the thing that they can cock
was jungle juice etcetera but I want to
talk about that even separate from this
story obviously it's related to this
story but that concept of guys trying to
do that
it's just merits of further discussion
let's do in the postgame you get that by
being a member at TYT dot-com /join yeah
okay all right so let's take a quick
break when we come back we will discuss
reaction to the story by both Trump
officials Trump himself included and
also Trump's base EMA biglan was at a
trump rally in Springfield Missouri and
they had some fascinating things to say
about dr. blahs ease allegations we hope
you're enjoying this free clip from The
Young Turks if you want to get the whole
show and more exclusive content while
supporting independent media become a
member at TYT dot-com slash join today
in the meantime enjoy this free second
all right back on a young turks member
comments first Paul says there's a big
difference between investigations done
by reporters the Senate Judiciary
Committee and the FBI background check
FBI is best option to get to the truth
if you believe they are nonpartisan as
we do right now at this point in history
then you should want the FBI now of
course Trump hates the FBI so that's
another factor because they're in
vesicle you have the truth yeah fort
Costa Rica writes in it's simple if
you're innocent you want the
investigation if guilty you make excuses
not to smooth Wrightson leave it to
trump to pick a judge who can't get
confirmed in what would have usually
been an easy vote in the Senate now this
makes me wonder the atmosphere Justice
Kennedy fostered that's an interesting
comment - and he clerked for Justice
Anthony Kennedy who insisted that
Cavanaugh be picked apparently according
to some allegations okay well and then
I'm gonna go to Twitter for two more
Gaby Morita writes in there or the new
allegation is really that unbelievable
at this point they seem very much par
for the course Gaby I hear you on that
I was actually referring to later
stories on other allegations and and you
we'll get to those in a little bit and
Joe Oliver 44 says think about the party
that would march through hell to get a
rapist on the SCOTUS because he'd make
it so that rape victims would have to
have their rapists baby now look you I
think it's too over-the-top to call him
a rapist because that has not been
proven or even alleged so far yeah
alleged attempted rape is the the
heaviest of the charges but the second
half of your tweet is unfortunately a
very very good point I mean here we have
a guy who is apparently against Roe vs.
Wade so if you're raped sorry you're
gonna have to have the rapist baby so I
mean that is so deeply disconcerting to
begin with but the Republicans view that
as yeah that's no problem I don't see
why that's an issue right so the fact
that we have to start the conversation
here is so terrible when you add in the
alleged alleged attempted rape it does
make it even more problematic okay I I
do we are doing the membership
drive I wanted to check in on that and
they give you guys an exciting story
about that in a sec so let's just look
at our thermometer we started it at
twenty seven thousand six hundred and
sixty one after Labor Day let's see
where we are today thirty one thousand
nine hundred and five now that would be
great theater thirty-two thousand by the
end of today yes that would be wonderful
t y-t-dot-com slash joined to support
progressive media your Houma
progressives here on The Young Turks
speaking of which aggressive progressive
one of our shows has a very important
exclusive tomorrow so make sure that you
are checking that out
it is at live at 3:00 p.m. Eastern at
TYT dot-com / members live because you
have to be a member to get aggressive
progressive live but if you are and some
of the members already know who it's
referring to because they get notices
ahead of time and they're super excited
about it but for everybody
sign up now don't miss that exclusive
interview with someone I think you guys
are all fans up with an important
announcement so TYT calm slides joined
to become a member and then watch
aggressive progressive tomorrow live at
3 p.m. Eastern for that exclusive
alright Anna what's thanks there are now
two women who have accused Brett
Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct and
Michael avenatti the attorney for stormy
Daniels has come forward alleging that
there is a third woman who has credible
claims against Brett Kavanaugh as well
so we don't know what those accusations
are avenatti hasn't released any details
about those accusations yet but it
appears that he will be representing
this woman and again he says that the
allegations are credible now with that
said I think an interesting conversation
would be the political calculation /
miscalculations by Republicans in regard
to this story
there has been some polling recently
indicating that Republicans are losing
support among female voters and so Trump
out up Trump weird
slip Jenk has more details I have strong
details I have the best details
you do have details okay so before you
the political calculations here which
are affected by if there is a third
woman avenatti on twitter has been
talking about this since Sunday night
we're doing the show live here of course
Monday night
hey he says his client is no longer a
government employee but that she still
holds a security clearance so that is
relevant it makes you wonder if she
worked with Kavanagh at some point in
the Bush administration or when he was a
judge and she says that she's had
multiple security clearances now there's
no way of judging whether that person
exists and and how credible they are or
what any of the details of the
allegations are because they're not
public yet
now avenatti as a person cuts in two
different directions clearly he's
against trump so you can take what he
says with some grain of salt on the
other hand when he has promised big
scoops in the past he has always
delivered there has not been like hey
I'm gonna do this I'm just kidding I was
just trying to get media attention that
has not happened yet so if he says
there's something coming out it doesn't
mean it's gonna be credible but it
probably is going to be something so
that would be a third person so now as
the Republicans look at that here is the
calculation they're making okay if we
think we're going to lose the majority
in the Senate then we have to get
Cavanaugh through right now otherwise
we're not going to be able to get them
through the Democrats control the Senate
after the elections on the other hand if
we can hold a majority who cares about
cabin on let's just get rid of them
let's get someone else that is not going
to inflict political damage on us right
before the election especially with
female voters so that is what they're
weighing right now and how much damages
are going to do the Republicans if they
keep this national conversation going
where they are constantly attacking
women who are making serious allegations
and saying oh they're lying they're
smears they're this they're that so now
factor in the poll that Ana mentioned
that came out over the weekend
and I was so blown away by the numbers
that I did a YouTube live on it and so
the generic congressional elections
Democrats versus Republicans who do you
want to control Congress was that
already an incredibly high eight-point
advantage for the Democrats until this
pole this pole now has it at a 12-point
advantage Wow and there's only six weeks
left so tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick now the only demographic that
the Republicans are still holding is men
over the age of 45
they have lost every other demographic
and now because they're lead among men
over the age of 45 is strong enough
they're still holding men overall but
now that lead among men is just down to
three points which is really bad news
for Republicans they have to hold men at
much higher numbers in order to win
these elections now how about women
they've always had a disadvantage when
it came to women and to me when the
Democrats at MSNBC always touted oh they
lost women I was like yeah but they have
men okay you're just telling half the
story that doesn't make any sense so
well now in this case I just told you
the other half the equation man when it
comes to women they're the lead that the
Democrats have now is no longer big or
significant it is now gigantic the
Democrats now hold a twenty five point
advantage among women now it doesn't
take a rocket scientist to do that math
only a three point lead among men was
men and a twenty five point deficit
among women and women have been showing
up in record numbers in the primaries
and that's just within the party ok wait
till you get a load of the general
election now the last stat that has got
to get Mitch McConnell and his
colleagues super nervous which whether
it's the right thing or not the right
thing is probably going to affect
Cavanaugh's fate more than anything else
is even in Republican districts their
lead among compared to the Democrats on
average for the whole country it's down
to one point now understand that a lot
of those Republican districts are super
safe
of 20-point leads thirty point leads in
some of those districts so if you take
all the Republican hell districts and an
average they're down to a one-point lead
against the Democrats that's not a wave
that's a tsunami so a Republican
pollster said I have never seen numbers
this week so as they kalau as they get
together in caucus this week which is
exactly what they're doing I need you to
understand that they're gonna keep it
real that McConnell is gonna talk to
those guys how many of you do you think
are gonna lose Ted do you think you're
gonna lose in Texas okay yes and and how
many hey are you going to lose in in
Missouri are we're gonna get McCaskill
back into the Senate right so what do we
need to do I mean I are we gonna go from
25 point deficit with women down to 30
points that we're all toast we might all
lose right so that's what's happening
right now I have so many things to say
okay so first off when it comes to
Republicans losing support I do think
that the Cavanaugh hearings have a lot
to do with it but also I think
Republicans have really underestimated
how disastrous Trump's administration
has been for their poll numbers because
they've continuously supported him and
it appeared especially when it came to
the election with Mark Sanford remember
mark Sanford was one of the lawmakers
who decided to criticize Trump and he
lost the election as a result of that
and I think that there was too much
emphasis and too much attention paid to
that where Republicans thought no we
better fall in line we better support
Trump because if we do we're gonna pay
the price but I do think that there were
a lot of moderate Republican voters who
ended up reluctantly voting for Trump
but then later saw you know how
disastrous policies weren't like the the
tax policy it had very low approval
ratings from the get-go right before it
even got passed and Republicans passed
it anyway and they didn't care they
didn't think that they would have they
would have to suffer the consequences
for that and I do think that they will
and I think that this Cavanagh thing
this cabin house story is just another
example or maybe the the straw that
breaks the camel's back we'll see but
going back to Ted Cruz yeah Ted Cruz's
intro
and I think that Senate Republicans see
that there's a really good chance that
Cruz could lose to better or ork and
what makes that abundantly clear to me
is the way that Cruz tries to attack
Beto he can't attack him based on
policies because Beddoes policies are
popular so instead he attacks Beto for
having nice hair and good teeth he
attacks us that there's literally the
weakest attack I've ever seen in
politics I mean is it really an attack
though I mean like hey you know what
you're too good-looking hey thank me
like that all day long but I guess if
you're Ted Cruz you can't help but think
that yeah anyway so now my final thought
on this is look do I think is taking
into account
Cavanaugh's potential vote on Roe vs.
Wade and then that impact on the
elections and your electoral chances as
a senator is a legitimate way to think
about whether you should vote for
Cavanaugh yes I do think that do I think
that taking your electoral chances into
account is a legitimate way of deciding
Cavanaugh at this point is the right way
to go no I do not think that I think
that you should they should make that
decision at this point based on whether
they think he did or did not do those
incredibly serious allegations so I
don't think politics should play into
that because those allegations are
either obviously disqualifying if they
he did do it or you should go to bat for
him and defend him to the hilt if he you
think for sure that he didn't do it
because that's an unbelievable smear job
if you think he didn't do it and you say
I don't care that he got smeared like
I'd lose my political career over
defending a person that I thought was
being smeared but but but these are
politicians they're not like you and I
right the only thing they care about is
their own seat so when as they as they
look at these events that are unfolding
man they all have to be super super
nervous about it because my god when you
have women showing up at the primaries
that the record rate that they are you
got a 25 point deficit with women now
imagine that you rush this confirmation
through and they're in a vanadis right
and there's a third person and they're
credible now you've got women wondering
my god what the
Cavanagh have been doing all his life he
got the story we didn't even do because
we thought it was you know not to the
level of these other stories about how
he needed a certain kind of a certain
look for women who were applying etc I
don't want to get into too much of those
details but when you put all of that
into consideration and then you go yeah
all these horrible horrible charges
we don't care women the only thing we
care about is that he's gonna vote
against Roe versus Wade I mean you might
have awakened a woken a giant that
you're not gonna know what to do with
and so if you wanted record turnout like
we've never seen for Women Voters that
is the exact recipe for that so if
they're not caucusing right now to be
incredibly careful about their political
chances they ought to be cuz they might
be walking into something that they they
literally have never seen before in
their political lives well let's talk a
little bit about the reaction to the
latest allegations against Brett
Kavanaugh because I think those
reactions give you a sense of some of
these lawmakers priorities so let's get
to that following allegations from a
second woman indicating that Brett
Kavanaugh may have sexually assaulted
Yale student by the name of Deborah
Ramirez a number of people who are
aligned with Trump and Trump himself
have come forward denying the accusation
saying that they still support Cavanaugh
and that this is nothing more than a
smear campaign so before we get to the
Conway's and the Lindsey Graham's of the
world let's go to Donald Trump he wanted
to address these allegations made by
Debra Ramirez and here's what he had to
say mr. president people just have
concerns about these a crime man
Flemish
these are highly unsubstantiated
statements from people represented by
lawyers you should look into the lawyers
terms of representation
good way to figure out whether this is a
smear campaign and whether this is
purely political and whether this is
unfair and unjust is to call for the FBI
to do an independent investigation this
would be a background check a more
thorough background check to see if any
of these allegations might be true but
Donald Trump and Senate Republicans do
not want that investigation to take
place so yeah the bar for Trump is so
low now that whenever I watch a Trump
clip and he doesn't say that water is
tremendously wet I feel like oh hey he
got through an answer without totally
humiliating himself now in this case
he's now actively decided that he's
going to attack the people who might be
victims of Cavanagh and he's gonna just
he's decided no I'm all-in I'm gonna
call it all political that they're made
up that they're totally made up and that
the Democrats worked with the lawyers
for these women to make them up I don't
think that's a fruitful strategy but
that's super obvious though when was the
last time Donald Trump had a productive
strategy if right exactly so Kellyanne
Conway was on CBS this morning and she
also addressed the latest accusations
here's what she had to say why does it
not matter to anyone that judge Kavanagh
has said unequivocally and categorically
these allegations are false
he thinks the latest one show a pattern
of a smear campaign against him and he
has said from the beginning that he
wasn't at the party in question 36 years
ago in in Maryland all that has to
matter but this president this president
wants them both to testify in the Senate
Judiciary Committee has set up a process
where they both can I just don't think
one man shoulder
should bear decades of the luteal events
what does that even mean that one man
shoulder should bear decades of the me
to movement no like he's being accused
by two specific people at the moment
there could be a third based on what
Michael avenatti says and by the way and
let me just correct myself she was
addressing doctor bla zis allegations in
that clip and so look so her argument is
well he says he wasn't at the party so
that means something but it's he said
she said like that's why you need to
have an FBI investigation and that's
exactly what Republicans want Lindsey
Graham you know talked about the hearing
with dr. Blasi which is at the moment
scheduled for Thursday and he was asked
if there are gonna be any other people
involved or there gonna be any witnesses
anyone else speaking other than Brett
Kavanaugh and dr. Blasi and he said no
that all you need to do is hear from
those two but then if you do that again
it's a he-said she-said situation they
don't want any corroborating evidence
it's crazy yeah so the general principle
she's lays out it are perfectly fine but
it when you in this context it makes
some sense so what do I mean by that so
if you said Charlie Rose shouldn't have
to bear the whole me to movement on his
shoulders he's not he's just being
judged based on what he did nobody's
judging Charlie Rose on what Harvey
Weinstein did or what roger ailes her
bill o'reilly did they're just saying
charlie what you did was bad enough that
you got to go right now if you said hey
um as he's a sorry should not be judged
for the actions of everyone else you
should just judge him based on what he
did well we would agree to that too and
and different people come out
differently on that issue but that's
more of an open question and one that is
can be and has been debated right then
you right to say well you can't put
weinstein on on as ease hundred-percent
right but nobody's putting weinstein on
Charlie Rose or AB red Cavanaugh they're
all judged on the merits of their
particular situation if you said to me
Cavanaugh didn't do these things but why
scene and O'Reilly did it like and why
would I care what I said no Riley did in
this context you
told me the guy didn't do it so of
course he doesn't bear the burden of
what other people did so it's a straw
man argument okay and then when she says
well you know his point of view should
also be taken into account I don't know
I'm sure that there are people who don't
take this point of view into account but
we do that's that's why it's not like we
came out we're like we're positive okay
it's over Ramirez is definitely right
doctor Blasio Ford is credible boat
not just credible she's a hundred
percent right right I don't care what he
says
obese I don't think anybody reasonable
is saying that we're saying yeah that's
why it's hard to figure out he says it
didn't happen they have a credible case
that it didn't happen that's why we'd
like to to find out more well there is
one specific person a senator who does
not care what doctor Blasi has to say
and this is the point that I was trying
to make when the whole debate happened
regarding whether or not doctor Blasi
should testify if the Republicans
refused the FBI investigation I argued
that these senators Republican senators
had already made up their mind they
don't care what she has to say while she
testifies and guess who proved that
point for me Senator Lindsey Graham so
I'm gonna skip ahead to a video for here
is Lindsey Graham arguing that yeah it
doesn't matter what she has to say I've
made up my mind I were to listen to her
but I'm being honest with you and
everybody else what do you expect me to
do you can't bring it in a criminal
court you would never sue civilly you
couldn't even get a warrant what am I
supposed to do go ahead and ruin this
guy's life based on an accusation I
don't know when it happened I don't know
where it happened and everybody named in
regard to being there said it didn't
happen I'm just being honest unless
there's something more no I'm not gonna
ruin a judge kapnos life over this okay
so he also said that based on you know
what's been agreed to on Thursday for
the Thursday hearing it will just be
Brett Kavanaugh testifying and dr. Blasi
testifying things could change things
are constantly changing there are new
allegations but by another woman and so
Democrats are saying we need to postpone
this
have an FBI investigation but just to
quickly answer Lindsey Graham's question
what do you want me to do here's what I
want you to do here's what a lot of
people want you to do have the FBI
investigate this do a thorough
background check you know he brought up
oh you know the statute of limitations
is over you can't have a criminal
investigation no one's asking for a
criminal investigation he even brought
up a civil lawsuit no one's asked you
for a civil lawsuit we're asking for the
FBI to get involved so we can have an
independent organization try to
determine who's telling the truth here
and even barring that the least you
could do is to listen to the hearings
with an open mind she's not interested
in that again if it was a democratic
appointment or a Republican appointment
and I was a senator on that committee I
would definitely want to hear both sides
of the story cuz if it leads me to
believe that he didn't do it I'd be
doubly pissed if it leads me to believe
that he did do it then would I change my
mind yes of course I would change my
mind but here's a city in United States
Senator dome I don't care there's what
there's nothing she can say that makes
you believe that
well here's life you know he doesn't
want to ruin Cavanaugh's life by
listening to that testimony and actually
you know being unbiased in this case if
you thought after listening to it you
thought no these allegations are not
credible and I don't want to ruin the
guy's life okay but before listening to
it saying I've already made up my mind
well first of all it's not the right
thing to do second was also not a very
savvy thing to say you know if you were
a little bit smarter you would play
politics better than this and you go oh
yeah I got a total open mind my god my
voters you should understand what kind
of an open mind I have then listen to it
and then go oh well golly gee man it
turns out he's right and she's wrong but
now they're so brazen they don't even
care to lie anymore they're like no no
I'm biased I don't give a damn what
anybody thinks hey my Republican based
remember how biased I am in favor of the
man and never the woman okay just so you
know and the conservative and never the
progressive and never anything else it
doesn't matter I'm always going to be
biased in favor of my team well he
probably thinks politically maybe that
does help
because they're polling voters don't
care anymore that they do want you to be
biased and they don't care about the
facts actually now that I put a little
bit like that there is an argument to be
made that rebelling voters don't care
about facts anymore so this might appeal
to them well we actually have some
evidence of that and when we come back
from our break we are gonna hear from
the actual voters these are Trump voters
who attended a Trump rally in
Springfield Missouri so come right back
we'll show you those clips and more
