hackers have managed to break into the
database of a prominent plastic surgeon
in the UK and they are alleging that
they have images of celebrities in
vulnerable situations including in the
middle of cosmetic procedures and they
also have you know some of the medical
records that this plastic surgeon has on
file on number of individuals now these
hackers have broken into a high-profile
london-based plastic surgeon and stolen
a bevy of photos including of
in-progress genitalia and breast
enhancement the hackers known as the
dark Overlord have traditionally tried
to extort their victims including
schools medical centers and even a
production studio linked to Netflix The
Daily Beast broke this story and they
have been in contact with some of these
hackers and they proved to the writer
Joseph Cox that they did manage to break
into this plastic surgeons database
because they emailed him through an
email linked to the plastic surgeon they
also shared some of the images that they
managed to steal and they one of the
hackers said the following we're going
to pitch it all up for everyone to nab
the entire patient list with
corresponding photos the world has never
seen a medical dump of a plastic surgeon
to such degree so this is pretty
devastating for anyone who has received
any type of treatment or had any type of
surgery at this plastic surgeon's office
it's known as the London Bridge plastic
surgery that is the name of the plastic
surgeon or the company doing these
positive look there's some bad guys in
the world man and so the end is almost
no privacy left so I this is repulsive I
don't want to see people getting a
liposuction or a breast enhancement and
it's like I can't imagine a more private
moment and you're gonna hack in and what
are you gonna do like you're gonna
embarrass him and then go haha right I
guess I get the motivation because it's
a crime and they want to make money
right and and so it's like you own into
somebody's house I'm robbing them you
don't care about their feelings you
don't care
they saved up their whole life for that
and it was for their kids and they're
not gonna be you don't care right okay
so you call yourself the dark overlord
so I guess you don't care about anybody
else but is it as a society we get
coarser and coarser and and it's yeah
there's there are monsters among us and
there are people who are looking for a
way to make some easy money and this
type of extortion for them is fun and
and they're gonna make some easy money
because if you're desperate and you
don't want this stuff to be out there
then you're gonna pay and they have
successfully extorted hospitals and
schools where they'll hold on to data
they'll lock data and they won't die
when you do that at a hospital degree of
lack of empathy they don't care they
don't write so and they're like they're
bragging there's some of the royal
family people there I don't care about
the Royals I don't and it's and I it's
not like I'm like looking to protect
celebrities I don't care what I do can
and okay you're doing an extortion
racket I get it right the part that
bothers me the most is the haha attitude
like oh you're gonna show you at your
most embarrassing time we're gonna get
like the vindictiveness and I get it but
it's just if that doesn't make you feel
gross maybe there's something wrong with
you like you're missing an empathy gene
and you're a bit of a sociopath qit
membership gives you commercial-free
Young Turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash joy
