now Bill O'Reilly has had to settle
sixth sexual harassment cases the most
recent one came out a couple days ago in
the New York Times a settlement for 32
million dollars for a sexual harassment
over 15 year period including charges of
non-consensual sex relationships so very
very heavy charges when defending
himself he basically used his kids as
human shields over half a dozen times he
said oh my kids okay you know I would I
would applaud it I would have proved
that it wasn't true it said I paid
thirty two million dollars because I
didn't want my kids hurt well how come
how come you weren't thinking about that
when you were sexually harassing those
women over and over and over again then
you weren't thinking about your kids but
then he went one step further which was
even uglier instead of talking about his
kids he started talking about somebody
else's kids in this case Eric Bolling
his colleague at Fox News back when they
were both working there Eric Bolling son
we thought had committed suicide and
here's what O'Reilly had to say I
I urge you to think about what you put
in your newspaper every Bolling sons
dead he's dead because of allegations
made in my opinion and then I know this
to be true
against mr. ball no game now that's when
he was trying to convince the New York
Times not to run that article he was not
successful and nor was he truthful he
says I know this to be true
well this an important person who
disagrees with you eric bolling he wrote
in I believe it is beyond inappropriate
for anyone to bring in the tragic death
of my son Eric chase bowling just as
Bill O'Reilly had wanted to shield his
children from the allegations against
them I hope he will honor my request and
avoid any future mentions of my son that
is a very very fair request and you know
I talked about on the show and and on
social media on the day that that
happened that our hearts go out there
bowling for all of our significant
disagreements with him politically and
in policy families a whole different
thing man don't bring your kids into it
and definitely definitely don't bring
somebody else's kids into it and the
tragedy that surrounds that you are as
low as it gets so Riley now and bowling
and O'Reilly used to be very tight at
Fox News good friends over there but
bowling obviously pretty furious about
that he also added my parting from Fox
News was in no way connected to the
tragic news of my son's passing the
coroner has in fact indicated to us that
they believe it was an accident so he
might not have even come into suicides
besides which we shouldn't be talking
about this but the only reason we are is
because O'Reilly thought what excuse am
I gonna use because it's obvious based
on the number of settlements and the
amount of the settlements that I did
this over and over and over again let me
go hide behind someone else's son Oh
such a bad guy so when bowling called
him out on it he said okay apologies to
Eric bowling and prayers for him and his
family the message I tried to send was
allegations harm kids nothing more yeah
yeah yeah stop hiding and
so Eric Bolling is classy and says
thanks Bill apology accepted
okay so that's one part of this now
O'Reilly not done though he's blaming
his kids other people not blaming other
people's kids to be fair mainly just
hiding behind them all what you know I
could fight I could fight it's not that
I'm wrong I'm totally right I mean they
all made that stuff up and I gave him a
combined forty five million dollars
anyway even though I'm Bill O'Reilly and
I love to fight I just want to fight
because of the kids oh please now he's
blaming someone else God get a load of
this on his own podcast watch this
am i mad at God yeah I'm mad at him I
wish I had more protection I wish this
stuff didn't happen I can't explain it
to you yeah I'm mad at him if I die
tomorrow and and I get an opportunity
I'll say what you guys worked me over
like that
well well God must be shaking in his
boots
oh no he's entered the no spin zone one
day bill you might enter the no spin
zone and this is a totally different
area by the way if you are right but if
you're right in a god exists my guess is
he's not gonna be like Oh bill good to
see you man
well I just messing with you haha come
on Oh dig it personally I mean you did
sexually harass all those people right I
mean you did use your power to try to
coerce sex out of them when they didn't
want it you did do that right bill now
all of a sudden why has God forsaken me
please no thought about the kids or God
when he's doing the acts and we all
heard the tapes bill
we didn't hear what you did to lose
wheel that was a thirty two million
dollar settlement and there are
unbelievable allegations there but we
heard what you did to Andrea mattress
she wouldn't participate at all the guy
calls in for phone sex he's like oh yeah
I'm gonna rob a loof on you and then a
falafel he gets all confused and and
where were your kids then oh yeah they
were in I don't know if they were in the
same house I don't want to talk about
your kids for God's sake man stop
bringing that stuff up so anyway he then
gets into well but God
God God why did you do that to me I
heard you bill you were the one smearing
the falafel on her when she didn't want
insanity she didn't say a goddamn thing
she didn't tell you to do it
she didn't say oh that's hot she didn't
say I'm into it you would just call up
your producer who works under you who
you have power over who you could fire
any day and you would subject her to
that stuff day-in day-out and that's why
you had to pay her 9 million dollars
because you wouldn't stop harassing her
God didn't make you do that you did that
the great irony here is they don't
believe in personal responsibility at
all they say oh yeah liberals don't care
about personal responsibility
hey how about you you paid 45 million
dollars of settlements because you did
this to all these different women nope
not me not me not me there must have
been God you know how God is why did you
guys work me over like this who are
these guys what the Angels came down to
like leather jackets let go let's go get
bill oh okay they're not your buddies by
the way I want to say one more thing is
that if you take that quote a little
longer on his podcast he also went on to
say this said if I died tomorrow and I
get an opportunity I'll say why'd you
guys work me over like that did you know
my here we go again
didn't you know my children we're going
to be punished it's not God's fault it's
your fault
he says and they're innocent but then I
think about people who haven't much much
rougher than me Oh a tiny bit of empathy
and you know I'm a big mouse I'm a
target they're not targets oh no not
empathy so it's for a second it seemed
like well you know to be fair I make 25
million dollars a year I had a hundred
million dollar contract to be fair I
have all this power I had this giant
soap box I had millions of people
listening to me I had power over all the
people who work for me I abuse that
power well on the other hand there's the
little guys then he goes wow the little
guys have a good they're not a target
like me Oh me I'm such a victim I'm such
a victim Bill O'Reilly turned out to be
this specialist snowflake on the planet
so all the things he has ever said
against liberals is actually what he
thought about himself oh my god I'm the
victim I don't want any personal
responsibility and at the very end a war
on God himself yeah there you go Bill
O'Reilly that'll be what you're known
for
rank hypocrisy on top of the fact that
you are a hopeless sexual harasser who
couldn't stop even after paying all the
settlements for all those other women
you still continue to do it over and
over and again apparently you thought it
was worth the price but now that you've
been caught all of a sudden it's God's
fault
whatever you do don't you dare start a
war on Christmas watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway you like at TYT Network
calm /join
