Fox News spoke to Brett Kavanaugh and
Brett Kavanaugh offered his latest
defense against sexual assault
allegations that have been lodged
against him so he spoke to Martha
McCallum and I don't want to give too
much away take a look at what he claims
we're talking an allegation of sexual
assault I've never sexually assaulted
anyone I did not have sexual intercourse
or anything close to sexual intercourse
in high school or for many years
thereafter and the girls from the
schools I went to and I were saying that
all through all these years that are in
question you were a virgin that's
correct
never had sexual intercourse with anyone
in high school cringe through what years
in college since we're probing into your
personal years many years after I'll
leave it at that many years after Wow
Wow so no one's accused him of having
sexual intercourse with them so far the
only accusations against him include
attempted rape and allegations that he
thrusted his penis toward another
woman's face so I don't know why it
would be relevant what his virginity was
at the time given what the accusations
are but more importantly like what do
you want us to do with that like are we
supposed to like go back in time and do
what like how do you prove that and it
it's just a stupid defense it's a and I
get it like it's all meant to try to
reinforce this I'm a good boy you know
persona that they're trying to push on
people but I'm not buying it your
virginity status means nothing when it
comes to defending yourself against
these allegations so I guess this is now
the 40 year old virgin defense but it's
not a very convincing one since again
the allegations have nothing to do with
it whether you actually finished the act
because remember of course Christian
Blasi Ford says that she was able to get
up once the second guy piled on and they
fell to the ground she locked herself in
a bathroom and then ran away so it's
just not at all relevant
it's just golly gee aw shucks never me
I'm so innocent type of situation that I
don't think is very persuasive
especially given the things that we do
know that we're not holding him
accountable for but he was part of a
group that drank excessively went to a
lot of parties where they we try to you
other women drunk and and and there's a
reference to two on one stuff in his
yearbook there's the famous saying what
happens at Georgetown pray stays at
Georgetown Prep not only did he say that
in a speech but TYT investigates showed
that he then someone either he or the
school later removed him saying that
from the transcript of that speech
because obviously somebody was
embarrassed about that
so this all shocks thing does not match
what you did in those years at all
whether they that particular allegations
of Blasi Ford is correct or not you
trying to tell us that you were leave it
to beaver just not playing so please
spare us if anything it makes you less
credible it reminded me a little of
George Zimmerman's defense in the
Trayvon Martin story when you know he
was going through the court proceedings
his defense included the fact that he
was going through martial arts training
and that he had to drop out because he
was so terrible and so weak and so that
was used as as his defense like he
couldn't have been threatening or
intimidating to Trayvon Martin because
he was such a weak person yeah you know
I didn't know where you were going with
that but it actually you're right that
is a good analogy because he's basically
saying I couldn't get any women back
then so it couldn't be the case that I
tried to get women in voluntarily I'm
not sure that that proves what you think
it proves two easy ways for Young Turks
one is hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
