Republican congressman Adam Kissinger
went on television he didn't want to be
as harsh as some of his colleagues like
senator bob Corker and Jeff Flake who
came out guns blazing against Donald
Trump today but you could tell in his
comments that he is both concerned and
why other Republicans are not speaking
out as forcefully as those now retiring
senators and which by the way the third
one there is John McCain who's also been
very forceful also retiring Kissinger is
not but this is what he says on
television you know look I wish both
sides I have a lot of respect for bob
Corker he's now outspoken though that
he's not running for reelection you know
there's not not many in the republic of
my Republican base and my supporters say
that the president should keep tweeting
the lot of them say I wish he'd tone
down some of the person and stuff I'm in
the same boat I wish you would tone down
some of the personal stuff is he right
do you agree he has great difficulty
with the truth well I think there's
obviously some times when he says things
that are untruthful but you know look
again corker is Senator corkers being
very outspoken now that he's not running
for re-election and I think both sides
should just kind of take a big chill
pill where we do though agree and I
think we need to be more outspoken about
it is the president needs to lay off
some of the emotion and on Twitter I'd
love to see the president tone down the
Twitter but you know bob Corker i think
is going a little too far out there
talking about World War three failed
presidency etc I don't quite understand
where he's coming from with that hmm I
like that World War three from the
president in your own party it's just a
little too far there not too far a
little too far out there both sides take
a chill pill but it's obvious that the
president is not truthful or often
obvious a Republican congressman trying
to support him on TVs like well I mean
obviously the total liar but I mean
besides that the other side also says
mean things about him yeah but he's the
President of the United States he's the
commander in chief that's the relevant
part here so Kissinger obviously saying
man I'm not saying he's telling you the
truth ain't he and I'm not saying he's
stable because he ain't he's gonna lay
off the emotion either but the second
thing that he said is also relevant
which is now
bob Corker is not running for reelection
so he can say this in other words bob
Corker is not running for reelection so
he can be honest
same thing with Jeff Flake same thing
with John McCain Kissinger is running
for reelection so he's like I got to
tell you a half-truth not the whole
truth if I was also free well then I
could tell you of course he's crazy
somebody get a hold of him right now the
reason I'm calling this trumpet Stein is
because but your base the one you're
afraid of congressman the one that you
know would vote you out of office if you
oppose Trump is of your own making the
Republicans spend that base watch out
for the gays the immigrants the Muslims
the Mexicans the blacks and even women
okay watch out watch out watch out and
the fear and the holding of the hatred
and then now they're surprised to see it
that it comes back on them like what do
you mean oh wow this guy who took that
loathing and and fear that we were dog
whistling and just actually started
saying it out loud and he appeals to
them more directly well color me
surprised well you shouldn't be
surprised you made him you created him
and now he's turned on you and boy you
had a coming the only problem is all of
the rest of us and perhaps the entire
world is collateral damage so it's about
time the people who are running for
reelection actually speak the whole
truth instead of half-truths and you can
tell even in that interview he's
basically saying since I'm still a
politician I'm pretty much gonna lie to
you and the guys who are not running for
re-election can tell the whole truth now
you know what the reality is and what
Republicans are actually thinking in
Congress because they know better than
we do how incompetent and monstrous
Donald Trump is help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network com slash join
