I had done some research about community
policing in my previous book the divide
and I I strongly believe that the sort
of stats based policing strategies that
we employ in most big cities in America
create a lot of negative incentives for
cops and that cops themselves hate them
if you talk to cops off and none of them
will talk on the records for the most
part but but the ones that will talk to
you for the most Brett they'll tell you
that the part that they really hate
about this job is the stats you know
they're told sometimes explicitly
sometimes implicitly you gotta stop a
certain number of people every month you
got accomplished get a certain number of
weapons every month we need to see what
they call activity right and what that
forces cops to do is Jack up people who
are really doing anything very often
and everybody knows although it's not
always spoken explicitly though we want
you to give you this in certain
neighborhoods and not other different
ones right so you don't see cops
stopping people on mass and Wall Street
ripping up in briefcases and pulling
once you know the bundles of ecstasy and
coke at of stockroom the pockets of
stockbrokers you see do see them doing
that in black and Hispanic neighborhoods
so I entered into this with the idea
that yeah it's bad policy it's bad
training what what you talked about this
idea that cops it's beaten into their
hands that you know better be use deadly
force than to risk be killed being
killed yourself that is something that
all cops are trained to put into their
minds early in their careers but on top
of that and this is the thing that I
wasn't aware of when you look at
policies like broken windows and stop
and frisk if you look back as far back
as the early 1800s you'll find almost
identical policing strategies they just
always had different names they were
called vagrancy laws in some states in
other states that were called impudence
laws
these are the Black Codes and in every
instance it's exactly the same thing
it's cops have legally meaningless
excuses to stop people of color at any
moment that they want and you know what
became intellectual chic in there in the
90s and the 2000s through to stop and
frisk and broken windows is actually
just a rehash of ancient racist policies
where you where there's no denying the
race of the race element anymore
because because it's so completely like
you know the repressive policies that we
used to see in this country
