TYT reporter emmav Egeland was in
Springfield Missouri for a Trump rally
and during that rally she specifically
spoke to Trump's supporters about the
sexual assault allegations against Brett
Kavanaugh here is what one of those
supporters had to say as a woman I think
it's horrible that she would bring this
up 35 36 years later if she was really
assaulted she should have reported at
the time by waiting this length of time
she makes all women look bad what do you
think about the statistics that say only
23% of 23% of sexual assaults are
reported at the time like why do you
think that is I've seen enough episodes
of Law & Order SVU that that's probably
correct okay so she just contradicted
herself
I know but while citing a television
show for like a place to get information
but okay that's fine a fictional one a
drama so but all the people that I
interviewed that doesn't mean it's every
single person who was at the rally and
it doesn't mean it's every single
Republican voter but she does a pretty
good job of trying to find a collection
of people to give you a range of opinion
so for example in other rallies she's
found a lot of folks who have an open
mind about the Muller investigation so
great that's interesting but on this
issue
no more in a lot of open minds nope
didn't didn't hear you should watch the
full video on rebel headquarters and
that's the YouTube channel where you'll
find the full video in full context but
if you watch the full thing you won't
see a single Trump supporter that she's
spoken to who believes the accusations
or cares even if they are true right
yeah it was divided into two camps one
is of course it's not true a Republican
says it's not true and we're done with
it right and the second camp was yeah
maybe it's true but who cares I mean he
was a you know he's 17 when he was
trying to rape women so it's not that
big a deal
she's so but yeah we'll have the link
down below if you're watching later on
YouTube or Facebook but you should check
out youtube.com slash rebel HQ or
facebook.com slash revelation because
they've got a lot of those interviews
and they cover these Trump rallies
all the time so let's hear from another
Trump supporter it's just his word
against hers and I'm sure she's
making it up I hate to say that but I
think she is
most men most men are very compassionate
towards women on something like that and
women aren't what okay that that didn't
seem awfully compassionate so most men
are compassionate about attempted rape
Oh women are not I just sometimes I have
trouble keeping up with them I don't
know I literally don't know what he
meant other than yeah guys are right and
woman or aw yeah all right one more clip
so you think that they're making it up
or she's making it up it doesn't matter
even if she isn't statute of limitations
was over years ago but yeah so it
doesn't matter that her therapist notes
corroborate kind of her accusations from
2012 not really yeah it's just the
highest court in America the Supreme
Court but who cares if you did it yeah
look he if you're gonna say that point
of view one way to handle it would be oh
my god I'm really concerned about those
allegations the idea of a guy holding a
woman down closing her mouth and trying
to rip her clothes off while the other
guys turning up the volume so no one can
hear her screams is deeply problematic
but I think that you a fifty
three-year-old man can't be judged for
the actions of when he was 17 and drunk
I don't agree with that sentence but
that's a way of phrasing it without
seeming like who cares if he try to rape
her what's the difference who has like
you feel like the rest of that sentence
is who hasn't done that before and in
fact that has been quotes I've seen from
other conservatives about this like
which young there was a another panel
put on cable news of Trump supporters
and one of them said which young man
hasn't tried to do something like that
a lot I hope a lot the great
overwhelming majority right I just if
you are a woman who identifies as a
Republican in this era in the Trump era
you deserve better
you deserve better than being in the
same
group of people that includes men that
think of you this way that think sexual
assault doesn't really matter that if a
man has been accused of sexual assault
in his life and the woman accusing him
of that sexual assault is telling the
truth it doesn't matter they should
still be a Supreme Court justice with
the ability to make decisions that
impact your life every day you deserve
better two easy ways Folio interests one
is hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
