just moments ago here in the Capitol
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
was asked about a new expose that ran in
60 minutes and in The Washington Post
about a scandal that involves drug
industry lobbying to push back against
the DEA in order to kind of push pills
on opioid addicts across the country
McConnell was asked by a reporter what
are you going to do now that there's
been this expose and there's been all
this attention on this issue are you
gonna revisit you're gonna repeal this
law are you gonna reform this law and
Mitch McConnell said hey look
talk to the bill sponsors Obama signed
this law it passed unanimously
apparently with the approval of
President Obama and his DEA and you'll
have to ask the sponsors about it as to
what the way forward will be now if
you're gonna talk to these bill sponsors
one of them would be the knot would be
drug czar representing Tom Marino from
Pennsylvania was nominated by Trump to
run the Office of National Drug Control
Policy which is known as the office of
the drug czar
he has now withdrawn his name from
consideration after this expose came out
and so the question here is was he too
embarrassed to take the job did he just
resign as a matter of Honor or did Trump
force him to resign now on the on the
question of the former we can assume
that that's not what happened because he
introduced this bill that we're talking
about now in public this was not done
secretly even though it was done very
quietly and there was a lot of press
coverage around it it was not done
secretly bill was introduced publicly
the vote happened in the house in public
the vote happened in the Senate in
public President Obama signed it into
law in public now it passed unanimously
without any debate without any public
debate there wasn't any fanfare around
it and so it got lost basically until
now but Marino had never been ashamed of
what he'd done before so why is he
dropping out now well one of two reasons
either Trump said look this is an
embarrassment you need to withdraw
yourself and he'd already been making
public hints that he was no longer
happy with this guy I did see the report
we're gonna look into the report we're
gonna take it very seriously because
we're gonna have a major announcement
probably next week
on the drug crisis and on the opioid
massive problem and I want to get that
absolutely right we're gonna be looking
into Tom and you can imagine it from
trumps perspective he probably never
heard of the guy before somebody told
him to nominate the guy because he
outsources all of these decisions to
places like drug companies and if you're
a drug company who do you want to be the
drug czar well you want to be the guy
who sponsored your bill and rammed it
all the way through Congress or the
other option is that the guy has common
sense and can he can read votes in the
Senate there is one issue right now that
across the country scares the hell out
of senators and congressmen and it is
the opioid epidemic nobody can avoid it
from from either party and so no senator
is going to want to get up and cast a
vote for this guy to be drug czar after
this expose came out the details of it
you can you go watch a clip on 60
minutes you can read the Washington Post
piece the basics of it are the bill
blocked the DEA from taking action
against what it saw as out of control
kind of wholesale pill manufacturers if
they would see like a huge shipment
going somewhere that was that was
clearly not you know on the up-and-up
they'd be able to quickly move and stop
that the bill basically stopped them
from doing that which allows the the
pill floodgates to just stay open the
DEA has been a horrible actor when it
comes to the opioid crisis when it comes
to weed crack or coke or even heroin you
know the DEA that you know they're all
over it they're there they're ready to
they're ready to bust people roll them
up bust the kingpins lock them up throw
away the key when it comes to pills the
DEA has a very different approach to it
and and part of it suggests that perhaps
you know street gangs ought to just be
hiring lobbyists and and pumping money
into the DEA and into Congress
throughout the 1990s and the 2000s as as
the prescription of opioid medications
was booming year after year after year
to the point where there were several
prescriptions for every American person
across the country the DEA did nothing
and simply kept lifting a cap the DEA
has a cap on how on how many opioids
basically can be prescribed across the
country and it and drug makers kept
bumping up against that cap so every
year the DEA would say all right well
let's let's let's lift the cap even
higher and maybe there is some benefit
to that action who knows but it is the
only situation where the DEA was taking
a liberal approach to drug supply
everywhere else they're cracking down
it's only when it comes to these you
know horrendously addictive pills that
are being pushed by big pharma do they
decide that they're going to actually
maybe take a more humane approach to
drug policy the result however has been
anything but humane and you know people
can ask questions about this and we can
talk about the very real issues of pain
management later but that's not what was
going on for the DEA here this is not
the DEA being concerned about patients
who are who are managing with managing
life with chronic pain that's not that's
not what's happening this is the heavy
influence of an industry over over a
government agency which is something
we've come to understand and expect in
all other agencies it's just surprising
to see it here with the DEA so in this
case the DEA actually fought back and a
whistleblower from the DEA is the one
that came forward to talk to 60 minutes
in The Washington Post but the DEA still
got railroaded Gretchen has a question
that it was on my mind before we started
is how come it seems like everyone Trump
up points is actually best suited to do
the opposite of the oversight and
protections and that basically the
mandate of the agency for Trump he's you
know when he's looking to appoint
somebody to something he's gonna go
right to the industry that they regulate
he thinks those are the people who are
the most gifted and have
the understanding of the industry and
there are the ones that ought to be that
ought to be doing it you know he if you
look at Wall Street he brings in Gary
Cohn to be his chief economic adviser
who's you know deeply involved in in the
big short the guy who he put on top of
the occ the Office of the Comptroller
currency is this guy who has spent his
entire life working against the OCC
suing the OCC representing banks who are
coming after them and he's just
systematically tried to block it and
other agencies from doing any regulation
and so yeah for this one I assume he
just went to the drug industry we're not
hitting necessarily him but the people
that are he tasks with doing these more
minor appointments because he's not
gonna be bothered with this
administration officials a drug czar you
think Trump cares
okay so Rivers had a kind of poignant
question she's
