David Blaine has been accused of rape by
a former model this is coming from The
Daily Beast here are the details
Natasha Prince claims Blaine raped her
at a private home in London's Chelsea
neighborhood in the summer of 2000 four
months after her 21st birthday she told
The Daily Beast in her first ever
interview on the subject officers from
the Mets child abuse and sexual offences
command are investigating an allegation
of rape Scotland Yard said in a
statement to the Daily Beast the
allegation was reported to police
on 17 November 2016 by a woman who
alleged she was raped
aDNA dress in Chelsea in June or July
2004 when she was aged 21 there have
been no arrests at this stage and
enquiries continue now Blaine's attorney
Marty singer has vehemently denied all
the allegations of any misconduct with
the individual although they do have
knowledge that they did know each other
at one point in time the the allegations
are in incredibly graphic she says that
she was at a party and she was flirting
with Blaine and that at one point in
time they went up to have a drink and
then the next thing she knew he was
anally penetrating her and that she just
says that she felt I was limp and I was
very floaty in and out of sleep what's
important to note is that there is no
statute of limitations for sex crimes in
Britain and when you comes to the
evidence she points to a conversation
that she had with an ex-boyfriend but
who was her boyfriend at the time in
2004 when she alleges the rape took
place in a series of direct text
messages on Instagram this boyfriend
reminded Prince of that crazy weird
situation with David Blaine after he
broke up that he made a move on you in
bed like he forced himself on you you
told me how you ended up in his bed and
he was trying on stuff when asked why it
took 13 years for her to tell police
Prince told The Daily Beast and I think
this is really important you hear this a
lot from survivors of sexual assault
quote you have to understand my
interpretation was that it was my fault
I didn't think of it as rape in my head
rape was being sober puller in a bush
pull down her pants and just ditch er so
I blame myself I did like him I was
interested in him so I didn't think
about going to the police now I think
what's particularly troubling about what
we're hearing out of this so early on is
the lawyer representing David Blaine who
also happens to represent John Travolta
Bill Cosby Charlie Sheen said in a phone
call
quote anyone can make a claim especially
with this Harvey Weinstein thing now
it's worth also noting is that she
actually made this claim a full year
before the Harvey Weinstein piece came
out I just think that it's incredibly
indelicate for the lawyer of someone
accused to just refer to allegations of
sexual assault as the Harvey Weinstein
thing we know we know very little about
what's happening in this story but what
was your response when you heard about
these allegations did you immediately
correlate it to the Harvey Weinstein
quote-unquote thing the lawyers comment
struck me as him trying to muddy the
water and and doing it as you say it in
an indelicate way would be a polite way
to put it I mean it's really in a crude
way too somehow I mean this woman has
been traumatized she's coming forward
now reluctantly which is the way so many
of these victims do come forward and to
sort of roll her into the existing
atmosphere well you know the Harvey
Weinstein thing I just thought it was I
thought it was rude she also tells a
believable story you know and it and
it's interesting and I and I verse it's
funny when you were we were getting to
the part where she talks about she had
an interest in David Blaine it it then
made it
murky a little bit for me I'm thinking
well I don't quite understand then
molarity and maybe I can get clarity
from you guys on this so I think that's
that's pretty common but it just you
have to have consent at every stage of
the process sure so you can have an
interest in someone you can even be
flirting with someone you can go over to
their house expecting to become intimate
with that person but that person has to
have your consent in order to penetrate
I mean I'm sorry for being graphic but
that's and this is the time of anal
penetration exactly thing I applaud you
for just asking that question because we
need to create an environment where we
are comfortable asking these questions
because there are some men who don't
understand and we need to just talk
about this and make sure that we all are
on the same page about what consent
means and that it explained why she
didn't go to the cops because she's
always here though well how come you
didn't go to the police I mean if it was
so bad if he was great but is here the
cops she was trying to say my emotions
were muddied I knew I'd been
violated you know that you could call it
call it something weird happened that
was according to the boyfriend but she
was violated it she didn't go to the
cops because she liked this guy you
create you create a narrative in your
head you create ways to deal with it you
create ways to grieve and sometimes that
looks like searching for things that you
could have done differently and I think
what she said is so it's so true for a
lot of women well especially her her
inner monologue which that what she says
that the morning after she was doing a
photo shoot and she says that while she
was sitting in the makeup chair she was
asking herself questions like what did I
do last night did I have sex with David
Blaine but I didn't want to and just
feeling really hazy and out of it and
just knowing that she didn't give
consent but she she was into him and it
understand why it can be sort of a
difficult conversation to have because
because consent is sort of it is a hard
thing to define but it is so incredibly
important to define so a lot of people
say oh do I have to ask like can I like
can I please kiss you here it's not it's
we're not talking about that but when
someone says no or when they are not
able to give consent when they are
intoxicated when they are asleep
anything like that then you don't have
it
consent can never be assumed I think
that's it can be taken away it can never
be assumed so I think that's an
important thing to remember and if if if
I'm heartbreaking stories like this come
forward caused us to have these
difficult conversations and to raise a
better generation when it comes to
consent is just par for the course when
it comes to any sorts of relationship
intimate or otherwise than good
no that's the overlining and that's a
great point I'm so glad you made it
because even if this sweet model who got
into this thing it's a high-profile
celebrity paying model and the
high-profile guy even if that doesn't
turn out to bring a court case or even
if they're issues surrounding this that
that leave us short of where we'd like
to see the conclusion result I think
grace makes a great point it it helps in
chram
anyway changed the way we look at the
way these these sexual encounters happen
without consent
and so the consent issue anyway starts
to be discussed more again all of these
things on top of each other help us do
that just looking back to you know over
the past year with Roger Ailes Bill
O'Reilly the Donald Trump Access
Hollywood tape all of these things I see
this momentum and and it's allowing us
to have these conversations and just I
mean these are these are progressive
conversations and this is a progressive
network so I want to celebrate even when
even when it comes on the heels of
something awful that we can have these
conversations that I do believe move us
forward if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com slash join
