we have this thing in American politics
where despite the fact that politicians
make decisions that will affect the
lives and possibly end the lives of
thousands or tens of thousands of
America's Americans in any number of
different ways
they will then take a little bit of time
to go off to dinners and things like
that and joke to joke about politics
about their personality flaws there in
some in some cases their corrupt ways
and it can be funny but it can also be
revealing and a little bit depressing
and we're gonna hit all of those here
there was the Al Smith dinner it loses
last night and Paul Ryan made a number
of jokes we're gonna play a few videos
first here's one that will probably ring
quite true to you fact number nine every
morning I wake up in my office and I
scroll Twitter to see which tweets that
I'll have to pretend that I did not see
later on
so that's a brief one for you so that's
funny
like you don't really cook you had made
that joke I would think it was funny
it's a little bit less funny because
it's he I mean he's making the joke
because it's true and he is providing a
smoke screen for Donald Trump a
consequential smoke screen that has
affected policy he does pretend not to
see these things he certainly does very
little publicly to try to rein Trump in
even when he makes you know when he says
the worst thing is like Paul Ryan even
during the the grab him by the pussy
Fiasco had just of criticism for Donald
Trump so it's one thing for a comedian
to joke about it it's slightly different
for the guy who did it yesterday and
will do it tomorrow to joke about I
don't know well for me I think that you
know I think it's a lesson for
journalists that are covering him now
that they should certainly point back to
it and that's been one of the takeaways
cuz your point is he has asked about
these things he does do that deflection
all the time and he really is the most
appropriate counterbalance to Trump when
it comes to a voice given his role as
the speaker and the fact that he tends
to not weigh in on some of the critical
things is not just an abdication
responsibility but now we know he's full
of it yeah well and he's not weighing in
because he's got an agenda and he
doesn't really care he knows he can ride
the personality the cult of personality
of Donald Trump and as a result see
through his agenda he's already doing
that you saw him on the morning
television shows this
morning flacking this and again riding
the charm of as Johnny says making fun
of himself and making fun of the process
but and all of a sudden that softens the
hard edges associated with these tax
cuts for the rich and he essentially
rode on that as I say through this
propaganda machine of the morning shows
and that's what he is really trying to
do so I agree I I don't find anything
charming about all this I find it it
softens what is a was a really toxic
dialogue going on yeah and like you say
he has an agenda and when it comes to
the actual laws that are passed or not
passed he can and has provided a
counterbalance in some cases some of the
worst instincts of Donald Trump but
that's not the only role he should hold
I mean he could hide if he wants to
that's his right I guess but he's also
one of the most powerful men in the
country you know one of it like if
there's some sort of disaster he's not
that far off the presidency himself and
so when Donald Trump is doing things
like talking about possibly clamping
down the First Amendment rights of media
outlets or or accusing the FBI of
colluding with Russia to attack him like
when he's doing those things when he's
attacking these these core institutions
of American democracy well like you're
the sort of person that can speak up
about that if not Paul Ryan who at this
point I think a lot of these efforts I
was watching him this morning thinking
to myself boy this guy's really making a
I think a play for being president
you know if should the nation survive to
the point that he could actually make a
run for it and he does it by watering
all of these issues down by not
commenting or by joking doing well you
know I didn't see that he was offered to
offer a transcript of the president's
remarks from the New York Times as well
you know what I really don't read the
New York Times I mean there was a sense
of really you don't reality you may
consider it biased but but I I think a
transcript of the president certainly
there's no bias there I guess what I'm
trying to say is you just he's begun to
soften himself stay clear of the stuff
that's really bad from Trump right and
by doing that I think create an image
that is associated with a bigger
political aspiration here as well look
he can try but the damage that Trump is
doing to the Republican brand I mean I
know that that seems comical at this
point but he is and there is still
something to be damaged there that
damage continues and Paul Ryan may find
out that when he runs for president and
and he's been down this road before he's
just such a terrible candidate but even
if he wasn't that the base he expects to
be there is going to become a far worse
thing after years of the undiluted
effect of Donald Trump just the one
thing that I found really difficult
about the thing last night too is I find
Paul Ryan to be so unbearably smarmy
that it's really hard for him to do
comedy I think effectively because of
just his tone and they didn't though the
way that he just approaches everything
it almost sounds like not a joke at all
and yeah it's just I don't know how
somebody that smart make you do comedy
yeah well why don't we why don't we see
just a little bit more next topic is
going to be some of the tweets I
personally learned so much in Congress
for example I learned that tweeting
after midnight is a really bad idea
whether you're president Trump or
especially Anthony Weiner
or Ted Cruz for that matter you have to
remind me I do remember what was it that
Ted Cruz did Reese no I didn't get the
turn
oh I count liked like light but likes
are public you can see it yeah now again
for the most part like look Anthony
Weiner obviously like it's a little bit
easier to joke since he's actually been
punished which is rare in Washington how
the Ted Cruz thing is fun but the Donald
Trump thing like yes we can all joke
haha he tweets tweets crazy stuff late
in the night
but that stuff matters that stuff could
theoretically get us into a war maybe
you should take it a little bit more
seriously yeah by the way they did
everything but circle a mob with torches
on the Weiner thing and yet we can now
make a joke about it either you think
it's a super serious thing involving a
minor and an asexual sexually explicit
or certainly suggestive of photograph
that's sent to that minor either you
think that's so important that you want
to go on a jihad about it which is what
they did and then you can't joke about
it or you don't think it's that
important and you can joke about it but
you can't have it both ways they really
did that they drove that and especially
during the election as you know that
those references to Weiner and his and
really who he was and his and his
character flaws and they were they I
guess what I'm saying is that that joke
or joke that reference really landed
cold for me I know struck me remember
the play-by-play guy the other night now
Michaels had to apologize for Harvey
Weinstein jealous true and so and yet
you can get away with a joke about some
guy who sent to suggest sexually
suggestive photograph to a minor sorry
don't buy it yeah and by the way like
the other angle of that is if you're
going to imply like look at what Anthony
we're did we can't have somebody with
you know the the weird perversions that
he has in a high office but Donald
Trump's cool let's not worry about his
history of sexual harassment sexual
assault
again we references a little bit earlier
but he Paul Ryan could have come out
much more strongly against like let
alone all
of the other the women that came forward
I mean there were any number of
different times when people could have
attacked Donald Trump or held him to
account for what he's done but
especially the Access Hollywood video
they you can't act as if what Anthony
Weiner did just strikes to the core of
your morals but you're totally fine with
Donald Trump being president if they
were ringing a bell for every double
standard here there would be a guy
behind them just ringing a bell
constantly it's it's a shame anyway
let's go to the next video I think about
one more the truth is the press
absolutely misunderstands and never
records the big accomplishments of the
White House look at all the new jobs
that the president has created just
among the White House staff and when you
read the papers tomorrow everyone's
gonna report this thing differently
Breitbart can lead with Ryan slams the
president amongst liberal Elise New York
Times get a report Ryan
defends the president in a state hillary
won and the president will tweet 300,000
Al Smith dinner cheer mention of my name
now any part of that is again the sort
of joke that a late-night comic might
make but he's not a late-night comic
he's a guy who understands that chaos in
the White House has consequences when
you don't staff dozens upon dozens of
incredibly important government
positions for months at a time even
homeland security went for a long time
without a director and all that these
these are these are not just punch lines
these are consequential and he could put
pressure on Donald Trump to take it more
seriously Trump being willing to lie
about basic facts that everybody
understands that has consequences maybe
he could put pressure on Donald Trump to
be a little bit more wedded to the truth
now I would say all right but it's that
kind of dinner and those jokes are sort
of accepted as part of that kind of that
environment look those jokes are written
by joke writers who all you know serve
that speech up to him and then he just
delivers it yeah it was delivered well
but I'm just saying it's not as though
he sits there and cleverly thinks of all
these lines so in that context I mean
I'm gonna give the guy a little wider
berth but now to John's point and and
it's sort of sorry for not having a
bigger sense of humor about all of this
but we're on the brink of so many
serious issues that it's very hard to
look at this stuff and and laugh the
gutting of the EPA the the brink of war
with with North Korea and beyond I mean
the pulling out of the Iran Accord from
a president who probably couldn't even
tell you what's in in the Iran Accord I
mean there's so the issues are so
serious and you continue it with and the
lack of staffing and State Department of
jobs and all the rest and on and on and
on and on we don't quite have the sense
of humor about all of this stuff that
Ryan is hoping that we would have or or
that I certainly that we can provide on
this panel today yeah I agree
it just has a little bit of the vibe of
like you know they had the the people
who played the violin as a Titanic was
thinking like yeah you could have a
stand-up comic instead of a band but
it's still kind of depressing anyway
yeah I just I wish that he would take
his position a little bit more seriously
like I would be much cooler and have a
better sense of humor with him joking
about these sorts of issues if he was
aggressively out there day after day
trying to protect what's left of him
and democracy and the function of the
government something that he
traditionally has not been particularly
a serious about and by the way just the
last thing he could say if he doesn't
want to disagree with the President on
everything he could pick his battles he
could say well of course I don't believe
in that journalists in this country
should be jailed for you know but I
think that maybe the president meant
some other things to try to give try to
try to soften those edges on the
president's comments but go on record
disagreeing with it
he doesn't even do that qit membership
gets you commercial free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
