well let me seem that every woman on
your newsfeed has come out with her own
me to story in the wake of the Harvey
Weinstein scandal some women have advice
for other women as to how to avoid
sexual harassment or sexual abuse and
that's to stop asking for it with the
way that you dress according to
representative Eddie Bernice Johnson who
is a Democrat in Texas she said that she
grew up in a time when it was as much
the woman's responsibility as it was a
man's how you were dressed what your
behavior was I'm from the old school
that you can have behaviors that appear
to be inviting it can be interpreted as
such that's the responsibility I think
of the female she then goes on to say I
think we also need to start talking
about the power that women have to
control the situation there's law
enforcement you can refuse to cooperate
with that kind of behavior I think that
many times men get away with this
because they are allowed to get away
with it by the women and this isn't the
only woman that's come out with some
rhetoric like this in fact if you
remember last week Big Bang theories
Mayim Bialik wrote an op-ed for the New
York Times now I I will say disclaimer
that she has apologized for it since
but in that op-ed she writes I have
decided that my sexual self is best
reserved for private situations with
those I am most intimate with I dress
modestly I don't act flirtatiously with
men as a policy and this was her going
on to explain why she herself has not
been sexually assaulted and another
woman who has also apologized profusely
Donna Karen during an interview said you
look at everything all over the world
today and how women are dressing and
what they are asking by just presenting
themselves the way they do what are they
asking for trouble
so Before we jump into I think some of
the specifics of these quotes and how
messed up they are and how they
illustrate how in
grayned some of these power dynamics and
sexist beliefs and victim-blaming are in
our society and in our culture I would
just like to say for for all the women
and for all the men out there it doesn't
not matter how naked you are or how
revealing your address or how sexual you
are that is not providing consent to
touch my body that is not providing
consent to abuse my body that is not
providing consent to make salacious
comments about my body and so for these
women to perpetuate these old-school
beliefs that were effed up then and are
effed up now is really disappointing but
it shows you how ingrained even in women
these sorts of ideals and these sorts of
notions can become and have become I
mean yes the the Eddie Redmayne Johnson
whatever her name is Eddie Bernice
Johnson yes Eddie Redmayne was an actor
yes really talented actor he's
essentially just saying yeah guys rape
you know they rape and it's in there
they do it
and if you don't want them to rape you
just wear a sweater like that's what
she's saying uh-huh
and that's Meza what I think are you
trying to wade through for the sensical
thing in the nonsensical thing so
there's two different there's like the
the way things are and handling that and
then there should be eight let's get to
the way things should be and whatever i
hear the the way that women i know deal
with the way things are it makes me
really sad yes a friend Olivia it lived
in San Francisco and every day like the
way she would walk around in San
Francisco she'd have to wear a hoodie
sunglasses and headphones even though
she wasn't listening to anything yeah so
she could pretend not to hear it but
you'll also have to be self aware in
case someone does try to have your head
down because you have to be listening
for what's going on around you I mean
when you think about the cognitive
resources that you use on a daily basis
as a woman to avoid any sort of sexual
harassment any sort of sexual assault it
is absurd like I could walk you through
my day like I didn't go for a run this
morning outside because it got light
later in the day you know what I mean is
yes I'm making that taking that
protective measure because that's the
reality of the world that we live in but
if god forbid something was gonna happen
wall is on a run for anybody to say well
you shouldn't have run in the dark like
a few like I should be able to do that
unfortunately I'm not able to do that
and I made the choice not to do that but
then like there's not a single day that
like I have parked not in the you know
parking lot of our studio have parked
around the blockers make that every
single time I parked around the block
I've been harassed without fail without
fail my wife doesn't go to the beach
alone she doesn't because she can't just
because of and it's it's like I don't
know it's not even like it's connected
with like ace necessarily with like the
desire of a guy to have sex with her
it's just this this weird presumption
that you just can I could just yell at
her mm-hmm I don't like it there's also
this thing about like a lot of folks
have said like you know you don't need a
daughter to have to say like oh you know
I have a daughter so now I can speak
with it but they're folks who go after
that person my response is I don't care
how you got there just I don't care if
it took having a daughter I don't care
if it hat you took having a wife right
it shouldn't it shouldn't take having a
daughter is what human would just get
there let's all get there Eddie
representative Johnson get there yeah I
and I just really quick I just want to
talk about a few things within her her
statement talking about law enforcement
there's a ton of reasons why women don't
go to law enforcement because oftentimes
not believed they're oftentimes
intimidated they're oftentimes if you're
full of retaliation you can refuse to
cooperate with that kind of behavior
yeah of course you can refuse to
cooperate but if you listen to the
Harvey Weinstein tape you can hear him
coerce so you can hear her trying to
refuse also there's this
called rape where people force
themselves upon you and so even if
you're refusing to cooperate it still
can happen to you yeah I've found myriad
ways to sexually harass women that don't
kind of fit into this box of what we
understand as rape right with the
Weinstein case in terms of like
masturbating in the room while they're
you know there there are a number of
ways in which you can assault my
personhood that don't you know fit into
this framework of what we understand as
rape you know and they're having a hard
time prosecuting a lot of these cases
because we have a narrow definition of
what sexual assault is and just to the
earlier point I think women already
understand the undue burden of like self
protection so I think these op eds from
Miriam and this statement from AI
Bernice's is just problematic and very
much disconnected from a progressive
gender politic Miriam is interesting
because we see that this gem blossom
because we see this generational
detachment right so Bernice is 50s and
here were you ain't there's modern time
and she's kind of espousing some of the
same beliefs that this woman a
generation before her it's the same
argument well and I think some of that I
mean as she goes into the article she
goes in the op-ed that she learned that
from her parents and I do think that
comes from the generation prior remember
I was on a field trip when I was in
eighth grade and I was on a field trip
with my class and this man came and
groped me and I told the teacher because
I was terrified as a what a
thirteen-year-old yeah and she was like
well you are wearing shorts that's what
I was told
as an eighth grader that I was wearing
oh well you you decided to wear shorts
like no that's not what we should be
telling young girls that is so beyond
messed up and we need to move past that
as a society really the messaging to
what boys need to learn what men need to
learn about women's bodies and their
access to women's bodies so that women
are consistently problematized for just
being for just existing and making
choices yeah I mean that's that's what
she's saying is like oh you can refuse
to cooperate it's like no like I go
my day I'm not doing anything I'm calm
I'm consistently harassed on sexually
harassed on Twitter and on my histogram
I'm not cooperating with that right you
don't even live in my own business yeah
you don't even have to physically be in
the space to be sexualized right so
again this is a nuanced conversation
that we need to nuance our thoughts
about how we approach it because it's a
ridiculous this arcane notion that you
know my skirt was too short so bill came
on to me it's like this is no that's not
you know holy how sexual harassment and
assault operates yeah people are
assaulted in short skirts and they're
assaulted in ski suits unfortunately
that's just how it happens
if you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm /join
