who would have thought that I would be
applauding a speech from George W Bush
for its bravery for its correct
description of America and its ideals
Wow the world is topsy-turvy so this is
fascinating for a number of reasons he
never mentioned the word Donald Trump
but his speech on Thursday clearly
directed against Donald Trump and in
very strong words this is a former
Republican president listening we've
seen our discourse degraded by casual
cruelty at times it could seem like the
forces pulling us apart are stronger
than the forces binding us together
argument turns too easily into animosity
disagreement escalates into
dehumanization too often we judge other
groups by their worst examples while
judging ourselves by our best intentions
for getting the image of God we should
see in each other we've seen nationalism
distorted into nativism forgotten the
dynamism that immigration is always
brought to America we see a fading
confidence in the value of free markets
and international trade forgetting that
conflict instability and poverty follow
in the wake of protectionism we've seen
the return of isolationist sentiments
forgetting that American security is
directly threatened by the chaos and
despair of distant places where threats
such as terrorism infectious disease
criminal gangs and drug trafficking tend
to emerge in all these ways we need to
recall and recover our own identity
Americans have great advantage to renew
our country we only need to remember our
values Wow and it's about you about to
get much tougher as well but lots of
tough words already in there when he
starts talking about bullying and how it
leads to casual cruelty gee I wonder who
he's referring to when he talks about
isolationist sentiments that is clearly
Donald Trump then he said nationalism
distorted into nativism now this is the
same
language that john mccain used just a
couple of days ago when talking about
the movement from the 1930s at turn
nativist and turned inward and against
immigrants and george bush they're
talking about for the dynamism
immigration has always brought to
america so this is clearly broadsides
against donald trump but he probably
won't respond on twitter so we'll see
how that goes no Trump response yet but
Bush has got more where that came from
and I never thought I'd miss this guy
not in a million years that I think I'd
miss him and yes he still looks goofy
but the words are important and he's and
it's I super glad that he came out to
give this speech he gave a speech at the
same place that Obama also gave a speech
in September also warning about the same
themes also not mentioning Donald Trump
my favorite part of the clip you just
saw was when he talked about forgetting
the image of God we should see in each
other saying don't be cruel to one
another and don't don't go in a
direction of bigotry but more clear
words from Bush here we need to renewed
emphasis on civic learning and schools
and our young people need positive role
models bullying and Prejudice in our
public life sets a national tone
provides permission for cruelty and
bigotry and compromises the moral
education of children the only way to
pass along Civic values is to first live
up to them damn talking about bullying
is cruel cruel and leets of bigotry
these same themes as McCain remember
corker came out and started speaking out
against Donald Trump I think there is a
movement afoot here and now understand
Bush is out of office McCain is not
gonna run for reelection neither is
corker these are the guys who have been
liberated to say things that are true
and are not tied to the Republican base
as much anymore not tied to the donors
as much anymore
the donors still looking forward to
those giant tax cuts the Trump is
promising but there are apparently some
same voice in the Republican Party
saying we have to act and perhaps act in
unison that I think is the most
interesting part but one more great clip
from here from Bush who would have
thought I would have said that's that
this on The Young Turks but anyway here
watch our identity as a nation unlike
many other nations is not determined by
geography or ethnicity by soil or blood
being an American involves the embrace
of high ideals and civic responsibility
this means that people of every race
religion ethnicity can be fully and
equally American it means that bigotry
or white supremacy in any form is
blasphemy against the American creed
blasphemy against the American creed god
bless you george w bush Wow Wow
the world is so insane right now that
Bush is the voice of reason Bush used to
be the crazy right-wing now he's trying
to count the country down and say wait
wait wait
turns out it gets way crazier and we
cannot allow and encourage this kind of
white supremacy we cannot give it room
it is blasphemy against the American
creed III read the whole John McCain
speech from a couple of days ago these
are very similar themes America is not
about blood and soil it's about an idea
look I mean they sound like me I'm sure
that they don't know that don't get me
wrong but that I I love the American
idea I think that's what we need to
defend and for these Republicans to turn
around and say that the guy in charge
down George Bush did not come out to
give a random speech about bigotry and
white supremacy and how bad it is for
America and nationalism an atavism
out of a thin blue air he didn't do it
as you know as a broadside against a
random congressman no he is clearly as
John McCain was talking about Donald
Trump so I wonder if there is something
we don't know within Republican circles
cuz that's three strikes that is three
different people all seeing the same
tune and it is possible that Republican
leaders have looked around and said this
guy is totally unstable and and we can't
say that publicly because our base will
rip us apart but we've got to go find
leaders in our party who can say it
publicly so here comes corker comes
McCain here comes George W Bush and I
don't think we've seen the last of it
what little conscious the Republican
Party has might be acting out here and
of course don't expect the courage of
Republicans who are up for re-election
to actually show up if that does that
miss Trump is already done they're not
going to say anything
unless they've already decided that
they're done with him and that would be
a huge moment but at least for them to
send out these elders of the party and
people not going to face the voters of
the donors anymore and to say the Trump
is heading us towards bigotry white
supremacy nativism and that we should
not go down that road we should protect
the idea of America that is a giant
turning point and yes for that I will
give old adversaries John McCain even
bob Corker and even george w bush a
world of credit watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it any way you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
