a district judge in Las Vegas is facing
some backlash after on multiple
occasions she said that she would be
more lenient with people convicted of
crimes if they follow through with their
probation order and voted for Trump okay
so let me give you the exact details of
what she said the judge is Susan Johnson
she is from Las Vegas and according to
two transcripts that were obtained by
the Nevada independent this district
court judge told to defendants pleading
guilty to felony charges if they follow
through on all of the terms of their
plea agreements they might be able to
vote in the next election specifically
for Trump's re-election so let me give
you the two specific examples that were
reported about at a July 18th sentence
hearing or sentencing hearing Johnson
told defendant Gregory Gosselin that who
was pleading guilty to battery with use
of a deadly weapon that she would
suspend a minimum term of 28 months in
state prison and allow him to serve
probation for two years instead if he
followed the terms and conditions of his
probation he could be honorably
discharged and able to vote in quote
plenty of time for the 2020 election
he'll she also said that way your civil
rights would be restored and you would
have plenty of time to vote for mr.
Trump on the next election okay exactly
a week later she also told a defendant
by the name of Reed Anthony Morris who
was pleading guilty to attempted
burglary something similar but if you do
everything I tell you to do you've got
an opportunity to do some great things
and possibly depending on the time you
might be able to vote for Trump in the
next presidential election let's stop
for a second there are laws for good
reason
preventing judges from doing this judges
are not supposed to pass down sentences
or make rulings in any type of
politically biased way they are not
supposed to pressure anyone to vote in a
certain way again there are laws against
this and so after it was written about
she was like I was
just joking this roach up trying to be
humorous it's not a big deal except it
is a big deal okay there's an imbalance
of power you are a judge who is this
determining the fate of these
individuals and when you talk about oh
and then you can vote for Trump
that's essentially pressuring them to
vote for your candidate of choice yeah
if it turns out that she's progressive
and was actually joking I'd say don't do
that that's a really bad joke and as a
judge
they have no idea you're joking they
might take it seriously it's just
improper completely but if we were to
find out that she was a conservative who
voted for Trump then where's the joke
there's no joke so her voting record is
sealed right and you know that that's a
privacy issue that I'm supportive of we
shouldn't have to know who someone voted
for however we do know that she made one
political donation and it was for
someone on the right so let's go to
graphic 30 her only state or federal
political donation is $500 to a group
called leadership PAC and it was in 2014
the PAC is registered to Dave McKean a
former Clark County Republican Party
Chairman and current Republican
candidate for Congress Oh
so it turns out she likes the right wing
and thinks that everybody should vote
for Trump that's so funny yeah that's
not a joke and it's wildly improper but
to me the most important part of this is
and look I think the criminal justice
than we have in America is way too
draconian in the first place and I
hesitated criticizing any judge that
actually is not your own e'en but taking
away a 28 month prison sentence for
assault and battery with a deadly weapon
and it was a minimum mandatory minimum
so I didn't even think that you could
take away mandatory minimums but somehow
you were gonna vote for Trump you can so
she took that away from him and and then
said make sure you vote for Trump no by
the way I mean just think about it even
if that's not improper as she was gonna
do that anyway and now we don't know by
the way that's part of the reason it's
improper because we're not sure why
you're making the decision you're making
up
based on your politics or because you
really thought he shouldn't have to go
to prison for that okay
but even if you were gonna make that
decision anyway I mean how could you not
think that that guy just thinks oh my
god I just got away with 28 month prison
sentence that I would have served for an
assault with a deadly weapon and she
told me to vote for Trump but that was
the deal
there's no laugh track it wasn't in the
middle of a sitcom no he thinks that's
the deal so there were there were other
instances where defense attorneys
witnessed similar comments that she made
and I want to give you a quote from one
of those criminal defense attorneys and
this is following her defense indicating
that she was just joking so uh Joel man
says I did not take her comments at the
time as a joke I was shocked about what
I was hearing and couldn't believe what
that she said that so look it didn't
come off as a joke even if she meant it
as a joke and and regardless you're not
supposed to say those things as a judge
you keep politics out of your ruling you
keep politics out of your sentencing
process there are policies in regard to
this for good reason and you know you
saying that it was just a joke is not
good enough again there's a huge power
imbalance there you are a judge
determining determining the fate of
these individuals and it's essentially
pressuring them to do something that
they may not want to do remember the
defense attorney is thrilled that she's
knocking down the sentence right so he
should be on her side but he's like what
did you just say now it doesn't mean
that they actually have to vote for
Trump we all realize that you be like
all right sucker great thanks for
getting me out of jail no I'm not voting
for Trump but the very act of saying
that as a judge is as I think you've got
by now obviously improper if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network comm /join
