Treasury secretary Steve minuchin is now
changing his mind in regard to tax cuts
for the wealthy on various occasions he
made clear that during the process of
tax reform which we all know isn't
really tax reform it's just tax cuts he
would avoid allowing the rich to benefit
from any tax cuts whatsoever it was
referred to as the minuchin rule but he
has since softened his tone in regard to
the wealthiest earners and now he has
done a complete reversal now before we
get to his complete reversal let's hear
what he had to say back in November
after the election in regard to these
tax cuts duck shion's we have an upper
income taxes will be offset by less
deductions so that there will be no tax
absolute tax cut for the upper-class
there will be a big tax cut for the
middle class but any tax cuts we have
for the upper class will be offset by
less deductions that's other day for it
when we work with Congress and we go
through this it'll be very clear this is
a middle-income tax cut so you know if
you are paying attention to the debates
and any developments in regard to these
tax plans that the GOP is rolling out
it's clear that there is a lot less
emphasis on deductions a lot of emphasis
on a smaller amount of tax brackets
which would essentially cut taxes for
the wealthy let's keep it real and
anytime there's any discussion about
getting rid of deductions it never has
to do with corporate tax loopholes
usually they focus primarily on possibly
getting rid of the mortgage interest
deduction that the middle class gets to
enjoy and so I knew he was lying there
but here is some evidence to show that I
was right here is a statement that he
made just recently what is the best way
to go about convincing people that this
is not a tax cut for the wealthy and
corporations at the expense of middle
income Americans let me just comment you
know the top 20% of the people pay 95
percent of the taxes the top 10% of the
people pay 81 percent of the taxes so
when you're cutting taxes
across the board it's very hard not to
give tax cuts to the wealthy with tax
cuts to the middle class that the math
just given how much you're collecting is
is hard to do it's so hard not to give
tax cuts to the rich what could he do he
wanted to but he just it's just a matter
of math now but wait a minute you are
the same Steve minuchin there back in
November said oh no it's easy we can
just take away deductions from the rich
so even though their tax rate is going
down their overall amount of taxes will
be the same because we're taking away
the deductions that they use now when
you're actually going to implement the
plan you go just kidding not take me
away the deductions just giving them a
giant tax cut instead now what is the
reality he called it a middle tax a
middle income tax cut before today Gary
Cohen is still talking these the
National Economic Council director for
Trump said the wealthy are not getting a
tax cut under our plan now you want to
know the reality Tax Policy Center says
that by 2027 the wealthiest 1% of
Americans would get 80 percent of the
benefits of these tax cuts the top 1%
gets 80 percent of the tax cuts well
there was nothing we could do I mean we
wanted to give it to the middle class so
they just wouldn't take it so whatever
god I guess we're gonna give it to the
rich almost all of it Oh Steve minuchin
are you among the rich golly gee there
was nothing I could do
Gary Cohen who used to run goldman sachs
are you part of the rich i do gets up in
the top 1% what a break how about you
Trump how about everyone in the cabinet
what a lucky break they're gonna get 80%
of the tax cuts you know look they
wanted to give it to the middle class
they just couldn't figure out how by the
way I can tell you how it's not that
complicated you can cut the payroll tax
the payroll tax is just for the middle
class because when once you get to a
certain number a little bit about
$100,000 the rich stop paying the
payroll tax that's the fun Social
Security and Medicare right you can cut
the payroll tax what did they do instead
they keep increasing the payroll tax
because they're redistributing the money
to the top so if you're middle-class and
by the way recently Cohn and Manu China
acknowledge yet what the deductions were
taking away middle class might have
their taxes increased
horse of course why would anyone think
for even a second that they would look
out for your best interest if you're
part of the middle class or the working
class I mean Trump is so open and honest
he's so transparent about his disdain
for the middle class and for the poor he
himself said that he wouldn't want
anyone who's poor working in his cabinet
he only wants wealthy people working in
his cabinet
how much I mean in the in the past he
said that golf should be reserved for
the wealthy it is a wealthy sport like
he has shown time and time again that he
has utter disdain for people who are not
wealthy why would he look out for you
he's a he's a con artist okay he has
conned the voters and and that's the
thing that that drives me crazy
he's working so aggressively to
dismantle any and all protections that
you have under the Affordable Care Act
your premiums are gonna go up because of
what Trump is currently doing right now
and because of the uncertainty in the
market what he's doing right now with
taxes it's gonna hurt the middle class
and not only in the form of you know how
much they're gonna end up paying in
taxes but also in the services and the
goods and services that they rely on
those things are going to get cut and
you know we talk about the middle class
here and how their taxes are gonna go up
and the richest taxes are gonna go down
because apparently there's nothing they
could do about it but also yesterday on
the program I talked about how they're
gonna punish the poor so Earned Income
Tax Credit goes to poor and middle class
ranging from about 23,000 to 56,000 or
so and then and after that you you don't
get any Earned Income Tax Credit it's
for the working poor you can't get it if
you're not working okay so what did the
Republicans announce they're gonna do a
crackdown on people that they claim are
committing fraud at the Earned Income
Tax Credit most experts say actually
most of it is honest mistakes but even
if you knew the crackdown it turns out
and this is what drives me crazy about
the Democrats it was already in a
terrible situation the IRS was
committing one third of all their
resources cracking down on people making
less than twenty five thousand a year
which they got almost no return from
because they paints like they they're in
such bad shape
what are you gonna get back from them $5
$35 at most and they leave the rich
alone when the rich just as a matter of
percentages and raw numbers when they
come in through out front and I'm not
saying they're more fraudulent than any
other part of the bracket although I
asked you to do a study on that I'd be
fascinated to see how it came out well
you would get a lot more return back
into the Treasury but and what did Trump
and the Republicans announce they're
gonna actually they said we're not
spending enough money cracking down on
the poor so they're gonna do a new round
of crackdowns on people making less than
$25,000 and if they strip the Earned
Income Tax Credit far away from them
taxes on the poor also go up so taxes on
the poor tax on the middle class go up
taxes on the rich go down there's
nothing they can do about it it's just
math that's what can they do the poor
guys they tried well it turns out they
got to take money from you and put it
into their own pockets help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm /join
