Jim Baker is a disgraced televangelist
he's disgraced because he has spent time
in prison for accounting fraud and he
also paid a woman $279,000 in hush money
after he allegedly raped her so yeah not
a great guy and he used to make a ton of
money off of being a televangelist but
then he said that he hates prosperity
gospel preachers and he thinks that
they're frauds ironic and now he somehow
miraculously is a televangelist again
after spending nearly five years in
prison and he says he's not scamming
people he's just selling them doomsday
food for when the apocalypse happens oh
I didn't know he was running a legit
business now Ana okay oh so he's a
reformed I see well because when the
doomsday comes you're gonna need the
protein shakes you're gonna need the
protein shakes you're gonna need those
underground bunkers all right so why is
he in the news today well apparently
some people are ruffling his feathers
and he's tired of it he's tired of
people watching him he's tired of people
mocking him and so he's got some strong
words for you okay let's take a look
even Satan and donkeys talk to God the
only ones are primarily talking to God
these days are some mean people in
America and people who just are Anti
Christ if you don't want to hear it just
shut me off especially you folks that
monitor me every day to try to destroy
me would you just go away you don't have
to be there you don't have to hear it
but one day you're gonna shake your fist
in God's face and you're gonna say God
why didn't you warn me and he's gonna
say you sat there and you made fun of
Jim Baker all those years I warned you
but you didn't listen I'm visualizing it
like God why didn't you
warned me he's gonna mention Jim Baker
that's what's gonna happen Jim Baker Wow
well you murdered seven people and ate
their body parts plus you were mean to
Jim Baker or you're a wonderful human
being you help the poor the needy just
like Jesus told you but you were mean to
Jim Baker
sorry hell it is God why didn't you warn
me the most amazing part about all of
this is that even after everything that
he's done in the past people people are
still into him yeah I know they still
give money it's amazing it's amazing so
I mean how do you listen to any of that
Oh God well easily but even donkeys talk
to God s Rose go
donkeys talk to God no but my favorite
was woman in the background oh yeah
uh-huh that's true
donkey start to God that's true I saw it
on did on Shrek they'll start to drag
his fall in love with him sometimes I
saw it my own eyes donkeys talk to God
and notice by the way the people who
monitor him he's like I didn't even know
he existed I know it's kind of funny
that like he feels like he's under
attack yeah he's like don't monitor me
why if you're not doing anything wrong
what difference does it make if they
were monitoring you so it's just that
you got another viewer try to sell him a
protein shake
okay anyway he's like even Saint list as
a god but though people who are
monitoring him are worse his Satan
because they're mean to Jim Baker or
means a joke it's only thing one thing
worse than Satan that's trolling Jim
Baker
they're not even trolling him all they
do so those right-wing watching and
whoever else he's referring to they just
put up clips of him and then we all
laugh that's it but here's the thing if
look if laughing at Jim Baker if there
was truth behind what he said and one
day after the apocalypse I will be face
to face with God himself
and he tells me you're gonna go to hell
and burn in eternal damnation because
you were mean to Jim Baker I feel like
it's worth it
you know what if I fight I love what
you're saying it's true like I'm in the
afterlife and all of a sudden I see
donkey song to God and we be like fuck
it color me surprised didn't see that
coming
okay no no you were right I was wrong
there's talking donkeys they're talking
to God and God is really pissed about
what I said about Jim Baker he's gonna
play this audio that's right on that day
when we're confronted by him he's gonna
be like you remember when you said this
when you said it was worth it to
criticize Jim Baker and yeah and you
know look last thing real just folks I
love you guys but really how do you
believe this stuff okay so I there's so
many parts of the stories I can't
understand you're you're talking to God
and you're shaking your fist at him if I
if I saw God I but my bad my bad dude I
didn't know I didn't know I wouldn't be
like God let me tell you something about
you and you're talking donkeys very
angry and there's no fish shaking okay
and and so like like you know Moses
splits the Red Sea and the raining frogs
and all that stuff they wander in the
desert for a while to be fair it was
quite some time and then they're like on
a Moses bullshit he split the Red Sea
okay he rained frogs on people he you
know he had God kill the firstborn King
their sons I know yeah yeah now buying
it right I shake my fist that you got
TYT membership gets you commercial free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
