well I've been worried lately that the
Republican Party is going nuts I that
they've lost their mind well we might
have further confirmation of that what
other candidates might have to actually
conduct her campaign from an insane
asylum its Bettina Rodriguez Aguilera
she is running in Florida for the
retiring Republican seat representative
Elena Ross Lathan and she's been in
Congress for quite some time she's
leaving and and there's to be fair
there's a lot of people that are looking
to replace her including several other
Republicans but boy have we got an
interesting story about Bettina she did
an interview a series of interviews
actually and in the interviews Rodriguez
Aguilera claims she was taken at the age
of seven by three tall blond space
people who have communicated with her
telepathically at times since that's
very interesting I wonder what they're
saying and I am interested to find out
that aliens are blonde I thought that
was just Jesus actually which would now
brings us to this
she said the aliens reminded her of the
Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de
Janeiro of course they did so there's
that statue of you have never seen it
okay that is the sound effect that I
just did okay so apparently the aliens
look like Jesus of course they do
who else would they look like could you
imagine she grew up Christian what a
wonderful coincidence that the aliens
who kidnap her look like Jesus if she
had grown up Muslim they probably would
have looked like Mohammed although no
one knows what he looked like or maybe
Ganesh if she was Hindu but as it turns
and what a lucky break she was born
Christian and the aliens look like Jesus
wonderful break okay she explains
further I went in there were some round
seats that were there and some quartz
rocks that controlled the ship not like
airplanes of course I mean what else
would you run an alien ship with other
than quartz rocks hello McFly okay
and yeah there's this one part that I
actually disagree with though disagree
with I don't know what they hate it's
like okay but she said God is a
universal energy
not a person it's in everything well
okay I mean that's the basis for a lot
of the world's religions or if sects of
different religions Taoism Sufi ISM
transcendentalism here in America my
favorite and so that's not an outrageous
comment but what part I don't understand
his guy's not a person but he's blond
and looks like Jesus okay mmm
interesting final quote for you guys
she says God talks to people and they
understand it in different ways
but there's only one religion okay so
they came millions maybe billions of
miles away in their quartz rock ships
and they said you're never gonna believe
this
in the other galaxies that one guy you
guys have on this tiny little planet in
this galaxy that was born in this tiny
area in near Bethlehem and never talked
about anything outside of that tiny
little area never mentioned the
indonesians the Filipinos of Amazon's
never in any of that stuff never
mentioned to other galaxies never talked
about us the blond quartz rock aliens
but famo it turns out he is the son of
God well it looked to be fair bailey's
landed and said you know what our bad
yeah the Prophet doesn't come from us
God doesn't care about any of the
galaxies in the universe and that's why
he never talked about it he only cares
about you guys hearing you were special
people especially the children of Israel
that they are the chosen people as the
Old Testament explains
okay then I'll say my bad man my bad to
blond Jesus I didn't see that coming or
perhaps she's insane what are the other
not quite sure but in the old days she
would have been run out of town
nowadays the president's crazy so people
like all right maybe she'll win well
this much at least we know and we found
one Republican who loves illegal aliens
unless they brought documents I'd be
surprised well you never know help us
fill the independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm /join
