recently Isis that our raid on some of
our Green Berets in the country of Niger
in in Africa and it turned out
disastrously unfortunately for our guys
for us soldiers were killed Donald Trump
in a press conference today was asked
about that let's show you his answer
personal letters they been sent or
they're going out tonight but they were
in during the weekend I will at some
point during the day period of time call
the parents and the families because I
have done that traditionally I have
written them or about to write them they
might go out tonight you know there is
he didn't write them they might go out
tonight was so did you write them or did
you not write them because if you
already wrote them then why wouldn't
they be definitely going out tonight or
have gone out earlier now you might say
well look Jake it just happened it
didn't it happened on October 7th he's
had plenty of time to write those
letters or make those calls
he just didn't because he's lazy and he
doesn't care by the way if you're
wondering what in the world actually
happened there because it's gotten such
a little press coverage
well CNN did a good job of covering it
here in this particular case so give
them credit for that and they explained
here the CN NS talked to a half a dozen
US officials who described details of
the chaos and confusion which led to the
troops being left on the ground for
nearly an hour before help could get to
the remote area of southwestern Nigeria
where they were operating wait that
sounds a lot like Benghazi where there
was confusion on the ground it took too
long to get there and four Americans
died man that is as close to a fact
pattern on Benghazi as you could
possibly imagine almost no word from the
media but again credit to CNN there for
doing that story and the question being
asked today in the press conference but
very little coverage since October 7th
and Trump has said not one word about it
and that apparently has not reached out
to the families either the Democrats and
their usual silence haven't said a word
now if that had happened under Obama
they would have already been 12
investigations launched by the
Republicans so I just want to show you
the soldiers we lost their four US
soldiers killed by the way two others
wounded it was a gigantic firefight and
we didn't get sergeant Lee David
Johnson's body for another 48 hours
afterwards and no one can explain why I
took so long so that was a tragedy
within a tragedy
so now Trump is gonna go on to explain
no it's okay others were worse than me
what what does that have to do with
anything and of course it's not true
anyway let's show it for you show you
first traditional way if you look at
President Obama and other presidents
most of them didn't make also a lot of
them didn't make calls I like to call
when it's appropriate when I think I'm
able to do it they have made the
ultimate sacrifice so generally I would
say that I like to call I'm going to be
calling them I want a little time to
pass I'm going to be calling them I have
as you know since I've been president I
have wait have you or are you going to
be calling them because you just said
like seven times I'm going to be calling
them and then you said I have been
calling them and you said I like to call
them but obviously in this case you
haven't called them so I don't know how
much you liked it you liked a little a
little time pass why I don't know what
the reasoning behind that is oh you know
your loved one died but I don't want to
call you after you find out maybe you
say hey you know what maybe there's some
logic and now you wait a day or two
let them grieve privately for a second
what's the logic of letting it wait a
week and then longer than a week what
are you gonna call them like two and a
half months later oh by the way you
remember how your son died I just got
around to calling you now there's no
logic in ik he's lazy you didn't want to
do it and then he lies about how other
presidents don't do it now I have the
fax for you on that in a second but
let's watch one last video
I know nobody did no no III was I was
told that he didn't often and a lot of
presidents don't they write letters I do
excuse me Peter I do a combination of
both sometimes it's it's a very
difficult thing to do but I do a
combination of both President Obama I
think probably did sometimes and maybe
sometimes he didn't I don't know that's
what I was told all I can do all I can
do is ask my generals other other
presidents did not call they'd write
letters and some presidents didn't do
anything but I like I like the
combination of I like when I can the
combination of a call and also a little
what I can I mean I normally I can't cuz
I don't really care but I'm going to
smear other presidents and talk tell you
that they didn't do it when I will later
admit I have no idea he just said I
don't know I don't know then why did you
just say that Obama didn't do it and
other presidents didn't do it when you
have no idea by the way I was wrong it
was not October 7 they'd have it on
October 4th okay so it's been 12 days
now almost two weeks and he said I mean
I call him sometimes I did call him in
this case I just waiting for 12 days oh
you guys asked me about it okay fine
I'll go write a letter or something
it's difficult he says in the middle he
says it's difficult oh is this straining
on you I assure you it's a lot more
difficult for the family members so now
let's give you the reality now first
defending george w bush here now look he
started a disastrous war in Iraq and I
think that his actions were despicable
but he did reach out to a lot of people
who were injured there and and lost
loved ones so fair is fair toward the
end of the Bush presidency is Amanda
Turk will explains the Washington Times
reported that Bush quote meant privately
with more than 500 families of troops
killed in action and with more than 950
wounded veterans often during private
sessions so he smeared President Bush
there as well now on to Obama president
this is an Obama spokesperson president
Trump's claim is wrong President Obama
engaged families of the Fallen and
wounded warriors throughout his
presidency through calls letters visits
to section 60 at Arlington
the Walter Reid business to Dover and
regular meetings with gold star families
at the White House and across the
country now of course you might remember
that Donald Trump famously attacked a
gold star family because they were
Muslim and he went after a father of one
of our fallen soldiers he's a despicable
guy and you noticed there that Obama
visited Dover Air Force where
unfortunately the caskets arrived at the
time Donald J Trump lied about it as
well he said quote too busy playing golf
Barack Obama sends form letters with an
electronic signature to the parents of
fallen seals so I it's too much to go
through all the different ways that
that's a lie we do know that in fact he
did go to Dover he did meet with the
family members but Donald Trump never
verifies anything so he tweeted about
that back in the day now the ambush
happened on October 4th that's when we
lost the four soldiers but as I told you
one of them wasn't recover for 48 hours
so they actually landed back in America
their bodies did on October 7th at Dover
so let's go to amanda Terkel at HuffPost
again tell you what Trump was doing that
day Trump was actually playing golf on
October 7th the day one of the soldiers
bodies was returned to Dover Air Force
Base after the Islamic state ambush in
Nitra he hews the Obama were playing
golf and it wasn't true and on his watch
when one of our soldiers came home in a
casket Donald Trump was playing golf he
never talked about it he never made any
public appearances or acknowledgment of
yet another botched mission on his watch
that was a deadliest one on his watch
and he obviously didn't write them
letters or call them and made excuses
and blamed former presidents instead
Donald Trump in a nutshell for you if
you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network
dot-com /join
