colin kaepernick is the guy who started
the protests in NFL by taking a knee to
protest systemic abuse by the police in
this country and racial injustice he is
right not only anecdotally and based on
all the stories that we've covered here
on the actors but based on statistics
african-americans are disproportionately
targeted by police that's not to say
that all police are bad people is to say
that we should all work together to fix
the system which is what he was trying
to draw attention to now as you all know
that protests wound up spreading Donald
Trump attacked because because he
doesn't have a problem with systemic
abuse he actually encourages it he says
remember when we used to take him out on
stretchers and the cops are being too
nice to people and they should bang
their heads against the car doors as
they're bringing them in and all those
things and and because of all the
pressure the NFL owners which are
largely who are largely incredibly
greedy and can't relate to the average
african-american in this country at all
let alone any other players even though
there for a while there they pretended
to take a knee and be in solidarity with
them the guy who did that one of the
guys who did that was Jerry Jones he
turned around then said if you take a
knee going forward we will ban you from
playing in the football games Ross the
owner of the Dolphins that are an
equally reprehensible move and they're
saying we are cowering to Donald Trump
and will punish any player who actually
wants to help fix the system we like the
broken system we like that it
disproportionately attacks
african-americans so don't you dare
protest it now Colin Kaepernick if
you're not a football fan is you see the
top quarterback in the league no but is
he among the top quarterbacks in the
country absolutely if you don't think a
guy who brought his team to the Super
Bowl and it wasn't like he was a Trent
Dilfer his both his passing and his
throwing absolutely brought the 49ers
there and a perfectly reasonable season
last season doesn't belong in the NFL is
not among the top ninety-six
quarterbacks you're not a football fan
it's so stop talking
about it everybody knows he belongs in
the leak everybody that watches football
knows that okay so but they have
continued to block him and not let him
back into the league and and and it's
obvious collusion Tennessee I mean I can
name you almost half of teams in league
Tennessee can't use Colin Kaepernick are
you kidding me
what kind of my joke is that so no no
we've got a quarterback that's gonna fit
into our system better your quarterback
runs already Colin Kaepernick would fit
into that system perfectly look I don't
want to get diverted into an overly you
know football tactics and strategy
conversation here but anyone who watches
football knows that Kaepernick should at
least be a second string quarterback
he's not good enough to be a third
string quarterback on any team what an
absolute joke so he tried it trying to
do it the right way and they wouldn't
let him bang the league so now
Kaepernick is forced to take this next
action which I think could be fantastic
so as think progress reports here on
Sunday
former San Francisco 49ers quarterback
Colin Kaepernick filed a grievance
alleging that the NFL owners are
colluding to keep him unemployed during
the 2017 season now they'll have to
prove that in court hey like I said
anybody who watches football on America
knows that that's absolutely true no one
in their right mind would doubt that
no he's the 97th best quarterback in
America preposterous okay anyway
criminal defense attorney Mark Geragos
Kaepernick's lawyer confirmed the news
in a statement later on Sunday Geragos
said the suit was only filed after quote
after pursuing every possible Avenue
with all NFL teams and their executives
Kaepernick is absolutely right to fight
back with every means he's got I hope he
takes the league for so much money they
could buy a team
anyway this lawsuit could literally be a
game changer as Lindsey Gibbs explains
not just for Kaepernick but for the
labor rights of all NFL players he's
hoping to trigger termination of the
current collective bargaining agreement
which is signed in 2011 and is set to
expire in 2021 by proving that the NFL
at large conspired to keep him out of
the league
so let's talk about the consequences of
that if Kaepernick is successful in his
suit it would force NFL owners to back
to the table in 2018 and that's of
course three years earlier than it they
were planning and give that NFL players
a more powerful bargaining position than
they've had in recent memory
look the NFL has all sorts of special
rules that apply to it doesn't have to
follow the regular rules on monopolies
they get billions of dollars in tax
breaks and all their different cities
that they're in and the list goes on and
on but you know it's one thing that to
allow that it's another thing when they
collude and abuse their power right in
front of everyone where anybody can see
it
so if they're going to do that yeah of
course you should take down a collective
bargaining agreement and of course the
players should have more leverage
they're the ones out there literally
getting brain damage to provide this
entertainment for everyone and to make
billions of dollars for the owners
so it would be wonderfully appropriate
if their endless greed which is what
partly led them to banning Kaepernick in
the first place cost them billions of
dollars in money that would be wonderful
as again Gibbs explains that Think
Progress if he can provide clear and
convincing evidence one act of collusion
against one player would be enough to
terminate the collective bargaining
agreement and did any of this work
anyway like they punished the hell out
of Kaepernick cost some millions of
dollars and won't let him back in the
league and play the game that he loves
so our is nobody taking a knee anymore
have they gotten the message that they
better bow their head and only provide
entertainment and never have an opinion
of their own never exercise their
freedom of speech like any other
American no it hasn't worked in reality
as you all know hundreds of other NFL
players have taken a knee or raised a
fist in solidarity with a movement in
the years since as have hundreds upon
hundreds of grade school high school and
college students around the country and
in fact German soccer team just did it
in unity
african-american players here in the US
which was a wonderful moment of saying
we're with you both in Germany and in
the u.s. we don't want systemic abuse of
minorities and they are fighting back
now was started with Kaepernick and on
week one when spread to other players on
week two last year has spread to 30 San
Francisco 49ers players and and
thousands of more across the world now
so you can't keep him down you can't
keep his ideas down he's right about
this and we need to fix our system we
need to fix police training in this
country and make it better for all of
our communities all the citizens of
America Kaepernick is an absolute
American Hero for doing that and if he
takes down the collective bargaining
agreement and cost the greedy NFL owners
billions of dollars then wonderful then
he'll be a double hero
go get him Kaepernick he's doing more
outside the league than other
quarterbacks are doing inside the leak
support independent media come join us
at the Young Turks TYT Network comm
/join
