all righty whitey investigates is doing
a series on the Trump tax cuts they like
to call it tax reform we're going to
talk about a part of that right now and
we have some former George W Bush
officials on the record that talked to
TYT and we're going to quote those for
you guys to give you context on whether
tax cuts actually lead to jobs as Trump
administration claims first of all this
story goes back to 2004 because this is
the last time they were thing you were
doing what they call a tax holiday or a
tax repatriation so the reason for this
is that a lot of the major companies
they call themselves corporate America
but they are not they're multinational
corporations they are owned and run by
people from all over the world they have
no allegiance to America whatsoever they
make a lot of money abroad nothing wrong
with that they're supposed to bring the
money back into the country and they
won't because if they do they have to
pay a normal tax rate which is 35% in
this country in reality that nobody
actually pays 35% the effective tax rate
for corporations in America is 22%
because of all the loopholes so they
always say oh my god it's the highest in
the world not true they in reality pay
only 22% but they don't even want to pay
that they didn't want to pay under Bush
they don't want to pay it under Trump
and luckily they bought Congress and
usually the president so they usually
get their way and back then in Oh for
some context from Alex Kane who wrote
this story 40 whitey investigates the
bush plan created a one-year tax holiday
in which corporations could repatriate
overseas profits and pay taxes on them
at a rate of just five point two five
percent so thing about what highway
robbery that is they supposed to ace 35%
but they got a holiday for one year and
they can only pay five and a quarter so
they brought back billions of dollars in
money and at the time a lot of us said
well if you do that once then they're
gonna keep their money abroad all the
time looking for another tax holiday and
here it is another Republican president
and they are considering another tax
holiday because corporations don't want
to pay 35% they don't want to follow the
law they just want a a crony capitalist
who will give them exactly what they
want so they can pay a lower rate than
you
even though they make billions of
dollars in profit okay so now to the
Trump administration Gary Cohen the
National Economic Council director says
we do envision envision imposing a
one-time low tax rate on all overseas
profits which will brings lots of money
back home to the US so yet another tax
holiday they'll bring the taxes all the
way down corporations won't pay their
fair share of taxes they'll move that
tax burden onto the middle class that's
you guys they'll screw you over one more
time but they'll say they're doing it in
service of jobs in fact right now the
administration says that reducing the
corporate tax rate on overseas cash will
boost domestic investment and create
jobs so hence this investigation well
the last time they did a tax holiday in
2004 did it actually create jobs in fact
that bill was called American Jobs
Creation Act now in the bill that had
nothing about jobs
it was just lowering corporate taxes so
multinational corporations were ecstatic
with that bill but did they actually
create the jobs all right let's find out
so even at the time the Treasury said
Kay John Snow and actually reported to
Congress were kidding we're doing
marketing on TV about how it's gonna
create jobs and we called it the
American Jobs Creation Act but in
reality there's a quote from Bush's
Treasury secretary he said he has
concerns regarding the fairness of the
repatriation provision US companies that
do not have foreign operations and have
already paid their full and fair share
of tax will not be able to benefit from
this provision
moreover the Council of Economic
Advisers analysis indicates that the
repatriation provision would not produce
any substantial economic benefits so
they knew all along that they were lying
they knew that they were never gonna
create any benefits for the economy it
was just benefits for multinational
corporations and by the way not for
American companies because as even their
own Treasury secretary admitted if
you're just an American company within
America that bill would not help you 1%
is only for multinational companies that
wanted to bring their their cash back
into the US and didn't want to pay their
fair share of taxes now TYT investigates
has caught up with Harvey Rose
he is the former counsel of economics
chair for the Bush administration so he
was part of the process that led to that
repatriation holiday well here's his
quotes he told TYT when the tax
repatriation holiday was being discussed
within the White House the big issue was
whether it would induce businesses to
invest more and hire more workers in
various meetings the Council of Economic
Advisers argued against this view so
they knew it's not gonna create jobs
that's great propaganda that's great
marketing but it isn't actually gonna
bring you any jobs only the benefits are
gonna go to the executives and cash
buybacks which to be fair helps some
shareholders but doesn't do what it says
it's gonna do so more from Harvey Rosen
here after my CEA colleagues Council of
Economic Advisers Kristen Forbes
returned to MIT she published academic
research which showed that the
repatriation holiday had no discernible
impact on company's investment and
hiring decisions no impact on hiring
decisions they lied to you back then
they're lying to you today in fact let's
give you some context on that a wide
range of studies published after the
2004 repatriation holiday took effect
confirmed the Council of Economic
Advisers predictions that the measure
would not help the US economy those
studies concluded that the tax holiday
did not boost investment or domestic
employment and found that many companies
cut jobs instead because they never had
to follow through on it there was
nothing in the bill that says okay if
you get this tax break then you must
hire American workers there was one
provision in there about how it
shouldn't go to increasing executive pay
which the corporation's laughed and
laughed at Yeah right how in the world
would you know if the increase in
executive pay is because of the tax cut
or because of some other issue that I
made up and guess what
they never enforce that provision on the
record here is not one instance of the
US government saying hey wait a minute
did the executives actually take this
cash and take it home they never
bothered
in force because they never meant it but
that was nice little window dressing
they didn't even bother to put any
enforcement in hey will you guys
actually create jobs in America so they
the corporation's got all the money got
the biggest tax break in the world
and then turn around said well I'm still
making more money outsourcing the jobs
so you guys here in America you're fired
the government's a bunch of you know
losers that I bought I gave them
campaign donations and they gave me a
multi-billion dollar tax break on that
tax break Think Progress had done some
previous work on this the amount of
money that they paid and legalized
bribes
I mean campaign donations and lobbying
money did you put it all together they
got a twenty four thousand percent
return on investment you see the first
time these corporations give to a
politician they're taking a gamble the
second time that you've dual polishes
that means that they got a return on
investment they're like good this guy
will do exactly as we tell him and he
will just give us money and not you know
not looking for the American people at
all and that is exactly what they're
planning with the repatriation tax again
now even Bill Clinton has said several
times and Bush has never corrected him
on this and never said the Clinton is
wrong Bill Clinton has said on many
occasions that I'll give you one quote
here he said Bush got so mad that he
signed the repatriation bill and he said
none of it was reinvested now this is
it's maybe damning with faint praise but
a little bit of credit to george w bush
he really was not very bright and there
would be times where he would say wait
aren't we creating giant deficits and
and Cheney would say to him yeah don't
worry deficits don't matter he said oh
okay I thought we were saying one long
deficits do matter he was a really
stupid guy and he was manipulated by
Cheney and the other guys so they told
him hey boss don't worry man lower the
corporation's tax bill to five point
five to five point two five percent and
they'll bring jobs and he's like oh okay
I guess they're gonna bring jobs okay
and he sign didn't know everybody in
Congress was equally corrupt went along
with it afterwards Bush found that it
turns out they didn't create any jobs
he's like God hoodwinked again but they
put Bush
place because he was a blank slate he
had no ideology he had no ideas all he
knew was you deliver for the guys who
put you in office and that's what he did
and later he's like oh man we didn't get
any jobs
well ecology I couldn't seen that coming
right but if you couldn't have seen it
coming in 2004 you can clearly see it
coming now they're going to give another
giant billions of dollars of tax cuts to
not American companies multinational
companies and it will have no provision
in there to actually create jobs in
America it'll be one giant lie that was
proven to be a lie back in 2004
everybody confirms is a lie today and
they will pretend that they're doing it
on your behalf
no such thing they're doing it on behalf
of their donors this system is
absolutely sick so the next time you see
somebody on TV talking about how there's
gonna create jobs it's nothing but
absolute lies it's proven to be as such
and it's a trick and don't fall for it
by the way
wolf dash pack.com man you gotta get
money out of politics if you don't
they're gonna do this to us all day long
and you're not gonna get the rest of the
media to help you it was the last time
CNN or any of the cable news outlets
were like hey well we always say tax
cuts or create jobs and the Republicans
say that we take it at face value but do
they actually should we do an
investigation
they don't have investigations at cable
news outlets because they don't want to
find out it wasn't that it was that hard
to find out we get that's how we got
former bush guys on the record saying
yeah of course it didn't create jobs
look thank you for being part of TYT and
and and the audience funded TYT
investigates so that we can actually
investigate and bring you the truth and
the reality is there ain't no jobs
coming from this it's just more
legalized bribes that have a wonderful
result for the people who bribed the
politicians like Donald Trump it
rebuilds a swamp it is the definition of
crony capitalism get the money out right
now otherwise they're going to be living
this with this forever Young Turks help
us build independent media together come
join us
tea why
tea network.com slash join
