the White House has released a draft
proposal for Health and Human Services
now this proposal is now open for
comment from the public but the whole
point of this is to provide a directive
or a roadmap for governmental agencies
including the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention and it's
something that Americans should be
concerned about because it has
essentially led to an ideological war
within this department and I'll explain
why now they plan on defining life as at
the moment of conception okay the new
Trump 2018 to 2012 20 second draft plan
seems determined to take health care in
a more ideological direction starting by
rewriting the definition of American
life HHS will now be serving and
protecting Americans at every stage of
life beginning at conception that is
what it says the plans repeated
references to natural death also suggest
the agency may now be opposed to
assisted suicide which has been
legalized in a couple of states so what
does this mean for you know reproductive
rights what does this mean for you know
employers or employees working at
medical institutions who want to cite
their religious beliefs in either
denying certain types of health care or
only doing certain types of health care
those are the things that are being
discussed right now but it would
essentially provide people with a
religious bias the protection to perform
that religious bias yeah you know I'm
split on this one I'll tell you why I'm
not in favor of this policy at all I'm
not remotely split on that but you're
voted for religious zealots you've got
religious zealots so progressives who
don't think it's a big deal
Nonie you know you should have and I'm
not the guy to blame voters but I just I
think that that a lot of times the left
thinks are they're not really gonna do
stuff and the right thing so we're going
to do it no matter what and so they told
you that there
religious zealots and they cared about
these things and they don't even want
you to have birth control
I think the 99% of women used birth
control that are of childbearing age
that are adults or something along those
lines so and you always think that
they're not really gonna take it away
look except they do they want to and
this is part of how they do it so for
God's sake go out and make sure they
lose because otherwise they're gonna
take away your rights can we finally
accept that Trump in one way or another
will do the things that he claimed he
was gonna do while he was running except
for getting Mexico to pay for the wall
cuz that's ridiculous
he said he was gonna punish women who
had abortions and there was all this
backlash but he's doing it right I mean
think about it if if life is defined as
you know something that begins at the
moment of conception what does that mean
if someone has an abortion what does
that mean if someone miscarries if you
think that religious zealots won't try
to prosecute those women you're wrong
look at states like Mississippi where
you know there were literally cases of
women bringing their pregnancy to term
they wanted to have the baby and then
they delivered a stillborn which is
tragic and guess what Mississippi would
do they would look at the history of
these mothers to see if there was ever
any drug use or drug abuse and they
would prosecute these women okay you
think that religious zealots don't want
to punish women for having abortions or
you know God forbid having a miscarriage
or a stillborn these people are
disgusting and Trump will follow through
on the promises that he made if he
doesn't get it done legislatively we
already know he'll do it through
executive action but that's what drives
men crazy about and again not to blame
the voters but it progresses but also a
Democratic Party that does not
effectively explain this issue and and
and get people to vote based on it
partly because they they're so bad at
fighting for our values oh we don't
offend people who are pro-life that's
the thing well but they're offending us
by going and doing this when they get in
office
the reality is two-thirds of Americans
are pro-choice we should be killing them
on this issue politically and instead we
lose on
issue because none of our guys vote on
it and all of their people vote based on
it you know
evangelicals showed up they voted 81%
for Trump and their voter turnout was
85% white evangelicals 85% water turn up
that is near miraculous that is an
unbelievable number why because their
politicians energize them and said we're
gonna take away their rights okay we're
gonna take away birth control and
abortion and we're gonna say that life
begins at conception and that's what
they're doing now right so our side said
ad I'm worried about it then yeah
oh I don't want to offend the other side
we're two thirds are one so go ahead and
defend them at least fight for us so you
didn't energize your voters and they
didn't show up at the rate that even a
white evangelicals did they knew that
that Supreme Court seat would be key to
some of the stuff that you're talking
about and that's one of the reasons they
showed up in such big numbers and you
may look at Donald Trump and say well
how does Donald Trump this guy who has
probably been involved he member that
Howard Stern interview which he actually
referenced an abortion that he might
have been part of there was I mean he
said she did the right thing number he
said I got somebody price but you're
down from he doesn't really have any
religious underpinnings he doesn't
really care about this stuff in a big
way why all of a sudden is he the
standard bearer for all this stuff
because he's just the face of policy
that's being made by others and it is
the religious right that is occupying
this presidency and he doesn't care
Donald Trump absolutely doesn't care now
a lot of what we're talking about here
anti women and to minority and to those
who fall under some sort of
socio-economic barrier oh that's
consistent with I think who he with him
but who he in yeah exactly but he's not
cutting edge on this stuff it's it's
just what his presidency has become yeah
and and also it's not just Health and
Human Services there are multiple
governmental agencies that are doing
everything they can to roll back our
rights in the name
religious freedom or religious liberty
so I'll give you another example the
Department of Justice has its own
version of protecting religious liberty
and it's gonna affect a lot of different
groups of people who have historically
been disenfranchised in the country so
the Department of Justice put out a memo
directing government departments
including HHS to make a priority of
preserving religious liberty even if it
means violating anti-discrimination laws
that is where their priority is Wow and
so is law by the way interesting does
this apply to all religions right so if
there is I don't know a Muslim business
owner and so I really hope that this
gets challenged by the people right and
and we'll see if that plays out because
this is ridiculous
but just to give you context by the way
what they've done is so much further out
than what other people have done you
mean George W Bush who who actually was
a religious person and focused on that
religiously if you will he didn't know
he didn't go this far in rewriting life
according to the American government as
starting at conception and and so Trump
has gone even further but look to be
fair to Trump he got all the eventual
Christians this is what he they wanted
and he's delivering on that promise
we should have beat him and so it's
that's why I'm split on it I mean we can
complain afterwards but if you don't
think that the government should be so
big that they're inside your uterus or
they're so big that they're gonna rush
in and figure out what rights they have
over your body the minute that that you
guys are finished with the act because
really it could be that quick he came
everybody rush in let's go now the
government's got a right to what's
inside your body okay so that's how big
they want government to be and if you
don't want that then don't ever vote for
a Republican except it's not a partisan
thing I mean it sounds for is like don't
vote Republican I'm saying if you don't
want them inside your vulva then don't
vote Republican because that's what they
do because the mainstream press is too
polite and to neutral
and to detach from actual facts to tell
you the reality if you vote for
Republicans they want governments so big
that as soon as he comes there inside
you go no I now own your body you're not
allowed to do this with your body you're
not allowed to do with that with your
body
I don't even want you using birth
control because I want him to come and
then I want to be inside your body and
saying you can or can't do this that's
what Republicans stand for that's what
they just did
it's a fucking fact so you're right
about the media but I think what's also
important to keep in mind is that the
squeaky wheel always gets the attention
and the squeaky wheel when it comes to
politics is always the Republican Party
and it's annoying but it's effective and
so they will whine and cry and argue and
debate and do media hits they will do
anything that's necessary to get their
message out there and they'll play dirty
whereas you know we know what happens on
the left
I mean why aren't we seeing press hits
by you know Democratic members of Senate
or the house you know talking about how
disgusting this all is talking about how
this will actually end up costing our
government a significant amount of money
you know a perfect example is what's
likely to happen with sex education on
school campuses so Bush George Bush was
terrible when it came to that because he
only allowed the government to fund
abstinence only sex education teen
pregnancy rates dramatically increased
as a result of that Obama comes in
realizes it's not working it's a really
gigantic waste of money and so he stops
prioritizing abstinence only education
prioritizes comprehensive sex ed the the
rate of teen pregnancy decreases
significantly because guess what
education works telling people how to
protect themselves from unwanted
pregnancy works and now this is gonna
happen and more people who are gonna get
pregnant they're not gonna want that
pregnancy you take away their
reproductive rights I mean what are we
gonna do are we just gonna have a
government that lets you know kids live
on the streets are we going to have a
government that allows these children to
be hungry I mean I don't know
Trump is capable of anything that's of
course the true awful contract
in here which is that life begins at
conception but as soon as that baby's
born no one gives a shit you know and
there's no there's no ongoing support of
that child so it's a for them it's a
complete exercise in in in an awful
policy but Ana's 100% right about
something else and that is the messaging
how they message and tag progressive and
democratic voices you know Democrats are
you know I know the Democrats have our
own issues but they tagged them as the
party of big government and then that's
had sticks and people remember yeah all
those regulations that the Democrats
want nanny state
well now look at the nanny the nanny
wants to actually prevent you now see
Jenks point prevents you from
impregnated someone and having any
option at all at that point from the
first moment that it happened yes it's a
nutty state they want nuns you know
wagging their finger at you and telling
you what you can and can't do with your
own body so you know whether it's a
nanny state or nutty State I mean we
need regulations that make sense not
religious zealots dictating every part
of our personal lives and the last point
is it is completely out of step with
what America wants completely out of
step as Jenks at Jenks set inside the
polls for you there it's completely out
of step so this minority opinion which
doesn't even reflect what the American
public wants is going to carry the day
and I just realized that when I said
it's a fucking fact it was literal help
us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm /join
