michael cohen has met with muller when
it comes to talking to try to you know
cooperate with the investigation that
was reported yesterday and it seems like
they have absolutely confirmed that this
has happened
what is he meeting with muller to talk
about per abc's discussions it was
discovered that they talked about Russia
in terms of Trump's business dealings
with Russia and in addition to that
trumps potential campaign activities in
the lead-up to the election and in
addition to that whether Trump had
talked or whether Cohen had spoken with
Muller about the potential of Trump
pardoning Cohen so those are the things
there's a lot that came out as a result
of the reports from ABC including
whether he talked to Felix Sater they
seemed to say that he did have
conversations in late 2015
including this thing that said I will
get Putin on this program and we will
get Donald elected seems to be like what
Felix @ro corroborating both the
business dealings the program being a
Moscow based Trump Tower and getting
Donald Trump elected with Russia's help
referring to Vladimir Putin the Putin of
Russia Cohen later emailed the Russian
government official hoping to jumpstart
the project which never materialized but
if you're looking for collusion
basically it seems like he has met with
Muller and what do you think the
takeaway is gonna be okay so a couple of
things here let me just jump in
Felix Ayers has a long history with
breaking the law and then by the way
interestingly cooperating to get out of
those jams with law enforcement in
several different countries and the
reason that Michael Cohen might be
cooperating with the prosecutors in the
first place is because they raided his
home and so tell in his office and they
got all these emails so the emails and
documents are probably incredibly
incriminating so including the one that
says I will get Putin on this program
will get Daniel elected from a guy who
works with the Russians so in an email
to Michael Cohen
so Cohen was already in a world of
trouble and hence the cooperation now
today we also found out according to the
New York Times
there are sources inside the FBI saying
that rod Rosenstein the Deputy Attorney
General talked about recording the
president while he didn't know it to get
incriminating information about him
because all he ever says is
incriminating information you could just
report him at any given time and you'll
get that information and maybe even
invoking the 25th amendment because he
was so mentally unstable so it might be
that Donald Trump's allies leaked that
today given that Michael Cohen we now
find out has been talking to Muller the
special counsel for hours upon hours
it's panic time at the Trump White House
so Michael Cohen was his fixer first of
all do you have a fixer I don't have a
fixer when you break things that's bad I
mean I have a manager and I like I did a
terrible thing today you must fix it
cooperate with the Russians to fix an
election protect potentially now I it
doesn't and you know if if I'm just
saying that sometimes people have you
know representatives who will go and
help what this guy has is somebody who
before he was actually a president has
somebody who helps them very big jams
that involve you know destroying
people's lives and that's weird you know
different from my fixer mine is like my
trailer is is it has a really weird
leaking odor you need to fix this like
his is like my gold is not about his
gold toilet yeah and of course famously
the stormy Daniels fix and and the hush
money etc that's how Cohen
began to get in trouble and and now has
admitted to doing those crimes and and
he's looking to reverse his
is also tax evasion there's also a lot
of other things and Michael Cohen is the
guy who would call people and threaten
them if they were going to publish
something about Donald Trump if they
were gonna do anything that would hurt
Donald Trump's interest when your fixer
who has all those documents and who has
done all your dirty work for all those
years is cooperating with law
enforcement
tick tick tick tick tick tock with
efforts you know what I am
I always go to this good I bet I've been
following this pastor who was like
really going hard on Donald Trump on
Twitter he's a black pastor that's like
really explaining what Jesus who Jesus
was and if Jesus would you know if Jesus
would have been born right now he would
have been in a cage because he would
have been an immigrant but he he was
explaining about character amongst
Kristen Christians and the people who
support Donald Trump who are always
criticizing everybody else's character
but look at the people that he hangs out
with like she's like this dude is like
his Olivia Pope and he's like the
scandal scandal dude the dude that paid
off the women from the the adultery you
know the dude that is trying to
guarantee you the payoff for the
election like this guy look at the
people that your guy hangs out with and
they always turn so there's not even
honor amongst thieves and so and you
have lest there are the barest he's
surrounded himself with the best right a
cabinet but now what's weird is all of a
sudden now that they're cooperating with
a special counsel they're the worst
turned on a dime like that weird how
that is no honor amongst them there's no
loyalty and even mobsters have loyalty
you know what I mean like this is there
beneath like organized crime but like
Michael Cote seems to be just doing an
impression of TV mobsters
that's what I get for me like she has
the same like jackets that have like if
they were a cartoon you know the
cartoons were like the jacket has a
pattern and when the cartoon moves the
pattern stays in the same place like
he's that kind
like there's some I think he's narrating
himself like in Goodfellas like he's Ray
Liotta yeah trying to get a doughnut but
I can't cuz the helicopters are so loud
yeah you know what dude that's right
nobody the essence of that is correct
because in his movie in his mind he's
now the hero yeah and and and and
Brett's right too because so Trump
humiliated Michael Cohen over and over
again and and mob bosses do this a lot
of times they put people down yeah but
the one thing in there was a mob expert
that explained a couple weeks ago is a
really great explanation we shared on
the show the that those mob guys that
pick people based on their loyalty
rather than their merit yeah because the
main thing that they are worrying about
is staying out of jail that is their
number one through ten priority hey did
we do that robbery right is number
eleven prior don't snitch if you there
was a tweet that Michael Cohen tweeted
today that was up for a number of
seconds before it was deleted saying
from Michael Cohen it said good for
Michael Cohen for providing critical
information to the Muller investigation
it was a twenty one seconds by the way
but there's someone screen capped it and
then he deleted it and wouldn't you know
pretty soon his own lawyer lanny davis
tweeted something that's pretty familiar
which was that exact same text good for
michael cohen in providing critical
information so the keystone kops
administration makes a giant it's what
they're famous for he essentially
retweeted something it seemed like it
was from a burner in town is what it
looked like to me but they're trying to
like cover up for it and what that tweet
was trying to do was say listen you know
michael cohen is cooperating with muller
without having gotten a deal so you
should trust him but at the same time he
messes it up so badly that you can't
even follow what he's trying to do which
reinforces that point that he's getting
the worst people who had been the most
loyal but are also the most stupid
yeah well look they're more Keystone
robbers than Keystone Cops but
and this also happens in in mob cases
because yeah they pick people based on
loyalty but inevitably someone turns on
them why because they're all criminals
like wait I'm gonna do all the time mm I
think you're gonna do all the time we're
having right now about the rules of the
mob and we're talking about the
President of the United States like no
moral center that's working as a glue to
at least hold people together there's
not even that illusion of one no yeah
almost impressive right well the guy who
wrote the op-ed who's a senior
administration official this was you
know a little while ago in the New York
Times said he has no guiding principles
right there's if you if you try to
discern hey are you you know for this
policy or against that policy it doesn't
matter he's gonna change his mind
because the only thing that he cares
about is what's in it for me yeah and so
look the the chances that he didn't do
anything wrong
are dwindling to say the least because
basketball is your you know leader the
basketball doesn't care if it's right or
wrong the basketball doesn't care if the
players live or die basketball doesn't
care about anything except just being a
basketball this is a great matter for
and I really want to run with this for
another 22 minutes plus the basketball
is also orange yeah so look if Cohen is
cooperating in his given hours of
testimony to Muller then been very very
likely he's talking about wrongdoing of
the president and so that is why there
was panic of the White House and and
then all of a sudden a Rosenstein gets
outed he's the guy who could be replaced
and the guy who replaced him could fire
the Special Counsel Robert Muller who
would try to end this investigation
because Trump knows better than anyone
else
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
he knows what Michael Cohen knows
and it ain't pretty like what you see
click this subscribe button below and
don't forget to ring the bell to never
miss another video from the Young Turks
