so today Donald Trump signs an executive
order beginning to chip away the
Affordable Care Act in a way that I
think eventually will destroy it wait
did I just say an executive order
because I'm pretty sure that Donald
Trump's against the executive orders I
remember that he was incredibly angry at
President Obama for doing Zeta voters
like all the Republicans were oh my god
a thick tutorial former government
orders is outrageous
here's a quote we have a president that
can't get anything done so it just keeps
signing segments borders all over the
place that's President Donald Trump back
in the day criticizing President Obama a
president they can't get anything done
keep signing executive orders all over
the place hmm
who does that actually describe
President Obama actually got bills
passed including the Affordable Care Act
which you're in the middle of destroying
with an executive order but I've got
more quotes from you from the past for
Donald Trump
he says Obama goes around signing
executive orders he can't even get along
with the Democrats and he goes around
signing all these executive orders it's
a basic disaster you can't do it he says
when Obama's in charge you can't do it
when he's in charge that's all he does
and then he brags about it he says oh my
god I've gotten more things done then
then even Roosevelt in my first hundred
days they're like what you didn't get
any legislation passed
no major legislation at all what do you
mean you guys think so all right your
executive orders and by the way part of
the reason he can't get any passing
because he came get along with the
Republicans exactly what he critic
claimed Obama couldn't do when he
actually did pass legislation more Trump
said about Obama nobody wants to listen
to Obama including the Democrats so it
just goes around signing executive
orders he said it over and over again
perfectly describes what's happening to
Donald Trump now one last one
says I don't think Obama even tries
anymore I think he just signs executive
actions exactly what happened today
Trump couldn't get along with even
Republicans to be able to do a repeal
and replace he hasn't gotten anything
done so all he's given up and all he
does is executive orders he give you a
sense of scale by the way Trump has
signed more executive orders
thirty in his opening hundred days then
did former President Obama 19 and since
the hundred days including today he has
continued to pile on one executive order
after another so let's just note for the
record Republicans when they were
criticizing Obama about executive orders
were complete and outrageous liars they
never cared about executive orders
unless today you're gonna go out and go
what president chub Trump did would
chump that's a good 14 slow it was
dictatorial and authoritarian and
outrageous where are you Republicans
where are you Rand Paul where are you
all the Senators in all the congressmen
see you never cared all you cared about
was criticizing Obama because he was
Obama now that you're in charge you
don't mind at all and one last thing god
help you if there's a progressive
president I don't mean an establishment
Democrat they'll bow their heads and
they'll do you know they'll say okay
from now on you did all the executive
orders and you broke the records but now
that we're in charge we won't do any
more because you'll criticize us on Fox
News but if there's an actual
progressive president you like executive
orders we can do executive orders you
just opened the door thank you very much
because hey man it's not Obama
it was Trump that broke the record on
executive orders so and no Republican is
complaining about it so I assume I
rightfully so that Republicans now love
executive orders and think that you
should govern by executive orders duly
noted
god help you if there's a progressive
president we're not gonna act like the
establishment weak Democrats will do
more executive orders than even Trump
and if you cry about it and come back
and go sad that your chance to cry and
to complain and actually be principled
was today
not later if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com sighs joy
