Rose McGowan who has been very vocal
against Harvey Weinstein on Twitter had
her account temporarily suspended and we
found out about this after she posted
about it on other social media sites
like Instagram now she received a
message from Twitter telling her that
she had violated their Terms of Service
and that she would be locked out for 12
hours once she deleted certain tweets so
she would have to delete the tweets in
question that apparently went against
Twitter's guidelines and rules and then
12 hours later they would reinstate the
account now they apparently finally
explained why it was that they had
suspended her account so I want to be
clear about that according to an
official statement they said we have
been in touch with Miss McGowan steam we
want to explain that her account was
temporary locked because one of her
tweets included a private phone number
which violates our Terms of Service the
tweet was removed and her account has
been unlocked so in the meanwhile people
went nuts and understandably so because
since they didn't get an explanation
they thought are you kidding me are you
saying that Rose McGowan tweets about
Harvey Weinstein is hurtful to him I
mean what about Donald Trump's tweets
what about all the alright and neo-nazi
tweets now to be fair to Twitter they
have taken some of those down not
Trump's he's the precedent I don't think
we could take that down but of course
when Milo and the trolls went after
Leslie Jones they eventually did ban him
so but I know why people were mad at we
all get it right because what Harvey
Weinstein did it was terrible and if
Rose McGowan is speaking out against
that to shut her voice down would have
been atrocious but I actually think that
Twitter's explanation is correct yeah
look I agree with you on that because
look in the beginning when we didn't
know exactly why her account was
suspended I remember being outraged
about that as well especially when you
consider the amount of abuse that of
abuse that's on Twitter on a regular
basis that goes unchecked right and it
been a common criticism toward Twitter
so to see that her account was suspended
really made me raise my eyebrows as well
but you can't be I don't care what your
point is you can't tweet out people's
personal information just don't do it
don't do it but you know what I I think
she did it by accident I think what she
was doing was putting out this message
which you could argue was private to
begin with but under the circumstances I
think it might be understandable that
she released it and everybody has the
right to do whatever they think is is
right and I'm certainly not gonna do a
value judgement on whether she was right
to release private messages when she was
sexually harassed by Weinstein back when
she was 23 years old I wasn't so I have
no opinion on that I think she
accidentally left a phone number on
there and didn't realize it okay that's
my best guess and and then Twitter goes
hey that's the phone number that stock
saying you can't do that not that she
did it maliciously necessarily but you
need either way you can't do that and
that's right and I know other people who
have accidentally put out phone numbers
or information about somebody and then
it was blocked and then once you take
out that information then it's no longer
blocked yeah look I don't I'm not in her
mind so I don't know what her intent was
with that particular tweet I think that
you know she should be able to speak out
and and do so as aggressively as she
wants on Twitter she has my full support
on that all I'm saying is people need to
be careful when it comes to personal
information even if it was done
accidentally just understand that you
especially as a person who has a large
following are potentially directing
harassment toward others and and you
just have to keep that in mind that's
all I'm saying yeah and as we know
people do that very intentionally again
I don't know what Rose McGowan what her
intent was but you just have to be
careful yeah and so look in the
beginning people thought well maybe
they're going after her because she's
also calling our Bob Weinstein who's
Harvey Alliance's brother and his
partner in The Weinstein Company and Ben
Affleck and other powerful people for
not doing enough and she has every right
to call out whoever she likes agree
disagree I don't know
wouldn't have any basis to agree or
disagree on those particular people but
so on that we of course agree she has
the right to do that just of course you
can't include the phone number but CEO
Bob Weinstein let me just end on a weird
note TMZ wouldn't take it for what it's
worth is reporting that Bob Weis seen
the brother might have been the one that
leaked to the New York Times there's
some serious dramas there and then Bob
Weinstein wrote this is a direct quote
of it so this is definitely true
my brother Harvey is obviously a very
sick man I urged him to seek immediate
professional help because he's in dire
need of it his remorse and apologies to
the victims of his abuse are hollow well
so he might have been known that to
cover his own ass in the company etc but
as you know appropriately harsh but if
if he was the one that leaked it in the
first place
Harvey Weiss is a lot of power plays in
his life and as we now found out some of
them atrocious right well if he was a
victim of a power play at the end that
seems quite fitting if you liked this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
