there's been ongoing protests in st.
Louis for quite some time now it is
about yet another police officer who got
away with killing a black man and on
tape he seemed to be putting a gun on
the body of the person afterwards his
DNA was on the gun the victims DNA was
not on the gun he said earlier that he
was going to go kill him and he did but
once again not guilty so very
understandably the community is outraged
and they've been doing protests led by
Corey Bush and others so we covered one
of those protests at TYT Jordan Chariton
was there he's a reporter and ty Bayless
our cameraman and editor were on the
scene and they got arrested which is
outrageous and unacceptable and an
attack on freedom of the press let's
show you a quick clip of when that
happened live they are arresting
threatening to arrest the press here and
they're about to pepper spray why is he
under arrest for what excuse me why is
he under arrest officer white why is he
at arrest he's about to pepper spray me
so there yeah so they're arresting it
seems journalists who covered peaceful
demonstration they I thought there was a
freedom of the press in the First
Amendment but I guess not and say Louis
well the police did there was they
penned the protesters and the press and
the legal observers into an area there
was a wall behind them and they did
three lines surrounding them and did not
give him a chance to leave they arrested
the reporters first actually to be more
accurate they arrested the cameramen
first then the reporters then the legal
observers and then finally the
protesters gee I wonder why they did in
that order so then Jordan Chariton the
reporter who was arrested and obviously
wrongfully so and we'll be looking to
find a way to to make sure that that is
adjudicated to be wrong
asked the mayor of st. Louis at her
office it's Lydia or lytic rusyn who was
the mayor of st. Louis and they put out
a statement that sounds nice they said
every journalist has a constitutionally
protected right to cover these
demonstrations any allegation that those
rights were not recognized or protected
is troubling which is why I have asked
the US Attorney's Office to conduct an
independent investigation in to these
claims now if you're looking to get rid
of a problem that's a good statement all
right but Jordan then point it out but
wait you're the mayor you actually have
authority to order the cops not to do it
again you can say hey if there's another
protest on a no circumstances are you
allowed to arrest reporters or legal
observers you could also tell them to
not hit the protesters with their
shields or your or use tear gas or
pepper spray or mace you could order
them to do all these things but so he
asked her about that and then they put
out another statement not saying that
they would do that instead saying this
fruit of the press is a foundational
right in our country Mayor kruzan has
nothing but deep respect for the work
journalists do to shed light on the most
pressing issues of the day our democracy
can only function if the press is
respected and allowed to report
truthfully on current events now she
also though went on to say the majority
of st. Louis metropolitan police
officers have faithfully fulfilled their
commitment to protecting the safety of
our citizens and city and she is
committed to holding accountable those
who do not respect the freedoms
guaranteed under our Constitution in
other words no no no the majority the
cops are totally fine fine fine
so now there might be a few bad apples
where are we seeing that before and we
will later do an investigation about
those well how about telling them now
about what not to do going forward we'll
be doing an investigation get back to
you maybe later
about what they can and can't do no come
on no it's okay I don't think it's
remotely good enough if you allow cops
to arrest members of the press and
nobody nobody does anything about it
they will continue to arrest members of
the press and will get larger and larger
those that say
deeply unconstitutional thing to do if
you allowed the press to be arrested
during the civil rights era we never
would have seen the pictures from Selma
Alabama or anywhere else because they
would have said oh no no no you you know
they're doing civil disobedience they're
in a place where the cops told them not
to be and the reporters are also the
place where cops told him not to be
that's how they got the pictures you're
all under arrest and give you your
cameras that's why we have freedom of
the press in the country so that you
can't do things like that if you're the
government now I'm gonna go to another
publication here the st. Louis American
who actually did a great job of covering
this story and explaining why the mayor
would might be going in the direction
that she did first they remind you that
when the protests first began in her
first statement quote the day after an
occupying police force trapped and tear
gas the crowd in our own neighborhood
cruson said law enforcement each of you
has my full support the protests began
the cops overstep she goes no no they
were in my neighborhood you have my full
support each of you now there might be
investigations later okay so now let's
go into why that might be the case
Napoleon Robertson and Caitlyn leave for
the st. Louis American on Tuesday
September 19th Mayor Lydia crusin
postponed her three remaining town halls
across the city this fall with four days
of protests met with aggressive police
force after the acquittal of former st.
Louis metropolitan Police Officer Jason
Stockley she wrote town halls are
happening the streets and in my inbox in
on social media right now we're
listening despite her assurances
otherwise many residents interpreted
this as their mayor dodging venues meant
to hold her accountable to their serious
concerns in pain town halls are
happening in my inbox is not a real
thing that means I don't want to do a
town hall you already sent me angry
emails which I already deleted okay to
be fair I don't know what she does with
them I don't know she deletes them or
not but clearly she didn't want anything
new of those town halls to listen to her
citizens yes they would be angry we know
that but you were their mayor you're
supposed to hear their anger and you're
supposed to understand and appreciate
why they're angry and maybe even address
it and not later but now okay so they go
on to explain so in this pivotal moment
if mayor Kristen won't listen to her
constituents in town halls who is she
listening to perhaps is her donors after
all the protests financially impact many
of them ooh that's very interesting
let's find out more about that for
example both st. Louis Union Station and
its parent company lodging hospitality
management which operates hotels and
restaurants made significant donations
to Crewson during her campaign la chums
leadership team spoke to the
post-dispatch about significant loss
revenue from downtown concerts canceled
in response to the protests around the
verdict Oh folks are losing money donors
are losing money so one thing if you
want a protest and it doesn't cost any
one of you hmm
but you're costing my donors money by
those canceled concerts now we got a
real issue
okay not one enough serious enough to do
town hall de Cruces mayoral campaign had
a larger and more affluent donor base
than the other mayoral candidates
including our top competitor Jones who
came in a close second Cruces donors
include a vast network of local
developers construction unions and real
estate professionals in addition to the
legal and law enforcement communities PR
firms and finance and business
executives now this is not the first
time you're gonna hear this for me but
think about how insane our system is
that private interests finance our
elections who do you think they're gonna
serve of course they're gonna serve
private interests that give them the
private financing it's insane we have to
publicly finance all elections so
there's at least a chance that they
serve the public interest 93% of
Americans believe that politicians serve
their donors over their voters why
because it's obvious it's obvious those
donors gave her the money to win in
Congress this is a local issue but in
Congress 95% of the time the person with
more money wins why do you think the
politicians go suck up to the donors so
when the donors complain wait a minute
I'm losing revenue here and I got the
cop Union and I got the other you
I got the PR firms and I got the finance
executives and the business executives
but mainly the real estate guys who do
you think crewson's gonna work for many
of these donors they continue they
explain them the st. Louis American many
of these donors benefited from Cruces 20
years of City Hall during which she
focused investment and public resources
in the city's Central Corridor where
many of the verdict protests are taking
place hmm
consequently her donors investments
hinge on a quiet return to business as
usual there you have it
so in st. Louis this is very relevant it
appears to be relevant to the mayor but
it's also relevant throughout the
country the reason why a lot of the
mainstream press want everything to go
back to business as usual and call
anything else radical the reason why the
Republican Party and the Democratic
Party oh by the way she's a Democrat
want everything to remain in the status
quo is people profit from the status quo
the rich and powerful love this system
because this is the system that made
them rich and powerful they don't want
change they don't want issues to be
addressed they might want injury issues
addressed around the corners and the
edges may be enough so you have changed
on the outside but continuity on the
inside but mainly they just want the
Machine going going just like it always
has so when you do those protests you're
an annoyance to them god bless your
hearts who are Americans we're supposed
to protest our government we're supposed
to demand that our government represents
us it's called the democracy who are
among the first to do it across the
world we champion it across the world we
should think about practice and here at
home including in st. Louis yes the
police should be told immediately that
they are not to arrest reporters at
protests they should also consider maybe
putting some thought into why there's so
many protests in the first place and
address that as well immediately Young
Turks if you like The Young Turks you
love Young Turks
rashim TYT Network dot-com sighs joy
