Cody Wilson is the guy who had that
company that put up the plans for how to
3d print your own guns he in addition to
that recently had been as issued an
arrest warrant to arrest him for paying
for sex
this is his wanted poster from the US
Marshal for paying for sex with a minor
that he met on a website called sugar
daddy meet dot-com according to the
report Wilson whose xxx has been charged
with sexual assault he's accused of
having sex with a 16 year old girl on
August 14th and paying her $500 here is
the website they met on sugar daddy meet
calm he goes by the name I have it here
Sanju dough which is a reference to a
Kurosawa film so he's cultured well he
it turns out upside he did not issued
the arrest warrant shot and he was away
in Taiwan on a business trip he
apparently was tipped off he did not
make his return flight but authorities
in type Taiwan have arrested him and
cancelled his visa and he awaits
extradition even though we don't have a
treaty with Taipei era Taiwan a crazed
right winger who sleeps with underage
girls no right no really
Wow I mean isn't this amazing that it's
become almost non news yeah and now to
me the most relevant part of this is
this is the guy who went around saying
we got to be able to print our own guns
because we don't want law enforcement
law enforcement knowing that we have
guns and I'm worried about the
jackbooted thugs of the government who
would come and maybe imprison us for
what we wondered and perhaps we now have
our answer and and luckily when they he
was arrested he apparently did not have
any of his guns on him because this is
the guy who kept talking about and a lot
of these guys they're like oh you know
we needed against the government what
does that mean why do you need it
against the government the tyranny of
the government tyranny of doing what
preventing you from having sex with
underage girls and why are you worried
because it's the children that are
in the jail in this dirt for this
government so you're you're fine what I
want to know is with these people with
these guns right that are gonna take on
the government like do you really think
you're gonna be the National Guard with
your little with no matter how many guns
yes they do they do they say listen
we're gonna have a lot of them how many
National Guard's people are there yeah I
mean that's I I am not even kidding
I heard this from people who say it out
loud and they're gonna have their I
forget what the name of it is he has a
website that he puts his three D plans
on and it now has a message saying that
you can't like fight for us this is the
same company that the Obama
administration kind of went after and
then the Trump administration settled
for forty thousand dollars so paid him
forty thousand dollars but five hundred
of it yeah apparently it is government
money they took an elevator according to
Ars Technica who has the actual arrest
warrant and statement / affidavit he
according to the girl she and Wilson
took an elevator to the seventh floor
where they entered room 718 this is
corroborated by video surveillance
equipment he paid her with five $100
bills and police say Wilson next drove
the thirty three miles south and dropped
her off at a Whataburger you know what
on a more serious note with this
attitude that they had towards young
women that the president tweeted this
ridiculous tweet about dr. Ford when she
was 15 young women are not a currency
for you perverted disgusting powerful
men it is just becoming so it's been
it's like we're becoming desensitized to
the behaviors towards women that are
just completely unacceptable we're
supposed to be moving forward technology
is at an all-time high and we are still
behaving like we are in the caveman ages
when it comes to women a
fifteen-year-old girl is a child whose
pelvic bones are not fully developed
there has to be accountability for this
this attitude that we see sweeping
across these are the people that you
have in office these are the people that
these are a reflection
extent of the people that you have in
office Mylo making a joke about
pedophilia there's this attitude towards
young people and young women that's
becoming so dangerous to us and you know
and it's just disgusting and it's you
know I think obviously this has been
going on for so long and in some ways I
think we're finally stopping and going
wait stop
come on women stop commodifying women
and we have right now a government who
doesn't really care about women and so
our voices are trying to get out there
obviously and I love that you said I
mean can we just stop it's like it's
obviously this is a power thing right
this guy doesn't need to have a you know
an underage girl but for any reason
other than like a power dynamic you know
it's like all women have the parts so
you can find someone who's you know
wants to have sex with you you have
40,000 dollars from the government you
are fine you should have put on a 3-2
but this power this masculine power
thing of you know it's really because we
because it's now in power in our in our
White House and it's just and it has no
no line that won't cross I mean we all
saw Trump's tweet today about saying
that you know if this 15 year old girl
was really assaulted she would have gone
to the police I mean that's a whole
other show we could do but it's it's
just then we don't feel like anybody
including our government has our back
anymore so one last thing Cody Wilson
missed his bigger opportunity because
he's among the guys who say look we have
to have these guns without serial
numbers because if the government comes
in and we need to fight him in the woods
well why did you run away to a different
country man you had it the government
was coming for you
you could have grabbed your guns and gun
run into the woods and it turns and like
he rises through Ted Nugent and all
those other guys oh man I was going to
do this and I was going to do that and
then Vietnam came and Ted Nugent crapped
his pants right so and I'm glad he
didn't I'm super glad he didn't I don't
want anybody to get hurt I'm super happy
that they arrested him without any
violence at all
lo and behold when when he had his
opportunity to go against the government
fight for his rights to have sex with
underage girls
he ran the only reason he would have ran
into the woods was to chase Little Red
Riding Hood like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from the Young Turks
