we just had a 1 billion dollar
presidential race that the Democrats
lost what do you think Hillary Clinton
did wrong and right what can we learn
from this last election what Hillary
Clinton did wrong what she lost and you
know when he was coming along he Trump
was coming along and it looked like
there was a possibility
I thought he represent this minute he
represents the middle finger of the
American right hand American people do
not have leadership anywhere they don't
have leadership and among the Democrats
more than they do among the Republicans
there's nobody in it to them exclusively
for them not the next election not the
next fund a funding drive but to get it
right for them and so they were saying
this is what you wanted and this is what
you're throwing our way take that and I
think today he represents that
