after the hate rally that took place in
Charlottesville Virginia a video went
viral showing the beating of a counter
protester named DeAndre Harris now that
video was extremely graphic it showed
just how viciously he was being beaten
by white supremacist and how police just
stood by and kind of let it happen now
the update to that story is the fact
that DeAndre Harris has been served with
an arrest warrant and that arrest
warrant indicates that he could
potentially face criminal charges for
hurting the white supremacists which
sounds crazy right now I'm gonna fill in
the details as to why there's a warrant
out for his arrest but before I do so I
just want to remind you of how viciously
he was beaten by these white supremacist
the video that we're about to show you
is graphic so I want to give you proper
warning but with that said let's take a
look
so now according to his attorney he
suffered serious injuries as a result
including a concussion a head laceration
that required staples a fractured wrist
a knee injury and other abrasions and
contusions across his body as a result
of this clash okay he got 10 staples to
his head yeah so we can all see what
happen in that video now fast-forward to
recently and all of a sudden there is a
man by the name of Harold ray Cruz who
says that he was wounded because of
deandre Harris's actions he claims that
he was hit with a flashlight and that he
suffered physical injuries as a result
of that now the video shows that the
flashlight barely even touched him and
hold on before we go to this video so
the the footage shows that DeAndre
Harris using a flashlight wasn't even an
issue like it barely even touched anyone
okay but look more important than that
yes you did white nationalist Harry Cruz
Spears Harris Harris to defend himself
swings the flashlight and grazes them or
misses them or whatever right and then
you see the video where he just Harris
gets pounded by six guys at once and
needs to ten staples in his head so now
you know what right-wingers ormally say
hey look if I ever get a tank I gotta
stand my ground so Harris was attacked
first there's no question about it if he
was a white right winger he could take
out a gun and shoot all six of them ago
I was attacked and I stood my ground
yeah and they I was afraid of my life
and by the way there might even be some
justification because as it turned out
he should have been afraid for his life
they could have killed him they could
have very easily okay so but then Cruz
says oh my god I've been so aggrieved in
the middle of me nearly lynching this
guy he dared to fight back for a second
ineffectually so I would like to have
him arrested and the cops are like well
of course yes sir of course sir
it wasn't even the cops he went
specifically to a magistrate and I'll
give you the details of you know laws in
Virginia and why this warrant was able
to it was he was able to get this
warrant out for Harris's arrest now
before we get to that though
remember Cruz claimed that he was
injured as a result of Harris you know
using his flashlight against him but
Harris's lawyer actually managed to find
footage of Cruz getting hit by a
different individual on the head okay
and this happened this incident happened
while Harris was already in the hospital
this was following the assault that
Harris had to deal with now we're gonna
show you the video that was released by
Harris's lawyer we made sure to circle
use a red circle too to make sure you
focus on the specific part of the video
because there's a lot of commotion
there's a lot of chaos going on but just
pay close attention to a completely
different individual hitting Cruz over
the head with what appears to be a metal
pipe all right there it is okay so the
guy who did it is not only not Harris
he's white exactly now he shouldn't have
done it
and he should be arrested so now Cruz
had already attacked Harris and should
have been arrested on the spot by the
way they were right next to the police
station but to be fair the cops as I
said during the incident there it was
madness in the streets okay so Cruz does
not get arrested he's walking around and
a white counter protester hits him with
a pipe now
that guy should be arrested cuz he
didn't I don't even know that he knew
anything about Harris that incident was
already over Harris is already in the
hospital right but Cruz was he gets
arrested goes oh yeah it was that
no-good black guy who hit me now he
could have said it's that white guy who
had nothing to do with the incident and
you should arrest him because he
actually hit me he did right yeah he
said no no no and he's a leftist or
whatever right but no he's not gonna
blame the guy who actually did it he's
gonna turn around and blame the black
guy who didn't do it I mean it's absurd
so how is it that there is now a warrant
out for Harris's arrest right especially
with with no evidence
he did anything wrong well Vox dug into
this and it's fascinating how easy it is
to get a warrant out for someone's
arrest according to Vox after filing a
police report a victim can approach a
magistrate which is what Cruz did in
this case bird arrest warrant against
someone accused of a crime the
magistrate then needs only probable
cause based on the victim's testimony
which is a fairly easy requirement to
file an arrest warrant this is what Cruz
reportedly did so keep in mind that
there are still white supremacists who
beat Harris out on the loose they
haven't been charged only two
individuals have been charged in that
case okay and the only reason why they
were charged was because people like
Shawn King were doing their own
investigation and pushing to identify
those people so they could actually you
know be brought to justice they had to
fight for that but in this case when
you're so we're talking about the victim
here think about how easy it was to get
a warrant out for his arrest so let's
just break down a little bit further so
there's six guys who attacked Harris
only two of them are caught so far and
and by the way when Harris swung the
flashlight in defense it was not a
cruiser was that another one of the
white supremacist so the Cruz thing had
absolutely nothing to do with Harris so
there's a couple of problems with the
system here one is that if you're the
cops okay as I said earlier it was
mayhem maybe it's hard to figure out
that there was a terrible assault
happening right next to your
headquarters but afterwards that's got
to be a little embarrassing so you want
to probably spend a lot of time trying
to find the guys who did that vicious
beating right next to your headquarters
I don't know how much time they've spent
on it I do know Shawn King oh by the way
tu IT contributor is one of the guys who
spent a lot more time and actually found
the guys in the some of the guys in the
video so then secondly as Fox explains
it's too easy to get an arrest warrant
through a magistrate in that system so
that's not just about DeAndre Harris
it's about the system but once you find
out I mean earlier would have been the
time but certainly now that no wait
that's not the person who hit Cruz so
we're trying to arrest the guy who's got
the ten staples in his head who was a
victim of a vicious
racial beating that's the time when you
take that warrant away so can we get to
that already
that's the injustice we're talking about
exactly in this country we could people
can use their platform to bring forward
issues like this the systemic injustice
in our judicial system amongst certain
groups of people because the people in
power that are that can hand out these
warrants for rest of a victim of vicious
beating that it maybe can be highlighted
and brought forward without the
president United States saying that's BS
and let's shut that down and allowing a
big organization to back him up on it
I wish we could find some way to address
this issue because it sounds like it's
real yeah well you know let me go
further Jarrett so obviously President
Trump attacked the black NFL players and
now some white NFL players who are
kneeling to protest police brutality now
and systemic racism by the way not just
police brutality and so here we have the
system for with it yet another injustice
against an african-american the police
didn't do the beating okay be very clear
about that but but here's a clear
injustice so not only is the president
attacking the people fighting the
injustice trying to fix it but wouldn't
it be amazing if we had a president who
actually fought to fix the injustice I
seems like no that's way too much to ask
for right but shouldn't the president be
more upset that an American citizen was
beat down viciously based on his race by
six guys who are the not only clear
white nationalists the guy that we're
talking about Cruz does a podcast called
southern nationalist radio he doesn't
hide the fact that he's a southern
nationalist his Twitter account which by
the way he's got protected tweets which
I find hilarious says Southern
nationalists yes so no white supremacist
shouldn't the president be more angry
about that beating and the injustice
that flowed from it then people who are
protesting that injustice he doesn't
care many it's nothing not that he
doesn't care Jake yeah he fanned the
flames he is the reason why those who
planned this hate rally felt emboldened
enough to go out there with their
cheesy tiki torches and say what they
said do what they did he's the one who
in Boldin them okay and anyone who
denies that is either oblivious or just
purposely doesn't want to admit it so
every player in the NFL should take a
knee including all the white players and
now when the owners are trying to
intimidate you and say they're gonna sit
you down and make sure they shut you up
and make sure you just play for them and
entertain the masses for them but won't
treat you with the dignity when you
fight back against injustice like this
uh all of them should kneel down and
Jerry Jones you're not gonna sit dak
Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott and Dez
Bryan you're not gonna do it it's taken
me force these greedy greedy pathetic
NFL owners to actually okay then do it
go ahead fire us all let's see how the
Cowboys turned out of you either bench
us or fire us for actually caring to do
something about in justices just like
this we dare you support independent
media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network dot-com slash join
