after dozens of women made allegations
against Harvey Weinstein and his alleged
sexual harassment sexual assault and in
some cases rape a number of Hollywood
celebrities came out and condemned him
aggressively one of those celebrities
though was not Lindsay Lohan in fact she
felt the need to come out and defend him
in a very strange video that she posted
on social media now without further
delay let's take a look at what she has
to say hi I feel very bad for everybody
right now I don't think it's right
what's going on
I think Georgina needs to take a stand
and be there for her husband and he's
never hugged me or deny anything to me
we've done several movies together and
so I think everyone needs to stop I
think it's wrong so stand up Wow okay I
mean she was never victimized so yeah
all of these accusations must be untrue
so you guys know everything I'm tell me
you're gonna get mad at me but she
sounds like a right-winger it didn't
happen to me so what do I care it's it's
if it didn't happen to me it's not real
I don't get arrested for being black so
I guess if nobody gets arrested for
being black okay I don't get pulled over
for being black because I'm not black so
it must not happen to black people
either so lazy Lohan is like he didn't
sexually assault me as other women have
said he did many many different women
and so it must not have happened she put
a little halo above the emoji of Harvey
Weinstein yeah I'm sure there's a guy in
the country that deserves that halo less
right Roger Ailes is dead so I mean
you've got other sexual serial sexual
assaulters like the president so right
right but so she's a weirdo and and I
don't know whether I want to get angry
at her or feel sorry for her so she has
a ton of money and she goes around all
these different capitals with really
rich friends so what do you like not
much to feel sorry for right but she
lives in this twisted world
where everybody's a yes-man and and
they're like Oh Lindsay you're the
granny's you're the greatest and
everyone you know who's friends with you
is the greatest is it Harvey the
greatest oh yeah everybody's the
greatest oh I mean don't you buy though
like I'm you know okay so in that video
she mentioned Georgina Chapman who is
now leaving Harvey Weinstein they've
been married right and they have two
kids together and she's like you need to
support your husband what and I mean
that just it it sounds like what
religious extremists would say right you
support your husband with Eddie and all
costs like no matter what you support
your husband you've got to stand by your
husband know if your husband has been
accused by dozens of women by the way a
list actresses like Angelina Jolie and
when is coucher like what do they have
to gain out of lying about you know
sexual harassment from Harvey Weinstein
they have nothing to gain from that at
all so it's just it's absurd and saying
to a woman you need to support your
husband after all these accusations have
come out against him how about you mind
your own business okay Georgina Chapman
gets to make the decision that she wants
to make and you know it's you are
completely irrelevant to that discussion
yet to say that though that his wife is
the problem it's insanity but that goes
to the problem with Fame and and that's
why I both him sickened by her and and
feel sad for her is that this is what
Fame does to you after a while if you're
as famous as Lindsay Lohan they like you
can't relate to any other human beings
you you start stop feeling empathy
unless they somehow help you Harvey's
put her in roles that is a good thing
she he's in the business of helping
Lindsay Lohan so that's a good like she
reminds me of trumple it was so
self-centered yeah
the only thing that matters is me
there's dozens of women who say that he
you know assaulted them harassed them
masturbated next to that when they
didn't ask for it and you know and
groped them and all this stuff yep but
they're not named Lindsay Lohan so why
would I care so that's a person who
helped me get rich and famous so I'm
gonna stand up for them that the fame is
that it's a dangerous thing
and so at least at that level and and I
think she's literally sick in that
regard
yeah and I feel bad for her what I mean
I don't feel bad for no way she's like
she's almost clinical like like Trump
they're so self-obsessed
how do you relate to any other human
being when all you can think about is
yourself help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash join
