here's the young turks at politican 2018
if you want to catch us every day become
a member to you whitey calm slice join
date between charlie kirk and sam seder
so for those who don't know me my name
is Steven Olli Cara I'm the founder of a
non partisan organization called the
millennial Action project I'm honored to
be back at politican for the 4th year
and we've got a great debate for all of
you discussing the middle class and
whether Trump has been helpful or
hurtful to the middle class and will
debate all of that here my one request
of the panelists is that we want to have
an exchange of ideas and so we want to
focus on the substance avoid personal
attacks and my request on behalf of the
audience here is that we don't yell over
each other because then they won't be
able to understand what you're saying so
are we on board with that yes yes we do
all right very good are you all ready to
get started
okay so again we're here talking about
the middle class and I think perhaps the
most consequential piece of legislation
that President Trump passed related to
this was the tax bill last year so I'm
gonna start with Sam what was your take
on the tax bill and more broadly do you
think Trump has been helpful to the
middle class well let me answer your
second question first
no I don't think he's been particularly
helpful for the middle class I don't
think that across the board I'm sure
there are some measures perhaps but
across the board net things are not
better for the middle class now and
certainly down the road there going to
be a lot worse because of policies that
we've seen at least in the first two
years of this administration 65% of the
tax cuts went to the top 20% of the
country this was you know in nominal
terms the biggest tax cut for the middle
class
in history or at least a you know recent
memory but at the end of the day if I
turned Charlie's microphone up from a
five to an eight and mine from a five to
a 12 or a 10 that is the dynamic that we
have going here with the incredible
wealth inequality middle class losing
out in terms of wages versus inflation
certainly at least in the first 18
months of the Trump administration
versus the last 18 months of the Obama
administration where it was basically
flipped and with increased wealth
inequality you get things like middle
class being priced out of the housing
market in the top ten metropolitan areas
across the country you see it in in in
other areas as well so broadly speaking
at least in terms of the tax cuts it
provides some very inefficient stimulus
to the economy but no this was for the
very wealthy Charlie your response um
I first want to say Sam I think you
always come about your ideas very
thoughtfully so I look forward to this
discussion sincerely
so thank you know and so the first thing
I would I would come from the argument
that Trump has helped the middle class
and let me build it out in a couple ways
first of all you you did say it was the
largest middle-class tax cut in recent
memory now that's not saying a lot
because there hasn't been done a lot for
the middle class but let's define what
exactly we mean by the middle class the
middle class in some ways is a uniquely
American concept the way that most
people would label the middle class and
you could have your own definition is
you have the comfort to send your child
to a relatively good school and your
child's life has a greater than
likelihood chance that will be better
than your life that you have a median
income that allows you to live
comfortable that you could take maybe
one the two vacations a year and that
you don't have it to have an
insurmountable amount of debt now that
being said when the Americans are polled
anywhere between 70 to 90 percent of
Americans think their middle-class which
of course only 50% of Americans are
middle-class that's it's really amazing
to see the the the separation of date of
how many people think their middle-class
versus how many people actually are
middle-class the reason that I would say
that is for that is that we have an
elevated standard living in this country
that goes beyond just income and goes
actually that people that are earning
thirty to forty thousand dollars a year
have access to higher quality goods that
in other countries they wouldn't let's
talk about the Trump tax cut in
particular first of all there's a lot of
demonization against corporations and
against businesses when businesses
thrive they have to employ people and so
3.5 million jobs have been created since
the start of the Trump administration
most of those are middle class jobs
wages have gone up about three point
eight percent in the last year they were
flatlining under the Obama presidency my
favorite number I'm sorry well that's
not true excuse me do what you just did
excuse me but I'm not gonna sit here Sam
and have lies about facts everybody has
a phone Google Google middle-class wages
see if they're stagnant versus inflation
so three point three point eight percent
wage increase over the last year for the
median worker Hispanic incomes at its
highest level in American history at
fifty thousand dollars a year my
favorite number of the Trump
administration is that three point nine
million people have gone off food stamps
and into the labor force three point
nine million people now now why is that
my favorite number for us conservatives
we do not judge success by how many
people go on government programs but
instead of how many people go off into
independence now I will not say that our
economy is at its optimal level I think
it's the best economy in a generation we
would look at a four point two percent
GDP growth three point seven percent
unemployment rate and so if you judge
the middle class by two major things
which is standard of living increase of
which you're seeing that happen
dramatically and the second of which is
education we have a lot of work to do on
the education side I think you and I
would both agree on that we could have a
extended conversation about that on
policy but the economic metrics are so
good that the New York Times says quote
this economy is so good we're running
out of ways to critique it and so again
it's not a perfect economy but for
middle-class Americans that care about
rising wages creating jobs and tax cuts
the average American family had a 2700
our tax cut under this Trump tax cut
that's good for that's good for some
consumer consumer spending power that's
good for savings and it's good for of
course what you would say is more demand
side economics coupled with supply-side
economics that created jobs and
repatriated trillions of dollars of
wealth back to the America so everyone
here has a phone and they can Google the
first 18 months of the Trump
administration versus the last 18 months
of the Obama administration wages have
gone up 1.7 percent under the deal at
the first 18 months of the Trump
administration they had inflation is up
3.8 percent that is simply a fact now if
you if you narrow if you narrow the time
horizon you can come up with numbers
you're talking about and this is why
people have to be careful about
statistics because I can come up here
and manipulate anything yes Latino wages
are up in fact the middle class is
making more money today than in $61,000
than in the past however like I say
inflation is up the cost of higher
education has gone up a hundred and ten
percent since 1994 so it doesn't matter
if the middle class is making sixty one
thousand dollars if to lead the middle
class life that you were talking about
is that much more expensive if the
middle class like the tax cuts they
wouldn't disfavor them far greater than
they do even Obama care at this point
right I mean so the bottom line is we
can throw out statistics but if they're
not contextualized it doesn't matter
okay so everyone knows the tax cuts went
to the wealthy am i demonizing them no
the point is that they have an inward an
amount of wealth and income in this
country and it turns into political
power and I know you have a problem with
that and the way to solve that is to
flatten the tax it's to not give them
tax cuts and more power and give
corporations more power in cash to pay
off their
they're shareholders which tend to be
the Board of Directors and the CEOs but
rather to spread the wealth so okay
there are some things I agreed with
however to contextualize it further it
doesn't make the economic growth
economic success any less exceptional or
any less historic because following the
same trajectory but my administration
was like this okay so forth he hasn't
screwed it up Sam saml III I routinely
restrain myself during your comments to
Allah thank you for that charlie and
that's a big deal for me if you watched
yesterday feel free to interrupt me when
you when you think I've said something
wrong if that you heard it everyone
heard it okay so let's I want to walk
through a couple points there the first
of all the big misconception that I have
with your original analysis is that just
because someone gets rich someone got
poor that is categorically false if a
wealthy person increases their net worth
they did not exploit someone to get
wealthier they had to take a risk employ
a bunch of people buy a building have a
really good idea and people had to
continue to buy that those products over
and over again and and and you and I
will have a philosophical and economic
difference in this I come from a
perspective that does not believe in the
zero-sum game and does not believe in a
fixed pie fallacy instead I believe that
when someone gets richer they must
employ an extraordinary amount of people
they to take a huge risk they to higher
than likelihood chance not to succeed
they probably borrowed money and then
they had to create something that all of
us had to buy over and over and over
again that inherently allows the
standard of living to increase for all
people prices to usually go down and
then you in enter competition it's very
very difficult to do that time and time
again and you see in market-based
economies you have to have really really
good ideas for a long period of time to
accumulate that kind of wealth let that
being said those that get wealthy
because of access to power such as 8 out
of 10 wealthiest counties in America
around Washington DC they're not
actually creating anything that I would
consider to be a value to the middle
class because they're they're being
rewarded to their geographic proximity
to
a four point four trillion dollar
federal budget that is extracting money
away from middle-class Americans those
are the lobbyists those are the trial
lawyers those are the people working for
the corporations that are lobbying not
on behalf of middle America but on
behalf of people around Washington DC so
in that you and I will agree well okay
the people who live in that the the the
counties you're talking about are
overwhelmingly arms sales and
military-industrial complex people I'm
not the from administration raised the
budget by military I don't agree by
seven hundred billion dollars over the
next ten years it's and that money's
flowing into those is that right or
wrong I don't agree with that though so
I will okay that's it that is Donald
Trump is the one who is leading but your
action so first of all but let me finish
didn't you say I can interrupt the
effusive if I said something wrong yes
so it's only seven hundred billion
dollars of our budget every single years
- but what's the rest it's to
entitlements it is to bureaucracies how
about the government contracts for
housing urban development the government
contracts for Health and Human Services
you were talking what about the
government contracts yeah
so those counties that cut the
government contracts outside of the
defense contracts are also what I my
critique a miniscule the three point two
trillion dollars is not ministration the
the not to made-up number let's talk
Kansas for a moment shall we
because okay can talk about what a small
business does for employment I'm a small
businessman and I understand what small
business does in Kansas if I have been
living in Kansas I would have gotten a
huge huge tax break because huge I'm an
S corp huge under Sam Brownback back in
2012 he brought in Arthur Laffer who I'm
sure you're familiar with is the god for
folks like you in many respects the idea
being if we cut taxes on the wealthy
they will spread this wealth it will
trickle down on all of us it will will
shower down on us right it will rain
upon us
we will all be sprinkled with this this
golden shower if you will and and the
economy will explode and people will
have jobs and everything will work out
in fact revenue will go up
that's what Mitch McConnell told us
after this tax cut - and what happened
in Kansas was a disaster it was such an
unmitigated disaster not only did it
destroy Kansas's educational system the
republican-controlled state house Rose
taxes four years later because their
economic growth lagged their employment
lagged and then Sam Brownback was
literally made ambassador - like ether
right he's like the ambassador to
religion now he has been jettisoned into
the atmosphere in some way because that
is the perfect example of the Republican
conservative philosophy and it failed
and we know that it's over now national
wealth and I chip in here because Mitch
McConnell made the same promise about
the deficit in fact Larry Kudlow the
chief economic advisor of the president
made the same promise in July and we now
have a deficit that is twice the size it
was when Obama left office and now Mitch
McConnell wants to cut Medicare and
Social Security
let me cuz of those taxes you're not
you're not gonna hear me you're not
gonna hear me defend federal deficits or
our exploding national debt quick fact
Barack Obama added more debt than any of
the present US history you know offend
do you defend these tax cuts that have
doubled the deficit so the tax cuts
should have been coupled with spending
cuts however we have explosive economic
growth we have more people in the labor
force than ever that's revenue coming in
you have trillions of dollars
repatriating back to America let me
finish I allowed you to have your Kansas
example now that we're talking about
States let's talk about the
juxtaposition of the failed state of
California with the successful state of
Texas
and and I think I I want I want I want a
country that's gonna look a lot more
like Florida and Texas and a lot less
like Illinois in California now what up
states like Illinois and California done
well they're losing citizens number one
they're losing job creators they're
losing entrepreneurs because they have
raised taxes they have reckless
politicians in both states like Illinois
in California what if Texas and Florida
done they've kept their taxes low both
have no state income tax they have
deregulated their economies you and Sam
would even agree with that Texas during
the Great Depression 2008 2009 2010
comprise one out of three of all jobs
created across the country and and if
you couple that with if you if you
juxtapose that if you will with Illinois
that in the Midwest the Midwest is
booming except Illinois every state in
the Midwest has a 3% GDP growth Illinois
has a 1.8 percent GDP growth despite
Chicago being an exceptional city that's
being screwed up by corrupt politicians
in one political party and you look at
California that should be the most
prosperous that should be the richest
state in the country and yes you'll say
you'll say it is the richest country it
also is the most populous country with
the most amount of homeless people with
the most amount of people living in
poverty with crumbling schools let me
finish Sam I I know you got plenty of
differences but as long as you want it
if you want to talk about States allow
me to address the Kansas example when
Kansas if you if you if you look at
Kansas versus a state like Connecticut
Kansas had higher economic growth and
was creating more jobs versus similar
size similar population blue states
during the Brownback tax cuts there are
a lot of other contributing factors to
why Kansas was not exactly a pristine
example of how to run a state such as
government corruption such as miss
allocation of resources and and other
diminishing businesses that went to
states like Texas that had a zero zero
state income tax and so if you want to
talk about the contrast the states it's
the red states that are eight nine out
of 10 of the most pro-business states in
America have Republican governors and
Republican legislators the the most
proud wrote ok states in America run by
Republicans I'm glad you mentioned it
though the reason why I bring up Kansas
is because the dynamic is identical to
the one that Donald Trump there's word
talking about that Donald Trump and the
Republicans did on a national level now
here's how the game works and this is
why it is zero-sum because you give
these massive tax cuts to the wealthy
and you repatriate money from overseas
that ends up going into shareholder
buybacks to stock buybacks
we know that 84 percent 84 percent of
stocks in this country are owned by the
top 10% this is a great point and great
and 60 percent of those tax dollars that
were repatriated went into the hands of
those people we saw no job growth as a
function of that repatriation we saw no
note none of the trickled down that
we're supposed to see we see these tax
cuts and then Mitch McConnell brings
down the hammer we're gonna cut Social
Security we're gonna cut Medicare these
are the most popular the most successful
programs in the country and the only way
the Republicans can cut them is to
create an economic crisis and that is by
giving money to wealthy people okay so
let's talk about the stock the stock
buyback so let's talk about the stock
buyback so you say 84% what that doesn't
contextualize to use your word is money
managers that are controlling money for
pension funds so I think Lou know it
doesn't Sam it does it does not look at
saks controls money look at holla for
new state pension fund its categorizes
Goldman Sachs controlling that money not
as the pension fund so when the stock
market goes up the teachers the
firefighters the police officers their
401ks go up their pensions go up and
their net worth goes up so when the
stock market explodes the network's am I
allowed you to finish your lying okay so
what for it for example when when when
GCT our partners from Chicago Sam answer
the question when goldman sachs controls
the california state pension fund is it
classified as the california state
pension fund buying the securities or
goldman sachs behind the securities
goldman sachs so when you use that you
know that's true
eighty-four percent I will tell you what
the numbers okay googly again so four
percent your number in stock rector
however to add context to it Sam is that
the money manager is in the one percent
but the money they're managing is
pension fund money that are people in
the middle class your classes so what
you're saying is not incorrect but it's
only half true because it is the middle
class people's money that they're
managing with that being said again when
let's use an example zero zero evidence
that repatriation create any jobs I'll
use a microcosm example how about
Foxconn that created four thousand jobs
in Wisconsin because they repatriated
the money away from Chinese
manufacturing jobs to American
manufacturing jobs four thousand new
jobs were created in Wisconsin because
the Trump tax cut that they directly
attributed to a pro-business
pro-american mindset that's four
thousand jobs in Wisconsin that
otherwise that not exists exist under
Republican governor Republican state
legislature and a president now that's a
microcosm example you said there's your
evidence that's a piece of evidence well
look people can look at the last time a
Republican president repatriated that
money it was the American Jobs Creation
Act 2005 George Bush promoted this he
has come out and subtly sent he got
rolled because all those companies that
wanted that to supposedly add jobs cut
jobs we know the these money went to
buybacks we know why buybacks are legal
now because of the Republican Party
changed that regulation in the 80s when
it used to be called stock manipulation
and we know that it benefits the CEOs
and the shareholders and that
eighty-four percent and it does not it
includes the California pensions it
includes every municipal and state
pension and 401k in the country thank
you
so but here's another thing I do want to
talk about because you talked about can
you can you explain to me when someone
gets richer who exactly gets poorer can
you explain how that process works like
when like for example when you explain
to you so who get folks you understand
the idea of buying power right if I give
you ma'am ten dollars and school costs
ten dollars you buy a school but if
school goes up to twenty dollars and you
don't have the same buying power what
drives the price of let's say housing
for instance it is wealth inequality and
you see this in ten cities across the
country the biggest metropolitan areas
in the country the middle class can not
afford to live there anymore because we
have real estate going through the roof
you're right and so you have you have in
states such as Illinois and Connecticut
in California because of excessive
property taxes people don't want to
purchase some of those houses so you've
wanted to give one or two problems that
happen is that the middle class gets
priced out so the wealthy if you will
the people that you are demonizing will
go up a bracket and they'll say well if
I'm gonna pay thirty five thousand
dollars a year in property taxes I might
as well buy this XYZ house therefore the
middle class person who's trying to sell
their house with an excessive property
tax burden has to all property taxes are
one of the main reason oh I know what
taxes are they're not nearly as much as
if the price goes up again so in states
like Illinois this property taxes can be
anywhere between six and a half to nine
percent for a state that doesn't work
for schools that schools are completely
and totally broken so but like let's you
the for the foreign investment things so
I'm still trying to get back let me go
back to the zero-sum game when an
entrepreneur renders a service and
employs a bunch of people and you buy
that service who is getting poorer in
that transaction because you've said
zero-sum game I'm trying to understand
cuts no you're right so tax cut we're an
average middle-class family had a $2,700
tax cut
where you have the corporate rate that
went from thirty five percent effective
I understand a lot of corporations that
not pay that they use loopholes of which
I disagree with completely went down to
20 20 percent effective in January
and they use that money to invest in
capital infrastructure or they
repatriate backs so see using the money
not by not exclusively so let's talk
buybacks how about companies where the
actual employees own the stock and
they're in their own net worth goes up
aren't they part of the middle class I
am sure there are some members of the
middle class who benefited from the
start the tax cut that's what I'm saying
Sam the overwhelming thrust who's
keeping someone from competing with
Amazon who's keeping someone from
competing with Google okay so I'm glad
you asked think someone nobody but you
know who's keeping them from you know
who's trying to compete for it
preventing them from keeping to the
prevent against Goldman Sachs and JP
Morgan the dodd-frank bill because it
has so much regulation and so and such
cumbersome rules it dis allows the local
community bank from ever competing
against the local community bank is
going to compete against Goldman so wait
hold on I'm so glad that's a great
question where do these banks start from
them Sam where did Wells Fargo's start
it started as a local community bank
that eventually did a very good job of
running their balance sheets and then
they became one of the Wall Street banks
it's not it's not unheard of that there
was no job Frank
exactly right it was before dodd-frank
Sam and they were not allowed to have to
merge until that 96 no again I think
there is some merit to your
glass-steagall argument I do not think
that is the primary factor why 2008
happened nor would I say that
reinstating glass-steagall will have
competition back on Wall Street we will
get competition back on Wall Street when
we decentralize the SEC when we
decentralize the FDIC we make it easier
for people to give out loans and have an
and have FDIC Deposit Insurance backing
that is so hard to do right now because
the goldman sachs doesn't want that
competition it's very simple when you
have someone from goldman sachs running
the treasury department that will
probably work for goldman sachs after
and they work for them before they're
gonna try to protect goldman sachs
interest what does that look like create
rules and regulation that make it very
hard for other banks to compete with
goldman sachs
you and i agree with that we agree that
the middle class is suffering for
trump's continuing to allow goldman
sachs in there maybe we should both vote
for Bernie Sanders well
so is the myth worn and and again it's
important to remember it's it's not just
a Republican or Democrat thing both
parties allow Goldman Sachs to run the
Treasury Department but let me say this
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders
definitively what she might one one
thousand twenty fourth allow it to be
run but do one 1024 the Treasury
Department might be run by someone from
Philly so well we still have a little
bit of time I want to make sure we talk
about trade and tariffs I suspect there
might be some agreement some
disagreement here I'll start with
Charlie give us your take on Trump's
trade policy his tariffs have had a big
impact particularly in the Midwest do
you agree with it disagree you tell us
your take I haven't I've been more
nuanced opinion on it I think what he's
doing with China is terrific I think
China has been has been an unfair actor
on the on the world on the world stage
for far too long they still are
categorized as a developing nation in
the World Trade Organization which
allows them access to subsidies they're
allowed there they build a coal-fired
power plant every single month which as
soon as they exit as a developing nation
under that certification it would be
much more difficult to do that Sam and I
might actually agree on that and look
china steals our IP so the way it works
in China is if you want to trade with
them you have to essentially form a
partnership with the government they'll
copy your good or service and then
they'll sell it back into the market
that you're competing and probably
quicker than it will take for you to
manufacture back in that country
generally I'm a free trade guy and if
the goal is to get too low tariffs with
some of these countries I'm all for it
but with China I consider them to be the
great existential threat of the west and
of America and I quote totally
completely support what Trump is doing
with China the Trump tariffs on China
and there are issues to some extent with
China the Trump tariffs on China are a
tax on the US middle class Ford is going
to be laying off close to 12% of their
workforce as a function of these steel
tariffs you have a lot of smaller
companies that are looking for
exclusions to these steel tariffs that
make pipe fittings or whatnot the Trump
administration because they have big
donors who are major US
manufacturers have denied every single
one of those waivers you see it with
Iowa farmers who are paying stand up to
about six hundred and twenty million
dollars worth of cost to Iowa farmers so
from a middle class perspective I think
the tariffs are are damaging them
there's some benefit in the new NAFTA to
some to some Auto Workers but it
codifies the monopolies by Big Pharma by
forcing these monopolies on Canada as
well and really look the number one
issue that the middle class is facing is
healthcare and that's why we see every
election across the country we see
Democrats running on health care and
Republicans pretending that they're not
signed on to the lawsuit that will
destroy some of the most popular
elements of the Affordable Care Act /
patient protection bill so maybe we
could turn to that where it'll be a
little bit I mean the trade I think we
can agree on part of it and disagree but
let's talk about health care first of
all the Trump tax cut also included a
repeal of the individual mandate which
was the largest tax on our generation
and if you don't believe its attacks
just read John Roberts opinion that
upheld Obamacare it is a tax on people
that do not need to necessarily buy
health insurance by force and we're
being forced to buy something that was
completely out of their income bracket
but but in health care in particular
there have been bill after bill that
would have lowered premiums that would
have allowed health insurance to be
bought across state lines that have been
opposed bitterly by Democrats and some
Republicans because they're bought by
the health insurance companies and I
would be much more on the on the side of
that we need to actually have a market
in health care and we have anything but
a market we have an ole agape an
oligopoly controlled by a consortium of
health insurance companies that are in
bed with the pharmaceutical companies I
agree is Sam that are also embedded the
regulators from the FDA and so you could
kind of see a constant theme on in
health care in higher education in
particular which are two things I talked
about a lot the reason why prices
continue to skyrocket in my opinion
which Sam will totally disagree is an
inside-out relationship between the the
entities that
are raising the prices and entities that
are controlling those markets and the
government regulators and government
institutions and government politicians
where you actually allow a market to
happen and you you deregulate and you
allow competition entrepreneurs to cut
prices that will that will end up that
that will change quickly there have been
probably a dozen waivers for in various
states across where insurance companies
can sell across states they don't do it
because their risk pools they're much
more comfortable in dealing with markets
they know when they go into other states
they lose money and that's why they
don't do it the idea that there's any
inhibition for insurance companies to
sell across states but there is no
federal law that says that they can't do
it each state has their own insurance
regulators that is not a federal law
whatsoever so they am trying it time and
time again the risk pools are different
they cannot make money that's why
insurance companies don't do it what is
going on now as twenty Republican states
are suing the federal government because
of that small tax that was the
individual mandate which incidentally
has risen the cost of premiums by almost
15% since Donald Trump estate so it
proves that young people were
subsidizing this backwards healthcare
system it proves that our generation was
being taxed that's right okay so it's
that's right so our generation has to
pay more for something we're not gonna
get well you don't know that you won't
get it right now if the Republicans have
their way you will lose your
pre-existing conditions if you had is
not correct saying that is 100% correct
the bill that was that was not to vote
it down I'm talking the lawsuit by 20
Republican states that is not being
defended by the Trump administration DOJ
if that lawsuit which is not being
defended by the federal government that
has the law is successful at the
republican-controlled supreme court if
you have pre-existing conditions you can
be denied your health insurance or you
can be charged through the roof if
you're 26 or younger you cannot be on
your parents thing you will have
lifetime cap
you have yearly caps you will not get
essential benefits you will not get your
free colonoscopy you will not get your
free man nothing is free Sam stop saying
that's nothing I mean it's not someone
someone doubt some taxpayers someone is
paying for its acts supported mammograms
or your colonoscopies and we will end up
paying even more because nothing is free
we pay a nation just set free calling us
well yeah Charlie a taxpayer-funded
colonoscopy would be a better way to put
it are you paying for the microphone no
well you're they're paying me to be here
so we're yeah okay
look the bottom line is yes when
government provides you services it
collects tax and that's the way it pay
for is it pay for way it's paid for it
is far more efficient to have a single
payer for health insurance then then the
private insurance industry in part for
the reasons you mentioned in part
because there's no profit off the top
but for those reasons we should probably
have a single-payer health insurance
program in this country so but um I hear
this argument a lot and I'm hearing you
imply it that somehow somehow a market
stops working as soon as it goes into
healthcare is that something that I mean
it works in food it works in housing it
works in technology well it doesn't work
out how old he goes up it doesn't work
in housing it doesn't work in housing no
we have general said yourself we have we
have how many homeless do we have in
this yeah because California has
excessive environmental irregular new
houses is there in Texas yes it Texas
they're far more deregulated than in
corneum do they have homeless people of
course but far less than in the state of
California I'm sorry do they have
section 8 housing in Texas yes but again
more homeless of course
so in housing we see the failure of the
private market we see it sir okay so
homeless or homelessness is not a
failure type of market untrue here's the
thing so the idea is that somehow if you
eliminate profit from health that help
profit should not be involved in
healthcare that's that's right okay
not not only is that so you would say
food is essential to healthcare to
living what why not have government
subsidize grocery stores we do
oh how sugar corn wheat we hay farmers
not to grow it's the opposite of some
literally sized activity we subsidize
not precise all of these products to
tell that we subsidize farmers not to
Purdue 1972 of which literally of most
subsidies here's here's the point comes
a market no matter where a market is
allowed to be enacted whether be in
health care any sort of sector you you
you will always see prices go down
quality go up and more people have
access to it I know you know the
principles in the market but it don't
stop working because you implement we
don't have a choice if you need health
care LASIK eye surgery is elective wait
so it's all someone who can't see happy
blind that gets LASIK that's somehow
elective because lasix LASIK eye surgery
is dealing with one of your vital organs
it takes someone with a high high
special specialization degree again well
sight sight might be elective to you
you're wearing glasses but I wouldn't
say that's necessarily elective but but
so but it but it requires a special
specialized technician surgeon doctor
and so it's not any less important
here's the thing there's two different
eras health care and there's health
insurance two totally different things
we have very bit we have the best health
care for those who can afford it correct
how do you how do you expand access to
something and get the price down a
market it works in everything Sam it has
failed and we don't have a market in
health care we do not we limit the
amount of doctors that go into health
care every single year we have a
national doctor quota that the American
Medical Association obviously I know
you've never heard of it you should you
should google it because it's what we
have in this country we have a national
quota of doctors at the American Medical
Association the American Medical
Association so many allow a certain
amount of doctor we have per doctors and
how many doctors per patients do we have
in this country enlighten me
we have what one to a thousand is it I'm
asking you enlightenment I think it's
close to one to ones
so when you have more doctors doing
something therefore you're gonna have
more competition in that pool which
would bring down prices and by the way
it's pricing smaller ratio far far
larger ratio in the other Western
industrialized nations and in fact they
spend far less on health care and have
they paid in taxes note Sam here's the
thing so you you Connor Mercado Tracy
you you're familiar with the mikata
study yes no tell me what it is
pecados is for Cadis I'm sorry the
Makeda study for light the Mercator
stuff which scored Bernie Sanders twenty
five trillion dollar thirty-two trailer
T two trillion right it's scored Bernie
Sanders single-payer health care program
at thirty two trillion dollars over the
course of ten years it's scored what we
would pay as a nation for healthcare if
we didn't do single-payer as being
thirty five trillion dollars right so so
your your your solution would then be to
take that in taxes and to appropriate it
for a single-payer that's Gerudo I don't
want to live in a country that has a
fifty five to sixty percent tax rate to
pay for something that I'm never gonna
benefit here's the problem you have
here's here's the problem don't tell me
what to do with my money old Ike away
sixty percent of my earnings charlie pay
for something that I'm not gonna benefit
if Charlie doesn't want to live in a
country that appropriates his money to
pay for health care for other people
he's got nowhere else to go except for
maybe a third world country because
every that is home westerlies rise
country I'm gonna give you the last word
doing that for their citizens and they
are saving money and providing better
health care outcomes with 56 less
highest tax rate the highest tax rate in
a country that Sam likes to talk about a
lot Norway is seventy eight percent
that's not a country that I want to live
in and maybe it is maybe this country
however say 90 percent highest tax rate
for 30 years during the best marginal
versus effective Sam you know there's a
difference do not demagogue it what are
you to explain to the audience marginal
versus effective you just demagogue
something what's marginal versus
effective marginal tax rate means that
for every dollar okay so it was it be
effective that's the difference it's a
effective tax rate in Norway is a
difference the effective tax rate was
probably about 80% it was it was it was
38% then it went up to 44% you just say
the tax rate the tax rate is under and
I'll point the tax rate under 20
Eisenhower went all the way up to 90
percent on the effectiveness every
dollar after $400,000 was taxed at a 90
percent rate that would be at about two
million dollars a year now and so the
marginal tax rate you can work it out we
have such incredible wealth inequality
than when you're talking about some of
the billionaire funders that we might
know or the tax rate we're not getting
at the effective tax rate is gonna be
quite high maybe 85% okay yes I love
builders that created millions of jobs
and wealth for all Americans I think we
should applaud them okay all right so
we're out of time we're we're we're out
of time here but I actually thought that
was a very constructive debate on the go
don't worry we got you covered you still
listen to TYT at our new podcast network
find us on Apple podcast at Google Play
Store or at TYT comm slash podcast
