Halloween's around the corner and you
may have seen earlier today there was a
certain costume making a lot of news it
is inspired by The Handmaid's Tale under
his eye so here it is
Yandy calm which is the place where you
buy this sexy costumes has a sexy
Handmaid's Tale costume described as
it's an upsetting dystopian future has
emerged where women no longer have a say
however we say be bold and speak your
mind in this exclusive brave red maid in
costume featuring a red mini dress a
matching cloak and an attached hood and
a white bonnet headpiece pantyhose not
included I love the voiceover I think
you you killed I watch The Handmaid's
Tale I watched every episode and I don't
know how anybody would say this is a
good wait so you're saying I don't know
if I have this straight
that government-sanctioned rape does not
turn you on that can be a little freaky
and it does it and like let's just say a
guy is like hey you're into this you'd
be you wouldn't be like yes it's on
we're good this is cool that's what
you're saying
quick quick update on it they took it
down from the website now when you go
try to buy it it gives you a statement
saying Andi has always stood and will
continue to stand at the forefront of
encouraging our customers to own your
sexy they go on and on and essentially
say over the last few hours it has
become obvious that our Andi brave red
maiden costume is being seen as a symbol
of women's oppression rather than
expression of women's empowerment this
is unfortunate and then they essentially
say we have taken it down yeah it was
not for women's empowerment Jessica
Valenti wrote I'm dressing up as
existential despair this Halloween and
kahshanna Road tomorrow
 global warming the TYT Plus app
is now available on iOS and Android
download to get more TRT content at TYT
comm slash app
