this morning Donald Trump released a
statement proclaiming today Columbus Day
now in this Proclamation Trump describes
Christopher Columbus's contributions to
the Americas which unfortunately
included mass killings rapings and
dismembering but nonetheless Trump wrote
the permanent arrival of Europeans to
the Americas was a transformative event
that undeniably and fundamentally
changed the course of human history and
set the stage for the development of our
great nation therefore on Columbus Day
we honor the skilled navigator and man
of faith whose courageous feet brought
together continents and has inspired
countless others to pursue their dreams
and convictions even in the face of
extreme doubt and tremendous adversity I
call upon the people of the United
States to observe this day with
appropriate ceremonies and activities I
also direct that the flag of the United
States be displayed on all public
buildings on the appointed day in honor
of our diverse history and all who have
contributed to shaping this nation ok
that was a lot to unpack but
unfortunately historical evidence shows
that Trump's facts might be alternative
facts and according to Bartolome de las
casas who participated in these
expeditions but actually became one of
the primary chroniclers of Columbus and
he wrote that this man of faith actually
carried out some pretty faithless
actions so he wrote endless testimonies
prove the mild and Pacific temperament
of the natives but our work was to
exasperate ravage kill mangle and
destroy and the Christians with their
horses and swords and Pike's began to
carry out massacres and strange
cruelties against them they attacked the
towns and spared neither the children
nor the Avett nor pregnant women nor
women in childbed not only stabbing them
and dismembering them but cutting them
to pieces as of dealing with sheep in
the slaughterhouse they lay bets as to
who with one stroke of the sword could
split a man in
- or who cut off his head or spill out
his entrails with a single stroke of the
pike
now even one of Columbus's own crew
members actually wrote and bragged about
his crimes he wrote while I was in the
boat I captured a very beautiful curried
woman whom the said Lord Admiral gave to
me when I had taken her to my cabin she
was naked as was their custom I was
filled with a desire to take my pleasure
with her and attempted to satisfy my
desire she was unwilling and so treated
me with her nails that I wish I had
never begun but to cut a long story
short I then took a piece of rope and
whipped her soundly and she let forth
such incredible screams that you would
not have believed her ears eventually we
came to such terms I assure you that you
would have thought that she had been
brought up in a school for fours so here
are so I just want to jump in for a
second yeah that was that was a lot okay
so first of all back to Trump statements
he didn't write those of course it had
words beyond a third greatest
capabilities really is tremendous once
yeah I know I saw that I was like that
must have an ad libbed yeah yeah a
transformative event that is not a
phrase Donald Trump has ever said the
only thing that stood out to me in his
statement that I mean probably written
by Stephen Miller who like is getting
whisperings from Bannon and his ear but
when he talks about the permanent
arrival of Europeans to the Americas
that is like dog whistling like alright
I'm here for you I'm calling for you we
have European you know roots and things
like that and that's what there's a
there's a call out to the diverse makeup
of this great of the nation or yeah the
word diverse but if you and if you look
through the rest of that Proclamation
things that we're necessarily quoted in
there they go off on a tangent about
Italian Americans because Christopher
and they and the diversity that it seems
that they're lauding is a diversity of
mixed European influences and not of
court I mean the statements about
indigenous peoples have been in similar
proclamations about Columbus day in the
past the ones that everyone's come to
expect the part where it says
Christopher Columbus made a journey
across the ocean and we
would be remiss if we did not take into
consideration the vast tragedy that
unfolded to people who already lived
there right but this is very much in in
incomplete concert with the strategy of
the Trump campaign to say make America
great again go back to basic things
racists say which is you know what
happened to Columbus Day when we just
had Columbus Day and we were happy that
he came across the ocean blue in 1492 I
remember that when I was in grade school
and knee pants yeah
so look we're about to show you the the
depth of the massacres that Columbus
committed and you know even just having
read those things and the first set of
quotes were from a missionary that was
there so a man of actual faith and
within historical context and he
couldn't believe the the massacres and
the foot butchering that was going on at
that time not later okay and that the
Lord Admiral is is Columbus authorizing
the rape of the women there and of the
entire land that they saw but so what
Trump team did here was they doubled
down on on Columbus is awesome and he
brought white Europeans here which is
great okay
the indigenous thing is a little
unfortunate right but when you see the
scope of how unfortunate it was to then
say yeah Columbus
he's our homeboy and we're gonna
celebrate that guy is is unbelievable
and look when I was a kid I sobered
Columbus Dave good I don't know that's
what I was taught and yeah and we're
like oh great he discovered America
even then I thought there's a little
weirdness seems like he met people so
how could he have discovered the
continent if there were all right but as
Hanna's about to tell you there wasn't
much left after yeah when when the
Spanish came they completely decimated
the native populations in fact there
were about 300,000 inhabitants of
Hispaniola in 1492 between 1494 and 1496
a hundred thousand had died half due to
mass suicide because they did not want
to give in to the space
and by 1508 the population was down to
60,000 and by 1548 it was estimated to
be only 500
not to mention all of the rapings I mean
he sold nine and ten-year-old girls into
like sexual slavery he would like cut
off people's ears
they would tie some of the natives
together and instead of if it felt like
it was too cumbersome cumbersome to
untie them they would just cut off their
heads because you didn't want to untie
them I mean this is like just a very
atrocities of this and to not even like
really mention that in your statement
and and you know even recognize that so
many cities and states around the
country now are saying that they're not
celebrating Columbus Day and in fact
they're celebrating indigenous peoples
day is it seems like a pretty glaring I
don't know if it was an oversight or
something on purpose now I wanted I do
want to show you guys these cities and
the states who celebrate indigenous
peoples day instead of Columbus Day so I
applaud them on doing that I think Los
Angeles is not on there but should be
included on there
they recently said that we were going to
be celebrating indigenous peoples day
instead so we just passed it a little
while ago in Los Angeles so that's good
news that's just recognizing history
nobody's saying you wipe it off the
history books in fact we should study it
way more than we do and if you're
wondering about the mass suicides I mean
look you could already tell from all the
things that Hannah said but a Columbus
would demand of not only the US but the
children a certain amount of gold every
day that they bring me but there was
that much gold in Hispaniola but he went
on the voyage for greed and he was gonna
destroy everything his past to get the
gold and so if they couldn't get the
gold he'd chop off one of their hands
and tied around their necks and they'd
have to try to get it with the rest of
their hands so and then there was a
non-stop rape etc and and the this the
killings were soaring to scorn anyway
all they had was it seemed a short
brutal life as long as Columbus was in
charged until they would one day be
killed that's part of why they did mass
suicides so it almost can't get worse
they went from 300,000 people down to
500 it's as big a massacre
or genocide is and certainly within the
historical context of how many people
were there and per capita as anyone has
ever seen to celebrate that guy is just
a born monster yeah creating a monster
and I think you know a lot of history
books cut out especially when you're
younger they cut out the atrocities and
the horrible acts that he committed but
it's so important to include those and
to teach kids then to teach kids of
sometimes of our ugly history and I know
that we don't like to admit to that and
we don't like to admit to the evil that
we've committed as a country sometimes
or as a people sometimes but it's so
important to do so so that we don't
repeat history and we don't try to wipe
out you know different cultures like
some people would like to see right now
and if you if you loved Columbus Day as
a kid
this isn't this information is not an
affront towards you personally and I
feel like when facts come out about what
happened really with Columbus a lot of
folks who support the traditional
interpretation of Columbus Day say
you're fighting back against me
personally and the answer's no this is
just more information because it's very
obvious that this simple definition of
Columbus coming over here to the
Americas and setting up the possibility
for exploration of the new world that's
just way too simple because it's very
obvious that it was at the expense of
the people who lived here before but you
know what I will end on a fun note on
this otherwise horribly tragic story by
saying that I have a solution for how to
fix this I think actually if Trump makes
it to the next indigenous peoples day
that he would call Columbus Day okay I
think we can convince him to get rid of
it a Columbus Day if we just explained
to him that they came over on the Nina
the Pinta and the Santa Maria and they
were undocumented immigrants watch the
young turks commercial-free downloaded
or stream it watch it anyway you like a
TYT Network comm /join
