after the Miami Dolphins coach made
three of his players stay inside the
tunnel during the national anthem
because they wanted to protest a model
has released a video of one of the
assistant coaches allegedly snorting
cocaine to get back at the coach for
this decision take a look at this video
maybe miss you thinking about you how
about me going to a meeting and doing
this before I go
there's those big rains falling but I
miss you I miss you hard what do you
think crazy I'll bet it's gonna be a
while before we do this again cuz I know
I'm gonna keep that baby but I think
about you when I do it I think about how
much I miss you how we get together how
much fun I was so much in love the last
little bit before I go get ba ba ba what
he says next
he has since resigned he says that he is
going to be spending time with his
family and medical professionals okay I
don't know what my favorite part of that
video was the the particles falling out
of his nose I know we can't do this for
a while because I ain't gonna keep that
baby Oh or I wish this was licking your
way you just it's like a whole extra
deep level of her pregnancy it's like
some kind of soap opera stuff the only
thing that I do want to say about this
video is that a lot of people a lot of
articles since then have been talking
about who she is and why she would want
to publicly embarrass him like this and
blah blah blah like let's not focus on
her let's focus on why these people are
protesting why they should have the
ability to protest and the fact that
this guy is like snorting on company
properties yeah so look I would actually
have somebody with him I I think that
drugs should be legalized he seems to
care for her and doesn't want to
endanger a baby I there's a lot of
upside in France right and and she'd
look at is it a little bit of a betrayal
of trust on her part but in a league
that keeps somebody out of the league
for kneeling during the anthem and a
league that gives draconian punishment
for just smoking marijuana if one of the
coaches is doing cocaine I guess he's
got to go and yes he stepped out he's he
has a different kind of meeting to go to
now support independent media come join
us the Young Turks TYT Network
calm /join
