Donald Trump went on Mike Huckabee's
program on Trinity Broadcasting Network
so Huckabee's former governor of
Arkansas ran against Donald Trump
briefly I got his ass handed to him and
now spends most of his time sucking up
to him but they started the interview
very informally talking about Huckabee's
daughter who's Huckabee Sanders the
press secretary for Donald Trump oh this
is cute let's elect president let me get
right to the most important question I'm
gonna ask you today tell me how good is
your press secretary well I think she's
perhaps one of the most talented I've
ever known
she's and actually first of all your
daughter is a great person she is a
great human being and she stepped in and
it's not easy you know you have a lot of
haters out there screaming questions
when I look at those people they're just
hating they never thought this was gonna
happen and it happened for a lot of good
reasons but she has done it with
brilliance and with coolness and we're
very very happy with the job she's doing
Sarah's a very exceptional person just
know that you did a good job your wife
did a better job my wife did a better
job and just know that we will forever
vote for you for having just said that I
understand I understand it okay all
right now that that circle drew was done
in that case quite literally this is
they're both jerks
I think you got it anyway let's go to
the heart of this interview this is
about the chrism he took for his
attitude in Puerto Rico look I don't
want to rehash the whole thing but he
went over there and he's like I you put
our budget out of whack he implied that
Puerto Ricans were lazy we're not
helping in their own rescue efforts he
went after the mayor and then he thought
he was having a good time so he started
throwing paper towels when he was giving
away much-needed supplies here let's
take a look at that video room
that's the president in the middle of a
disaster
if it was another story anyway and he's
doing a campaign stop that's actually
kind of fun but in people died me
Zachary no Hurricane Katrina was bigger
that was a real hurricane but okay all
right fine hey have some fun and he told
some people that to have a good time
oh my god so how could be of course
gonna do a very hard-hitting interview
about this let's watch we really did a
good job I mean one example they had
these beautiful soft towels very good
towels and I came in and there was a
crowd of a lot of people and they were
screaming and they were loving
everything and we were I was having fun
they were having fun they said throw
them to me throw them to me mr. Bray and
so I'm doing some of them they had these
beautiful soft towels everything has to
be over-the-top they're just normal
paper towels I have no idea of how
beautiful or soft they are they take
these beautiful soft towels okay and
people are throwing to me throw open to
me so I threw up to him first of all
even if they told you to throw them to
them use your Chuck you're the president
you should just pause for a second go
wait is that a good idea or does this
look really stupid
so now but it turns out of course it's
the media's fault
all these are awesome wait till you get
to the last clip you're gonna love it
alright here we go
here's more so the next day they said oh
it was so disrespectful to the people it
was just a made-up thing and also when
they had when I walked in the cheering
was incredible you were a rock star I
saw this guy's video of it was crazy
the cheering was it was deafening they
turned down the sound so that you just
heard the announcer as Donald Trump oh
you are rock star you were any words I
was it was crazy I was such a big star
it was a hurricane you were supposed to
go to help with relief because people
had died and at that point we still
couldn't reach folks because
communication was down the roads were
down and he said I was a rock sir I was
great comedians not telling the truth
about how great I was
oh the people of Puerto Rico loved me
yeah let's do a poll see if that's true
but it isn't about you God he is so
self-absorbed
child he's such an egomaniac and
Huckabee is there helping him like oh
you almost finished Donald keep going oh
it's your sister roster you're almost
there Donald so now he's gonna go after
his critics watch we have a mayor of San
Juan Puerto Rico who didn't attend
meetings who didn't work with FEMA who
really did not do a very good job in
fact did a very poor job and she was the
lone voice that we saw and of course
that's the only voice the media wanted
to talk to the and she's running for
governor just you know big surprise I
know you're shocked to hear that she's
running for governor but she's not a
capable person and my people were
telling me that to start off with so we
did a great job
remember everybody we did a great job
I'm awesome I want you to remember that
and anybody who's ever criticized me
because their people are suffering and
dying they surrender for governor
that's terrible terrible maybe you
should help her recover from the
hurricane not now she criticized me I
hate her okay how about people who
praise you whoo that's a different story
let's watch the governor is a terrific
guy who was praising the job we've done
almost every mayor I think there's over
70 were praising us and they were
praising us the congresswoman does
terrific single congressman represents
you know
congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez cologne
she represents 3.5 million people
actually the most of any Congress person
but she has been incredible in her
praise of the job we've done well look I
give him credit he pulled out the name
for a second there you you all thought
he wasn't gonna be able to say the name
right anyway now remember everybody all
about me
everybody's praising me what hurricane
what coming in what's that Oh people
died remember back to the praise of me
megalomaniac 101 okay now here comes the
ending
the media is is really the word I think
one of the greatest of all terms I've
come up with is fake I guess other
people have used it perhaps over the
years but I've never noticed it it's
serious times and our hurricanes are
serious the guy could start World War 3
but really no one else had used the word
fake before well at least you hadn't
noticed it anyway anybody use it I
haven't noticed it that's the first time
I heard the word fake even if he meant
fake news the word phrase fake news
first of all has of course existed in
the past but was used about the fake
news websites that were supporting him
during the likes and that's where it
came from
that's out you know I'm in the word fake
and have I told you during this
interview how great I am this national
embarrassment is our president
we gotta get amount of office
immediately immediately before God knows
what he does with those beautiful soft
towels help us build the independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
