BuzzFeed news has released an explosive
expose revealing some of the roots
behind Breitbart now they've included
emails documents videos showing that the
site has roots in neo Nazism
white supremacy and the alt right now if
you have read this expose there is a ton
to unpack
I implore you all to read it very
thoroughly but today we're just gonna
break down a few of the main takeaways
from this entire article the first being
that Breitbart actively courted and
solicited opinions from neo-nazis and
white supremacist leaders for their work
and their articles specifically for one
article that was titled an establishment
conservatives guide to the alt right now
this piece co-written by Illume Bukhari
and Milo you innopolis starts off some
mostly establishment types insists it's
little more than a vehicle for the worst
dregs of human society talking about the
all tripe anti-semites white supremacist
and other members of the storm front set
they're wrong but BuzzFeed showed us
that Milo prior to writing the article
reached out to the system administrator
for the neo-nazi web site the daily
stormer Andrew we've honor heimer editor
of the white nationalist magazine
American Renaissance Devin saucier and
neo reactionary courtesy Arvin to
solicit ideas so the BuzzFeed article
shows these fists email thread of Milo
saying hey I'm writing this article on
the alt right I'm sure you're gonna want
to have a say in it too all of these
like neo-nazis and white supremacist so
that was one main take away were you
guys surprised by that I mean the things
in this article are like bombastic but
like not surprising well I think the
important thing is that guys like Milo
and you know Gavin McGinnis and these
guys that are you know that we would
consider like basically guys on the
alright they make the distinction
they've always said that they're not
alright that they're all light and that
we don't associate with those crazy Nazi
you know racists that are unlike the
sort of hard
right but this article clearly shows
that they not only associate with them
but they actively solicit their advice
on stories and are basically just using
their own platform to try to make their
hard right like white supremacist views
a little bit more palatable for your
kind of typical conservative yeah I mean
it's all the stuff all the stuff you
could do technologically also like they
they're doing everything in their power
to galvanize build an audience and so
you can do that you you ways you can do
that is to call the audience you want
and ask them what they want I'm sure
they're also looking at the different
permutations of headline strategy and a
story selection and see what gets the
most clicks from the same people over
and over again
the people that come back the most and
you can you can absolutely you know
tailor your strategy in accordance with
what you learn ya know and and I agree
with you like there a lot of it that is
revealed in this article goes into their
strategy and back to a nano said it's
like a lot of it is rebranding right
they're trying to rebrand like neo
nazism white supremacy and oftentimes
you can see through these email threads
that they had to like call each other
out being like oh that's a little off
brown that's a little too transparent
for the ideals that we're trying to
perpetuate like when neo had to be told
not to host racists on his podcast so he
wanted to have a neo-nazi hacker we
varna himer on his podcast he said great
provocative guest he's one of the
funniest smartest and most interesting
people I know very on-brand for me and
then you got a response saying hey got
to think about it he's a legit racist
this is a major strategic decision for
this company and as of now I'm leaning
against it now when we're talking about
legit racist you would be surprised that
you can find out who's a legit racist by
looking at their passwords now Milo used
legit racist passwords and that had
blatantly anti-semitic in donations to
them like an April 6 email you can see
that along Bakari mentioned having had
access to an account of you know places
with a password that began with the
Christel obviously an allusion to
crystal knocked from the 1938 riot
against German Jews another email thread
from June 2016 to an assistant you
novelist shared the password to his
email which began Long Knives
1290 the night of the Long Knives
obviously and 1290 is the year that King
Edward the first expelled the Jews from
England so it's good they yeah they had
hidden behind such simple strategies as
like well we're not racist we have a
Muslim writer yeah we're not you know
we're not a Muslim I loathe Jewish ways
of Jewish to say yeah a panel with Joel
Pollak who's one of the main writers yes
thanks for remembering people called him
out for sort of the the just bigotry
that Breitbart spews his sort of like
reflex response was well like I'm a Jew
he was wearing a yarmulke the pedal
writer ISM it's like hey okay
like cool just because you're Jude
doesn't make you not a racist I mean I
mean this dude we've that Milo wanted to
have on his podcast works for the daily
stormer which is like me neo-nazi site
this rumor was the name of the
periodical and Nazi Germany this storm
yeah so I mean the guy the
editor-in-chief of Breitbart this guy
Alex Marlow comes off as like this like
sad pathetic dude
hidden the piece where he's just like
like kind of overwhelmed by all these
like you know crazy requests to have
like you know explicitly anti-semitic
articles he's like well we can't do that
that's like explicitly as I submitted it
you can't he's like I cannot okay like
gasps Bruce jokes they drew the line
there yeah uh speaking of Nazis there's
been some karaoke footage Milo that has
been released that I'd like to show you
guys because in it you can see that some
of the on onlookers include Richard
Spencer and some other minds take a look
at this footage of Milo's singing
America the Beautiful
all right
so you can see how that the onlookers
are giving the Nazi salute now Milo says
that he added that he has severe myopia
so severe nearsightedness so it was
impossible for him to see
buta way unfortunately for Milo a video
a thousand words take a look at this
next part of the video because it was so
ridiculous and so absurd in the ways
that they have tried to rebrand the alt
I mean rebrand Nazism rebrand white
supremacy rebrand like the KKK to be
like cool and alternative or whatever
we're Laska it's so so ridiculous oh so
transparent yeah essentially but it's I
mean it's not funny because they
basically you know got moved like a
large portion of our country to and
brainwash them into believing some of
the things that they believe now just
sort of behind this cool terminology
watch step away I think to play the
really interesting thing in the art got
me new okay shocker mile is a disgusting
racist right but the real interesting
thing that I thought in the article was
that like there was many sort of people
who were secretly fans of Breitbart and
feeding them kind of story ideas that
are that were in mainstream outlets or
in sort of or and even liberal outlets
you know like there was a sorry sorry
sorry
no I do think that was I agree with you
that was like the sort of the biggest
mind of all of this right because
there's a lot of these like
quote-unquote liberals working for
liberal outlets that basically gave Milo
tips including Mitchell Sunderland who's
the senior staff writer for vices
women's channel broadly who asks eunuch
list to mock New York Times columnist
Lindy West whom he called a fat feminist
david arabic who is a former tech
reporter for slate he passed along
background information about the love
life of anita sarkeesian
during the gamergate target and there
was a whole
host of people and writers and people
who work in Hollywood who were basically
passing along with reach people within
Google people Hollywood people who
worked for II who passed along this
information of seemingly things that
were to PC within their organizations
and then had Milo write about that's a
thing and it's important distinction
just because journalists have a line of
communication with terrible people does
not make them terrorists they're
terrible
like I mean well a lot of the best
journalism ever done is journalists
sitting down with whack jobs and shit
birds right but like you should write
about this mildly like me like me and I
think both sections of this bleed
together in this in this dynamic of what
some might call locker room talk but
others might look at and say this is
severe terrible acidic racism of people
like Milo who are in his karaoke
performance with other people who don't
know they think they're comedians they
think they're funny that they don't know
how to get people to like them or laugh
at them they just think to give them the
ultimate benefit of the doubt they think
by saying the universally worth seeming
thing that they get a pass because it's
a joke and mix that with people who who
aren't doing that people who are
genuinely terrible racists and you get
another level to the echo chamber of
people reinforcing and you read it
there's writing about it a lot of folks
don't know the difference and then
there's just twice as many bastards out
there that are working together yeah
there's definitely like the jokey aspect
of it right and so that's Milo's claim
when he writes you know these things
about birth control and feminist
feminism is a cancer he says that he's
just trying to be inflammatory and get a
response but then when you look at some
of the emails especially between him and
Bannon and Bannon sort of like
threatening him putting him in his place
saying that he needs to you know really
stir up drama all of his emails and and
hash
Tagg war there's evidence well can we
talk about bad-uns email style he emails
like a like a 13 year old girl on name
yeah that's like the that was like one
of the more shocking revelations of this
thing yeah he does use the u instead of
yr yes but i mean that's the thing is he
but he does
despite that yeah despite that he does
keep up communication with my low when
he goes into the white house
milo talks about evidence that trump
used some of my lows quotes and some of
the things that he has said before in
speeches so there's a direct clear
direct line of communication there which
should terrify us all I mean I think
like we can laugh at some of these
things and we can be like oh my god this
is so so ridiculous but these are people
who truly and firmly believe this and
want to change the country and they
commend each other on talking about
European roots and getting back to our
Western civilization we need somebody on
the Western war front and all of this
crazy ludicrous things and it's serious
and they're serious they want this war
and they want to make this country like
completely white qit membership gets
your commercial-free Young Turks
downloaded stream it podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm slash
join
