NFL quarterback Cam Newton is making
headlines for his response to a female
reporter's question let's take a look
now you take a lot of pride in seeing
your receivers playing well Devin
Funchess just seemed to really embrace
the physicality of his brows and making
getting those extra yards does that give
you a little bit of an enjoyment to see
him kind of trucks taking people out
there it's funny to hear female talk
about routes like it's funny but fun is
coming along man we don't we don't know
this is a big game for him because if
you know him being from Detroit so that
wasn't a particularly funny question
Jordan rogue was that beat reporter for
the Carolina Panthers she is said on
Twitter that she wasn't asking about
routes to be funny she was doing it
because it was her job she also went on
to say he's a lot of people were asking
well did you speak with Cam Newton
following this interaction she said on
Twitter I spoke with him after and it
was worse I chose not to share because I
have an actual job to do today and one
he will not keep me from a lot of media
organizations have spoken out about cams
response people are saying it was very
inappropriate one was the associate
Association for women in sports media
they said the following awsm is very
discouraged by Cam Newton's
disrespectful remarks and actions
directed to a female reporter during
today's Carolina Panthers press
conference as a watchdog group awsm
demands fair treatment and positive
workplace environments for women working
in sports media now a lot of people that
I've seen online I talked about this
with the TYT sports team who are
excellent please check out their channel
it's are saying well what is the
importance of having female
representation in a male-dominated
industry well let's just remember that
nearly 50% of NFL plans are women so
there they should be they should be
represented there because if we have
fans you don't have a league and then
also it's worth noting that Danone has
decided they will not renew a contract
with him I've heard it reported that Dan
and dropped him that's not the case
they're just not renewing their contract
and now with that said we have an
all-female panel today to discuss why
these remarks are inappropriate and
disrespectful what was your response
when you saw this were you surprised
well I don't know anything about him
was I surprised no when people were
mentioning his name I'm like I don't
know where that guy is so I didn't know
anything about his background and the
reason why I say I'm not surprised is
because you know that mentality still
exists in the sports world where it's
like surprising to some people that
women are interested in sports that
women want to report on sports and I'm
also not surprised because it involves
an NFL player and the culture around the
NFL even considering the fact that 50%
or a half of their viewers are women and
half of their consumers are women more
importantly they still try to back their
players went in domestic assault cases
those stories were running rampant a
couple years ago they backed their
players when it comes to most situations
like this and they'll try to brush it
under the rug and even today I forget
which NFL official it was I apologize
but I was listening to his statement and
he essentially said you know he kind of
brushed it off and then said but you
know I'd rather talk about this upcoming
game and immediately talked about the
upcoming game so look I I think it's
important to consider that in a lot of
households the female has a considerable
amount of buying power
she budgets the money I'm not saying
that that's the most important thing to
consider but for those of you who are
like oh whatever who cares don't hurt
you're hurting a people some people's
feelings it's not a big deal well it
will hurt your bottom line so if you
think it's not that big of a deal I mean
we'll see how that turns out when you
know your ticket sales decrease and your
merchandise sales decrease and then one
other thing someone had mentioned to me
I was debating a a man over this and
he's like I don't think that's what he
meant I was like okay so what did he
mean and I'm curious does anyone have an
answer for that because the individual I
was debating couldn't give me an answer
about what his potential intention could
have been by laughs was he implying by
laughing I don't know I mean what I
would think is that he probably is
interviewed a lot by men who are not
professional football players now it'd
be different if she was playing an
armchair quarterback and say
you missed that throw like I could have
done that you know people do that
sometimes it's not good reporting that's
not what she did she asked a very
legitimate question and if you if you
were to have said that heard well Jordan
is actually a pretty gender-neutral name
say that Jordan was a man I don't think
that he would have found the question as
funny even though you know she may be or
he or she doesn't have any football
experience does that make sense I think
the only thing that I could think of is
that he's laughing at a reporter asking
a question that he presumes she'd to
have no experience over but you don't
need to have played the sport to have
extensive knowledge of mentioned female
I know his wording was so specific I
just find it funny that a female is
mentioning rouse all right so then
Holden would it have been different if
he had said I just find it funny that a
reporter is asking me about routes what
do you know about routes you haven't
played the game would this be a news
story um problem maybe maybe some people
would make it a news story but I don't
think that it would be as clear and I
don't I don't even know if we would ever
talk yeah most reporters haven't played
you know that's how they were reporting
you know so I think the story is the
obvious sexism what bothers me is that
he laughs in our face yeah so it's like
it's just disrespectful
it's stupid so cognizant really
condescending and it's stupid and to
your point about the bottom line you
know you lost the yogurt endorsement but
just eat yogurt like you gotta pay
attention to yeah what are you doing
they'll sign to Under Armour and Under
Armour like they're not gonna budge like
he still has other endorsements yeah
Under Armour is also problematic for
different reasons but you know I will
say that this whole story is a good
lesson in intersectionality in that it
did come out that this reporter and her
background has some some unsavory
initially racist tweets yeah um so then
now the conversation is about you know
if she's racist and he's sexist right
like again my point my motto is that two
things can't be true everybody needs to
get their politics together
Tamm and I felt get your gender politics
together and another thing that when we
were covering the story that I asked our
sports team about that they brought up
is that there's a little bit of
double-standard they cited rob
gronkowski is another NFL player and
they're saying that he's made sort of
inappropriate remarks to reporters
female reporters and I I don't know that
specific the specifics of those
statements but I trust Jason urban very
much and he said that you know when he
does that it's he's being playful he's
messing around now Cam Newton makes this
remark which is again it's still
disrespectful and he comes under
national media scrutiny sure we don't
see that carried over Rob Gronkowski's a
white player just for reference sounds
like yeah sure all of this is racialized
I mean I'm president it is not under
scrutiny then not doesn't fall under the
same kind of scrutiny and he's said
awful things about women but I do think
again that two things can be true that
like if we don't want to be disrespected
let's work on our politics our race
politics our gender politics our
politics around sex right like we need
to be better and I think that it's
interesting that these two things kind
of come to the fore at the same time if
you like this video you love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
