so there's a really interesting article
from The Washington Post that tells the
story of hey Zeus Chewie Medrano he's a
landscaper from Denver and he had this
plan to hire American and it really just
ended up with him having to hire more
Mexican workers let me break down the
details here so kokal is a Denver based
landscaping company hires dozens of
temporary workers from Mexico each year
because it can't find enough Americans
to take the jobs and this is a company
owned by his Chewie Medrano now in
landscaping tourism seafood processing
and other seasonal industries employers
are desperate to find Americans who will
stay on the job for the pay they are
able to offer $14 an hour is the
starting salary at Medrano sperm until
now those industries have leaned heavily
on a controversial visa program for
seasonal workers called h-2b visas but
Congress has reduced the number of
available visas by nearly 30 percent
from 2016 and president Trump's promise
to limit legal as well as illegal
immigration and protect American workers
has Medrano worried he was once an
undocumented worker so he used to hire a
lot of undocumented workers just to sort
of pay it forward because it was what
what happened to him how he got on his
feet when he first came to the United
States but now he sees that the climate
is changing in the country he wanted to
hire more American workers but it didn't
really work out he raised the hourly
wage for unskilled laborers to 1395 50%
more than Colorado's minimum wage he
stopped firing workers for absenteeism
including a foreman who went AWOL during
a two-week drinking binge
he hired more women allowing mothers to
her just the hours their children are in
school as well as high school and
college students on summer break and
still he was short-staffed some showed
up to orientation only to say I'm not
going to do that for $14 an hour Medrano
recounted new hires unaccustomed to work
boots complained of sore blistered feet
some walked off the job after three days
and this drove him to a desperate point
kokal had to submit paperwork showing
that the company would suffer permanent
irreparable harm without hiring Myron's
the company's request was approved
within two weeks and Medrano was on his
way to Mexico to meet with the workers
and they ended up completing their
season but it really had him scrambling
at the end this is such an interesting
story please check out the full article
on the Washington Post but first let me
get a reaction from the South excuse me
I mean I'm not surprised this is
something that happens over and over
again it happens with farmers and
farmers who increase the wages
significantly offer benefits including
health care retirement plans they do
everything they can to attract American
workers because they're concerned
especially under the trump
administration that they will face some
sort of consequence if they hire
undocumented immigrants to do the work
and they can't find people who are
willing to do the job that's not based
on my opinion that's based on fact
what's happening throughout the country
with various industries and I people
don't believe it but it's true it's
happening yeah and also I mean what he
says is that yeah he was able to
complete a season he was able to get the
work done but he said that it was just
like a little bandaid on the problem
that his company is going to face and
and he senses that the climate is
changing so he had to make some changes
but it reads like a parable you know it
really reads like well that you know
this law was put in a place and then
this happened and he tried to do this
and then this happened and it's really
frustrating because this is an honest
guy trying to make an honest living at
his landscaping firm I just want to
quickly mention one other specific
example there were wineries in Napa
California that had previously hired
undocumented immigrants to pick the
grapes and that that's a difficult job
and they decided okay we're gonna comply
with laws and ensure that we hire
American workers and guess what they're
their grapes would rot because they
couldn't find people to fill those jobs
so this is a real problem and even with
the wages increasing well above minimum
wage they're having a hard time you know
attracting those workers and it's
something to keep in mind when we're
having these ridiculous black or white
debates about immigration if you like
this clip of The Young Turks you know
there's a whole live two-hour show 6 to
8 p.m. Eastern every day and you could
download it or stream in and watch it
without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
