Donald Trump is expected to make a
statement publicly in regard to D
certifying the nuclear deal with Iran
now the press has obtained information
from individuals close to the president
these are essentially White House
officials and military officials who are
insiders and have a clue as to what
Trump is planning on doing next week but
before we get into the details I do want
to be clear that they cautioned that
Trump could change his mind and do
something completely different so this
is a preliminary report about what Trump
plans on doing with the nuclear deal
with Iran and as you know he has been on
the record on various occasions talking
about how he feels the u.s. is getting a
raw deal with the agreement that was
made now let's get to the details of
what's going on Trump plans to announce
next week that he will D certify the
international nuclear deal with Iran
kicking the issue to a reluctant
Congress now decertify is the key word
there because it doesn't mean that he's
entirely scrapping it it just means that
he is now saying mmm I don't certify it
which by the way the deal indicates that
the president after X amount of time
would have to certify it and recertify
and he's decided not to do so and so
he's saying hmm
I want Congress to take a look at it I
want to negotiate I want a better deal
and then if we get a better deal then
maybe I won't impose sanctions on Iran
now if you can remember this is all
about Iran at testing or developing
nuclear capabilities and Iran has been
complying with the deal that was agreed
upon and I'll give you the details to
that
now this decertification would
essentially start a 90-day congressional
review period to consider the next steps
for the United States on its own the
step would not break the agreement among
Iran the United States and other world
powers but would start a clock on
resuming sanctions that the US had
lifted as part of the deal now Trump is
also expected to deliver this speech on
October 12th which is next week
laying out a larger strategy for
confronting the nation it blames for
terrorism and instability throughout the
Middle East
so just to be absolutely clear there are
other countries involved in this deal it
wasn't an agreement or a negotiation
between Iran and the United States and
those two countries alone
you had other countries including China
and Russia involved and they've been
very clear about the fact that they like
the deal and they have no intentions of
renegotiating also Iranian president
Hassan rouhani said last month that he
will not reopen the deal for negotiation
so he's standing firm and
representatives of Iran China and Russia
told Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
the same thing during a meeting on the
sidelines of the United Nations General
Assembly session now Rex Tillerson does
not agree with Donald Trump's stance on
the Iran deal and it is interesting that
we're getting word of you know this
change in foreign policy literally a day
after NBC news broke a story regarding
Rex Tillerson calling Trump a moron so
could that have fueled Trump's decision
to do this possibly I mean I think it
might be a factor but to be fair Trump
has been very aggressive in stating his
opposition to the deal the way Trump
represents his foreign policy to the
world and mostly to his base is one that
I'd he doesn't he might change his mind
at any time right he doesn't want to lay
out his strategy ahead of time and
that's the face he's put forward is that
you don't know what he's gonna do now
conveniently that coincides with you
know could something that could be
interpreted as not having any real
approach that's one side of it and then
again like the way it could also be
interpreted is that Rex Tillerson is the
good cop and Trump's trying to be the
bad idiot like it's the one of those
moves where he's just trying to put in
front of the world I'm the one who wants
to take this thing tear it up if you
don't want to face me you better deal
with Rex
but the problem is does anyone have any
confidence that Trump self-professed
amazing negotiator could really actually
negotiate anything
one way to interpret the moves that he's
making right now is that he's gonna go
from a deal that was made to ensure some
kind of oversight over Iran developing
nuclear weapons into essentially a high
sanction package which is essentially it
seems like what we had with North Korea
which is a strategy that he says is
stupid anyway so are we going to
backslide into another thing I don't you
know that the sanctions don't work with
North Korea but here's the thing the
sanctions are actually more effective
with North Korea because you know the
international community disagrees with
what North Korea is doing in this case
the other world powers that are involved
in this deal disagree with Trump so
they're not planning on imposing
sanctions so it would just be the United
States imposing sanctions and by the way
real quick to the point regarding Trump
being a great negotiator this is now the
second time that he has attempted to
undo legislation or undo something that
Obama did during his administration by
saying I don't like it and so as a
result I'm gonna throw it over to
Congress so they can deal with it is
that a good negotiator right and what is
Congress done it's proven that it can't
do anything in the eye probably what
Congress will do is go do some kind of
calculation that has nothing to do with
the effectiveness of any change in
policy but rather the effect on whether
they'll get voted back into office and I
just think that this is one of those
it's one of those issues that the
general population will not have the
ability really to understand enough so
it's possible they would be asked if if
the if Congress goes back with the same
nuclear deal as we had before will you
be able to stay in office and the voters
will say sure I guess I don't know the
only difference is if these you know
these stones and the pile of failed
initiatives pile up high enough maybe
this will be I mean II guess to change
the metaphor the straw that broke the
camel's back but I just don't see that
happening what's most disturbing to me
is how many damn fronts this guy's
opening up whereas he escalated he
escalates everything as
North Korea escalating the situation
with Iran escalated Steph Curry
escalated ice in his blood
Steph Curry the most laid-back person in
the universe the guy who's like entire
countenance is a you mad bro meme and he
escalated him going to a party to a
national disaster it's terrible I don't
know where is he's escalated unnecessary
tensions between the US mainland and
Puerto Rico you know I love that you
brought up the fact that he's escalating
racial tensions but that was to be
expected that's what he ran on and so
the NFL situation I think is a symptom
of you know what he essentially used a
strategy he used to get elected but look
we're talking about nuclear arms we're
talking about you know other world
powers we're talking about making
enemies out of our allies in a lot of
cases and it should concern you because
you know the job of the government as
I've said over the last you know several
days is to protect us and to deescalate
situations like this and he's he's not
that type of person he I feel like he
enjoys the conflict he enjoys the drama
and even though he says he knows how to
make good deals and he's a great
negotiator the reality is he comes in he
escalates tensions and then he steps
back and tells other people to deal with
it and that's not what a leader does
certainly not the leader of the most one
of the most powerful countries in the
world now I want to give you his
explanation for why he thinks the u.s.
engaged in a raw deal with Iran okay
because I didn't really understand it I
had to do some digging and Trump himself
hasn't been able to articulate this so
this is based on actual experts who have
looked at the situation and are
basically speculating that this is the
issue that Trump has with the arathi
okay okay and so let me tell you what it
is so first of all is Iran complying
with the terms of the deal yes Iran is
complying the International Atomic
Energy Agency which is in charge of
monitor
the deal has repeatedly certified that
Tehran is complying with the limits on
its nuclear program the Trump
administration though has yet to produce
any evidence to the contrary so again
this deal pertained to the nuclear
development in the country that's it
now here's what some believe is the
problem with Iran Iran funds hardline
Shia militias in Iraq that commit human
rights abuses against the Sunni minority
helping fuel support for Isis it has
helped play a vital role in propping up
Bashar al Assad's regime in Syria it
also funds and arms the Palestinian
militant group Hamas which is the main
reason why Benjamin Netanyahu the leader
of Israel has an issue with it it has
played a growing role in fueling the
Yemeni civil war sending arms and money
to the Houthi military group that
toppled the country's internationally
recognized government okay so let's stop
right there
I don't think you need to go further in
terms of Trump's logic his internal
logic then the instinct that a lot of
his supporters have which is there's no
way Iran's actually following through on
this agreement what he needs to do to
you know
satisfy a lot of folks is to give
evidence but it's that I think that is
his instinct he has this weird instinct
for neutralizing the ambitious and and
powerful people and and and doing it in
a way that he then defers to ideas like
it resorts to ideas like a lot of people
are saying this and he just throws up
that cloud of there's no way Iran will
do that we'll follow through on their
anti nuclear ambitions but following
through on their nuclear ambitions or
they're following through with the deal
but if they are following through with
the deal and it has to do with them
attempting to develop nuclear weapons
they are not developing the nuclear
weapons now if yeah I'm sorry to
interrupt you but I get fired up about
this because it's so incredibly
frustrating now if he has a problem with
some of the negative influences that
Iran has in the international you know
spectrum I hear you I hear you that is
cause for concern but this deal was
specifically about the development of
new
clear weapons in Iran and the
negotiation essentially stopped them
from developing those weapons but here's
the thing how about we take a good long
hard look at what the United States is
doing because just last week there was
an extensive report indicating that the
Trump administration would like to
loosen restrictions on weapons
manufacturers selling arms and selling
weapons to foreign governments directly
oh you don't think that that could cause
some issues you don't think that that
could fuel Wars you don't think that
that could fuel civil rights abuses you
don't think that's gonna be a problem of
course it is also I know we forget but
remember in February one of our Marines
died and nine innocent children
civilians in Yemen died because of a
failed operation military operation that
the u.s. carried out in Yemen now why
are we why are we in Yemen why are we at
war with Yemen right well it turns out
that Saudi Arabia which was involved in
9/11
okay we're so worried about 9/11 and
stopping terror but Saudi Arabia that
was involved with 9/11 is one of our
allies and so since it's one of our
allies we're gonna go ahead and fight
their war and support the saudi-backed
leader in Yemen and we're gonna do drone
strikes Trump has quadrupled the drone
strikes in Yemen and internationally in
other countries that were also doing
drone strikes in I mean he's gonna sit
there and pretend like we're the good
guys
I mean his policies have been so
destructive we've been so critical of
Obama and the drone strikes that he did
will trump double down on them he
quadrupled down on them right but he
scores points with his base and various
other people by saying that I don't
trust Iran and he then can throw up
whatever smokescreen II can throw up in
order to say that listen if we have
eased sanctions on Iran that gives them
more money to fund our enemies now that
at least makes logical sense whether you
agree with our ends overall that's a
different story but but I at least can
identify his logic in that situation
which gives me and it hardens me that I
can go after it and attack it and and
somehow win but I mean it's it's pretty
transparent what he's doing
your app look you're absolutely right
it's cheap brownie points
you know shallow statements that he
never backs up with any type of evidence
it's the same thing that allowed him to
skate by in the election and win and
that's the part that really gets to me
because look regardless of how much you
hated Hillary Clinton and I get it right
in the very least she knew what she was
talking about you know she was able to
articulate what the issues were whereas
he just attacked people he acted like he
was the tough guy he never backed
anything up he never detailed a single
policy and I remember you know when I
was researching for the debate with Ann
Coulter she kept arguing in one of her
books in Trump We Trust that was a title
of her book now she complains about how
Trump isn't trustworthy right hilarya
and everyone who's gotten to know him
stops trusting right that's that thing
and she's at that point so welcome to
the party pal exactly but I remember in
her book she kept repeating over and
over again that people kept criticizing
Trump because he wouldn't outline
detailed policy proposals but then she
failed to explain what his detailed
policy proposals were he never had any
he never had but he's really good at
identifying those things that a lot of
people say when they complain you know
and and it's that it's it's the Iran is
we got this terrible nuclear deal with
Iran and they're not as Iran and they're
not following through on it you trust
them there's no way you trust them a lot
of people don't trust them
they and other things that he said in
his UN speech that I've talked to a lot
of conservatives who really rally around
it which is we listen we pay for the UN
we're bankrolling the UN and they're not
doing anything a lot of people hear that
and that's enough and that's where he
succeeds that's where he lives and Brees
that's his bread and butter is those
moments where he gets people saying yeah
and no one want know the average person
doesn't want to get into the
nitty-gritty of all these I know policy
initiatives and and the I and and
there's we got to think of the way to
structure the arguments so that you can
win in that battlefield that quick
battle let me know how like because I
I'm actually dying to learn that art I'm
completely unaware of it I don't know
we'll go through it is
like a spiel about the civil war in
Yemen I know people's eyes it's like
listen if we if we do if we do what
we're about to do we're falling right
into a trap let's look at the other
countries you listed that are against
our actions it's China Russia in Iran
and and China and Russia find their
language some Erica the enemy of my
enemy is my friend this seems like a
pretty awesome deal they're not gonna
bomb me they're not gonna you know in
China is just like I need to sell
literally everyone infrastructure
equipment and I'd like to be the country
that does that because America did that
for a very long time and we're cheaper
and we don't care we're not going to
export our way of life onto you we're
not gonna try to change the internal
dynamic of your government you know
we're not even gonna pretend to do any
of that stuff we just want to sell it to
you and we'll debt-financed it and we'll
get you on the hook for us and you'll
realize later and that'll maybe bite
them in the ass down the road but but
right now it's they all seem to be on
board against us because we're the big
guy and that's and that's what a lot of
conservatives come back around and say
like listen they say that they're mad at
us when we say that we don't want to
fund the UN anymore boat they got to
have our money and it's things like this
where we have to find out the right
strategy so we aren't just pushing
everyone away so that they unite against
us and there's just better ways to do it
and one of them is a nuclear treaty and
you get that so you get them not to
escalate you make sure that everyone's
behind not having a nuclear Iran he
probably thinks a nuclear treaty is like
a chocolate molten lava cake a big I
just need him to prove he could do
something Yeah right it just needs to be
able to prove that he can do something
other than what I said before which is
say things people say at barbecues when
they're complaining yeah he needs to
have a victory and he hasn't had the
only victories he's had are these
behind-the-scenes ones that I think most
people would come around and realize are
bad which are like deregulation of
Industry right you know poisoning
waterways and the air and and and I if
that happens we'll reevaluate but it's
just it hasn't happened yet this is you
pointed out he's he's kicking it over to
Congress to come up with some new ideas
and that has never helped him and I
don't know how many Luthor strange
battles he needs to lose in order
to come around on some new strategy yeah
I'm afraid that that strategy would be
to get more wacko and go more ROI more
support independent media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network comm / join
