during a press conference today
featuring Democratic members of Congress
representative John Lewis had some
strong statements in regard to gun
control and those who refused to even
talk about it take a look it's not a
pain against the suffering women move
this Congress to act we hold moments of
silence and vigil we offer our thoughts
and prayers but it's all a show a
placeholder until people forget and if
Congress can move on to rolling back
restriction on silence or making it
easier for the mentally ill to purse
your weapons don't tell me otherwise
I've been around too long this Congress
does nothing don't tell me don't tell me
we need mental health reform when you
won't provide every American access to
mental health care don't kill me this
will by protecting the Second Amendment
when you won't stand up for the Fifth
Amendment
don't kill me just about anything other
than greed greed money and fear I said
to each one of us to all the members of
the Congress have courage be I'm afraid
do your job
bring common-sense gun control
legislation to a vote we need it and we
need it now
I love the fiery speech from
representative John Lewis he is honestly
the the strongest member of Congress
with a speaking style and and just how
aggressive he is in in demanding some
change following this mass shooting also
Senator Dianne Feinstein Democrat of
California suggested targeting kits that
could legally transform semi-automatic
weapons to automatic ones which is
similar to what was used by this Las
Vegas gunman they're referred to as bump
stocks legal modifications to
semi-automatic rifles to help them fire
more like automatic weapons I mean I
feel like this is as common sense as you
possibly can get when it comes to gun
legislation you can purchase that
product online for $45 and obviously it
allowed paddock to cause much more
damage that he should have been able to
you know carry out and even though
that's common sense there's a lot of
resistance from Republican members of
Congress and we're gonna get a couple of
their statements in just a second yeah I
mean people love to cherry-picks I mean
you're talking about the type of
weaponry we'd love to forget the fact
that when the Second Amendment was
written it was back when it took you
like maybe 20 minutes to like load your
gun and when you hit somebody with it
they said oh and had a bruise we've
advanced a lot from there and these
types of weapons these magazines these
semi-automatic they're not necessary to
protect your home from a potential
burglar they're certainly not necessary
to hunt deer so there's no reason
citizens should just be able to get them
I mean it you know some guys they get
their rocks off by having these fancy
weapons they go shooting with it it
makes them feel good about themselves
and so you know I guess our country has
decided that that's more valuable than
an innocent lives being taken from you
know these crazy mass shooters and by
the way you know the argument that you
always hear from Republicans after
Republican lawmakers specifically after
a mass shooting like this is well you
know the problem isn't the fact that
these people can buy these crazy weapons
the problem is you know mental health
care we got to provide mental health
really you want to provide mental health
care we just finished months and months
of Senate Republicans trying to take
whatever little coverage that we have
under the Affordable Care Act which
would even further minimize mental
health care for Americans really you
care about mental health care hell no
you don't the only time they care about
it is when they can use it as a
scapegoat so we don't talk about
common-sense gun legislation that is the
only time they care about it and by the
way House Republicans passed a twenty
week abortion ban because they say that
they believe in the sanctity of life you
believe in the sanctity of life how many
people just got murdered because of your
inaction and your protection of the NRA
and other lobbying groups and weapons
manufacturers that just seek to profit
and they profit off this type of carnage
it's disgusting
all right so let's hear from these
disgusting you know politicians Senator
John Thune the number three Republican
in the Senate told an NBC News reporter
that lawmakers ought to take a look at
conversion kits that can make guns more
lethal but also suggested little could
be achieved through legislation Oh
little could be achieved through
legislation to get the fuck out what are
you doing what are you doing if little
can be achieved through legislation then
you are a waste of time you're a waste
of human body within the Senate you're
worthless leave I think people are going
to have to take steps in their own lives
to take precautions to protect
themselves and the situations like that
you know try to stay safe as somebody
said get small so how are you going to
say stay
say when someone has you know
essentially an automatic weapon because
of the device that he used and is
shooting in a crowd from the 32nd floor
of Mandalay Bay how are you gonna stay
safe should we all stay in our homes and
never leave so we stay safe because you
know legislation won't achieve anything
all right let's hear from Mitch
McConnell look the investigations not
even been completed and I think it's
premature to be discussing legislative
solutions if there are any in other
words don't discuss it and don't expect
us to ever discuss it yeah there's never
a good there's never a good time to talk
about solutions to problems apparently
when you're a Republican leader what is
the what let us know when that time is
Mitch it will meet you there at that
time there's never a good time to talk
about in fact like I just said Mitch
McConnell's idea of gun legislation is
making it easier for the mentally ill to
get guns so making it easier for guys
with psychotic minds to conceal what
they're doing by using silencers what an
embarrassment the American Congress is
so they these guys when they go on and
Mitch McConnell says things like that
well the legislation wouldn't help
anyway and they it's like that's it's
that the onion puts this out every time
there's a mass shooting they tweet out
there's no way we could stop this says
country the only country in the world
where this stuff happens there's no
that's by paraphrasing what their
headline is but that's every time
there's a mass shooting there's no way
we could ever stop this this is the only
country this happens in you don't think
they decided to do something about it in
Australia guess what they don't have
this happen in Australia that's just the
fact doesn't happen in the UK doesn't
happen in Kent does it happen in
Australia it just happens in the United
States it's because we're a special kind
of sick I guess or especially kind of
crazy or is it because our government is
extra corrupted I think it's that one
and I know what if Republicans believe
that legislation is so useless could
they please apply that sentiment to a
woman's body too if legislation so
useless just just apply it to all that
stuff too and all social issues and
everything else
no because the same love they love to
appease their evangelical voters and
their evangelical voters love the idea
of being able to control women that's
it's all about its and it's not just
controlling women its punishing women
right you're not allowed to have sex
unless you want to procreate okay you're
not allowed to do that as a woman and
and I'm tired of them pandering to their
religious base and passing these
nonsensical violations of our
reproductive rights while simultaneously
making arguments that hey you know we
gotta loosen gun restrictions because
hey Second Amendment let's just deal
with all these mass shootings on a daily
basis
finally just a little factoid for you
that I think is relevant to the
conversation the only gun legislation on
the Republicans agenda appears to be the
so-called hearing protection act a gun
gun rights measure that would eliminate
a $200 tax on firearms silencers refund
silencer tax payments back to October of
2015 and also ease restriction
requirements to these silencers and by
the way let's just really quickly
emphasize what they named this
legislation the hearing Protection Act
because you know who shoot their guns
have never been able to protect their
ears in any other way so we have to make
sure they have access to silencers how
about some earmuffs okay I believe a lot
of people have been using those when
they go hunting when they go to gun
ranges we don't need to loosen
restrictions for silencers anyway I'm
sorry III don't like getting this rowdy
and loud on the show but well I don't
blame you I mean I mean I see acts like
this that are out there and I'm like
okay we have failing infrastructure
education zin the toilet healthcare is a
disaster right let's talk about getting
rid of the tax on silencers are you
tithing that shouldn't be anywhere near
the list of priorities let me give you
an example of a lawmaker who is putting
her hands up and and it seems like she's
giving up and it's frustrating
representative Linda Sanchez of
California says we're stuck
we have asked time and time again of our
Republican counterparts to please engage
in this discussion of how do we stop gun
violence and they are completely
unwilling to do anything to help us out
on that issue yeah how about be a leader
okay
Democrats be leaders because guess what
Republicans are
Republican lawmakers are not gonna work
with you they never have any interest in
working with you they don't care about
bipartisanship under any and all
circumstances so be a leader if I were a
Democratic member of Congress I would
fund a campaign that shows the bloody
gruesome reality of these mass shootings
on a daily basis okay there was a time
in America where one of the most
powerful corporations were those behind
the tobacco industry right and it was no
one thought that we would you know
decrease the amount of people who were
smoking cigarettes but there was a very
powerful and aggressive educational
campaign out there that showed people
the realities of what tobacco was doing
to us and those were fighters those were
people who were aggressive in something
that they believed in and right now
unfortunately I feel like we have very
few Democrats in Congress who feel
strongly enough to stand up okay and and
be leaders and not rely on Democrats
I'm sorry Republicans playing
patty-cakes with them because they are
not interested in working with you they
are far too corrupt they receive far too
much money from weapons manufacturers
and from the NRA and if you're gonna sit
there and expect them to one day maybe
work with you we're never gonna get
anything done if you liked this video
you probably like independent media the
best way to support independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash join
