so this story is gonna start off with
good news let's see if it lasts we go to
Talking Points Memo here they explain
late Monday night that's this past week
House Republicans unveiled a plan for
reauthorizing the Children's Health
Insurance Program chip which Congress
allowed to lapse this past weekend well
that's pretty good I mean they shouldn't
allow toodle apps in the first place
it's health insurance for kids that
seems pretty important and it's been
around a long time and and families
depend on it so that their kids don't
die when they get sick they shouldn't
little apps but they reauthorize it
great okay you know the good news can't
last in this day and age of politics
right so let's go find out more the
details like his Senate counterpart the
bill lays out five years of chip funding
but reduces the amount of federal money
going to help States cover low-income
children and pregnant women after two
years I like the Senate bill the entire
package is funded by the cuts to
Medicare and the Affordable Care Act's
prevention and public health fund oh
yeah they're like okay we'll allow you
to have health insurance for kids a
little bit longer but after two years
we're gonna do some draconian cuts
including health care for women who are
pregnant wait a minute I thought you
guys were pro-life and I know you don't
mean pro-life as and you care about the
lives of people that are already exist
because you want to cut their health
care and if they wind up dying because
of that that's their problem
you don't want to help them economically
you don't want to throw bootstraps at
them and the list goes on and on you
want to start Wars you're for the death
penalty
okay I'm past all that but I thought the
one life that mattered to you was if
it's still the womb right oh it's a
faders up pro-life nah
now if you're pregnant it's costing me
an extra dollar I'm not interested in
your health care either so they're gonna
cut that they're gonna cut Medicare so
let's go into more of the details here
some parts might not sound so bad let me
explain them than other parts are a
disastrous specifically the Medicare and
Affordable Care Act cuts what do they
come charging seniors who earn more than
five hundred thousand dollars a year a
higher Medicare premiums now that might
sound reasonable and that's the least
offensive part of it okay so rich
seniors have to pay a little bit higher
for Medicare the problem is you don't
want to turn Medicare or Social Security
into any form of welfare so we pay into
Social Security we pay into we all
and we all pay into Medicare we do it
through our payroll tax and then you get
it back and it applies to every American
you want to keep it that way so that the
rich the middle class and the poor are
all incentivized to keep in that is why
those programs are incredibly popular
Medicare's at 77% Social Security is at
84% if you make it into a welfare
program the rich are out and they're
like nothing up that's all I'm not
interested let's cut it cut it cut it
cut it and they have a lot more power
than the middle class test so it's
actually not that good an idea in that
particular case ok but like I said
that's the least offensive part second
part is allowing States to kick out
medical but Medicaid beneficiaries if
they win the lottery it's the most
irrelevant piece of legislation I have
ever heard how many lottery winners are
there in the country 3:13 yeah but
you're but we're gonna hey we're gonna
get you if you're a lottery winner now
do I have checked that I don't care
right so yeah if you're a lottery
wouldn't that means you're rich so you
shouldn't get medicaid medicaid is
different than Medicare Medicaid is for
people who can't afford it Medicare's
for senior citizens so that's fine
but why are you bothering to put that
irrelevant piece of legislation that
affects seven guys in the country you
know why cuz it's a cultural thing you
know what they're saying to their
followers now they're all bums and even
if they get to be rich they're the guys
from the lottery they didn't do it with
bootstraps they just they were just
trash and they want out winning the
lottery they're gonna want to milk off
of us anyway and stay on Medicaid what
do you have any evidence that lottery
winners are staying on Medicaid nope no
evidence it doesn't matter they don't
like you man they don't relate to you
they feel like if you're a banker you
earned it if you're part of the elite
that's fine but oh you won the lottery
that doesn't count I bet you're still
gonna want to cheat us to stay on
Medicaid they're really gross people but
let's get to the worst parts shortening
the grace period for people paying their
Obamacare premium payments late so old
gotta kick them out gotta kick them out
you mean any slight infraction The Wall
Street they can do anything they like
but you they'll fall on you like a ton
of bricks if you do anything wrong take
your insurance away see how you like
that well if my kids die or somebody my
family does cuz I don't have health
insurance I won't like it very much but
that's they're not looking out for you
that's not that's not their agenda and
finally the last part of this is
cutting more than five billion dollars
from the affordable care act's
prevention and public health fund so
they're gonna need their pound of flesh
if they're going to reauthorize kids
getting health insurance at least they
got to make sure that they take away
five billion dollars that would actually
go towards public health now remember
these are the same guys that just
increased defense spending
Trump asks for fifty four billion they
gave them more than that so just 10% for
health care no I'm going to take it away
from what I already exists what are you
gonna give it more war more defense
contractors are again more contracts
more money why they donate to
politicians you don't sad day for you
this system is literally sick
we have runaway corruption bribery yes
the swamp this is a swamp where they
take from your kids they take from your
health care and they give it to people
who have rich lobbyists whether they're
defense contractors otherwise when they
say they don't have money they're not
telling you the truth they have plenty
of money when it's going to defense
contractors but what it's going for your
kids all of a sudden they don't have any
money get the money out of politics if
you allow private financing of Elections
they will work for private interests you
must have public financing so they work
for us the public wolf dash pack.com go
join today make a difference if you like
this video you'll love the whole TYT
Network check it out at TYT Network comm
slash join
