CBS has decided to part ways with its
senior counsel in fact this is executive
counsel who formerly worked at CBS and
was promptly fired after she shared her
opinion in regard to the shooting that
took place in Las Vegas
Haley Getman Gould is her name and she
had been with CBS for a little under a
year
apparently she felt the need to share
her opinions about the victims of this
mass shooting and essentially said that
she didn't really care for them let me
give you her exact statement she said if
they wouldn't do anything when children
were murdered I have no hope that
Rapunzel ever do the right thing I'm
actually not even sympathetic because
country music fans are often Republican
gun toters so the first part of her
statement is something that you know we
have heard a number of people say we've
even made that argument using different
words but the second part of her
statement is what got her in trouble
showing that she has no sympathy because
these are country music goers who
probably support you know no gun
legislation it's not good so they fired
her immediately and here are some
screenshots of what her posts look like
and then here is a statement from CBS a
spokesperson said the following this
individual who was with us for
approximately one year violated the
standards of our company and is no
longer an employee of CBS / views as
expressed on social media are deeply
unacceptable to all of us at CBS our
hearts go out to the victims in Las
Vegas and their families I have a mixed
reaction to this story and I'll tell you
why because did she say the right thing
of course not and and you don't know
that first of all you don't know the
politics of those people second of what
it doesn't matter what their politics is
you should have sympathy for anyone who
is a victim so that's not debatable
that's not an interesting conversation
and and I understand the CBS had to do
what they did kiss her top her comments
were too over the top and I'll apply the
same standard for right-wingers as as
this person who is clearly on the Left
which is hey you know Facebook is public
as a as a person who has a job that's
somewhat public facing she's not a
government official or anything like
that but you should think that through
and know that
companies probably gonna have to do
something if you say something that
outrageous the only reason why I have
any mixed feelings is that Republicans
do this all the time and they do it
systematically and and their their
actions are so much worse than her words
so Republicans make sure that we don't
have any gun control early in the year
they took away legislation that would
prevent people for who are mentally ill
from getting guns these people are so
mentally ill the government has
adjudicated in their family friends
everybody agrees that they can't get a
Social Security check they can't be
trusted to with their own money but the
Republicans said I was just giving guns
it's okay to give them guns think you
can have a dollar but they can have guns
they think that people on the terrorist
watch list should be able to buy guns
why because they get paid by the NRA so
their actions in allowing this country
to be awash with weaponry I mean the guy
in Vegas had this thing that for $99 you
could buy and that allows you to fire on
your weapon automatically with hundreds
of bullets at a time okay
that's legal that's legal why because
people who are atrocious corporate
shills for the NRA including some
Democrats allow that and then we die
so I find their actions to be far more
deplorable than what she said now I
understand why CBS did what they did but
they're always a panic like we have to
bend over backwards for Republicans if a
liberal ever says anything wrong dawn
instantly no one ever defends her and
we're done with it and her career is
done and and she has no other allies
whatsoever
Republicans do outrageous things say
outrageous things they get elected
president
everybody has their all over the entire
Republican Party as their back and they
never back down so look I I agree with
you 100% when it comes to you know the
questionable policies that those on the
right continuously support and how you
know any type of aggressive criticism of
those who support you know more you know
abilities to buy guns you know those
people deserve to get criticized there's
no question about it but at the same
time and I think we both agree on this
as well
look you're part of the left yeah I'm
guessing she identifies as a Democrat
considering the way she referred to
Republicans and as a Democrat you know
you're supposed to be an individual who
supports and really values tolerance and
so these are victims these are people
that were gunned down a you don't know
what their political identity is just
because they're a country music festival
doesn't mean that they're 100%
Republicans just because the Republicans
doesn't mean that they support you know
any type of legislation that would make
it easier to obtain guns so she just
completely generalized about those
people and besides which doesn't matter
even if they have or hold those
political beliefs you don't act as if
you know shooting and killing them isn't
that big of a deal who cares I have no
sympathy that's just it's just not the
right thing to say and it's it goes
beyond being offensive it's it shows a
certain level of you know heartlessness
that is you know I wouldn't want to work
with her I wouldn't want to be you know
sitting beside her while she makes those
types of statements and I wouldn't
defend her it's so I know like whenever
a liberal says and that was one wrong
sentence the world comes down on them
including us and I I've said it Anna
said it rightfully so right
one wrong sentence and you're eliminated
forever Curt Schilling can say anything
he wants the Republicans to support
afraid the lone attacker used to be a
Red Sox but I don't know why pigman
Sheriff David Clarke I can name you a
thousand examples dying Trump they could
say they could grab women they could do
anything they could take actions and
there's never any consequences so what
I'm tired of is the uneven playing field
so half were statements that absolutely
right if they wouldn't do anything when
children were murdered I have no hope
that Republicans will ever do the right
thing that is absolutely right that is
not what I'm criticizing are for okay so
an uneven playing field where if the
left goes outside of the lines for one
cent is eliminated forever
okay the right-wing have no lines have
no barrel and any and you know what that
winds up doing wines of dragging the
entire political spectrum in washing not
the country but in Washington the to the
right you're right about that
and so I'm sick of the double standard
so I next time any Republican says any
wrong sentence I hope that the
right-wingers who are outraged by this
story will join us in saying they should
immediately be fired immediately fired
right right wait wait wait and I thought
they were for freedom of speech I know I
thought if they're low some pricks on
the right wing we're getting paid twenty
thousand dollars a speech that they have
every right to it right freedom of
speech doesn't she have a freedom of
speech oh you don't care about her
freedom of speech that's interesting so
we have principles that are consistent
you shouldn't say that of course CBS has
a right to terminate you if you go cross
the line like that so right wingers on
the other hand have no principles have
no consistency and they will turn around
tomorrow and say things way worse than
this and if you even criticize them you
use your speech to criticize them
they'll turn into special little
snowflakes will say where's my freedom
of speech so let's just keep it real
that's the state of affairs in America
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs joy
