it is 13 days after Hurricane Maria hit
and finally the president has decided to
go down to Puerto Rico now it's not
nearly as important to have the
president down there as it is to have
help down there and over the weekend not
only government officials including the
mayor of San Juan were noting that that
the United States was not helping nearly
as much as it could its own territory in
Puerto Rico there's a ship that is
designed specifically for these kind of
missions it was sent nine days after the
hurricane oftentimes that ship is
usually set before the Hurricanes
because we know they're coming it was
sent tremendously late all the American
generals on the ground saying we need
more resource here we don't have enough
and some news organizations did a
wonderful job breaking down how little
resources were sent to Puerto Rico visa
V Florida and and Houston who were also
just hit with hurricanes so with that
background Donald Trump of course was
mad at his critics because lives lost
that's I guess somewhat relevant
hurricane damage whatever but if you
have insulted the Dear Leader that's a
serious issue and he said in a tweet
over the weekend about Puerto Ricans
they want everything to be done for them
when it should be a community effort why
don't you just call him lazy while
you're at it the guy is a living
breathing stereotype machine and I'm
being kind there but I won't as we
continue to go forward and then he
called his critics potentially including
the mayor of San Juan quote politically
motivated ingrates like what how dare
you if I give you the crumbs off my
table you're supposed to like it one of
our generals down there was in charge of
Hurricane Katrina efforts when asked
about those comments said the mayor of
San Juan is sleeping on a cot working
around the clock Donald Trump is playing
golf enough said
so he doesn't actually have support from
the people on the ground including the
folks we sent to help but that's not
gonna stop Donald Trump so what's he
gonna do
he's gonna double down he's gonna triple
down he's finally going to said puerto
rico now but he can't help himself
because being racist is in his DNA and i
don't mean that it's a genetic or
biological thing it's just that he grew
up with it and and he doesn't even know
he's being racist if you told him anyway
and by the way the media did and his
critics did and he said what do you mean
what do you mean I'm from Puerto Rico
and there's some great I'm from New York
and there's some great Puerto Ricans in
New York and he thinks what I know a
couple of Puerto Ricans that's okay how
can I possibly be racist I mean they're
lazy they're ingrates you know and they
won't work for themselves after
hurricane knocks out all the power in
our island but you know what do you mean
racist I don't know we're talking about
right so the most important thing for
him is to protect his own ego so before
he goes to Puerto Rico couple reporters
ask some questions let's let's hear what
he had said she's come back a long way
and you know I think it's now
acknowledged what a great job we've done
and people are looking at that and in
Texas and in Florida we get an a-plus
and I'll tell you what I think we've
done just as good in Puerto Rico and
it's actually a much tougher situation
but I will tell you the first responders
the military FEMA they have done an
incredible job in Puerto Rico and
whether it's her or anybody else they're
all starting to say it I appreciate very
much the governor and his comments he
has said we have done an incredible job
and that's the truth this is about
Puerto Rico and the people suffering
there but you have no sense of self you
have no conscience so I think we got an
a-plus in Houston in Florida and I think
we've done just as well here in Puerto
Rico
hey this is all about me why aren't
people applauding me somebody give me a
plus please clap so you want to know
what the reality is
let me quote touring Pro and spam over
here and Bloomberg cording to Bloomberg
quote almost all private homes and
businesses were without power as of
Monday and half the island it was still
without access to water and sewage
treatment that's a dozen days after the
hurricane hit uh okay you know Plus
everybody's talking about how great I am
okay who cares about the people
suffering of Puerto Rico let's talk
about me and how wonderful I am what a
monster this guy is here another one but
now the roads are clear communications
starting to come back
we need their truck drivers their
drivers have to start driving trucks we
have to do that Donal local level they
have to give us more help okay you're
not going to be surprised to find out
that the roads are not cleared again our
guys on the ground eight I see
look that everybody on the ground is
ours first of all it's Puerto Rico it's
part of America I know that's probably a
new Donald Trump but when I say our guys
I mean our troops that we sent and other
first responders we sent from the
mainland to go help them they're saying
the roads are not cleared they're not
cleared they that we've got I just told
you almost all the homes and businesses
are without power and and have to put
the island doesn't have access to water
or sewage treatment I checked out the
roads are cleared and we're doing
fantastic the problem is they're truck
drivers don't want to drive Oh sake okay
first of all of course he made that up
there's not one news report about how
truck drivers are like well the roads
are clear but I'm lazy I'm a lazy Puerto
Rican so I don't want to drive her out
okay of course
not gonna say there's no news reports of
them not willing to drive it's a thing
he made up why cuz he can't help himself
he thinks Berto reco lazy so I'm just
gonna say it's not my fault it's their
fault they're suffering I didn't send
them help they should have helped
themselves and by the way that is the
cycle of racism that you see over and
over again you treat minor the
government people in power treat
minorities worse then they're in a bad
spot and then they turn around and blame
them for being in a bad spot
well the hurricane knocked out the whole
goddamn island all the power on the
island I don't know how we're supposed
to you know Houston needed everyone
else's help superstorm sandy hit New
York New York New Jersey the most
powerful place on earth they needed help
Florida needed help when Puerto Rico
needs up lazy ingrates won't drive yeah
yeah it's their fault oh okay he's such
a bad guy so that's right before you go
supporting good now you go to Puerto
Rico and it has a press conference all
about you're gonna be shocked to find
out that I'll Trump and how great he is
let's watch Mick Mulvaney is here right
there and Mick is in charge of a thing
called budget now I hate to tell you
Porto Rico but you're throwing our
budget a little out of whack because
we've spent a lot of money on Puerto
Rico and that's fine we've saved a lot
of lives
this is joke ton this is I mean and I'm
being kind there I don't think he's
really joking yeah you're throwing our
budget out of whack now I gotta come
down here and help these guys who won't
help themselves and I gotta spend money
on it
Houston Florida those are good Americans
I mean we spend money on that that makes
sense
he never said Florida and Houston throw
our budget out of whack but just when it
comes to Puerto Rico because why cuz he
thinks I gotta help these guys why don't
we just give them some goddamn
bootstraps I kept we have to help them
of course of course we do yes yeah it's
affecting our budget even if you thought
no Jake you're being unfair he's just
joking around you think that's a good
time to joke around you go down there
and you've got all these people hurt
injured killed and this island is
absolutely devastated the president
finally comes down and says hey you
throw in our budget out of whack oh
Jesus Christ
okay now back to Donald Trump
every death is a horror but if you look
at a real catastrophe like Katrina and
you look at the tremendous hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of people that die
and you look at what happened here with
really a storm that was just totally
overpowering nobody's ever seen anything
like this now what is your what is your
death count as of this moment 17 16 16
people certified 16 people versus in the
thousands you can be very proud of all
of your people all of our people working
together 16 versus literally thousands
of people you can be very proud
everybody around this table and
everybody watching can really be very
proud of what's taking place in Puerto
Rico
he's keeping count man no it's okay
Hurricane Katrina killed lots and lots
of people this didn't kill as many
people so I went by win uh uh
Hurricane Katrina now that was a real
catastrophe so they screw that up I
handled it better cuz only 16 people
died everybody's telling us we've been
doing wonderful right right everybody
around the table you want me to give you
federal government aid tell me how
wonderful I am right it's only 16 people
died I mean this is not a big deal
Hurricane Katrina was a big deal but
this we handled wonderfully monster
through and through
more governor has been who I didn't know
I heard very good things about him he's
not even from my party and he started
right at the beginning appreciating what
he what we did right from the beginning
this governor did not play politics he
didn't play it at all
he was saying it like it was and he was
giving us the highest grades and I want
on behalf of our country I want to thank
you
okay discovering her did he do a good
job of rescuing people I don't know and
I don't care I mean in the previous
answer I came down to Puerto Rico I
didn't know how many people died I
didn't bother I'm the he's a president
the United States didn't ask that one
hey before I go on the press conference
hey can you tell me how many people died
was a seventeen was it what is what was
it was a sixteen was a sixteen Hurricane
Katrina that was terrible there was
hundreds or thousands you're the
president
you have all the resource in the world
just ask someone before you go to the
press conference
hey many people died in Hurricane
Katrina how many people died in this
hurricane you want to do like one second
of homework no and you care about the
the cleanup the getting actually getting
the roads clear all that stuff no no
this guy he's giving us good grades I
like this guy
he complements me every once in a while
oh yeah
feeds my ego that's why I like this guy
why were we here again I forgot one more
it's an honor to work with you folks and
we'll all get it done together so I
appreciate your support and I know you
appreciate our support because our
country's really gone all out to help
and it's not only dangerous it's
expensive it's everything but I consider
it a great honor I know you appreciate
our support right it sounds like a mafia
boss tell me you appreciate our support
in these times when it's really
expensive and I still have to take care
of you people
it's a United States territory you're
the President of the United States it's
not optional it is your duty to take
care of them okay but hey have you
thanked me enough cuz if you haven't
thanked me enough I don't know I don't
know I mean guys are ingrates
I mean you're not even helping yourself
but don't worry daddy's here okay I'm
gonna take care of things as long as you
guys all give me good grades and say
wonderful things about me in fact here
one last clip actually and I'm gonna
spare you the end where he makes the
different politicians go around the room
thanking him okay but this is the
beginning of that watch so congresswoman
Jennifer Gonzalez cologne who I've
watched the other day and she was saying
such nice things about all of the people
that have worked so hard
Jennifer do you think you could say a
little bit what you said about us today
and it's not about me it's about these
incredible people from the military to
FEMA the first responders I mean I've
never seen people working so hard in my
life well
you were really generous and I saw those
comments and everybody saw those
comments and we really appreciate it now
yeah when you make good comments about
me I noticed that all right now
everybody any went around the room and
he made the different people say Oh
Donald Trump is great and we really
appreciate his support and we think and
he was walking around with a baseball
bat behind him the whole time
okay no he wasn't okay but come on guys
I don't know I guess his supporters
think that's all wonderful and they
probably think like him that yeah
they're Puerto Ricans they're lucky we
help them at all I mean are they really
Americans stayed down in Puerto Rico and
they probably showed the same biases as
Trump does but he has no sense of
empathy and helping others goes down to
Puerto Rico it's not that hard a job
it's basically a photo op where you just
have to just show some degree of
sympathy like Mike Pence is a standard
politician he goes down to these areas
after Trump goes and he just he does
this the little winch thing that he does
the the fake concern like okay that's it
that's all we're asking for I don't care
that it's fake at least pretend you care
about those people and do this right
what Trump can't help himself there's no
this in him there's no empathy in him
now everybody let's go around the room I
mean I'm doing fantastic right I'm gonna
tape us everybody tell me what an a-plus
I am how many people died here who I
don't know I didn't bother checking I
don't give a damn about you guys let's
go back to me let's go back to me I mean
we're doing wonderful this is better
than Hurricane Katrina I do hurricanes
better than the bush did him I'm winning
with my hurricanes you guys were a mess
with your hurricanes monster through and
through I watched the whole thing so
there's pieces of obviously the governor
that had a sitting right to his right
because he's always been so nice to him
you're here by my right you're gonna be
in the shot the whole time it was
placement for the favorite ones right
the the mayor of San Juan
mayor Cruz who's been he's getting the
battles back and forth with she's off to
the side and actually when the governor
mentioned hired one especially people
with mayors and parts of other parts of
the country and we're
being out with this he didn't look her
way he looked back at him like he did
not acknowledge her and as part of the
victory tour of telling the
congresswoman to say nice things and
repeat them and ask them governor to
repeat the nice things he said he did
not ask mayor Cruz hey can you repeat
some of the nice things you said on
because there were no nice things said
about him that lady did not exist in
that entire time so it was the preferred
ones you're right next to me cuz you've
always been so nice to me I didn't know
this guy but now I know him cuz he said
those nice things about me yeah and
that's the other thing I mean to brag
about how you didn't know the guy over a
reporter Rico earlier why don't you just
shut your mouth about it and and look
guys it's one thing if you're doing
political battle and you're and you're
playing hardball and you say hey you
don't vote with me on health care and
you're not gonna get to sit next to me
on an important photo op I get it that's
part of politics I always think that
it's hilarious apologize just care about
that right but they do because they got
to see themselves on TV they got to get
their names on etc so they care deeply
gonna get and both Democrats and
Republicans do this they'll stand for
hours before the State of the Union to
get there first you know when the
president first comes in to shake his
hand so they're on TV like politicians
are so cheesy okay but now is not the
time for that and when they need help so
they could rescue people is not the time
for that kind of politics but there is
there's Trump has no off switch on
monster help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
