jason chaffetz was a republican
congressman and he was supposed to be
due oversight of President Trump he
thought that job was so disastrous that
he fled Congress and into the open arms
of Fox News where he's now a contributor
and he is paid to go out there and cover
Republican asses and in this case since
they think given where he can't guns
like candy is a great idea and oh look
we had yet another massacre the largest
in modern history and all these people
are dead
well Fox News is gonna try it out jason
Chaffetz to say there's nothing where
you could do I'm gonna tell you what the
reality is and what they actually did
after we watch them what's why is there
anything in your mind that could have
been done to prevent something like that
from happening I don't know of a single
thing that would have prevented this
this evil that possessed this person and
to do this atrocity I wish there was
something that I could do to go back in
time and just make sure that it never
happened but you know let's grieve for
those that are affected by this people
are as the speaker said are you know
fighting for their lives you got parents
and loved ones are just finding out that
somebody was killed for goodness sake
it's just not the time to dive into the
politics and try to score political
points on this topic this is not I do
think that background checks will
obviously become an issue I do think
there's something we can do it on the
mental health front but again I think
it's too early to do that and it
wouldn't necessarily have prevented what
tragically happened in Las Vegas so we
can go through the standard stuff of if
it's too early for Las Vegas can we do
something about what happened in San
Bernardino can we do something about
what happened in Orlando can we do
something about the cop shootings that
happen that was also a mass shooting in
in Dallas in Louisiana can we do
something about a mass shooting that
happens every single day in America on
average more than one a day last year
and just about one a day this year where
four people are shot and injured and/or
killed in one shooting as a mass
shooting
one per day in America if it's too early
for Las Vegas can we just go back a week
earlier to find another mass shooting a
day earlier you'll find a mass shooting
a month earlier you'll find 30 mass
shootings in that month when is it ever
time and the reality is jason Chaffetz
is just as corrupt as all of his
colleagues and he takes NRA money and he
is a corrupt harlot of industry okay and
so he got all of his checks now he's
getting checks from Fox News so he says
Oh golly gee I wish I could go back in
time and do something actually you could
have done something you are a
congressman you could have voted for gun
regulation you could have voted for
federal background checks which
ninety-three percent of Americans agree
with it's not a left-right issue even
CNN does officer left right to issue the
left says this the right says that no 93
percent of Americans unless you want to
acknowledge that 93 percent of Americans
are the left-wing they all say we should
do federal background checks nope
Chaffetz votes no all of his Republican
colleagues vote no joe Manchin and other
corporate Democrats they vote no so
there is something you could have done
it talks about evil I'm not gonna get
into it was really evil okay so let's
look at the guns in this case these are
pictures now from the hotel room of the
shooter at Mandalay Bay so there's all
the bullets lying around obviously some
heavy-duty weaponry there there's more
let me give you the details he had five
handguns two shotguns a plethora of
ammunition his authorities said 42 guns
total in a room and in his house the in
his hotel room specifically he had 23
weapons one rifle outfitted with a pump
stock thousands of rounds of ammunition
ingredients used in explosives in his
car I wish there was something we could
do we just have to let him buy all those
weapons and we had to let him buy
weapons where he could fire an seemingly
endless number of bullets well there's
something you could do you could
actually limit the number of bullets in
a magazine that's legislation that has
been proposed not gonna do that every
American has the right to fire hundreds
of bullets at once so they can Massacre
people more easily wait I thought this
was for hunting or self-protection if
there's a robber in your house you
really need to fire 200 bullets at him
if there's
here in the woods you really need to
fight are you that bad a shot you gotta
fire two hundred bullets at them okay or
a hundred or thirty the founding fathers
wanted us to have as high a weaponry as
we can't add muskets what do they know
about fully automatic or semi-automatic
weapons so anyway I don't want to get
back into the Second Amendment and the
nonsense interpretation of the insane
right way but Chavez says there's
nothing we do but now to be fair to him
we actually did go back in time the hill
did a wonderful story about how actually
legislators throughout the country at
the state level have been taking action
on the issue of guns okay great my bad
let's find out what they did the new
laws all pass this here include measures
that will allow gun owners to carry
weapons without a special permit as well
as carry those weapons in places like
daycare facilities official state
buildings and on college campuses oh
they made it much worse now not all of
them were bad I'm gonna give you two
instances of positive gun control laws
in the country and then I'm gonna give
you the nightmare that is America
unfortunately on this issue
Oregon legislators allowed residents
concerned about family members over
friends to seek an extreme risk
protection order which would block an
individual with mental health issues
from obtaining a weapon hey there it is
actual progressive legislators in Oregon
went and did something about mental
health what Republicans claim they're
gonna do but never ever do so any
Republicans voted for that bill however
few of them did bless their hearts okay
because it isn't about partisan I don't
give a damn or Republicans Democrats all
I care about is policy so it's not the
time for politics what is politics for
it's for policy okay and policy is
whether were you're gonna get massacred
by these guys are not gonna get
massacred all right one more good news
legislators in eight states to Rhode
Island Louisiana Maryland Nevada New
Jersey North Dakota Tennessee in Utah
and notice by the way blue and red
states in there that's good news passed
new measures to curb gun ownership for
those who have been convicted of
domestic abuse okay that's the good news
that's all there is now let's go to the
bad news after Republicans claim control
of Iowa State Legislature and 2016
elections lawmakers this year passed the
most sweeping package of gun rights laws
in the country the iowa measure house
5:17 creates a so-called
stand-your-ground policy it also
prevents cities from enacting stronger
restrictions on gun rights that are
permitted under state law the measure
signed by then Governor Terry Branstad
also allows concealed carry holders to
enter the state capitol building with
their firearms so let's break that one
down okay so first of all stand your
ground this is this is the insane
defense by the way during the Trayvon
Martin case I asked one of these guys
who leads one of the prominent gun
organizations in America wait you say
that Zimmerman had to had every right to
stand his ground because Trayvon Martin
was attacking him in your version of the
story and that he could shoot Trayvon
Martin debt but we know Zimmerman
pursued Trayvon Martin so didn't Trayvon
Martin have a right to stand his ground
but he didn't have a weapon he said no
you only have a right to stand your
ground if you have a gun if you don't
have a gun you don't have a right to do
anything you just have a right to get
murdered so in Iowa they codified it
yeah okay great and then on top of that
they're like wait that's not enough
let's me further
yeah it further madness let's add
further madness to this debacle already
let's let people with guns walk in the
Capitol building okay I I don't want
anybody getting hurt I'm a progressive
but if Republicans all right they're
they're inviting disaster man yippee you
know how volatile politics is today your
republic got shot Steve Scalise got shot
right Democrat got shot Gabby Giffords
and you know let people with who are
really pissed off about whatever they're
pissed off about on either side walk in
to a government building with a gun
that's how Harvey Milk got shot that's
how I mean how many people have gotten
shot that way do you know that we have
tighter gun control laws in California
because the Black Panthers realized that
they had gun rights too and they walked
into a government building in California
with guns which was
at the time to him immediately they took
away gun rights and they were like whoa
wait a minute gun control but they
figure Iowa it's okay so white people
gonna walk in and I don't know what they
think but this is this country's loss is
frickin mine and it's because of the
corruption it's not just because they're
stupid and yes they're also stupid
you're gonna tell you passed the law
that somebody can walk in with a gun if
they don't agree with you
yes that's corrupt but that's also
maniacally stupid okay let's go other
places New Hampshire and North Dakota
will eliminate requirements for
obtaining a permit for carrying
concealed firearms and measure gun
rights advocates call constitutional
carry the Indiana and Wisconsin
legislators are considering similar
measures that could move as early as
this year what do you need a permit for
I mean you know that almost everywhere
in America you need a permit to go
fishing they just to put a little you
know Oh in our local lake in New Jersey
I remember somebody was going fishing
and I thought oh that's cool I wouldn't
mind going fishing they said well you
better get a permit okay you can do the
most benign things you want to improve
your garage you need a permit you want
to do anything you need a permit right a
gun now who needs a permit for that that
kills people have at it Hoss and then
won't it be harder for the cops to track
down who did the killing yeah of course
that'll lead to more gun sales what do
you mean yeah I know
Ohio permit holders will be allowed to
carry concealed weapons in daycare
facilities and in public parts of
airports just when you thought they
couldn't get any dumber
those are Wyoming will be allowed to
carry firearms in kindergarten through
12th grade Georgia and Arkansas business
may carry firearms on college and
university campuses because a drunken
frat party is the best place to bring a
gun that's a great idea maybe second
best place is an airport third best
place might be daycare because you know
those toddlers you never know what
happens so I know I know there's aa wall
you could protect yourself in case the
deranged toddler gets out of control the
rest of the world thinks we're lunatics
and looking at these laws it's hard to
argue with them but hey if you don't
live it inside America you have to
understand something you don't because
you
corruption in your neck of the woods but
we made corruption systematic and so you
know in your country you might have to
actually give cash to a politician and
keep it secret and put it in a suitcase
or Swiss bank account or somewhere in
Panama or something no no in our country
we just made it legal you can just give
money in the form of campaign donations
to politicians and then they work for
you and then they're brazen about it
like I don't care if your kids get shot
in daycare did you give me a check or
did you not that toddler did not write
me a check the NRA wrote me a check so
from now on you can go bring guns
anywhere you like
one more and in Texas
lawmakers decriminalize possession of
suppressors now that's the politically
correct term for silencers that's what
assassins use but no no I'm told by gun
lovers in America no no you don't
understand Manos you need up for the
hearing uh there's also this you could
use for hearing when you're shooting oh
right the things that you put on your
ears or this right that's how we
normally did it you know what you need
suppressors for to murder people and
have people not hear it you know I need
it for the deer the deer dog you I can't
have it secret you already shot it you
already shot it okay the Justice
Department it never ends so that was all
local and state level okay now the
Justice Department also ended operation
choke point
another Obama ear program aimed at
preventing criminal fraud in the gun
industry who's against preventing
criminal fraud in anything in anything
these are guys are the ones pretending
to be for the rule of law the law and
order I mean unless you're Wall Street
then you do criminal fraud all you like
and we're going to let you go they just
are now considering a legislation we
covered this on the show last week where
they said no we're gonna let Wall Street
regulate itself if they turn themselves
in they'll have lesser penalties and
then afterwards they said
where's my money wallstreet where's my
money you give me campaign donations
okay you break any law you like gun
industry give me money break any law let
your like criminal fraud have at it Hoss
what do I care why do they do this the
NRA has been especially active on
Capitol Hill this year after spending
millions still like Trump and Republican
members of Congress the group has spent
3.2 million dollars lobbying Congress
during the first half of the year
according to the Center for Responsive
Politics we have legalized bribery in
America and it is literally killing us
wolf dash pack.com if you don't get
money out of politics this nightmare is
never going to end
they're never gonna work for us they're
just gonna go to the highest bidder and
the NRA has more money than you do so
they're going to allow people with
mental health problems to get it people
on the terrorist watch list to get it
they're gonna let it bring it into day
care they gonna let them bring it on to
college campuses into state buildings
they're gonna airport so you let them
bring it anywhere they want because
they're gonna make money off of it
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
