this past weekend did not look good for
Donald Trump when it comes to his
response in providing relief to those in
Puerto Rico who are still suffering
without food without water without
electricity now since he's been
criticized he has decided to kind of
double down on some of his more
questionable statements and he did so on
Twitter let's go to his tweets first
tweet said such poor leadership ability
by the mayor of San Juan and others in
Puerto Rico who are not able to get
their workers to help they want
everything to be done for them when it
should be a community effort 10,000
federal workers now on island doing a
fantastic job it's just really
interesting because you have the
lawmakers and the politicians in Puerto
Rico sharing a completely different
story compared to what Trump is saying
Trump is very self congratulatory he's
talking about how great the efforts are
how they're providing a great deal of
relief and how everyone should be happy
and by the way the audacity of someone
who lives in the lap of luxury literally
has everyone else doing everything for
him pointing a finger at victims in
Puerto Rico and saying they want
everything done for them yeah while
you're shitting in your golden toilet
how about you reconsider the way that
you're treating American citizens that
are currently hungry without power and
struggling to find clean safe drinking
water Donald Trump has had everything in
the world handed to him he had 200
million dollar inheritance handed to him
by his dad he went bankrupt six
different times almost every time his
daddy bailed him out and the nerve of
him to say that and so and why does he
say it's because he he doesn't even have
any idea how racist he actually is he
thinks Puerto Ricans they won't work
what do you mean what do you mean first
of all you have no evidence of that
second of all there's no power they
there's no gas they can't get to one
another that's why we go to help people
in Florida Houston Puerto Rico when
they're devastated by this and no place
is more devastating than Puerto Rico but
what do you do you blame them and you
got oh they won't work there and so I
don't think that he consciously thinks I
don't like Puerto Ricans I'm gonna blame
them because I think they're lazy he
just says it like oh yeah they won't
show up he came
they can't get them to do anything even
though with no evidence at all it's
because that's who he is he he's he's
been racist his whole life yeah and and
so and while he's golfing while he's
golfing to blame people who have no
power because he didn't send them help
there's a ship that we normally send to
help in exactly these situations he sent
it
nine days too late and he's talking
about how they won't help yeah and also
keep in mind that he's willing to
allocate seven hundred billion dollars
to our defense budget which would
indicate that we have top-of-the-line
defense we have top-of-the-line military
that can swoop in or should be able to
swoop in whenever this type of disaster
occurs and keep in mind these types of
disasters with this type of severity are
likely to occur more and more often okay
storms have always existed no one's
denying that but the severity is
certainly something that's relatively
new considering what we've done to our
planet so you can expect stuff like this
to happen all the time and if this is
the reaction that we're gonna have this
weird unequal reaction that we're gonna
have from the president well then it's a
cause for concern
now we gave credit where credit was due
we gave him credit when it came to the
response in Houston and you know when
there was a little bit of criticism
because of you know where he landed in
Texas when he visited the state after
the the storm we defended him on that
but in this case no he lacks leadership
and he shows that he is completely
indifferent to the people not
indifferent I think even further than
that he's been critical of people in
Puerto Rico and he's criticized their
electric grid he's criticized all sorts
of things and it's just not what a
leader does if there are logistical
issues there then you can communicate
that without insulting a you know an
island full of American citizens by the
way every general in Puerto Rico is
saying we don't have enough here we need
more help and it needs to be sent right
away the general who was in charge of
Hurricane Katrina cleanup is in Puerto
Rico and now when they asked about
Trump's comments he said the mayor of
San Juan is sleeping on a cot working
around the clock Donald Trump is golfing
that's all I have to say about that
yeah yeah it's it's incredible well
speaking of golf Trump spoke at the
liberal Liberty National Golf Course in
Jersey City New Jersey and even though
his relief efforts have been
questionable he will present the people
of Puerto Rico with a golden trophy take
a look if you look today and you see
what's happening how horrible it is but
we have it under really great control
Puerto Rico and the people of Florida
who have really suffered over this last
short period of time with the Hurricanes
I want to just remember them and we're
going to dedicate this trophy to all
that we love a part of our great state
really a part of our great nation yeah
you heard someone in the audience say
you don't give a shit about Puerto Rico
and that is the message that he's been
sending I'm not sure Joffrey would have
been stupid enough to give a golden
trophy to the victims of our hurricane I
mean you want to talk about detached
from reality no one's ever been more
detached you know how you know how
Millennials get criticism for trophies
you know Trump supporters criticize
Millennials for expecting trophies for
everything well here's your president
presenting people who are suffering from
a severe storm a trophy because that's
gonna make everything better
power is knocked out for 95% of Puerto
Rico every day it's getting worse the
mayor of San Juan said this could turn
into a genocide super strong language
the generals on the ground are saying
send more help right now they need water
they need gas we need to be rebuilt in
the store so that people can get more
supplies there's a thousand things that
they need on that list of a thousand
things they need is not a golf trophy
that is that's not going to be remotely
helpful but but just think about how
stupid he is that he can't see that that
would be seen as callous what what I'm
golfing in this guy oh we've got a nice
golf trophy here oh are you guys
suffering and you don't know whether
your loved one is dead or not because
you can't communicate to them and you
can't get to them because the roads are
shut down
now that's all right I'll give you a
golf trophy help us build independent
together TYT Network comm /join
