a lot of folks have had reactions to the
shooting in Las Vegas
Trump came out with this help on her
speech and of course every Republican is
saying whatever you do don't do anything
about it just thoughts and prayers so
but I want to get more specific in this
case Pat Robertson came out and he had a
genius idea who might be responsible
other people taking a knee during the
national anthem and anyone who
criticizes Donald Trump I'm not kidding
here's his direct quote he said violence
in the streets ladies and gentlemen why
is it happening maybe the the weapons
they used to murder all those people
over and over no no no no no of course
not is it abortion yes no no that's a
good guess he's blame abortion in the
past why is it happening he says the
fact that we have disrespect for
authority
there's profound disrespect for our
president all across this nation they
say terrible things about him it's in
the news it's in other places let's
pause there for a second so if you
criticize Donald Trump it's your fault
that that guy shot all those people in
Las Vegas Wow there is no bottom to that
barrel there are such horrific people
he's you know how they said don't
politicize it's a mass shooting
terrorism we politicize not mass
shootings right but he actually just
politicizes the other way you're
responsible if you've ever criticized
Donald Trump for the shooting but wait a
minute we don't we don't want them to
have a the that kind of magazine
capacity to be able to murder all those
people at once we're against that no no
don't worry about policy by the way
aren't conservatives supposed to be
against big government and aren't they
supposed to be the strong ones who want
to make sure they arm themselves as much
as possible to prevent tyranny Rick what
look oh we got to stop questioning
Authority it's leading to these mass
shootings don't criticize Donald Trump
under any circumstance disrespect you
got to bow your head to our leader
that's what he's saying
yeah when you got a obama's president
don't tread on me when it's a trump is
president don't tread on him otherwise
you're responsible for mass shootings he
said there's now gets worse he said not
worse but equally bad there's disrespect
now for our national anthem he says
disrespect for our veterans disrespect
for the institutions of our government
disrespect for the court system all the
way up and down the line disrespectful a
lot of right-wingers
say that you should not listen to the
court system so I don't know who he's
referring to but of course here he's
taking a shot at all the football
players who are taking any if you do sir
Spectre our national anthem somehow some
random white dude who doesn't care about
your movement at all and has absolutely
nothing to do with it will murder people
in Las Vegas at a mass shooting theirs
but they don't have to make logical
sense if you believe in Pat Robertson
you're already so stupid that you'll
believe anything then oh that is shakes
or miracle shakes and we'll give you for
a life forever and and that yeah and any
and if you're you know I can go on and
on with all the insane stuff Pat
Robertson said hurricanes are because of
lesbians right and so now mass shootings
are because you criticize Donald Trump
and you took a knee to actually protest
killings remember the whole point of the
protests was please don't shoot unarmed
black men please don't do shootings
please don't do shootings but somehow
Pat Robertson flips them on his head and
says you're Pro shooting okay now we go
to Bill O'Reilly he said this is a
gruesome display of course true he said
it's the big downside of American
freedom okay wait a minute that's
starting to sound weird what do you mean
by that well he explained he said this
is the price of freedom Wow Wow
he said the second man is clear that
Americans have a right to arm themselves
for protection even the looms that is
not true that's not remotely true I love
the United States Constitution is the
greatest document that man's ever come
up with
I love the amendments but all the
amendments have required some balancing
act they are not unlimited the First
Amendment I think is the most important
one our whole company our whole
existence is based on the First
Amendment we didn't have freedom of
speech and freedom of the press this
show wouldn't exist but that also has
limits you can't yell fire in a crowded
theater you also can't fire into a
crowded theater and here we had 22,000
people at a concert and and and they
fire into them and O'Reilly goes hey I'm
in price of freedom hey maybe no you
can't we limit weapons sales to loons as
he calls them of course we can can we
limit weapons sales to people we believe
are on the terrorist watch list of
course we can that is a reasonable check
on that right
all rights have
some degree of checks and yes as much as
we want the first amendment to be
expensive even that has some checks the
second amendment doesn't have a check
no no checks okay then I'm gonna buy a
tank and I'm gonna roll through your
streets I'm gonna buy an RPG I'm gonna
buy a nuke of course there are limits to
the Second Amendment you moron if you if
you lost a family member to this tragedy
and you hear those comments from Bill
O'Reilly think about how it's almost as
if he's indifferent right this is the
price you pay for freedom really that
you that's the right statement to make
after fifty nine people were murdered
that's your statement that's your
response oh this is the price you pay
from her freedom and then at the end he
does false equivalency he says public
safety demands logical gun laws oh
that's interesting but the issue is so
polarizing and emotional that little
will be accomplished as there is no
common ground the NRA and supporters
want easy access to weapons while the
left wants them banned not true okay so
there is common ground 93% of Americans
want federal background checks common
ground we can't get it through Congress
it's not because the issues polarized is
because one side says I take checks from
the NRA
I am bribed legally by the NRA it's not
polarizing 93 but I know 93% every one
of them knows ninety-three percent of
Americans wanted their like I don't give
a damn about your democracy I am going
to polarize it
Bill O'Reilly almost every politician
you support is in the business of
polarizing for their own personal gain
the country's not polarized Washington
is polarized by the crop corruption and
the swamp that you love Bill O'Reilly
you love it and you support every one of
those Republicans and he says the left
wants them banned and the NRA wants to
protect him at all cost golly gee I
guess there's nothing we could do or
maybe you could find a middle ground a
reasonable middle ground that an
overwhelming majority of Americans agree
to he wants to make it seem like his
polarized so you don't do anything about
it help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network calm slash join
