a tragedy occurred in Las Vegas just
last night when the largest mass
shooting in modern history occurred
killing 58 individuals and wounding more
than 500 in fact the statistics now
indicate that 515 people are injured
some of which are critically injured
which makes authorities believe that the
death count might actually increase now
this mass shooting occurred during a
country music festival country music
star Jason Aldean was performing Sunday
night at the end of a three-day route 91
Harvest Festival in front of a crowd of
more than 22,000 people when the gunman
opened fire from inside the Mandalay Bay
Hotel and Casino across the street he
was believed to be on the 32nd floor
SWAT teams using explosives stormed the
gunman's hotel room and found he had
killed himself authorities said he had
as many as 20 guns with him including
rifles now so far authorities are saying
that he doesn't have any connection or
any known connection to any
international terrorist organization in
fact his criminal record appears to be
rather clean authorities said no
connection has been found between the
gunman and any international terrorist
group Donald Trump did release a tweet
early this morning in regard to this
tragedy and said the following my
warmest condolences and sympathies to
the victims and families of the terrible
Las Vegas shooting god bless you he also
ordered the flags to fly at half-staff
at all federal buildings and military
installations until sunsets Friday he
said the country must remain unified in
the face of such shocking violence no
word on whether he said there was
terrific people on both sides or very
fine people on both sides last time
there was a act of domestic terrorism he
did say that so you always have to
wonder with Donald Trump
so is this an act of domestic terrorism
that's a good question usually terrorism
requires some sort of political motive
which a religious motives fall under
that so attacked by Muslim radicals
would qualify as an actor
domestic terrorism of course like San
Bernardino which was very clear they
said there that's why they were doing it
also things like the Dylan roof attack
in South Carolina where he had a very
clear political motive had a manifesto
and explained it clearly terrorism
although not referred to as such about
at least half the time probably more
than half the time it's not referred to
as such but it clearly is this is not as
clear not that there was a horrific
deaths involved in civilian casualties
there was just have no idea what his
motivation was we don't know if it was
political religious or just lost his
mind wanted glory which unfortunately is
what unifies almost all these mass
shooters whether they're terrorists or
not in their mind they get to be famous
and and see glory in their own different
way yeah as it as it stands right now
again we know nothing about his
motivations and anyone who claims that
they do is merely speculating
authorities have said that they haven't
found any motivation or any motive as of
yet now we do have video footage of what
the scene was like and it's incredibly
graphic and difficult to watch but I
think that a case could be made that
it's important to see what people go
through during a mass shooting and how
incredibly horrific and terrifying it is
so I wanted to give you guys that
warning in case you do want to look away
and with that said let's take a look at
the first video
this point concert goers didn't realize
what was going on the music had clearly
stopped later on the music started
playing again because the shooting or
the sounds of the shooting had stopped
but as soon as the music started playing
again you hear the you hear the weapon
again
so that sounds like a war zone and
that's exactly what we've turned the
country into you know case of domestic
terrorism are a few they are terrible
their disastrous case of mass shootings
are incredibly frequent I'm going to get
too graphic three here in a second to
show you how frequent they are and so
we've armed almost everybody in the
country there for every 100 people in
America there's 88.8 guns so about 89
guns for every 100 people and almost
everyone has a weapon some people have
many this guy apparently had 18 to 20 in
his room when they finally got into the
room he had over 30 weapons overall and
described by his brother is not
particularly a gun guy in America I kept
apparently you have thirty weapons and
they don't even consider you a gun guy
and so I can understand the crowds
confusion there I would have been
incredibly confused what that sounds
like gunfire but is there really a fully
automatic weapon being fired into a
crowd in America unfortunately the
answer is often yes
so usually semi-automatic in this case
it was fully automatic and and that's
why it looked like a warzone so let me
give you the stats here on this mass
shootings in 2016 there was three
hundred and eighty three of them so more
mass shootings than days in the year
15,000 people killed by gun violence
that year this year there's been 275
days in the year so far and 273 mass
shootings eleven thousand six hundred
people killed by gun violence so a
little over one a day last year a tiny
bit under one a day this year and what
is a mass shooting it is four people
shot and/or killed by a gunman not
including the gunman so it's not a
little shooting it's not a domestic
violence it's not a one-off it is a mass
shooting and we have them every single
day in America I just got word that the
death toll has now
increase to 59 so 59 people were killed
what are we gonna do something what are
we gonna do something you know so you
have the right wing of course
immediately chopping out so you don't do
anything just give thoughts and prayers
and meditation and yoga or whatever else
that you want but whatever you do don't
take political action because remember
they're all corrupt politicians that get
that serve their private interests that
don't that finance their campaigns and
the NRA is one of those private
interests they're very important then
Ras funded by gun manufacturers even
though over 70% of NRA members say for
God's sake let's do some background
checks especially on the in the gun
shows over 80% of gun owners say that
over ninety three percent of Americans
say that in a democracy if you can't
pass something that 93 percent of
Americans agree with then you might not
have a democracy and we don't we have
institutionalized corruption and the gun
manufacturer is an enormous part of that
and it is literally killing us you know
what happened today gun manufacturers
stock prices went up today so they must
be thrilled at what's happening they
sold more guns because people are more
panicked which will lead to more gun
homicides and more gun deaths which will
lead to higher prices for them and when
we have our so-called representatives we
ask them to act and and actually solve
this so we don't all get murdered all
throughout the country they go nope nope
I'm not going to I'm bought I'm bought
and so gun manufacturers profit from you
dying so I'm going to support them and
not you and if someone you know died in
a shooting like this well you know that
it was your corrupt politician who
rather take money from the NRA and gun
manufacturers that actually do anything
about this so let me just jump in real
quick in response to the stock prices of
these gun manufacturers going up so
oftentimes when these stories break
rightfully there is criticism in regard
to the media's response and the
politicians response or lack thereof and
you know I think that the American
public also needs to reflect on the way
it responds and reacts to these types of
shootings so let's say in this situation
all of those people I'm sure some of
them were but
imagine all of them were armed and they
decided to open fire in response to that
shooter that shooters on a thirty second
floor what are you gonna do with your
gun I understand the panic nod family
there I was certainly panicked but is
the right response to go out and
purchase more guns if you were there and
you did have a gun what would you do how
would you protect yourself well first of
all of course first of all you the
minute you grab the gun cops might think
you're the shooter terrible idea
terrible save all the guys on the 32nd
floor what are gonna do try to hit him
on the 32nd floor and then accidentally
kill people on the 31st floor the 29th
floor etc people didn't even know where
the you know where the gunshots were
coming from they had no idea in fact
there were people there were witnesses
there who thought that there were
multiple shooters so no one really knew
what was going on it's panic it's
complete chaos as I mentioned more than
22,000 people went to that Country Music
Festival I mean it was horrifying
horrifying it and adding more guns to
that mix I don't think would have made
the situation any better I'm really go
to graphics 2 & 6 next here because I
want to give you context for how often
this happens and you know that what the
idiot NRA lackeys will say and remember
they don't represent the majority of
even NRA members over 70% of them say
give me some sort of federal background
check is especially on Gaucher's now the
thousand excuses don't talk about it the
first day just try to pray it away and
then hey o Mandalay Bay didn't allow
guns so haha there was a shooting anyway
you can't stop these are you kidding me
we're in an ocean of guns you just step
outside of Mandalay Bay did you know
that in Las Vegas toy guns are banned on
the strip because some tourists were
worried about the stormtroopers that
they take pictures was the Star Wars
guys their toy guns were freaking some
people out but real guns are allowed on
the strip and you can actually open
carry you so toy guns are bad but real
guns are not that is insane that's
insane that's the country we have but
they say oh no but you weren't a lot of
bringing the Mandalay Bay oh it's fully
automatic well what do you think people
want to stop those loopholes the gun
shows you don't know what the hell
they're selling Oh
just States they're supposed to be only
selling semi-automatic so it's illegal
so you don't even know that's why we
want the background checks that's why
most NRA members want the background
checks that's why we need some sort of
process here so that criminals don't get
their hands on guns and murder us stay
in down so how bad is it
let's go to graphic to gun deaths per
year in America 33,000 now as you saw
from the one the set I gave you from
2016 about 15,000 of those in 2016 or
homicides and then there's a lot of
suicides and of course there's a ton of
accidents as well but 33,000 people
that's ten 9/11 more than ten 911s okay
now how many people injured overall in
on average between 2010 and 2014 seventy
eight thousand eight hundred and fifteen
non-fatal gun injuries so you add that
the 33,000 that were fatal
you're at a hundred and eleven thousand
at least that's a war man if we went to
war and we had 33,000 people dying
78,000 get injured that's way worse than
any year of Iraq so but we're at war
with ourselves
we've terrorized ourselves and every
time you go to do something about it the
right wing shouts no don't politicize
don't do anything make sure that all you
do is sit there and think about and
never take any action and they're
corrupt corrupt Republican politicians
and yes some Democratic politicians but
almost the entirety of the Republican
Party is 100% corrupt on this issue and
they will profit from your death and not
blink I want us to show video too
it's another perspective of the scene of
the shooting so again a warning it's
graphic but I wanted to make sure that
we provide exactly what that environment
was like so again if you don't want to
see it please look away and if you do
let's go to break and show video number
two we'll be right back
