UN sanctions in response to North
Korea's testing of missiles has led to
China finally ordering the shutdown of
North Korean companies that operate in
its own country now North Korean
companies in China including those that
have joint ventures with Chinese firms
must shut down within less than four
months according to reports China's
Ministry of Commerce and the state
administration for industry and commerce
said that in an on-set in an online
statement that is part of implementing
UN sanctions North Korean entities and
individuals that have set up businesses
in China must shut down within 120 days
of the latest United Nations Security
Council sanctions which were passed on
September 11th so this is great news
because look it's a double-edged sword
because on one hand it's great because
you want to cut off resources to Kim
Jong Un's regime but at the same time
the people that are gonna suffer most
are the North Korean people but yeah
yeah yes it's a complicated situation
but obviously China's finally taking
some action so that's good news yeah and
it is a little unprecedented here
because because China doesn't offer
crackdown on North Korean business
interests and the reason for that is
they're worried about creating
instability in North Korea is if there's
instability every was gonna rush across
the border into China and cause a giant
problem so they're trying to keep things
as stable as possible they at most
tweaked North Korea but don't hit them
too hard but now I think that they've
done their fifth nuclear test earlier in
this month China is thinking maybe it's
going to create more instability if we
don't actually take action against them
so now that this doesn't cover all the
business for North Korea and China a lot
of that is off the books and it cetera
but it is real and for and and so to
have this go into effect in about like
Magana said in 120 days could make a
difference is it this was gonna hurt him
dog and but we don't know what North
Korea is the reaction will be to that
right said yeah so
that that reaction is definitely
something to be concerned about but
another thing to keep in mind you
briefly mentioned it was that a lot of
North Korean businesses that operate in
China are done in like a super tricky
shady way so they'll be like some sort
of middleman involved and kind of like
when you're handed it's a very
undercover yeah oh my entire I was just
waiting okay so by the way to that point
the rules don't apply to nonprofits or
non-commercial infrastructure projects
so there are some businesses that would
be exempt also businesses can apply to
regulators for exemptions on an
individual basis so they're leaving like
an avenue open in which some of these
businesses can get an exemption from
this new policy and they all said look
we're not really affiliated with those
guys we're gone with a individual basis
the record all right guys okay it's a
serious story let's hope to god it works
so that North Korea doesn't start a war
if you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
