on Wednesday of this week Donald Trump
took a break from tweeting about how
much he hates NFL players because
they're black and decided to go on a
different Twitter tangent rant where he
talked about the fact that Facebook and
the corporate media and all of social
media was just so damn mean to him
during the 2016 presidential election
according to Donald Trump
Facebook was mean to him the corporate
media was mean to him they covered him
unfairly they didn't give him a fair
chance to come on and tell his story
well back here in reality in the real
world where most of us live in who
aren't Donald Trump the media gave
Donald Trump more than two billion
dollars worth of free air time during
both the primary and the actual
presidential campaign two billion
dollars in free air time so can anybody
explain to me how that's being unfair
did Hillary Clinton get that much free
airtime did did Jill Stein or Gary
Johnson get anything close to that
absolutely not in fact many media
outlets loosened their rules for guests
so that they could have Donald Trump
call in on the phone rather than appear
in studio in person which is something
that media outlets especially corporate
cable news outlets do not allow under
any circumstances but they let Donald
Trump do it
they let him call in they let him do his
interview say whatever the hell he
wanted they never questioned it they
thanked him for his time and let him be
on his way if anything the media was
overly fair to Donald Trump by changing
their own rules letting him come on
without actually having to come on two
billion dollars in free air time and
this jackass has the audacity to say
they were unfair to him now as far as
the social media front goes Facebook was
mean to him he's gonna have to provide a
little bit of explanation about that
because Facebook as we all know is not a
person I don't think Mark Zuckerberg was
out there posting anti Trump memes to
his Facebook
page and forcing everyone on Facebook to
look at them that didn't happen in fact
what did happen was that foreign
entities started buying ads on Facebook
to promote Donald Trump and make Hillary
Clinton look worse those stories are
getting worse by the day and now it
turns out that on Twitter it was even
more in-depth than it was on Facebook so
Donald Trump's claims of being treated
unfairly by anyone are absolutely untrue
because if he got negative coverage it's
because he earned it and I haven't seen
too many progressive media outlets that
have been popped for lying about Donald
Trump because we don't have to lie we
say what he says we talk about his
policies and his plans they speak for
themselves and if that coverage isn't
flattering for you it's because your
policies your talking points and your
personality are absolute crap
