according to a new report on CNN the IRS
is officially handing over documents to
special prosecutor Robert Muller in his
investigation into possible collusion
and criminal activity in the Trump
campaign and the Trump administration
this latest information shows what they
believe is that Muller is looking into
the IRS tax returns from people like
Paul Manafort and Michael Flynn man
affort worked on the campaign Flynn
worked in the administration and they're
trying to find out what kind of payments
either person received from groups like
Russia or Turkey or any other foreign
entity however we do not know for sure
that those are the people that Muller
got information on and we do not know if
Muller received information from Donald
Trump's tax returns right now this is
all still speculation but we do know
that both former and current members of
both the Trump campaign and the Trump
administration have been targeted and
their information from the IRS has been
handed over to Robert Muller according
to reports what he's seeking is banking
records and real estate records and it's
that second one that leads many people
to believe that he actually is looking
at Donald Trump's tax returns one of the
things we know that came out recently
was one of Donald Trump's associates
that he bought some property with and
took out some loans with up north had
actually been convicted on criminal
charges Trump knew this but still sought
a loan with this person which is highly
illegal and so that could be one of the
things that Muller is looking into
because that would definitely point to
some criminal activity on Trump's part
that actually has nothing to do with the
original intent of this investigation
and Robert Muller has a special power
that was granted to him by the interim
AG when he was appointed he is allowed
to pursue any form of criminal evidence
in this investigation whether or not it
relates to the initial claim a
collusion with the country of Russia
meaning if man not man afford if Muller
uncovers something that he thinks might
lead to a completely different financial
crime by anyone that's been swept up in
this investigation he is allowed to
pursue that crime as well in addition to
the original investigation of collusion
so don't think that just because
Muller's got Trump's tax returns and
they don't show that he colluded or
received payments don't think for a
minute that that doesn't mean Donald
Trump can't be prosecuted for something
else because it absolutely does and I
think that's why Muller is taking his
time here working with the IRS trying to
get as much information as possible on
as many people as possible so that one
day he can walk into the Senate or walk
into the White House or walk up to a
podium for a press conference
drop a file and say hey I've got 15
indictments in my hand for 15 different
people line up and come get them Trump
administration and I think that's what
most people in this country are hoping
for at this point if you're thinking
about subscribing to our channel I
strongly encourage you to do that but if
you're not thinking about subscribing I
would encourage you to start thinking
about it and then once you're thinking
about it actually go and do it you can
see the subscribe button right there on
the screen or if you're watching on a
different platform go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire
