let's talk more about Bridgewater
because you do something is some things
that are really radically different at
your company than other companies
literally it's called radical
transparency what is that well in one
sentence my Bridgewater
is most importantly an idea meritocracy
so that where the best ideas went out in
which our goals are to have meaningful
work and meaningful relationships
they're equally important okay me in
other words be great at work and be
great at the relationships part because
that's important and to do that through
radical truthfulness and radical
transparency so radical truthfulness
means that we say what we think and we
try to get past it and radical
transparency means that everybody can
see it pretty much everything so we take
things so that everybody can see
anything that's going on so it's brought
to the surface so this the way this idea
of meritocracy works is you got to do
three things first you have to put your
honest thoughts on the table whatever
you're thinking put them on the table I
put them on the table that means if you
think I'm not good at something put it
on the table I'll do it put it on the
table and we'll look at it together
second that sounds pretty hard so it's
not you know what's hot if you look at
the second-order consequences rather
than the first-order consequences mm-hm
it what's harder is living with the
consequences of not doing that when you
do it in the context of interpersonal
relationships including the ones that
work that's where most people think it
is incredibly difficult to say to
someone like it's easier to say to me
maybe easier to say to you because we we
like to think and we're I'm sure we're
not completely right about that either
but that we have less of an ego I have a
big ego in other ways no question about
that but I but you can criticize me and
I and I and I don't I'm not too worried
about it okay and I take that as
positive for myself but other people who
are not used to it if you have to tell
them you're not good at this so that
really tells a let me ask you to just to
care
through cerebrally he's so first
question let's imagine we're having
somebody sitting here and we're asking
them a question first question Jake
which is more effective which is the
better way to be which is the better way
to be in other words is it better to be
able to speak that way and do that or is
it better not to are you going to have a
better life if you do that or what
should you do that that speak openly and
work that way or should you not a or b
which is it your goals are well I'm
saying but is because if I my goal is to
run a better company I'm sure you're
right but if my goal is to not hurt
their feelings no but I'm gonna said no
but I think that when you deal with the
dishonesty of not hurt their feelings
you're gonna be making judgments about
people okay you're going and those will
be in your mind and they may be right
and they may be wrong and I'm saying if
I was the person at the other end here
who's asking you what I want to know I
would want to know okay because then you
could work that through because the
misunderstanding and all of those
judgments is going to be a problem
probably an efficiency and a problem in
in trust and so on if we had a
partnership and you knew that I was
going to speak totally truthful with you
and you're going to be totally truthful
with me okay mm-hmm and that partnership
by the way can include personal
relationships if you know okay listen
there's not going to be anything hidden
then we're going to do it but we can
work through that that is the more
effective you put you stay to what the
barrier is the barrier is an emotional
barrier it's not a logical barrier you
would want to be that way so if you know
that being that way is going to make you
more successful and you now have just an
emotional barrier maybe that will prompt
you to say I better deal with that
emotional barrier that is standing in my
way of being as effective as I could be
in the relationships of the people that
I have
the I don't even think they know that
they can trust in truth they know that
what I'm saying is there they know that
we can deal with it together in terms of
looking at they know that when I'm
making a judgement I also I'm
approaching it that I don't know that
I'm right about that judgment and that
we can and then they could hear it and
we can have the back and forth and so on
that has allowed us to get through to
create a better relationships I'm having
much better relationships it may not be
the at that moment there might be a
discomfort that we have to work
ourselves through but when you have
trust in that kind of honesty in that
relationship man let me tell you you'll
be a partner of mine in any way in life
or in business and you're not that way
it's not going to work okay because if I
doubt your truth and so it improves
efficiency because it gets it all on the
table okay and don't be such a wimp
about talking about it okay in other
words yeah though it's uncomfortable oh
it's uncomfortable
let's get past that uncomfort and try to
deal with what we're really thinking to
get better and it builds that trust and
builds better relationship
