I've made it very clear what I think of
FCC director Ajith PI such a two-faced
crony I can't stand his lying ass pie as
a former lawyer for Verizon and current
guy who assures us that we don't need
net neutrality and that greedy isp
lobbies aren't salivating like cartoon
wolves that the idea that they can gouge
us and throttle us if we just trust them
to do the right thing he makes me long
for the days when the only thing we ever
heard about the FCC was them finding
people for saying on TV was that
believed don't we're on facebook a G PI
thinks we're stupid enough to believe
the things he says about net neutrality
are true Oishi pi thinks were stupid
enough to believe that since he is the
current FCC director that he isn't in
the pocket of his former employers and
that he won't go back for a cushy
private-sector job with the industry
executives he helped make richer he
thinks were stupid enough to be
willingly slow lane and have the content
we see controlled by the likes of
Comcast Verizon or anyone else in the
telecom oligarchy he also thinks were
stupid enough to laugh at his so-called
comedy well when I get out of jail for
treason as Matthew McConaughey said I
might be older and they'll be the same
that was ever going to end
how divorced from reality the point is
he thinks he and Trump and Betsy Davos
and the other current class of private
sector profiteers can get away with
shorting out the American people for
personal gain
he thinks the American people are so
divided and so willing to fall in line
with this side or that side or that
we'll find the language of net
neutrality and communications so
frustratingly boring that we'll just let
go of a fast and fair an affordable
Internet and put up with whatever slowly
and certainly worsening isp climate
there is until it's completely
unrecognizable from what we have today
we'll all be that cartoon dog and the
growing fire saying this is fine this
isn't fine this isn't normal and
speaking of fire did a cheap I it's time
for you to go there's an upcoming Senate
vote on whether a G pie gets another
term as FCC chair it's happening Monday
Republicans are expected to approve him
giving pie five more years to destroy
the Internet as we know it and they hold
the majority so it'll probably happen
but not without a fight and not without
a debate pointing out why he's
Senate Democrats are starting a campaign
to stop the confirmation and finally
fire pie with senator Maria Cantwell
taking the lead in her argument she
largely points to PI's dream of
destroying consumer protections and also
damningly how he's working against the
public interest Free Press net has a
petition and an easy-to-use tool to help
you tell your senator you want a sheep I
fired and that a vote for pie is a vote
to destroy the internet and that we
voters that have no love for cable
companies like the internet the links
below and you should absolutely click it
ah gee pi isn't a difficult to read
individual his record speaks for itself
but I'll remind you anyway
PI's primary objectives are to kill net
neutrality loosen regulations and
generally let his old bosses have their
way with the American people gross so
it's assuming the FCC chair position
pi has stopped nine small ISPs that
provided broadband services for
low-income areas as part of the Lifeline
program he stopped schools and libraries
from being able to avoid expensive
incumbent service providers eliminated
competition requirements in the Charter
Time Warner merger which killed efforts
to give consumers more than one viable
internet choice and even though it's his
damn job to ensure Americans have access
to high-quality broadband he is poised
to we classify what broadband actually
is leading to much slower speeds for
almost everyone not only will that leave
us with lousy broadband service but
large incumbent ISPs would have zero
incentive to improve essentially leaving
our speeds and stasis while the rest of
the world improves did you notice a
pattern pie has a history of one
undermining small ISPs chances of
success ensuring monopolies in some
parts of the country and killing small
businesses to buttressing profits for
large expensive ISPs and industry he
used to work in by the way and three
sticking Americans with slow expensive
coverage with no hope of improvement
senator Cantwell was right he is
absolutely abandoning his duty to the
public interest he only works for
private interest believe me which leads
me to the other shitty thing he's
helping to force on us
Sinclair broadcasting a news network
currently working toward monopolizing
the local TV news markets across the
entire country is a trump favorite for a
reason they have must run pieces they
force local news stations to air besides
production value
worse than that dancing pumpkin video
they feature horribly racist grandpa
content like this and mayor's in 22
French towns are ignoring a high court's
ruling that says banning bikinis is
illegal more than 30 towns initially
outlaw the swim swimwear worn mostly by
Muslim women from the terrorism alert
dusk
I'm Michelle Marsh what about terrorism
it's just about Muslims and the stations
they control have to run it all current
173 Sinclair own stations some markets
cleverly put them at a dead time slot
but Sinclair broadcasting is absolutely
controlling with local news airs and
making them air some genuinely
horrifying content shouldn't at least
local news be agnostic about party
rhetoric and if pie has his way Sinclair
will buy Tribune Broadcasting giving
them access to 72% of TV owning
households in the country imagine this
on 72% of TV's they're unhappy with the
timing of the comments or the fact that
the president correctly acknowledged
that there was hate and violence coming
from the left as well there is no good
side to what pie is offering us if he
succeeds we'll spend years trying to dig
out of a terrible broadband situation
instead of improving it like the rest of
the world he'll try to convince you he's
a smiley goofy nerd and maybe he is but
he's also a corporatist
a profiteer and is absolutely working
against the people he's supposed to be
serving he makes a mockery of government
granted he's not the only one but we've
got to take every opportunity to dissent
from the corporatization and
privatization of the internet and from
those who would allow a hyper partisan
corporation to monopolize the local news
media and every city and town in America
right now the best way you can fight
back is for you to click the link below
and tell your senator to fire ajit pi
i'm kim Horcher I wrote this you can
catch me on twitter at kim scorcher
facebook kim huorchi official instagram
kim orchard
you
