Health and Human Services Secretary Tom
price has just announced that he plans
on paying for the charter flights that
he took on American taxpayers dime and
of course this is following a huge
investigation that showed that he racked
up hundreds of thousands of dollars in
these flights where he traveled to
various locations for official business
but on some of those trips he also went
there for personal reasons as well and
so understandably as someone who
considered himself you know a fiscal
Hawk a real fiscal conservative he did
get quite a bit of criticism and heat
for the fact that he was taking these
private jets what in reality he could
have just taken trains or commercial
flights and saved US taxpayers a
considerable amount of money
now Tom prices official statement in
regard to this was that the taxpayers
won't pay a dime for my seat on those
planes the announcement follows a
political investigation finding that
price had taken at least 26 charter
flights costing more than $400,000 since
May now there is some there are some
predicting that he won't pay that full
cost I'm predicting that he's hoping
that this will kind of go away and maybe
he won't pay anything but that's just my
speculation so I want to be clear about
that but apparently after Donald Trump
claimed that he might consider firing
Tom price over this Tom Price decided
that he would state that he'd pay for
these flights so Bob's guys it's part of
that skinny budget yeah just skinny
budget $400,000 for charter flights I
think this is listen I mean we don't
need any more evidence and I feel like
we're just speaking to our own audience
but at a time when they're talking about
the budget when they're talking about
tax cuts it's just it just doesn't look
good and I think that's why Donald Trump
threw him under the bus but the reality
is you know is political are gonna
follow up are people gonna be paying
attention to whether or not he
reimbursed that money does anybody know
if Donald Trump ever gave money to the
veterans like you said he would this is
part of their game and it distracts away
from the real stuff which is this budget
talk and also paying
the Democrats frankly I think there's
two sides of this we have to pay
attention to the real stuff happening
and you know when there's an Instagram
photo of Stephen Newtons wife
hashtag hermas hashtag Louie Vuitton
yeah that's a great piece that
reinforced that this is this is a
corporate ah cracy that's the one
percent that's ruling Donald Trump's
cabin area the swamp right it's the same
swamp that Trump claimed that he would
drain in DC and he's done the exact
opposite but III do want to just quickly
mention that you're right it certainly
doesn't look good when Republicans are
pushing for tax cuts which of course
would benefit the wealthy more than
anyone else but I also think that you
know Trump likes to bully people that
don't accomplish his legislative goals
and during his Boy Scouts Jamboree
speech Trump said that you know he
jokingly said that he would fire Tom
Price if he didn't do what was needed to
pass the health of the health care
reform right the repeal and replace of
the Affordable Care Act so I think it
has maybe something to do with the
flights but in the grand scheme of
things Trump doesn't strike me as
someone who really cares about something
like that
I think he's just bitter that they lost
again when it comes to the health care
issue actually neither is Tom price to
care about the real issue behind it so
when you see statements of regret or
concern or apologies for what they've
done and what they're gonna do to to I
guess repay their debts in this case
directly you have to see what their
wording is because you wonder if they've
actually learned the lesson again I've
said this before I have a five-year-old
kid and in TK last year when there's a
conflict the teacher said okay if you
apologize for something what are you
apologizing for do you know what you did
to the person and how you're gonna fix
it to make sure doesn't happen again
none of that stuff is ever addressed in
these statements by grown-ass men who
are in positions of power so all my
political career he says in his part of
a statement I fought for the taxpayers
it's clear to me that in this case I was
not sensitive enough to my concern for
the taxpayer so tom did you forget as
you were sitting on the plane with your
staff and you were doing the whole thing
on the private jet did you go I'm heard
back in was it oh eight oh six when he
was on on shows talking about how he
hates the outrageous spending by these
Democrats so are you forgetting did you
forget do you not know what you
anymore he didn't forget do you just not
care anymore
so of course so you have to address it
and so you overlook it so you don't say
well you know I'm gonna go back and
think about where I've come from and
what I'm gonna do to remedy this
situation not just pay it off because
again we don't know if that's gonna
happen but what are you gonna do how do
we trust you again is the point right
look I don't believe a single member of
Congress is a so-called fiscal
conservative right and by the way this
criticism extends to Democrats as well
because if you're genuinely concerned
about you know balancing the budget and
and running the government in a
responsible economic way then you
wouldn't continuously support massive
increases of funding toward the Defense
Department so private contractors can
get rich right and so look this $400,000
is shady and Tom Price deserves the
criticism he's getting especially
considering the fact that he's a massive
hypocrite when it comes to this issue
but in the grand scheme of things I mean
the biggest amount of waste is not on
entitlement programs it's it's not on
you know of the Affordable Care Act and
you know helping expand Medicaid it's
really when we put money into the
military so you know the Defense
Department can spend twenty eight
million dollars on Forest camo gear for
Afghan soldiers when they're in a place
where only two percent of their land is
covered by forests right like that's the
kind of that we shouldn't be
spending our money on okay if you're a
real fiscal conservative you'd point to
that but they continuously increase the
the money toward the Pentagon and our
crazy our government is essentially a
money funneling machine for contractors
and consultants right political parties
our money funnel machines for the
consultants and contractors make all the
money out of our budget right and these
are the same people let's not forget
these are the same people who put out
those that and they go on like Fox
Business and they talk about oh my god
the US government spent $40,000 on
shortened researching shrimps shrimp on
treadmills I mean that was literally in
one of their reports yeah they find
these little things that's their
strategy look at all this waste over
here but you know the waste over here
right I love that you brought up you
know scientific studies and the
government subsidizing or helping pay
for some of those studies
because you know don't they look at
something like that which has a purpose
on its face a study like that might seem
ridiculous but it's usually you know
basic science studies that help us
understand the world around us and help
you know in in researching bigger things
that actually do benefit society anyway
look Republicans have been you know
trying to defund scientific programs for
a long time and at the same time they'll
go ahead and though increase funding for
things that we don't need which is a
bloated defense budget that only
benefits private contractors there
wasn't a bit from what we did mention
the the DOE the Dow he did or he or she
tweeted that price this is a hill
article Tom Price is apparently gonna
pay fifty two thousand of the estimated
400,000 of the travel cost okay so at
least that in an hour or did make that
under an hour
that's insane already during that flight
a representative for Tom Price indicates
that he will only pay fifty two thousand
of the four hundred thousand dollars
that he has racked up from the private
jet travel which is unsurprising III
think we hit the nail on the head when
we just suspected that he wouldn't pay
the full amount I to be fair didn't
think he was an eighth of it about just
over an eighth of the cost and who's the
charter company like what was one of
their cronies yes good point if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network comm slash joy
