so at EIT we like celebrating progress
and there's some progress out of Saudi
Arabia that we're pretty excited about
that is right Saudi Arabian women will
have the right to drive so that's pretty
cool
Saudi Arabia announced that women will
be allowed to drive starting next year
according to an announcement from King
Salman women will be allowed to apply
for driver's licenses immediately and
the ban will be fully lifted by next
summer so it's not right away but that's
something that's great news unless you
want to get anywhere in Saudi Arabia am
i right no auto insurance ends up
costing a lot more for men come on
really like just drive really let's move
on with our lives yeah it's true you
didn't hear about like Miley Cyrus drag
racing her car down
you know Calabasas it was Justin Bieber
but we live in LA for Saudi princes or
so yeah exactly or sorry princess so a
women took to Twitter to respond to this
news one was Medea a LaRouche who was a
part of a rebellion in 1990 where women
took to their cars and just drove any
way around Riyadh it was awesome she
said we were finally allowed to drive
congratulations to Saudi women the will
for women to drive has finally come we
the Saudi women has the freedom of
mobility another who spoke out was Manal
al-sharif who was caught driving in 2011
and she had to spend nine days in prison
it's just insane what women had to go
through what she got this right she said
on Twitter Saudi Arabia will never be
the same again
the rain begins with a single drop so
you had some poignant responses and then
there were some funny responses to this
was one that I liked that just said they
see me rollin they hatin
and that's actually a Jif that you can
play it through of a girl in her car so
that was pretty awesome just so that we
all know where Saudi Arabia is out they
were women were only given the right to
vote in December of 2015 and there are
still guardianship laws that are in
place in Saudi Arabia so there is a ways
to go for progress in the country but
this is you know
the rain does begin with a single drop
this is big news I'm very excited for
this yes speak now for I'm gonna guess
373 people watching right now uh-huh
is it Jeff I hate that people pronounce
it shift I mean I guess people have
accepted that and we have to I don't
know I mean I doesn't make sense
you think it should get I I say gift and
to be fair I think I've read somewhere
that the guy who invented the digit the
gift that yeah he does pronounce it gif
and we just all we just stop it's sort
of like Rihanna like we call her Rihanna
she is over overwhelmingly pronounce her
name is Rihanna and we just like no we
got it that's not your name to some
things and I don't know why I didn't
know that but it's Rihanna I will call
it gift from now on and it's Rihanna and
I will say Rihanna from now on quite a
story tomorrow so we don't practice no
but I think he she said is Jeff right
like the no no no it is I think and I
could be wrong and you guys will let us
know in the comment section below I I
think the creator of the black came out
and said it was a gift I guess I think I
couldn't it could be there the way
around Jeff the first time then when you
told the story as I say Jeff okay I
still say Jeff and I still say Rihanna
and I hate that I do that I hate that
i'ma start a movement now and and keep
calling
I've lived 50 years without ever saying
Rihanna's name I think so
I think I've now at at one day been
correctly you're welcome you're welcome
to the magical she's very very talented
so we saw the response on Twitter to
Saudi and Saudi Arabian women what was
your response to this news do you think
it was sort of about time or were you
surprised I mean of course it's about so
Corey's right good drive I mean it they
should have been allowed to drive a long
time ago and so yes you're right I
should focus on the positive here which
is that you know there has been some
progress but I can't help but harp on
you know other things that are still in
place in Saudi Arabia that you know
really limit the freedoms of these women
including the fact that they're forced
to wear you know complete headdresses
they're not allowed to take their veils
off
they're not allowed to take those wheels
off if they're eating they're not allows
you dress for beauty they're not allowed
to be seen with a man who is not a
relative they're not allowed to travel
anywhere without permission to open a
bank account they're not allowed to open
a bank account the husband's permission
husband or father that's the
guardianship law yes because these guys
are so incredibly insecure that they
think giving these women any type of
independence is is dangerous you know so
look for me that represents you know
insecurity among males in their country
and it also says to me that they just
don't want these women to be independent
in any way being allowed to open a bank
account without the permission of the
men in your life allows you a certain
degree of independence and they don't
want that and so again great that
there's some progress but hopefully
there'll be a fight for more and I and I
know that the Saudi women are our
fighters and they've been fighting on
this issue for decades now and so on to
the next I'm not mistaken I mean then
the real the real absurd inequality and
injustice of how adultery is dealt with
- right yes yeah so yeah so they're
still they're still old but it's a it's
a significant sign it was a symbol and I
of course instantly worry about you know
because there'll be a lot of men in
Saudi Arabia who who don't want that
hate this right and see it as a sign of
again like we see here to some extent
thankfully not that addicts not as rigid
but you know a sense that you're losing
control of the privileged world that you
lived in so I'm sure there'll be some
awful stories as these days this change
is implemented yeah but you know what I
learned about the the really awesome web
community of Saudi Arabian women on the
Internet I think that is awesome and I
would never underestimate the emboldened
spirit of a woman especially when strong
women can band together and encourage
and support and lift up each other so
this is a small step it's not anywhere
near where it needs to be but I'm it's
it is exciting I
I don't know I think it's not a small
staff that's why I say those things I
think it's a really big step of their
it's not the last step there need to be
a hundred more but it's a pretty big
deal
if you liked this video you probably
like independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
