so last night we had another football
game this is of course Monday Night
Football after all other games have been
played for those of you who don't live
in America but live in a box instead
anyway it was the Cowboys versus the
Cardinals and Donald Trump was going to
get in on the action and triple down on
his criticism of the NFL of course of
course he was then I'll tell you what
Dallas did he said do booing at the NFL
football game last night when the entire
Dallas team dropped to its knees was
loudest I have ever heard great anger
hey okay I heard it it was definitely
not the loudest I ever heard it was
definitely booing they were in Arizona
oh this is the worst talking point in
American history
like when Steelers didn't come out for
the national anthem and they came out
later in Chicago where they were playing
Chicago the fans booed that's because
there's no opposing team and the Arizona
players were also locking arms so that
makes no sense they were booing the
Cowboys when they took a knee because
there's all posing team and look I grant
you that some of them might have been
opposed to the kneeling or whatever but
that wasn't the only reason why
okay so let's show it to you by the way
here's what it looked like and that was
all the players the coaches and even as
you see right there Jerry Jones taking
any the owner the very very wealthy
because as far as we know conservative
chris christie hugging motor of the
Dallas Cowboys
man Trump is such a disaster he got
billionaire owners to take a knee in not
necessarily in unison with but in
sympathy with Colin Kaepernick who they
were keeping out of the league and you
are an epic fail you're a living
breathing epic fail Donald Trump so and
Jerry Jones was not the first to lock
arms with his players Shahid Khan the
owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars was
but he was the first taken knee now that
what they did was they took a knee
before the anthem and then they went and
locked arms during the anthem so they're
trying to
have it both ways that's okay that's
okay I think to me that was it's a
wonderful sign over all of not just
unity but saying look we're not just
locking arm so we are in fact hanging me
but we don't want to offend the people
that think that it's the anthem is
sacrosanct and if you are in the wrong
body position during the FM they're also
gonna get upset or maybe some of the
players would also get upset and you
want to respect their thoughts and their
rights as well so okay it's not as Trump
take this it's a double slap Adam not
only they all take a knee but during the
half and they also lock arms so no no no
Trump has a different take on it he says
but while Dallas dropped to its knees as
a team they all stood up for our
national anthem big progress being made
we all love our country no they took the
knee against you and they locked arms
are a nice love anthem against you is a
sign of unity saying that what you're
doing is unacceptable it's not like you
were like the whole league was locking
arms before the National during the
national anthem before you made your
comments it was only some of the players
and it was all it is a show of unity for
the protest that Kaepernick started now
he started twisted like oh yeah well
during the anthem the protest that
they're doing that was just me we're
making progress we're making progress
you are such a child a sad sad child
baby
then Trump tweets ratings for NFL
football are way down except before the
game starts when people tune in to see
whether or not our country will be
disrespected not worried about police
brutality not worried about
african-americans and there their plea
for justice here not worried about the
freedom of speech of the players or
anyone else what's the rating service
what's the ratings doing and then is it
true that the ratings are up before the
game no there's no evidence to that just
made that up
it's a Copa I got good ratings I got
different good ratings before the game
had bad ratings afterwards got you you
didn't get anybody you're a fool you
turn the entire league against you okay
but he doesn't get it man
he really doesn't according to people
who were at gathering of right-wingers
he'd
min-hee was excited he thought he was
winning it's like Charlie Sheen's
standing on a roof with a machete going
I'm winning I'm by winning hey he told
those supporters it's really caught on
it's really caught on no you schmuck
protest against you have caught on
you were so unbelievably dumb okay you
said I said what millions of Americans
were thinking now that actually has some
degree of truth to it
unfortunately because it is nowhere near
the majority of Americans but there are
there is this 330 million people in the
country and there is some percentage who
think come on man not that police
brutality is not that bad and name a lot
of them might think that and a lot of
might say that but for most of them I
think they think I just don't want to
hear about it cuz it's not my problem
yeah I mean it's if it's your 12 year
old son getting shot in a park in two
seconds flat
well that's your problem not my problem
I still want to hear about it makes me
uncomfortable
right if it's disproportionately African
Americans who were shot even though they
didn't have any weapons at all even if
though in some of the cases they're
complying with police and even though
statistically it's worse
I don't want to hear about it and
unfortunately that is true for a lot of
Americans well at least it was true on
the until Donald Trump came in and now
the whole country's hearing about it
because he was he bungled it so badly
that he's turned hundreds of millions of
Americans against them so but he can't
stop he's gonna double down further here
let's go to video one or in he's asked
about it today I think this is actually
literally his fifth time doubling down
so is this Quinn tippling down let's
watch well I wasn't preoccupied with the
NFL I was ashamed of what was taking
place because to me that was a very
important moment I don't think you can
disrespect our country our flag our
national anthem to me the NFL situation
is a very important situation I've heard
that before
about was I preoccupied not at all not
at all I have plenty of time on my hands
all I do is work I don't say I have
plenty of time on my tiny little hands
you're supposed to be focusing on Puerto
Rico you've got
stationed down there and he's like I got
plenty of time on my hands so I can go
around picking fights with the NFL oh
and all I do is work we see you golfing
every weekend we have TV cameras we can
see it we have eyes he's not done yet it
doesn't take me long to put out along
and maybe we'll get it right I think
it's a very important thing for the NFL
to not allow people to kneel during the
playing of our National Anthem to
respect our country and to respect our
flag the other dude there's like what am
I doing here why am I here please make
the pain stop anyway when the president
the leader of the government says that
people should be made to me or fired if
they kneel and should be forced to not
speak their minds we have a significant
constitutional issue if the teams on
their own decide to take action that's
private action when Trump does it it's
public action and we were supposed to
have freedom of speech in this country
he's basically saying if you exercise
your freedom of speech you should be
fired that's a massive problem it's
gotten so bad if I go to video three
here even Kilmeade might have turned on
him huh watch that with a president and
I understand his sentiment made things
so much worse and the language he used
was terrible when you have Robert Kraft
coming out against you you know you've
gone too far
Robert Kraft spends time in the Lincoln
Bedroom he's friends with President
Trump beyond their did their wealth and
their riches in their circles he made
things immeasurably worse by speaking
out and I know what his intention was
but the language used was it was just it
was galvanizing the wrong direction he
made things immeasurably worse even Fox
and Friends for saying that you've lost
kill me if you've lost Kraft you've lost
Jerry Jones what do you have left but
another one he puts out a tweet benefice
has all sorts of rules and regulations
the only way out for them is to set a
rule that you can't kneel during your
national anthem he is now saying as the
leader of the government you should not
allow it and it is your only way out he
has no idea what
in our constitution he doesn't know
anything about this country he doesn't
know about our principles all he cares
about is himself he's such a buffoon and
so when the NFL was asked about a Joe
Lockhart
that's NFL's excited a vice president of
communications and public affairs talked
about how everyone in the locker room
was united against Donald Trump's
comments and then he had this nice
little comment he said everyone should
know including the president this is
what real locker room talk is damn nice
little reference with Access Hollywood
tapes from the campaign shots fired and
friendly fire Trump is a disaster he's
not winning with this strategy in this
case quite literally helped us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
