so Donald Trump of course continues to
double down triple down I think we're on
quintuple down actually I think he went
it back at it for the fifth time today
on saying that the NFL must make its
players kneel or not kneel or they
should be fired now this is the
government basically saying if they're
going to exercise their freedom of
speech were there should be consequences
and punishment for it it that it's at a
minimum borderline unconstitutional it's
different if the owners do it they're
private entities one but when the
government is demanding that people be
fired it becomes a massive
constitutional issue let alone the fact
that these guys just like their cause is
not that controversial they want to end
police brutality are there people for
police brutality like you might disagree
about the severity of the issue but like
you're really that upset god I'd really
want police brutality keep going if only
they could shoot moron armed men oh and
particularly black men Oh
again you could disagree with it but
it's not an outrageous thing they're not
saying hey let's end all cops whatever
it's just the most simple thing in the
world can we look at you know
disproportionate police violence that
happens from time to time and look to
fix it so the police can serve our
entire community okay but there's a
terrific article by Travis Waldron from
HuffPost on whether the NFL is political
at all and because a lot of the guys
right now on the right wing are saying
including trouble yeah yeah get politics
out of football why these players bring
politics into it come on man I just want
to watch football here NFL doesn't have
anything to do with politics really so
let's go to Travis is a really great
article on this he says there is no such
thing as a pullet and as a politically
agnostic NFL and then I felt we know
today would not exist if there were
what's different today's who inside the
NFL is engaging in politics how they are
doing so and what they are demanding
well that's an interesting thesis what
does he mean by that how was that FL
political before well he explains in
1957 a full decade before the first
Super Bowl the NFL was still a fledgling
enterprise trying to muscle its way to
the front of the nation sporting
consciousness
when the US Supreme Court ruled that his
methods of negotiating television
broadcast rights violated antitrust laws
the NFL in response turned to Congress
at practice it would hone in years to
come and the league prevailed upon
lawmakers to pass the sports
broadcasting act of 1961 a law that
effectively invalidated the Court's
ruling by giving the NFL a limited
exemption from antitrust laws
so the NFL was literally in a lot of
ways especially on TV born of politics
if they hadn't gotten to Congress and
Lobby didn't gotten politicians on their
side they wouldn't have had the
broadcasting rights that they have in
fact it is in essence a quote government
sanctioned monopoly so a lot of the
sports leagues are and they are to
varying degrees with slight variances
and and you could make an argument that
they need to be given their unique
structure but you certainly need
politics to allow a monopoly like that
to exist so but there's more trap's
explains fantasy football and
unmistakable driver of that F ELLs
unrivaled popularity is legal today
primarily because the league
successfully lobbied Congress to exempt
the contest from federal laws that
banned online gambling politics number
two at a minimum more the NFL over the
last twenty years has also benefited
from nearly seven billion dollars in tax
subsidies that have helped its teams
build stadiums that enrich its already
wealthy owners so politics number three
that's a giant one so it's not funny
when it's politics that helps
billionaire owners way to do that
politics when it's largely African
American players now it has spread to
white players which is great by the way
I love that they're standing in unison
and asking for reform and just
supporting one another but what is
racist - and it started with only
African American players heywho players
politics is only for the owners okay but
there's more today as waldron explains
the league has its own political action
committee and has
political communication gurus and
strategists away from high-ranking
political positions if you got a pack
you might be a little political it is
literally called a political action
committee okay
then FL - he continues has allegedly
uses considerable power to steer money
away from certain federal government
sponsored studies into head trauma and
chronic traumatic and so I'm not good at
that CTE degenerative brain disease that
has been found in dozens of deceased
football players so now that one is
alleged but that would be number four of
political things the NFL does and that
no one complains about or not a lot of
people complain about certainly the
right wing doesn't okay
now getting to the point here that he
says today's most compelling political
voice in football are not wealthy white
owners in bad suits urging Congress and
staff state lawmakers to pass laws that
further fill their pockets they are
black men in football uniforms who are
demanding right there in front of God
and Jerry Jones and everyone that
football fans and Americans confront
racial and justices that persist outside
their sport but still affect them - let
me just have my first couple of
disagreements with him I think their
suits are way better than mine
they do have nice suits from time to
time and second of all last night even
Jerry Jones one of the most renowned
enormous ly wealthy owners and the NFL
owner of the Dallas Cowboys took a knee
with the rest of his players
I mean if Donald Trump meant to unite
people against Colin Kaepernick he could
not have failed harder he he united
everyone all the way up to billionaire
owners to do the same thing that Colin
Kaepernick is doing so look I think this
is a brilliant point by the writer here
to point out that no the NFL has always
been about politics the question is who
and and yes last year is Kaepernick and
some of the other players started this
they were alone and and Kaepernick is
still not in the league so that action
has not been taken and that's ridiculous
everybody in football knows he's one of
the top ninety-six quarterback
it's preposterous to claim otherwise so
he should be in the league and that
should be resolved immediately but in
the folks who are enraged that players
actually had the temerity to ask for
political justice on a really important
issue our dead wrong
but overall the tide partly thanks to
the miserable failings of Donald Trump
has begun to swing where people are
saying well yeah that's true that's true
it is freedom of speech and why can't
they actually make their point about
about police violence and or whatever
else they think is important so I love
that that it has got another direction
but it's important to know what the
reality is and how politics has been
involved all along and I'm gonna give
Travis Waldron here the last word he
says the players have not committed the
sin of introducing politics in the
football they're seen this to be black
men talking about politics when the NFL
wants them to shut up and entertain
again that was before Trump accidentally
turned almost the entirety of the NFL
against them and in favor of Colin
Kaepernick and the protests but for a
long time that effo was on the wrong
side of this and yes they too played
politics so apparently literally in this
case two can play at that game support
independent media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
