Steve Schmidt is a Republican consultant
he's worked on many campaigns including
John McCain's and boy he is furious
about Donald Trump's fails surrounding
the NFL now is you guys all know
Kaepernick took a knee he was protesting
police brutality and all the unarmed
black men in America being shot and just
overall better training for cops and and
more responsive to the community
I find that protest to be so on
controversial but but a lot of the NFL
owners did not agree and and you know
the rest of the story where Donald Trump
comes out in attacks and Alabama and
says that anyone who takes a knee they
should be fired and calls him son of a
bitch etc the whole NFL pretty much
hundreds of players and by the way
coaches and now NFL owners of taking a
knee and and joining in the protests in
response but nonetheless I was a little
surprised by Steve Schmidt's reaction
because it is so vociferous so this is a
Republican talking about this issue
watch to see him try to hijack this
symbol to wrap himself in it for the
purposes premeditatedly purposefully of
dividing the country is the most
disgusting thing I've seen in my
lifetime in my 47 years and what Donald
Trump is doing here is is is is as
terrible thing and maybe the most
terrible thing there's ever been done to
this country by president United States
despicable doesn't begin to describe so
I actually think that Trump's done worse
and and by the way anything Bush's does
worse in some ways that looked Iraq war
killed hundreds of thousands of innocent
civilians so but I love his anger and
his rage at him dividing us and that's
exactly what he's trying to do you know
and and here Schmidt is gonna get even
more specific listen so
handsome young man on TV an NFL player
you got a little bit jammed up when the
when the reporter asked them a question
is he a racist and ya want to say it so
let me say it I want to help him out
he's a racist okay you look at that
speech in Alabama to an all-white crowd
right we need to get real about this in
this country president United States
goes down there it talks about us and
those people he came for verbally as
close as you could possibly come to
shouting in a rally the n-word that's
what he did down there I know it you
know it Harold knows it we all know it
and and for the Republican Party and its
leaders but for every decent American
we're coming up on the line we're enough
s'en up with this what he's doing in the
country is tragic okay very strong words
which I really appreciate
but he's not alone you know a lot of
people are shaken by this again I think
Trump's own words I think Trump's done
way worse on the issue of race you know
there's a thousand things to go into
your birtherism obviously as a response
to Charlottesville let alone what he did
with the Central Park five five black
kids accused of rape and he wanted him
executed it turns out later that they
didn't do it even after he found out
they didn't do it he still said they
should stay in jail which is just
outrageous and there's no reason for it
other than race and here Schmidt's
pointing out look when you talk about us
versus them but not like a slip of the
tongue but you keep saying it over and
over again it we know which direction
you're going with this this is not coded
language this is obvious language and
then later in the show we're gonna have
a story for you guys and if you guys
don't know shows live every day 6 to 8
p.m. Eastern
check it out on you know tea white tea
network.com or youtube.com slash tyt and
Anna is gonna come later in the program
and and tell us about a focus group that
CNN did of Trump supporters and one of
them asking the question of wait why is
Trump criticizing black NFL player
way more harshly that he's criticizing
neo-nazis
he's very tepid after Charlotte's ville
but somebody thinks they need saying
don't do police brutality and he comes
out of guns blazing son of a bitch
should be fired and does it over and
over and over again so although there
have been worse issues I think what
resonate was C Schmitt and a lot of the
Trump voters here is that opposed a
giant part of America and they pay
attention to that and so when they saw
him do it so publicly about such a big
issue in their lives it becomes a little
harder to to turn your eyes and what and
I think that his issues with race became
more obvious to at least more people in
the country and and Steve Schmidt just
calling it out and and remember he's a
Republican strategist so what he's
trying to do there is not to do damage
the Republican Party in his own way of
thinking about it he's trying to rescue
the Republican Party he's like look we
get stuck with this brand that we're the
guys who are tepid about Nazis we're the
guys who are the racist that's gonna
destroy the Republican Party in the long
run and and I think he's trying to do
the right thing and separate Trump from
the rest of them but let's keep it real
you the Republicans had 17 choices in
the primary
they chose Trump and yes he hadn't made
the NFL comments yet but he'd made
plenty of those comments earlier he had
started birtherism they knew what they
were getting and so Steve Schmidt might
want to also look at it Republican
voters but meanwhile it is much
appreciated that he had the courage to
call it what it is watch the young turks
commercial free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway you like a TYT Network
comm slash join
