so you all know Golden State Warriors
won the NBA championship last year and
normally when you win the championship
in a sport you go to the White House and
celebrate well now you get down trouble
the White House and some people are a
little concerned about them
so Steph Curry now that their season is
beginning said I don't know why he feels
referring to Donald Trump the need to
target certain individuals rather than
others I have an idea of why but it's
kind of beneath the leader of a country
to go that route it's not what leaders
do now first of all that enough right is
enough right there for Donald Trump to
have his very thin skin pierced and have
him go ballistic but Steph Curry went a
little bit further he said on Friday at
the team's annual media day ahead of the
start of training camp curry said the
Warriors had not decided as a team
whether they would visit the White House
and they plan to talk about it at a
meeting but curry said that if it were
up to him he would not go so that's the
New York Times was reporting so now how
do you think that Trump is gonna react
to that don't worry he did tweet on it
it doesn't disappoint said go to the
White House is considered a great honor
for a championship team Steph Curry is
hesitating there for invitation is
withdrawn world's biggest goofball
anyway let me take my ball and go home I
you know I I know that I keep calling on
my third grader I really feel like I'm
being installed third graders this is
like this is what like a really bratty
snobby annoying third grader does Steve
Kerr's the coach of the championship
warriors and he said oh he was going to
break up with us before we could break
up with him okay then bob myers who's
the general manager for the Golden State
Warriors said we encourage our players
to speak their minds the Steph Curry
said we're not going to try to divide
and separate this country we're trying
to bring everyone together and speak
about love and togetherness and equality
so now he's panel trumps got the general
managers of
uh of basketball teams against them let
alone a football team school which are
now almost all united against him then
we go back to Steve Kerr for a
devastating line he says how about the
irony of free speech is fine if you're a
neo-nazi chanting hate slogans but free
speech is not allowed to kneel in
protest no matter how many times a
football player says I honor our
military but I'm protesting police
brutality and racial inequality it
doesn't matter
nationalists are saying you're
disrespecting our flag well you know
what else is disrespectful to our flag
racism and one's way worse than the
other as Steve Kerr if you don't follow
basketball is I is white he is the coach
the Warriors and he has gone to the
White House many times because he is a
champion through and through he was a
champion as a player he's a champion as
a coach and apparently champion as a
person saying look I fight inequality
wherever I see it as well so the
Warriors not going to the White House
and as usual Trump has made things worse
and now not only is he turned almost the
entire NFL against him then the NBA has
begun to turn against them in unison as
well that brings us to King James LeBron
James says about Trump quote you bum
Steph Curry already said he ain't going
so therefore ain't no invite go on a
White House was a great honor until you
showed up
damn shots fired
one more from LeBron James he says that
guy continues to try to divide us as
people and like I said on one of my
social media platforms a couple of days
ago the thing that kind of frustrated me
and pissed me off is a little bit is the
fact that he's now he's used sport he's
used sports platform to try to divide us
we have to figure out a way how we can
come together and be as great as we can
be as a people because the people run
this country not one individual and damn
sure not him all right so
congratulations Donald Trump now the NBA
hates you to help us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
