on Friday night Donald Trump was giving
a speech in Alabama no one knows why he
just likes to go to rallies and have
people cheer him and he decided he was
gonna take a swipe at NFL players and
boy did that start
a giant controversy which wound up
backfiring on Donald Trump in a
wonderful way I'm gonna explain all the
details for you guys but first let's
hear out Trump wouldn't you love to see
one of these NFL owners when somebody
disrespects our flag to say get that son
of a bitch off the field right now out
he's fired
all right so whole bunch of things
already from a small clip first of all
my favorite thing is when he walks
around the ring like he's arrested I
know right okay
and I know that his fans get into that -
I'm just amused at what a goofball he is
alright saleable then people say oh you
know he called him son of bitch
I don't care about that at all i okay he
use volume language I use it more girl
language I don't care but I do know that
it made other people defend those NFL
players singing II like Colin Kaepernick
and and the others I'm going to show you
so it was poor strategy if it was
intended to gain some degree of self
sympathy and by the way you know honesty
and seriousness the reason he was in
Alabama was a to rally for Luther
strange who is running in a Republican
primary that's Trump's candidate he's
running yes Steve Banias candidate Roy
Moore and and strangely losing so he'd
gone on the rally his base but when
you're rallying folks you were supposed
to do things that excites people and
gets them to vote for you by igniting
this controversy well look other
controversies have certain in the past
but it's it's possible that you're being
counterproductive but he doesn't think
those things through but he has in
essence there begun to attack the NFL
and start an issue where it becomes
First Amendment it wasn't a First
Amendment issue because the NFL's
private and they can do whatever they
want to their players but when you have
the government ie the President of the
United States telling people hey you
know what you should take action you
should fire those guys then it you know
it's the beginning of a First Amendment
issue where the government is pressuring
people to get fired if they say the
wrong things okay but he's got more you
know when the NFL ratings are down
massively
massively the NFL ratings are down
massively now the number one reason
happens to be that they like watching
what's happening on you know with your
story they like what's happening
unbearable man if he was making a
serious political point
he then ruins it by going how the
ratings are down because the only thing
that matters is rating because
everybody's watching me yeah this was
your trainwreck dude just like this
story alright keep it going this because
you know today if you hit too hard right
they hit too hard 15 yards throw him out
of the game they had that last week I
watched for a couple of minutes and two
guys just really beautiful tackle boom
15 yards the referee gets on television
his wife is sitting at home she's so
proud of him they're ruining the game
right they're ruining the game yeah I
you know recent study they studied the
brains of deceased NFL players 110 out
of 111 had significant brain damage
they're ruining the game we were having
fun with these gladiators suit you know
smash into each other and if they you
know hurt themselves even more that was
fun and their wife was proud of him
they're ruining the game but look more
importantly he's now gone from I don't
like Colin Kaepernick not standing for
the national anthem to attacking the
entire NFL bad idea jeans okay now
you're gonna get the whole NFL against
you and if you were trying to turn
tables on him that's usually you've turn
tables on yourself alright one more
you know what's hurting the game more
than that when people like yourselves
turn on television and you see those
people taking the knee when they're
playing our great national anthem
the only thing you could do better is if
you see it even if it's one player leave
the stadium I guarantee things will stop
things real top just pick up and leave
pick up on it a lot of the NFL owners
are billionaires they didn't they pretty
much banned Cafferty from the league
they don't say it outright but none of
them will sign him even though he's
clearly one of the top ninety-six
quarterbacks in the world of course the
water room should slide in him terrible
quarterbacks throughout the league and
they won't do it but what he Trump just
do he took those billionaires a lot of
them who had not only publicly said they
voted for him but had given him millions
of dollars and just told you to leave
their businesses to hurt their
businesses you're such an idiot
you took natural allies and turned them
into enemies that's all he ever does
day-in day-out and by the way he keeps
telling people you know that they should
take action if he doesn't agree with
their political point of view he stands
for he is the government he's the
president of the United States
you know he when asked who's his
favorite Supreme Court justice after he
first said Judge Judy he didn't but
almost Umbridge that he was thinking
about putting Judge Napolitano from Fox
News on on the bench anyway it wouldn't
press later he said Oh Antonin Scalia
anticipate justice well let's go to a
quote from Antonin Scalia obviously
deceased now but this is what he had
said about this issue he said if I were
king I would not allow people to go
around burning the American flag however
we have a First Amendment which says
that the right of free speech shall not
be abridged and it is addressed in a in
particular speech critical of the
government that was the main kind of
speech that tyrants would seek to
suppress so here we are go again
a tyrant trying to suppress speech that
he does not like now that was not well
enough so he decided that he's going to
tweet on the issue here comes Trump more
says if a player wants the privilege of
making millions of dollars in the NFL or
other leagues he or she should not be
allowed to disrespect our great American
flag or country and should stand for the
national anthem if not your
fired find some something else to do
again making it a First Amendment issue
when it previously was not before it was
about freedom of expression as a general
principle now it's getting to be the
government intimidating people into
taking action against people because
they did not like their political speech
that is exactly why we have the First
Amendment so the government cannot do
that so that tyrants cannot do that even
the most conservative people in the
country agree with that now Donald Trump
continues courageous Patriots have
fought and died for our great American
flag we must honor and respect it make
America great again he's just not
letting you go now this is now finally
Sunday morning so he started at Friday
night there's a lot of heat around it he
of course doubles down because that's
all he ever knows what to do right and
then he continues sports fans should
never condone players that do not stand
proud for their national anthem or their
country NFL should change policy again
trying to dictate terms to them so what
happens on Sunday after Trump makes all
those comments
well everybody starts sitting of course
so we have players from all over lists
are taking a look at the pictures here
immediately starts in the Jacksonville
Jaguars Baltimore Ravens game now let's
pause here for a second because that was
the first game played it was actually in
London that it was being played it was
the first in the schedule and that in
the owner is Shahid Khan in the middle
the owner of the team who gave a ton of
money to Donald Trump but now is
standing with his team and locking arms
in protest of Donald Trump and of the
national anthem they're locking arms
during the national anthem
he turned the owners that had given a
millions of dollars against him I told
you he is so stupid
all right let's keep going all right
then that's the Ravens on the opposite
side also taking a knee this thing's on
fire
that's the Jaguars locking arms but also
the Houston Texans the New England
Patriots we got more on Tom Brady later
in the show he was part of that as well
now that's the owner of the Philadelphia
Eagles also locking arms with his
players he's returning almost all the
owners against them the Giants on the
opposite side playing the Eagles all
locking alarms the Chiefs not only
locking arms but raising fists some of
them and by the way Travis Kelce the
most prominent white player now Brady as
well of course but Chelsea took a knee
for the Chiefs
that's the Los Angeles chargers taking
any the lines both locking arms and
taking a knee so it is part of the same
movement
the Falcons doing likewise in the same
game and now Rico Lavelle in that game
sings the national anthem takes a knee
and puts the fist stop so now it's
spreading to not just the players but
the people singing the anthem he's not
alone more on that later the Browns
likewise even the guys that are standing
locking arms oftentimes of the guys who
are kneeling Giants Bills Broncos Saints
sitting on the bench that's another form
of protest Panthers Buccaneers those are
DeSean Jackson and Mike Evans the two
best players for the Buccaneers doing it
more owners the Packers doing it Aaron
Rodgers is in there the Bengals doing it
the Redskins even Daniel Snyder locked
arms also another huge donor Donald
Trump Oakland Raiders Marshawn Lynch
started sitting on the bench a lot of
the raiders sitting on the bench there
then for the Seahawks Titans game
neither side shows up neither Seahawks
or the Titans show up for the national
anthem they're both in then the guys
singing the national anthem the woman
and they and the guy playing the guitar
they both take a knee while singing the
national anthem
so everybody's doing it in that game
more from the Bears and the Steelers are
the ones who started staying in the
locker room I have more on that story
later on the show they come out only
after the anthem is done the Jets
and by the way Ray Lewis who is a Hall
of Famer for the Baltimore Ravens in
that first game with the Ravens and the
Jaguars also took a knee and the reason
why that's interesting story and there
he is he's of course retired now is
because Ray Lewis was a supporter of or
at least had gone to see Donald Trump
let me read you two of the Jaguar to the
people from that game being the
statement Julius Thomas tie down for the
that used to be for the Jaguars now with
the Dolphins had said in a tweet quote
the
isn't the first time in this country
where men and women with oppressive
values tried to intimidate men and women
with great courage to accept inequality
I will take a knee with my teammates
until I see liberty and justice for all
so a great job by Thomas going further
and explaining his stance then Huff Post
explains future NFL Hall of Famer Ray
Lewis who visited then-president like
Trump in New York and December also
kneeled in the past though Lewis has
spoken against Kaepernick's protests now
the reason I tell you that part is
because look at this another a potential
ally who had said Kaepernick was wrong
now swayed by Trump so much that he goes
in joins Kaepernick and takes a knee
along with his former teammates on the
Ravens so it goes on and on now we go to
the Seahawks
the Steelers were the first to not show
up for the national anthem so and they
put out a statement that they will not
be doing that now one of their players
did come out is a former Army Ranger and
and salute the national anthem everybody
else stay in the locker room then
Seattle also stayed in the locker room
and in a later game and put out a
statement the Seahawks players announced
before the game at LP Field in Nashville
Tennessee that they would not be
participating the national anthem and
they clarified quote to protest the
injustice that has plagued people of
color in this country so they wanted to
make it clear this is not just for unity
with fellow teammates but it is to
actually protest injustice and racial
injustice as well now a to go now I want
to go to statements from higher-ups so
we go the CEO of the Green Bay Packers
Marc Murphy says it's unfortunate that
the president decided to use his immense
platform to make divisive and offensive
statements about our players and the NFL
we believe strongly that players are
leaders in our communities and positive
influences they have achieved their
positions through tremendous work and
dedication and should be celebrated for
their success and positive impact when
he went on to say also we believe that
it is important to support any of our
players who choose to peacefully express
themselves with the hope for good as
Americans
we are fortunate to be able to speak
openly and freely so nice job Donald
Trump there goes CEOs of football teams
and now finally to the owners Robert
Kraft a good ally of Donald Trump one
who gave him a Super Bowl ring recently
gave him I think about a million bucks
for his campaign and it went to his
inauguration even Kraft turns not only
did he lock arm with lock arms with his
players he said quote I am deeply
disappointed by the tone of the comments
made by the President on Friday I am
proud to be to associate with so many
players who make such tremendous
contributions in positively impacting
our communities our players are
intelligent thoughtful and cared deeply
about our community and I support their
right to peacefully affect social change
and raise awareness in a manner that
they feel is most important Thank You
Donald Trump
you gave Colin Kapernick and and all of
us who believed in him and the stand
that he was taking so much more allies
so many more allies so much more
momentum no one could have done for this
movement with Donald Trump did by
buffoonish Lee attacking those folks in
a way that turned almost everyone
against them now all of a sudden you've
got millionaires Trump supporters Trump
voters conservatives and as so many
other folks that are now turning around
and going yeah wait a minute that is
their free speech rights right and they
should be able to speak freely and wait
at some point they might even turn
around and go wait why is colin
kaepernick not in the league I think not
that all of these players hundreds of
players are taking the knee why on God's
green earth is Colin Kaepernick still
not in the league and my guess is that
probably gets solved soon because now
Trump is settled to debate by going on
the opposite side he's gotten almost the
entire country to at least understand
and appreciate what Kaepernick is doing
and finally the after seeing all this do
you think Donald Trump is going to
reverse position of course
he's gonna triple down so he then tweets
after the games great solidarity for our
national anthem and for our country
standing with locked arms is good
kneeling is not acceptable bad ratings
Oh
first of all locking their arms is
locking their arms against your what you
stood for they're saying they stand with
their teammates who are kneeling he
doesn't understand anything and then
what's his last line bad ratings don't
care no care about principles got you by
the way there's bad ratings because
everyone's leaving TV they don't have
subscriptions to cable anymore
so if there's nothing new with anything
else okay and he says the issue of
kneeling has nothing to do with race
it's about respect for our country flag
and national anthem
and I felt must respect this the only
way you could make it worse is to
involve the government more and make it
an actual freedom of speech issue and
now you have the president the leader of
the government is saying the NFL
must respect this when our he also
talked about firing people etc and Roger
Goodell says divisive comments like
these demonstrate an unfortunate lack of
respect for the NFL our great game and
all of our players and a failure to
understand the overwhelming force for
good our clubs and players represent in
our communities these of course NFL
Commissioner now this is Donald Trump
responding to Roger Goodell saying look
he has take his ideas and go with what
he wants I think it's very disrespectful
to our country I think it's very very
disrespectful to our flag in other words
meaning
I mean it's he shouldn't be fired or
anything he's a person into white person
and vision or Bauer so I I just kind of
disagree with him the other guy should
be fired though okay interesting
if you turn NFL Commissioner against you
when he was the guy that other folks are
blaming for keeping Kaepernick out of
the league and you screwed this up
royally last last thing it is spread to
other sports now you've got Bruce
Maxwell first player in the Major League
Baseball to take a knee during a
national anthem this just happened and
he put out a statement saying my hand
was over my heart because I love our
country and I've had plenty of family
members including my father that have
bled for this country his father served
in the Army for a long
time that continue to serve for this
country at the end of the day this is
the best country on the planet my hand
over my heart symbolize the fact that I
am and I will forever be an American
citizen and I'm more than grateful to be
here but my kneeling is what is getting
the attention because I'm kneeling for
the people that don't have a voice and
another Oakland A's teammate just said
online that he'll be joining Maxwell my
next game in taking in me that teammate
happens to be white so Donald Trump we
could not thank you enough you have
spread this protest to almost all the
players now two different sports and two
even billionaire owners of these teams
Kaepernick could not have done it better
we could not have done it better so
thank you for being so incompetent such
a buffoon and not understanding our
country what it stands for and the flag
because it rallied the rest of us to
fight for the true spirit of that flag
the true spirit of this country which is
to always as the constitution says
strive for a more perfect union to hold
our government accountable and if there
is racial injustice or injustice through
police or anything else we all fight to
make it better
that's why Kappa Nick took a knee in the
first place and that's why we all fight
for that principle thank you for giving
us all of these allies if you like this
clip of The Young Turks you know there's
a whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
