huge story about the NFL and and people
not standing for the anthem Donald
Trump's very angry thinks people should
be fired he started a firestorm about
that on Friday night that is raged
throughout the weekend now would you
like to know the real story of how we
wound up having people stand for the
national anthem in the NFL in the first
place now this story does not go back a
very long time in history it's not like
the players were standing for the
national anthem surround you did you
know that it's it's not like oh the NFL
that's always what happens the players
come out with you the national anthem
they stand and that's that is an
American tradition no it started very
recently we go to law news here that
explains this story before 2009 football
players standing for the national anthem
wasn't even a thing the team stayed in
the locker room until after and the home
of the brave' of course on Philanthropy
was it over and then ran onto the field
so what the Steelers did this weekend
and eventually the Seahawks and the
Titans was what every team did pre 2009
so this is a new thing so all that talk
of like y'all just this tradition of
American of your respect of America
didn't you this is when you come out of
the locker room and this is how you
stand and this is how you where you put
your hands yeah I know America is all
about
dictating how people should stand and
what body motions they should have and
and where they should be etc so it turns
out it's all a myth so why did it start
later anyway mmm is the really
interesting part turns out that from
2011 to 2014 the Department of Defense
spent five point four million dollars in
contracts with 14 NFL teams for flag
ceremonies the National Guard got in on
the action too and gave six point seven
million dollars to the NFL for the same
kind of thing from 2013 to 2015 this is
what is otherwise known as paid
propaganda now look I'm sure had good
intentions when they did it their
intention is well we'd like more people
to sign over the National Guard from the
Department of Defense
we need more recruits to volunteer army
so let's pay some for some marketing if
you wanting a positive spin on it
propaganda if you want to take a
negative spin on it and
make it a new tradition that we all
salute the flag and do the national
anthem and make sure the players are on
the field and and everybody's paying
heed to our soldiers and then if you
remember of course when Kaepernick took
a knee and had nothing new with the
military he said it was because of the
racial injustice that the police
unfortunately we're doing throughout the
country but people immediately spotted
us oh you must hate the veterans you
might must hate the military well all
this started in the first place because
the military apparently was paying for
this propaganda and yes I do take a
negative spin on it because this is not
what we should spend taxpayer dollars
for if your patriotic wonderful but I
don't want the Defense Department
spending our dollars to try to make
other people patriotic so they sign up
for Wars and and and serve the
Pentagon's purposes so more details on
this the Senate Oversight Committee said
unfortunately and they've messy ated
this they said unfortunately contrary to
the public statements made by the
Department of Defense and the NFL the
majority of the contracts 72 of them 122
contracts we analyzed clearly show that
the Department of Defense paid for
patriotic tributes at professional
football baseball basketball hockey and
soccer games these paid tributes
included an on the field
color guard enlistment and realist myths
ceremonies performances of the national
anthem full field flag details
ceremonial first pitches and puck drops
so look the national anthem happened in
the games before but like we said the
players were in the locker room at the
time you would of course have a first
pitch and you drop the puck anyway but
they wrapped all of it in the flag it
was all an effort to recruit more people
to sign up for the military so this was
propaganda from the beginning and had
nothing to do with American tradition in
fact it's not just me saying that back
in 2015
Republican Senator John McCain called
this quote paid patriotism he went on to
say that they sure odds conducted not
out of a sense of patriotism but rather
done for profit in the form of millions
in taxpayer dollars going from the
Department of Defense to wealthy
sports franchises and he came out
strongly against it and that is how all
this began in the first place no the
reality no the truth and that right
there is what this is actually about if
you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
