huge protests over the weekend about the
national anthem Donald Trump said that
anyone who took a knee should be fired
well the Steelers decided they were
gonna act in unison and not come out for
the national anthem at all Mike Tomlin
their coach put out a statement ahead of
time he says we're football players were
football coaches we're not participating
in the anthem today not to be
disrespectful to the anthem but to
remove ourselves from the circumstance
people shouldn't have to choose if a guy
wants to go about his normal business
and participating in the anthem he
shouldn't have to be forced to choose
sides if a guy feels the need to do
something he shouldn't be separated from
his teammate who chooses not to so we're
not participating today so they were the
first team to not go out for the anthem
at all which makes me incredibly proud
because I'm a Steelers fan and the
Steelers have a history of being a most
progressive organization and not just
football but in all of sports their
owner want him in a poker game I'm not
getting you one there enough money this
was of course a long time ago and he was
always with his own players and in fact
when the players went on strike he drove
the other owners crazy by going out on
the picket line and bringing the owner
of bringing the players beers and they
drink together on the picket line that
was the owner of the Steelers the Rudi's
have a tremendous history of
progressivism and the other in fact have
a rule named the Rooney rule in the NFL
because they demanded that an
african-american at least be interviewed
not pink but interviewed for the job of
head coach any time you're interviewing
for a head coach in the NFL that's
called a Rooney Rule and and now again
they're leading the way here look some
saying it's a half measure it's not good
enough I hear you but look let people
express themselves in in every way that
they feel comfortable with because at
the end of the day yes I completely
agree with and have always supported
Colin Kaepernick's taking a knee and a
stand for racial justice and and that
and pointing out that that is a huge
issue in this country needs to be
addressed and using that platform for it
but I'm also in favor of expressing
speech in any way
that you think is right so if I if we
don't want people judging Kaepernick for
it certainly don't judge the Steelers if
you're on either side of this issue I
actually think it took great courage to
be the first thing to do that Tennessee
and Seattle later in the day also did
not come out of the locker room and of
course these protests spread throughout
the NFL but I want to point out one
other guy from the Steelers who actually
did come out he was the only guy to come
out and he's a former Army Ranger let's
show you what happened here this is left
tackle Alejandro Villanueva and and he
served in the Army for all those years
he came out and did they have him
anywhere
now some folks are getting on him saying
well he broke ranks with all of his
other teammates and he and he ruined
unity no but guys it's also the argument
that was used against Kaepernick in some
ways let people express themselves
however they feel comfortable it's also
his freedom of speech so I don't mind
him doing that the issue has gotten
great attention now thanks to Kaepernick
and thanks to Donald Trump unwittingly
so on his part so bless his heart for
doing that both Kaepernick and villain
of villainy you know I know I should
have tried it a second time and and
obviously he has unquestioned patriotism
and I think both do one last thing and
then people said oh yeah but did you
know that the Steelers were booed when
they finally came out as true let's
watch
yeah that is breaking news indeed when
the opposing team comes out of locker
room turns out they get booed of course
they were playing in Chicago you know
the Chicago players also did the protest
they weren't in the locker room but they
did the protest on the field people have
no idea what they're talking about in
sports all right
god bless the Steelers progressive
champions as always qit membership gets
you commercial free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /
join
