sad story about John McCain you all know
he's got cancer now he went on 60
minutes
talked to Lesley Stahl and he led us in
on how bad it is and it turns out it's
pretty bad let's show you that it's very
serious that the prognosis is very very
serious
some say 3% some say 14% you know it's
it's it's a very poor prognosis so I
just said I understand now we're gonna
do what we can get the best doctors we
can find and do the best we can and at
the same time celebrate with gratitude a
life well-lived now throughout the years
I've had a lot of disagreements John
McCain I've also also from time to time
have had some agreements with him not
only recently on his vote on health care
but he was actually the very last
Republican I ever voted for in the 2000
primaries I voted for John McCain over
George W Bush and then in the general
election I voted for Al Gore first
Democrat I have a voted for because I
watch the debates and I thought one
guy's way way smarter than the other guy
and and there's an important decision
but in the primaries I'd voted for
McCain and since then there's you know
his stance on war I just think it's
deplorable but having said that you
watch that video man if you're human
it's hard not to have great sympathy
empathy for him his family and and boy
if if this is indeed his last tour do
duty he is taking it like a champ
and I couldn't imagine handling it any
better that's amazing so now of course
it we're still in the field of politics
so he is gonna get asked about Donald
Trump let's watch that did he ever
apologize for saying you're not a hero
no
I also understand that we're very
different people different upbringing
different life experiences what do you
mean by that and what what does it make
you think about he is in the business of
making money and he has been successful
both on television as well as Miss
America and others I raised in a
military family I was raised in the
concept and belief that duty honor
country is the is the lodestar for the
behavior that we have to exhibit every
single day
those are nice shots of Trump I was
raised to believe in duty honor etc
country and he you know he's a
businessman that did the Miss USA
pageant or something he didn't put it as
maybe spitefully as I might have or with
more salt in the wounds but that was
shots fired and it was it was nicely
done now they also asked him about hey
you know what do you make of his
statements in regards to all these
different political matters at hand
today and he said quote he changes the
statements almost on a daily basis so
for me to spend my time trying to
analyze what he says yeah I don't know
in other words he is as we have told you
over and over and now there's a
Republican senator saying it a
pathological liar now he didn't say that
exact quote I just read you his quote
and you can see exactly the direction
that he's going in changes his
statements on a daily basis
he has no principles he has no actual
ideology Trump all he has is political
expedience and what's good for Donald
Trump and so now freed from the donors
freed from the daily pressure of
politics John McCain speaking truth to
power there and it says by the way he
was also very very gracious saying look
he's the President of the United States
and I believe in our democracy and the
American people chose him so that's that
and so I don't begrudge that that's how
this system works you just say
you know he doesn't believe him and and
thinks that you know he's structured a
little differently than John McCain but
he is the president and of course that's
true
now this would be a normal way for
almost anybody on the political spectrum
to handle John McCain in that interview
and what's obviously a very sad moment
here as as he believes that he has very
little chance of recovery but that's not
how some Republicans are gonna handle it
so we're told from time to time that
progressives are on civil all right so
let's go to an actual example of lack of
civility that's Louie Gohmert he's gonna
go on Fox and Friends and say something
wild and outrageous do you know nothing
inhibits recovery from cancer like
stress
I think the Arizona could help him and
us recall him let him you know fight
successfully this terrible cancer and
let's get somebody in here we'll keep
the word he gave last year wait did you
say he should resign or step down and
take care of himself or did you say that
Arizona should recall him like remove
him from office did I hear that right
even Steve Doocy shared my surprise that
that here Watch say that again what are
you suggesting he be rethinking what
yeah I think it would be very healthy
because yes and the country he's got
cancer it's a tough battle but stress is
a real inhibitor toward getting over
cancer so letting go back deal with the
cancer let Arizona recall him so that we
can get somebody that will keep his word
for from last year wow what an
unbelievable prick he's saying the very
last thing that should happen to john
mccain is to have the voters of arizona
disgrace him by recalling him from
office and it's not because all option
the you know and i want him to get
better no he said it would help him and
us and he said put someone in office who
would keep his promise from last year me
no I want him recalled because he voted
the wrong way on health care he's having
health care issues I obviously as you
could tell here don't care about that at
all and and I also don't care about your
health care and I hope that you know as
louie gohmert voted in the House this
strip away health care from tens of
millions of Americans approximately 23
million Americans or so and and saying
hey and if John McCain's not gonna take
away other people's health care Arizona
should recall him Wow he did everything
but say good riddance
okay well now you know where Louie
Gohmert and some faction of the
right-wing Republican Party stance help
us build independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm slash join
