James Comey was giving a speech or
attempting to give a speech at Howard
University and there were student
protesters who didn't want to have
anything to do with it in fact they want
to do everything to stop it
take a look
and I love the enthusiasm of the young
folks I just wish they would understand
what a conversation is a conversation is
where you speak and I listen and then I
speak and you listen and we go back and
forth back and forth he did manage to
finish his speech and keep in mind that
he has been appointed by Howard
University to serve as the chair in
public policy for the 2017-2018 academic
year and so this raises the same
question the same issue that's been
coming up quite a bit lately on college
campuses the issue of free speech and in
this case you know he managed to finish
his speech but you know the students
were being very persistent in
interrupting him and trying to prevent
him from doing so you know I was a
little surprised this story because I
don't know which there way they're gonna
go on KO me because commis such a
complicated character yeah so yes he
might have cost the Democrats the
election as we've talked about many
times and as well as many other factors
including Hillary Clinton but but at the
same time he was pursuing Donald Trump
and it was fired for it or at least had
begun to pursue Donald Trump so I guess
I was slightly surprised that they were
they had this reaction although you
can't beat the the chant of get out
James Comey you're not our home you
cannot the chant the chant you know how
I feel about chanting that's a great
yeah who's notoriously anti chanting
approves of that chance I might have
chanted that it's really complicated
because they have a right to protest the
speech but once the guy's giving a
speech should let him give the speech
you know and yeah I don't think that
part's that complicated actually so yeah
I was I didn't know which way they were
gonna go on KO me politically but once
you disagree with him which is a
perfectly fair thing to do super super
fair I just I think that the way they
did I think it was Notre Dame students
handled Mike Pence was better where they
made it clear that they were opposed to
him and they got up and some walked out
and I suppose I turn li turned their
backs on him so that allowed him to make
his speech but made a political point
now right-wingers get hurt no matter
what they think that they have a right
to speak and everyone must love what
they say that's just not how it works
but especially on a college campus I
think everybody should be allowed to
speak and so pence got to finish the
speech now Comey did it anyway he
soldiered on but I wouldn't have tried
to like and another thing I think they
did it with pencil not positive but the
chin in the beginning give it a couple
of minutes you make your point you want
to turn around you want to walk out you
and all those things what a great you
want to boo them afterwards you know or
something but but yeah but after the
first couple of minutes and you've done
a bunch and then let the guys speak
that's my take on it no I think it's the
right take I mean it's important and
there is supposed to and college
campuses are supposed to be you know the
idea that there should be a free
exchange of ideas is important and at
college campuses it's not really a First
Amendment issue nobody's getting
arrested nobody's going to prison the
government's not stopping anybody from
speaking but cuz the free exchange of
ideas I think a college is so as
important yeah and the notion that that
that there are some on the left to who
are opposed to that or bothers me no
question that it bothers me so there are
those on the left and the right who are
opposed to that and there there was a
pretty devastating study done by the
Brookings Institution in regard to free
speech on college campuses and how
students feel about it and this is so
discouraging because it's worse than I
thought okay the number of students who
actually don't care that much about free
speech based on the results of the study
concerns me because a college campus is
supposed to be a free marketplace of
ideas and it is a slippery slope
I hate slippery slope arguments but if
you start censoring speakers or or
banning speakers first of all no
political party or political group
should dictate what all the students get
to hear on that campus right so if
you're a liberal student and you hate
these conservative speakers I hear you
but
everyone on campus is liberal and
conservatives you know should have the
right to hear from people that they're
interested in hearing from as well and
vice versa right so let me give you the
details of this survey because it's just
it's devastating so a student group a
pote so they asked a bunch of questions
here's one of the questions that
Brookings Institution asked a student
group opposed to the speaker disrupts
the speech by loudly and repeatedly
shouting so that the audience cannot
hear the speaker do you agree or
disagree that the student groups actions
are acceptable well here is a graph
showing you the number of people who
agree so 51% of these students surveyed
said that they agree okay the majority
not small but yours okay to drown them
out it's okay to drown them out and not
allow the audience to hear this person's
speech or message it's the pressing way
that is depressingly high now let's go
back among students who identify as
Democrats the amount is 62% who think
that this is okay among Republicans its
39% independents 45% when it comes to
females 47% males surprisingly 57% so
males are more likely than females to
think that this type of behavior is
acceptable so let's go to the next
question before we do let's just note
that come on
Democrats you're supposed to be better
than that so the the right wing is more
authoritarian and and usually
authoritarian leads to shutting down
opposition speech progressive is
supposed to be more open-minded and I
get it there's a lot of pent-up
frustration about the right wing
steamrolling progressives not
necessarily progresses was certainly a
Democratic Party over the last couple of
decades but this is not the right way to
fight back and look shutting down other
people's opinions is always in some way
an admission of defeat yep and you
should never admit that
so when fundamentalist use violence to
strike out against others so let's say a
fundamentalist Muslim or wants to kill
someone because they've insulted his
religion that just means he doesn't
think he's right and he can't debate
with you so he's resorting to violence
rather than ideas but shouting people
down so they're not allowed to speak is
it needless it may
like that you're almost not afraid of
those ideas but you don't even want to
allow it it's just totally unnecessary
just let them speak they're deeply
unpopular opinions they're not gonna get
any traction and you will easily defeat
them in the battlefield of ideas that's
what progressivism is if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
