they're an internal investigation
executives at Facebook found that there
were as many as 470 Russia linked
accounts that had bought 3,000 Facebook
ads in order to have some influence over
this past election
most of these ads were Pro Trump
anti-hillary and now Facebook has
decided to participate in investigations
they have turned over this data to
Robert Fuller as he continues his
investigation on Russian collusion and
it's interesting because I think that
they are now participating in this
investigation and cooperating with
Congress with all the data that they are
requesting because Congress is now
thinking about passing regulations
pertaining to social media and political
ads on social media now keep in mind
that when it comes to television the FEC
gets involved and they ensure that these
political ads clearly state who the
person or people behind them are so they
have to clearly state who the sponsor is
for those ads that is not true of social
media and political ads on those
platforms and so now politicians are
thinking primarily Democratic
politicians are thinking about drafting
legislation that would make that
mandatory among other regulations well I
don't understand Anna I was told by
somebody who says no evidence that
Russia meddled there's no evidence well
whoops turns out there is evidence yeah
solution meddling it I mean it is it is
not an issue it is so obvious in the the
hesitancy of some on the left to just
fully embrace the obvious nosov Russian
we they do it all the time and they were
born to dare you right and so yes you
want a world war three with Russia right
that's right I want a war this is just
like the people who say that this is
just that that this is a Red Scare it's
just like the McCarthy hearings have not
read two sentences about the McCarthy
hearings so yeah what they I don't know
what evidence there's the Trump knew
about it or orchestrated it I have no
idea that that that may never be
anything but
they definitely tried to influence the
election and it would appear succeed
right and so I I think people get very
uncomfortable once you start talking
about
they succeeded they want to influence
the election they succeeded because you
know to blame all of it on Russia I
think you know just rubs people the
wrong way there were a number of factors
that led to this unfortunate outcome of
the election right don't you settle that
for once and for all so believe me it's
not gonna settle if I know once I say it
it'll be done okay okay because guys you
both the two different camps are driving
me crazy
so did rush of swing the election it's
was 78,000 votes and three different
states 39,000 going in the opposite
direction results in a different
president so almost everything swung the
election the weather swung the election
the Russians did Facebook did you know
in not putting Bernie on the ticket
they're now putting Brooke at the top of
the digger did every single thing
mattered but on the other hand it
doesn't mean it's the only thing that
mattered right so both sides who were
seeing is some weird black and white
things no none of it mattered none of it
mattered don't be ridiculous
on the other hand two people like that's
notice since watch it mattered it's the
only thing that mattered no she also ran
a terrible campaign that mattered more
but this this clearly also mattered sure
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh will say that that's
unquestionably true we've discussed that
and agreed from the start on that
there's no doubt however one of those
things is really not likely up to of
those things mm-hmm
Comey and the Russians the other things
are politics right I mean it's true that
she ran she even though when she the
things that she did well in the campaign
she didn't get credit for because it was
her because the whatever that's politics
right that was picking the wrong
candidate at the wrong time I think
their each spider qualifications so
Bernie those are all that's politics man
the guy ran against her did he support
her enough I don't know seem to support
her a lot to you a most of more of
Birdy's voters voted for her than
Hillary's voters voted for Obama and o8
that's a done that's an incontrovertible
fact right so that's what happens
sometimes the losing candidates voters
ever vote for the person at the top
ticket because their best so those but
those things are politics the world's
other great power putting its resources
into choosing one person over another
and tricking us into thinking they
weren't doing it doing it suddenly and
the involvement of Comey at twelve date
ten days before the elections those were
very strange abnormal factors so it's
okay with me if we focus on those a
little bit more but that said the notion
that those are the only things that's
wrong in the election that was
determined by 30s swing at 39,000 votes
undoubtedly all those things that but
let me just say real quick though look
but there's going to be curveballs an
election you need the candidate get past
those curveballs that's right I would
put Comey in the curveball category
Russia's in a slightly different
category because that's a different
state influencing our elections I know
that we as America have done that
countless times abroad as well we
shouldn't do it Russia shouldn't do it
but since it's our country and it's our
democracy if they're meddling with there
should be consequences
no not war right but but at the same
time for our government to go oh you
helped to swing our election by
illegally spending money in our
elections and and clearly supporting one
candidate over the other whatever I'm
going to real quick I may be I'm the bad
guy because I don't really care too much
about consequences for Russia first of
all i 100% do not want to go to war with
russia no but no one wants to go to war
with russia and anyone who says like oh
they're just like fear-mongering to get
to head in that direction you're wrong
that's not what's happening but what i
care about more than anything is what
are we gonna do as a country to prevent
it in the future right we're gonna do
sanctions with russia fine whatever
again maybe i'm the bad guy but i don't
really care i came i care way more about
finding where our weaknesses are and
preventing it from happening again in
the future right because social media is
still relatively new and it is a
regulated and so now there's talk about
regulation and I think that you know
that starts entering some scary
territory but obviously something needs
to be done and I don't care if it's you
know something that's positively
impacting Democrats and negatively
impacting Republicans I still don't
think it's right you don't want a
foreign country to have any influence or
any say over our election or politics
it's Russia its Putin it was sinister
like he felt like it's not like the
French were like I want this election to
be the fairest one America has how do we
do that it wasn't Canada being like what
can we do to help right you know how can
we exert so it was the various so so so
but banana-bot screw you and you're
looking to the future that's
inappropriate okay so real quick I can I
say that before yes sir so I agree that
a totally that's obviously how we should
be approaching this sanction I don't
care I don't know that what we do with
Russia is a more consequential question
for later it's not war and it's not
messing with their election right right
but to your Cromie was a curveball it's
more than a curveball it's like they
threw a fastball and they threw it from
40 feet like it was a it that kind of
thing never happens that close right
it just doesn't weave yes it was
technically because he was part of the
government and there was an
investigation you could make an argument
that is a curveball but it really wasn't
a curveball the Russians were the
umpires were robots and they they were
like no matter what the pitch was it was
a strike you know yeah that's yeah and
that's much worse so okay so lastly on
this is to just further support what
Anna's saying look some regulations
around the internet you know government
meddling and they're by the way big-time
supported by TV who hates the internet
and views it as competition they're
ecstatic about the story they're like
yes regulate Facebook and the others I'm
a little worried about that could you do
some stuff around the edges like
Facebook is higher to 250 people to
track this that's good
they've kicked out the four hundred
seventy fake Russian accounts that's
good by the way they were almost all
from what we can see in the press so far
pro-trump so if you followed being
patriotic
borders or all these other things and
you thought you were being patriotic you
were actually getting used as a tool of
our enemies so nice job right-wingers
you are as stupid as you look
okay and now so some regulations around
the edges okay that's fine
but the main thing that our government
has to do is to make sure they cannot
hack the vote because they did try in
this election that's a way bigger story
they try to infiltrate voter databases
and they did they didn't have the vote
as far as we know but they infiltrated
the voter databases in several states 30
in the 30s right yes and if they and if
they're close to doing that last time
around they're gonna you only get better
next time around and for now for Trump
administration who claims that they care
about voter fraud but then it's doing
nothing about Russia possibly angry
hacking into our voter files and doing
mass voter fraud to steal elections that
is unconscionable so I know but why
would he change think about it why would
he he's already this insecure little guy
like that's the way I see him he's
incredibly insecure which is why he's
constantly talking about crowd sizes
constantly talking about how popular he
is and how much everyone loves him he's
insecure so in his eyes acknowledging
Russian involvement D legitimizes this
past election and he's so insecure about
that he's not gonna do anything about
Russia no I know but so and by the way
since they're supporting him he thinks
well maybe they'll help steal the next
election for me so this guy is not on
our side and so two things that are
absolutely clear from that when Donald
Trump talks about voter fraud
he's a total fraud complete liar all it
is is to make sure people who are more
likely to be democratic like
african-american voters students etc
cannot vote they don't care about voter
fraud at all if they did they'd be going
ballistic to make sure the Russians are
not hacking our elections and then
finally Trump tweeted the Russia hoax
continues now it's on Facebook what
about the totally biased and dishonest
media coverage in favor of crooked
Hillary in other words the guy that who
attacks everyone bullies everyone
Democrats Republicans the
the one guy he won't touch is Vladimir
Putin you think that's a coincidence and
when there is evidence that the Russians
did meddle in our folks it's a hoax
whatever you do don't say Boonton don't
say anything about you think he's not
involved look we need a smoking gun
I hope Muller finds it but this guy
thinks the Russians did it and can't
wait to cover it up the only people who
can't see that are the ones that are
just absolutely blinded by partisanship
support independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
