tensions between the United States and
North Korea are ramping up considering
Donald Trump's UN speech where he had
some pretty harsh words for North Korea
and its missiles tests now we're gonna
show you a little clip from his speech
and then Kim Jong Un's response to it
take a look now North Korea's reckless
pursuit of nuclear weapons and ballistic
missiles threatens the entire world with
unthinkable loss of human life it is an
outrage that some nations would not only
trade with such a regime but would arm
supply and financially support a country
that imperils the world with nuclear
conflict the United States has great
strength and patience but if it is
forced to defend itself or its allies we
will have no choice but to totally
destroy North Korea Rocketman is on a
suicide mission for himself and for his
regime the United States is ready
willing and able but hopefully this will
not be necessary okay it's always
incredibly jarring for him to go from
totally destroyed North Korea and
immediately follow it with rocket man
like it's just it's but no I gotta jump
in on that too so actually the first
part of that was fine he was saying what
are you guys doing trading with North
Korea when they endanger all these
people I actually totally agree with
that I think it's incumbent upon us to
pressure China and and I think they're
endangering the world but with their
relationship with North Korea so some of
that tough talk is necessary but he
can't help himself he has to a take it
over the top with we will totally
destroy you
it says so unhelpful and I and I'm
coming at it from a person who believes
in tough talk but but that's not
productive that's counterproductive for
reasons that we're gonna explain and
then when you say Rocketman no one I
can't ever think of rocket man without
thing he Rock a man
right you sound like an idiot you sound
like a goofy kid and you destroyed any
kind of gravitas you had there with your
tough dog by going Rocca man right
exactly and so all right so that speech
happened and following Trump's speech he
did put some action behind his words
meaning that he did target some of those
countries China primarily that do trade
with North Korea and so Trump signed an
executive order expanding the authority
of the United States and the Treasury
Department to target individuals banks
and other companies that finance or
facilitate trade with North Korea so he
essentially beefed up the sanctions that
the UN had passed earlier now maybe you
could start by not having the Trump
corporation make all the clothes in
China that might be one who that's a
great point but again it when it's just
sanctions and it is meant to put
pressure on the regime I agree with that
move that's that's not necessarily a bad
move at all it's gonna get worse but
that so if you just left well enough
alone the tough talk and the end the
sanctions and a lot of actions is not
it's not necessarily bad think it might
be a good thing because they do need
pressure it's not the first time we've
talked tough on North Korea here we said
we might wipe them off the face of the
earth that's a little different yes the
difference and and that has
unfortunately escalated the situation
even further and now for the first time
Kim jong-un has released a statement in
the first person I know that that
doesn't sound like a big deal to people
in the United States but for North Korea
this is unprecedented that usually the
dictator doesn't do that and so Kim
condemned Trump's threat to totally
destroy North Korea if the United States
is forced to defend itself and he
declared that it had quote convinced me
rather than frightening or stopping me
that the path I chose is correct and
that it is the one I have to follow to
the last in a statement written in the
first person Kim also called Trump a
mentally deranged US daughter'd
oh hi Charlie thank nodes daughter'd
don't ya dotard who had denied the
existence of and insulted me and my
country in front of the eyes of the
world so he's even more enraged about
this and there's an interesting twist
because now North Korea sees itself as
defending itself rather than being the
aggressor right we managed to turn them
a little bit into the victims exactly
yeah so this according to every expert
on North Korea is totally unprecedented
and sorry and this is very serious but
and and the reason is it's one thing for
the official state agency which is what
they do all the time to do over-the-top
statement so we'll destroy you will have
sex with their grandmothers and yeah
whatever right we're gonna take over and
they do that kind of nonsense all the
time and and by the way in a minute
we'll get to hilarious put-downs of
other US officials that they've done in
the past and don't think we're just
gonna go past dotard we're gonna explain
what that is and how awesome that is but
okay but they never have their leader
actually make the statement because
their leader leader is seen as a deity
so they look at him as almost a god in
North Korea so his father and his
grandfather for all of their
belligerents never made a personal
statement like this Kim jong-un had
never made a personal statement like
this for him to go on and say no no now
it's on and I'm never gonna back down
puts them in a corner where he can't
possibly back down because then it's
like God backing down and praying and
it's so oh no this is now gone to an
another level that is way worse like
DEFCON doin if you will and so look I
every once in a while when I see the
different insults that are going back
and forth maniac nutjob dotard obviously
a madman
and all these don't ever mentally
deranged I can't tell which one is Trump
and which one is James have you switched
the quotes and just said who said this
about the other it would you'd be 50/50
on every each one yeah and so if you had
a if you had a the North Korean leader
saying outrageous and saying things
nobody's surprised by that when you have
the u.s. leader saying the same things
oh no that's different and terrible so
now they're talking about trying to
prove that they could launch a nuke on
an ICBM so a long-range missile with a
new gunner because they've done six
different nuclear tests they're all
underground which is where you're
supposed to do them first of all don't
do that but if you do if you do this
most mana ground to contain the
radiation there's been no above-ground
nuclear test anywhere in the world for
the last 37 years the last time it
happened was in China in 1980 and they
tested it in the middle of the desert
and and it was and people were so
outraged it hasn't happened since and
now all of a sudden North Korea is
saying yes we might do one in the
atmosphere and we might try to put it on
a long-range missile now remember they
already fired a long-range missile over
Japan and they've shown some competence
here which is surprised me to over Japan
yeah and so but there's still North
Korea imagine if they screw up a
long-range missile test with a nuke on
it and it falls short and it falls short
in Japan or South Korea or God knows
where then nuclear war so we boxed them
into a corner in a way that was
thoughtless it would have done it in a
sophisticated way and this is why when
Bush and Trump say they don't do nuance
it's a terrible idea
it's basically saying I am stupid and I
see the world in a way that is black and
white and when you do that you set
everyone up for disaster it's also and
and it's also why the way Obama handled
North Korea was far better yeah we
didn't solve the problem neither as
anyone else but it was contained we were
never at this point and it's also why
unbelievably the Republicans managed to
like the guy substantially less
qualified for this job than george w
bush because there's little nuance as he
did for the most part the people
negotiating with North Korea took it
relatively seriously right we actually
the diplomatic corps did not completely
crumble they didn't appoint the head of
the Secretary of State wasn't they had
axon mobile a guy who has no interest in
this job yeah and so one of the other
things we keep saying is oh you know
they can't fire a long-range missile
with nukes on it thereby goading them to
try yeah don't do that it's a really bad
idea
and so that's exactly one maniac eager
perp
perhaps avoid nuclear war two maniacs on
opposing sides
that's a again a recipe for disaster and
and then Kim jong-un said about Trump
quote a frightened dog barks louder okay
and you know Trump I look at Kim jong-un
said that about Trump there was a
perfect example I didn't the Trump could
have said that about Kim Jong yeah it's
only we could play that game all day
long and look we need when he would say
things like that about Obama
oh okay or whatever North Korea I don't
care right in fact you know what he
called Obama he called him a monkey and
I was like yeah okay whatever
I'm not going to nuclear war because you
hurt my feelings hey but Trump is not
that guy
Trump's like what do you say about me oh
yeah totally just throw your wipe off
the map and he's like oh okay
well all right let's get it on this is
just we're in a strange position where
we're really praying that nikki Haley
saves the day oh or Rex Tillerson oh my
god well it would be it would be of
those two it would be nikki Haley yes
all right so dotard what does it mean a
state or period of senile decay marked
by decline of mental poise and alertness
yes I guess it's it's a it's a crazy old
person yeah but I I did you know it was
a word know I didn't know I didn't know
was either thought it was and I thought
it was I'm
sorry that it's not pronounced dotard
because it might that having it enter
the lexicon might have finally killed
the other word that ends ta Rd like you
know anybody would have finally let that
go as well they should and then we could
just use yeah unfortunately specifically
about older people could you use the
example that was yes okay so New York
Times went back in their archives to see
how many times it had been used since
1980 and it's only ten times out of all
articles I've ever written since 1980
and one of them said it was a tale of a
dotard husband cuckolded by his young
wife of Esquire who's unquestionably
worth following on Twitter he used it
about Trump in May he called he called
they wrote about Trump they called him a
dotard uh-huh yeah okay
so it's a Kim jong-un reads a Jess
quarter so now I'm gonna give more
put-downs by the North Koreans of our
different leaders and you like some
people like daughter right okay now some
of course are outrageous and terrible
like calling Obama a monkey they called
Hillary Clinton say they said she looks
like a primary school girl sometimes a
patient are going shopping I don't think
either one of those things is true I'm
not offended by either one of those
things I just don't think it's like
quite a match really insults either
right yeah you look like a schoolgirl
okay
you look like a pensioner like somebody
who worked hard is living on their
pension and has to buy something Gary
they said was a wolf with a hideous
Lantern John Kerry Wood and George Bush
when he ducked the shoe that was thrown
at him Oh ate in Iraq he they said he
looked like a chicken soaked in the rain
like that's not bad either
man those reflexes though that was an
impressive video but he did kind of look
like was probably the only time I was
impressed by Bush so well it's all fun
and games until nuclear war starts
so I thought hey I'm still 1.6 million
people get killed that's right
and so in all seriousness guys this is
the issue that I think is by far the
most important and why I look forward to
a president pence for all of how
outrageous Mike Pence's and how he would
be more confident in getting Republican
priorities passed I'll take it in return
for no nuclear war which this buffoon is
likely to start I mean I I don't know
that it's at 51% yet but but we are way
under counting how possible it is if you
like this clip of The Young Turks you
know there's a whole live two-hour show
6 to 8 p.m. Eastern everyday and you
could download it or stream in and watch
it without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
