the New York Times has uncovered a story
involving GOP donors and how furious
they are with the GOP for failing at
passing anything legislatively that
would of course benefit these very
donors now the Graham Cassady health
care bill is the latest example but
these donors are trying to make sure
that they do get their tax cuts in
upcoming debates that are likely to
happen now senator Cory Gardner during a
recent meeting with GOP senators mention
something about these donors and I want
to share it with you campaign
fundraising was drying up he said
because of the widespread disappointment
among donors over the inability of the
Republican Senate to repeal the
Affordable Care Act or do much of
anything else he quote he was quoted as
saying donors are furious we haven't
kept our promise that is the most
telling quote in all of politics because
the Republicans keep saying well you
know we made a promise to our voters and
that we would repeal Obamacare and so
we're gonna have to deliver that promise
Chuck Grassley is talking about that etc
and you're like wait a minute though
your proposals pulling a 20% so it
doesn't seem like a lot of Americans are
on your side including Republicans
including your voters so wait who did
you make that promise to and here is the
Republican senators clarifying yeah we
didn't mean voters we made a promise
toward donors right and there's there's
an interesting thing happening right now
because everyone's angry with the GOP
with these particular senators because
on one hand you have the constituents
who you know even if they lean to the
right they're aware of what's going on
which is why the Graham Cassidy
legislation is polling at about 24%
approval right and so constituents don't
want it but then donors want their tax
cuts and so you know they're obviously
conflicting here but for the first time
in a long time I feel like constituents
are politically aware and there will be
consequences for those who vote in favor
of this legislation I want to skip ahead
to something else Gardner said that I
thought was super interesting
mr. Gardner did not specifically urge
approval for the so called gram cassadee
health proposal that the senate may vote
on next week at the time of this meeting
that plan seemed essentially dead so it
seems like the the Senate GOP has
already decided like yeah this isn't
this doesn't look good right let's
continue with that he he was seen as
speaking more generally and mainly
looking forward to the coming debate
over tax cuts yeah tweet from somebody
that they're in the GOP caucus the
Trump's tax cut plan was gaining steam
yeah I think it's got it
I think I think yeah I don't think we
needed a gain steam I don't know why
this feels bungled to me
obviously it's bungled because they
didn't repeal the Affordable Care Act
and obviously at one point or many
points McConnell thought he could in
some variation but they probably should
have started with with the tax cut yeah
I guess and maybe there's some reason
why I know why they didn't I tell you
why they did I just thought it was okay
so so what is that talked about an
elephant is very relevant to this story
about the donors is that six to seven
hundred billion dollars in tax cuts are
put in to repealing Obama cares right so
it's like our Republican donors like the
Koch brothers or Cory Gardner talks
about how he's got a big donor in
Colorado was mad at him oh look it's so
obvious they just work for them they're
just their servants it's so pathetic
anyway so those guys wanted that was
like an appetizer they wanted the six
it's not like those Republican donors as
vicious as you might think they are like
oh I want to make sure you don't have
insurance they just don't give a damn
whether you have insurance or not they
just want their damn tax cuts so so the
Trump tax cuts that come afterwards are
about seven trillion dollars so they're
ten times as much so what the donors one
was give me a nice little appetizer let
me warm up on seven hundred billion
dollar tax cut then let's move on to the
seven trillion dollars taxes because if
you do the seven trillion dollar tax cut
first when you ask for another seven
hundred billion dollars people might go
come on right but that's why they went
in the order that they
but they bungle this one because it
affects people's healthcare right and so
but now when they move on to the tax
cuts every Republican will hold because
they all work for their donors the only
one now might with my new theory the
only one who could possibly break ranks
not the moderates not even Collins we're
counseling not any of those guys the
only one who could possibly break ranks
is McCain because he's definitely not
going to run against God knows what
McCain will do right well also just keep
in mind that you know they're not
looking out for you know the middle
class or working-class Americans they
claim they're looking out for right so
anytime you hear a Republican in some
cases even you know so-called Blue Dog
Democrats talk about these tax cuts
first of all they refer to it as tax
reform it's not tax reform the only
thing they're focusing on is is cutting
taxes period but they say that you know
the emphasis is gonna be on the middle
class they want to provide more money
for you so you can go off and do what
you want with your own money and not
have so much government involved in in
your choices but who are their donors
their donors aren't you know mostly
represented by middle class individuals
they're corporations they're the
wealthiest people they want to give
these tax cuts to the wealthy so every
time you hear someone from the GOP go on
CNN and talk about how they're just
looking out for the middle class they
want to provide more money for you that
is not the case at all they're primarily
focused on cutting taxes for their
donors who are the wealthiest people
yeah and I mean and the plan backs that
up complicated yeah it's such a it's
such a bad trick you know I watched a
Penn & Teller's show last night where
it's called like fool me Penn & Teller
or fool Penn & Teller and could be a
magician's get up there and try and do a
trick that they haven't seen and they
always know what it is right and I mean
this is such a badge in the glove in the
middle class and then you look at it and
you're like well it would 98% of the tax
cuts go to the wealthiest 1% I know look
I I agree that on it on the surface
level it seems like it's a really bad
idea it's it's very easy to look at the
policy and move on with your life and
realize that they're lying to you but
think about the platforms in which they
have these discussions and think of
how these platforms never delve into the
policy details right and so look I'm not
just saying this because I suspect CNN
doesn't get into the details of the the
tax cut proposals I know this because I
listen and watch the CNN every day and
when these segments happen they drive me
insane they'll have some GOP person come
on and he'll say no no we're just trying
to cut the taxes for the middle class
CNN doesn't get into the details of what
they're proposing ever ever and that's
the thing that frustrates me so it's
actually a very smart strategy because
if you have a politician go on CNN and
tell people oh middle class we're gonna
cut your taxes and they're not gonna get
into the truth and talk about what's
really gonna happen Americans are gonna
love that they're gonna be supportive of
that yeah and and of course because for
since since the beginning of time you
know every normal person would like more
money and right and every normal person
looks at their paycheck and thinks and
that sucks right right so it's an
incredibly effective strategy and it's
for years and years and you're put
Democrats in a difficult position
because they have to defend something
that nobody wants nobody who everybody
wants to keep their money so you're
right unless it's broken down and made
clear and then it becomes a very
effective argument I'm just saying that
when it is broken down as sometimes it
is it's just such a bad trick it doesn't
hold on it's it is it is it is a mile
wide and an eighth of an inch deep yeah
yeah so you're right Anna
unfortunately the cable news complex is
so incompetent and maybe purposely so
that just look up basic facts about what
percentage of taxes goes to the top one
percent or to multinational corporation
so by the way don't call it tax reform
just because they call it tax reform
that you're helping their propaganda
you're supposed to be journalists you're
supposed to figure out is it actually
reform or is it cuts now you can argue
that it's reform if it is not overall
cutting taxes that's adding taxes on
places and it's cutting taxes on other
places but it but this one doesn't it's
a seven trillion dollar tax cut so don't
feed into their propaganda that's not
supposed to be your job I was talking to
somebody off here today and they said
you know I'm be anything this is not tax
reform it looks like tax cuts
of course of course that's what it is
and that's insanity and when they talk
about a entitlement reform do you think
it's ever an increase of entitlements
like Social Security and Medicare no
entitlement reform means entitlement
cuts so call it what it is and they
won't do it but it doesn't matter
there's this thing called the internet
you can actually look it up now which
should be before TV at a monopoly and
they help to manipulate and lie to you
so now they're gonna get busted on this
stuff so now look at a lot of
conservative Democrats are really
corporate Democrats they will also vote
for these tax cuts and they will pass
these tax cuts otherwise they're all
going to lose their funding and they
cannot have it that is the only thing
they care about but when they do there
is going to be hell to pay because
people that they coined this term
trickle-down economics that is a
terrible term and it they let us sit
there for decades and the Democrats
because they're part of the corrupt
system never really challenged it when
you when they go make the case yeah I
just gave seven trillion dollars of tax
cuts the rich but don't worry it'll
eventually trickle all over you that is
not a winning strategy politically yeah
it's never it's never happened it
doesn't it doesn't work it doesn't work
yeah and so have at it horse but that
that is it's I know that they need it
for the for the for the from to get
money from their donors and that's part
of the corrupt system but it is going to
be their ultimate demise because people
are no longer happy to get trickled on
and it's not going to be a winning
strategy if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
