you know I don't know feel the Kamala
Harris is now for Medicare for all
Cory Booker who voted to make sure that
drugs from Canada could not be brought
into the United States so we could have
cheaper drug bori
he's now for Medicare for all very
suspects right because here's what the
Senate Democrats put out one of the
other day the 15th of September
it says the American people made their
voices heard loud and clear this year
they want bipartisan solutions to
improve the current health care law you
remember I remember all those remember
all those long signs we want to bar
bipartisan solution to our health care
remember that remember you go to rallies
people with those we wanted bipartisan
solution to our health care you must
include the Republican ideas no you
don't remember that I don't remember
that either you know why cuz that never
happened the American people did not say
that this is Chuck Schumer corporate
fuckin tool that he is this is Chuck
Schumer sell out of the American people
this is Chuck Schumer cretan this is him
gearing up and giving cover to all the
Democrats to not support Bernie's
Medicare for all bill that's what this
is oh well I'd like to give you Medicare
for all but the people spoke and they
said we should do it bipartisan and
Republicans won't go along with it so I
guess all I can do is keep that shitty
Obamacare that has no price controls and
is a giveaway to the health insurance
and Big Pharma after I have to fight for
that's what the people want me to do I
want to fight for fun for Medicare for
all but the people want me to include
Republican ideas they want us to include
the people they want us to come together
with the people who want to deny you
health care to help deny you health care
we have to come together to do that
that's what Chuck Schumer that's how
fucking bad they are at lying
that's the corrupt that's they sound
like Chris Hayes reviewing the Hillary
Clinton's book that's the power of money
in your brain does anyone believe that
how how long did they sit there how long
did it take them to come up with that
bullshit lie and by the way too
thousand likes 2,000 people yeah yeah
but yeah who the so I think again this
is why the Democrats are wiped out
because the Democrats are Republicans
and that's not hyperbole Tom Perez just
took a job teaching college cuz he
realizes the Democrats are fuckin dead
this is how little respect Chuck Schumer
has for us yes that he wants to go ahead
and push this narrative that we want
bipartisan I don't want anything to do
with Republicans I don't want anything
to do with Democrats I think I'd like a
party that cares about people that cares
about providing jobs health care and
access to higher education oh I don't
know how about also housing affordable
housing so there seems like a lot of
things that our government could do to
us good could actually do for us excuse
me but they seem to be more inclined to
help reach across the aisle for less yes
so well but because cuz that's their
excuse I wanna I wanna but they won't
let those that that's Barack Obama he
was obstructed for eight years no he had
a Democratic Congress for two of those
years could it did he had it he by the
way he had a filibuster-proof Senate an
ACOG and a Democratic Congress he could
have did anything he wanted for at least
two of those months could have gotten
single-payer that what you're saying
could have got a public option could
have gotten single-payer could have got
free college that's when you're supposed
to do that shit do you think if with
Republicans when they have it they're
not they don't do that just they're
doing it right now but they don't have a
super majority
they can't even repeal health care so
that Senate Democrats are selling you
out Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi art is
selling you out they don't represent you
Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer do not
give a shit about you Kamala Harris does
not give a shit about you cory booker
does not give a shit about you if
there's ever a check look what happened
in California right now we have a super
majority in California Democrats have a
super majority Anthony Rendon ran on a
plan
said he's for medicare-for-all now he's
the Speaker of the assembly
he's the leader where's their plan I
don't have a plan really you've been for
single-payer you ran on it it's in your
platform you said you've been for
single-payer before you ever heard of
Obamacare now you're the leader now you
have a supermajority and you're the
leader where's your plan I I don't I
don't oh I was supposed to have a plan
if I wanted to be the leader and I and I
supposed to have a plan for the thing I
claim I'm for yeah oh I don't have it
and you know what that tells me you're
not for it and you never were that you
give lip service as Chris Hedges tells
us all these bullshit corporate
Democrats they give they pay they know
the lip service they know the words to
populism they know the words of
progressives of liberalism and then they
turn around and do the exact opposite
thing the Democrats on a daily basis on
a daily basis violate their values and
if the American people had any idea how
often it happened they would be
screaming bloody murder
hey are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats so are we so why not become a
member of the Young Turks and help us
say no to corporate money if you become
a member and helps support shows like
the aggressive progressives who are
pissed off at corporate Democrats go to
tea white tea network.com slash join
it's only $10 a month it helps keep us
independent and keep bringing you the
truth
