now I'm gonna tell you a story that's
both encouraging and discouraging
because we keep it real on The Young
Turks so I think that overall though the
message is fantastic for progressives so
first of all we hear from the
establishment media and the
establishment Democrats all the time
that well you have to be practical so
you have to not support really
progressive ideas what I keep pointing
out is well no that would be the
practical thing to do because they're
actually wildly popular in the country
then they'll come up with a second
excuse which is no but not in the red
states well so we're gonna go to red
state tonight is West Virginia and there
was a poll done commissioned by Justice
Democrats done by SurveyMonkey which
organizations like NBC also use so it
was about health care what kind of
health care would you like now there is
some answers here that the rest of the
media and the establishment might find a
little shocking so and you're gonna see
here that we're gonna show you the bad
results - so we're being totally honest
about what happened in this poll so the
great news number one for policy that
West Virginia's wanted was Medicare for
all
coming in at thirty five point seven
nine percent of the people polled and
number two was the public option at
twenty two point eleven percent so
combined that is fifty eight percent of
people that at either one and Medicare
for all period or the public option
where you could buy into Medicare that
is not in a blue state that is in a very
red state Trump won that state by what
over forty points
and nonetheless what do they want they
want the incredibly popular program of
Medicare if you just pull Medicare by
itself it's a seventy seven percent
approval rating so no excuses here this
is not historical this is today this is
not a blue state or the overall country
it is West Virginia they actually do
want Medicare and don't let them lie to
you on TV
and by the way Democrats look if you had
any sense at all you sign on to Conyers
bill and in the house and you
to Bernie Sanders bill in the Senate and
we have petitions for you guys to back
them so that they are stronger we'll put
the links in the description box and it
is not just a program to make yourself
feel better or to push your progressive
ideology it's also a popular winning
program so actually fight for it it'll
make sense I think that's why Joe
Manchin who is the more establishment
candidate mortems he is the
establishment candidate in West Virginia
is now even flirting with single-payer
which previously would have been
unimaginable but apparently he can read
polls to which now gets us to the
interesting news about what the state of
that race I think that this has both
good news and bad news Paula Paula gene
Swearengen who is the just Democrats
candidate was polled along with Joe
Manchin and undecided now the race is
really really early it's happening next
year so the incumbents have a huge
advantage with name recognition and
paul-jean has just gotten started and so
it's hard to build that name recognition
so with that being said here are the
results about 46% for joe Manchin about
eight and a half percent for apology and
Swearengen and then about 38 percent
undecided now the not great news is
obvious she's at eight and a half
percent and he's polling way better but
again I'm probably the establishment
would find that surprising like what she
even registered and they probably think
of like really progressive candidates as
oh maybe they'll get one or two percent
no no she's a real Challenger and even
this early on
she's registering so but keeping it real
not a not at that higher number yet okay
I remember when Bernie Sanders was not
at a high number and then made up 60
points in a primary okay but look at the
Manchus numbers that's Democratic
primary and he's already underwater he's
under 50%
now that is usually really bad news for
an incumbent and when you've got 38%
saying I don't know and likely most of
those folks haven't heard apologies
margin yet and when the primary heats up
and they have debates and those
get tighter and tighter and they get a
chance to meet Paula Jean and go to her
rallies and see what a strong
progressive sounds like someone who's
from that community who's literally
the daughter of a coal miner and who
wants to protect jobs in West Virginia
and protect the environment you know why
cuz it's not a theoretical thing it's
the water that her kids drink and she
says like let's go crazy and think that
perhaps we can have clean water that
isn't poisoned for our kids and still
have jobs we should at least dare to
dream that big and she's also fighting
for Medicare for all in higher wages so
it's an interesting race we'll see how
it turns out the great news for
progressives all across the country is
Medicare for all is popular everywhere
and I think the beginning of good news
but just the beginning is that that
apology and Swearengin in in West
Virginia is on the map and Joe Manchin
is underwater so it'll be really
interesting to see how that's shapes up
and we'll also put a link for the
Justice Democrats
down at the bottom to if you want to get
involved so well the battle is joined
we'll see how the rest plays out next
year t YT membership gets you commercial
free young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
