it's free speech week at Berkeley which
means I will not be going to Berkeley
this week it is a conservative rally
that lasts for four days starting on
Sunday so plan accordingly it is you
know coordinated by the alt-right and
you know the idea of free speech I think
we'll talk about what they mean when
they say it's free speech week but
already this group has come under some
problems that have presented themselves
around the planning of the event they
have missed some deadlines so Berkeley
Patriot the student group missed
deadlines that would have given the
University Police the time they need to
set up security for the week so missing
those deadlines now their events that
we're supposed to take place inside are
going to have to be shifted outside
which bring with them a whole lot of
problems and logistical challenges also
no one knows who's actually speaking at
this event only my Lily innopolis
conservative commentator David Horowitz
and far-right activist Lucian winch rich
have actually confirmed the brand name
troll spunk such as Coulter and Bannon
have not publicly confirmed their
attendance it was reported that there
was one person who was you know
announced as being part of this whole
event who then came out and said the
inclusion of my name in the list of
speakers was done without my knowledge
or permission Marie who was the speaker
added that he would never attend an
event with the innopolis because he is a
despicable asshole
right so charles murray I said that
Charles Charles Murray's not a pleasant
guy first of all he's mainly known for
the idea that race and IQ are related in
other words and shockingly enough he
thinks that white people are smarter and
others are not as smart
especially blacks and Latinos Wow
what a revolutionary theory I've never
heard that one before and most other
scientists dismissed his claims I think
it's pseudoscience so even that guy
thinks Nemo is an asshole yeah and and
so this is classic right wing first will
they miss the deadline I don't know if
it's because their company because
they're right-wingers you know I mean
look at him run the government they run
it right into the ground
or they miss it on purpose so that
there's more controversy and oh my god
we gotta go outside where the protestors
are more likely to be and cause a messy
yes because all they care about is the
attention what what brilliant speech are
they're gonna give that's gonna change
minds at Berkeley right they don't care
about that they don't care about the
actual speech they're like oh of course
they don't care about the actual speech
in fact one of the people who in the
past attempted to give a speech at
Berkeley and then it was shut down by
protesters was Ann Coulter now she
hasn't confirmed whether or not she's
going to go to this event but she
claimed oh you know look at these libs
trying to do away with freedom of
expression freedom of speech as if she
genuinely values that right but in
reality she doesn't value it and so I I
went back and I pored through the
Internet to see whether or not some of
these big-name conservatives who keep
doing this had anything to say about
Chelsea Manning losing her honorary
fellowship at Harvard because
conservatives wanted to censor Chelsea
Manning while Ann Coulter did tweet
about that the only thing she said was
this is the second chance to be a fellow
that Chelsea Manning has blown oh that's
your commentary clever where's the
criticism about Harvard right well
where's the criticism about how this
university isn't supporting free speech
anyway they're obviously not being
genuine when they make those arguments
but look there's a reason why they keep
going to Berkeley because they want to
remain relevant and the only way that
they remain relevant and remain in the
headlines is if we give them the
attention that they want so I get that
it's ironic because we're doing a story
on it it's giving them attention but the
reason why I think it's important to
cover this is because please please
don't feed the trolls just don't please
don't feed them I get it they're hateful
they say terrible things but allow that
transparency to be out there right allow
them to say the hateful things allow
them to share their unpopular ideas and
fight those ideas with your own ideas
right at the same time you should host a
speaking event or speaking engagement
featuring someone who has ideas the
believe in I will promote that speech
okay I'll go further here let's have fun
next time these clowns want to do like a
freedom speech or whatever and they want
to have four or twenty eight
conservatives on a campus just invite me
same day me versus all of them
and you know what you don't even have to
protest them just come to my speech
instead my guess is that our speech will
be larger than all of theirs combined as
usual okay cuz they're not popular and
it's so bad Shakira went to Berkeley the
other day there was some protest I
wouldn't even bother protesting and
there was no major interruptions and it
was a normal fine boring a weirdly wrong
right-wing speech so what right like he
so he did this standard like rah rah
let's give tax cuts to the rich people
are like oh okay and then they left yeah
and that's the thing like let them I
know I get it look the best advice I
ever got and it was advice given to me
last year when I think I needed it the
most was don't let don't give people the
power to make you angry and like look
sometimes people do things and it makes
you angry for legitimate reasons I get
that but in this case they're purposely
doing something to rile students up and
make them angry because it does benefit
them it benefits their business model
don't give them that power right and if
you do get angry there are certain
manifestations of that anger that are
useful yeah but there are certain
manifestations of that anger that give
them more power and the manifestations
of the anger that give them more power
are violent activities and if you go and
you throw you know something at someone
or God you know if there's any kind of
violence whatsoever that's exactly what
they want I mean I saw an amazing
interview on a local TV station around
Berkeley I think it was W they're the CW
local affiliate where they showed all
the complaints lodged by the Berkeley
Patriot all those things saying like
they won't let us speak they're making
it so difficult and they literally said
they're treating us differently than
they have treated literally every
student group and then it cuts right to
an interview with the administrator
who's in charge of receiving all these
documents from them - okay the event and
he's like yeah we are treating them
differently we're giving them way
more leeway and way more extra time than
we give everyone else just because it's
such and they understand exactly what's
going on and they wisely say like we're
not gonna give them the pushback that
they're looking for and at every point
will you know respond to their
misinformation with all the right kind
of information and it works last couple
of other things I like the Charles
Marius some of other right-wingers were
outraged that they were lied about the
right-wing lies all the time about the
left-wing and about everything else but
when all of a sudden you're doing to
each other like shocked is chagrined
turns out some people on our side are
lawyers
Wow and then remember this isn't about
free speech because CPAC it had invited
Nemo and said well you know I know that
he said all these sexist bigoted of
course they didn't admit that but he
it's super obvious he had and and I
don't make me list a dozen things he
said that's outrageous
anyway all those things but we're fine
with it I mean we're for freedom of
speech and then they found out that he
had done that interview where he seemed
to be advocating for child molestation
and pedophilia now that he did it but
that he was saying like it's not such a
bad thing and then all of a sudden CPAC
disinvited wait I thought you were a
free speech right just because you
disagree with that idea doesn't mean
that you should censor him right so it's
actually not about free speech they kind
of like the bigotry and the sexism and
the racism that's why they wanted him to
speak they don't to their credit I guess
they don't like pedophilia that's why
they didn't want him to speak after they
found out so just admit that you like
the racism under sexism and don't hide
behind freedom of speech as if like
that's your shining principle like
freedom of speech is awesome we're all
I've said a million times we're in
favorite and in favor of you speaking
that doesn't mean that what you say is
by definition a good thing right you're
allowed to say and it doesn't mean that
people aren't allowed to criticize what
you say right so that's another thing as
soon as they as soon as let's say
advertisers pull out of their content
they think that censorship no that's
advertisers not wanting to be affiliated
with your hateful rhetoric that has
nothing to do with you being censored
it's with a business model that makes
sense for these particular advertisers
and they're wrong like
what they say is wrong a lot of it is
hyperbole for the Senate for the intent
of getting a reaction or a rise out of
you they can't really back it up there's
a great thing from Slate Michelle
Goldberg writes that she went to a bunch
of event and she said again and again
when she went to these Trump rallies and
various demonstrations she said people
told me how much they resented not being
able to speak their minds though none of
them wanted to articulate what exactly
they were holding in they had hated
being shamed on social media though they
usually didn't want to say what they had
been shamed for and a lot of this is
like they just they don't like being
told that they can't say anything but
they really don't want you to know what
they want to say because they know how
terrible it is and if you let them
actually voice that opinion they know
that the rejoinder is going to be you
know relevant revelatory of exactly how
terrible they are it's a wonderful
country you're allowed to be a racist
but we don't have to like you for it
yeah okay finally super lastly one of
the right-wingers who's not coming is
Michael malice so they are going to have
an absence of mouth watch The Young
Turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it anyway you like at
TYT Network comm slash join
