former Patriots tight end Aaron
Hernandez's lawyer says his brain showed
signs of a severe case of CTE so this
involves Aaron Hernandez who you may or
may not have known he was a tight end
for the Patriots and he was convicted of
a murder in 2013 and sentenced to life
in prison he was found hanged in his in
his jail cell according to studies that
have been done CTE or chronic traumatic
encephalopathy has been linked to
repeated concussions and involves brain
damage particularly in the frontal
region that controls many functions
including judgment emotion impulse
control social behavior and memory it
leads to symptoms like violent mood
swings depression and other cognitive
difficulties they also presented the
actual brain scans which we can look at
so the darkened area is largely
attributed to symptoms and signs and a
physical manifestation of the CTE and so
a lot of people are bringing into the
discussion whether this led to some of
the behavior surrounding the murders
because it has been linked as as it has
been said to mood swings and also this
also other parts of the the discussion
are the fact that he has a history of
being affiliated with certain groups
that participated in violence and so
yeah the question is is CTE behind this
yes so a couple of things here it might
be related to the murders that obviously
could also be related to suicide which
is what it often leads to now I his
fiancee thinks it was not a suicide and
I was a little skeptical in the
beginning because of the timing so he
got convicted for the 2013 murder he was
up on two different murder charges but
he was still appealing that and it was
just right after he was acquitted for
the second set of murders actually the
earlier murders of 2012 drive-by
shooting of two men in Boston he got
acquitted of that and then we find him
you know hanging his in a Cell and in an
apparent suicide I was like why would he
kill himself right after he was
acquitted and though he still got an
appeal on the other charges and this guy
had a contract for 40 million dollars so
that would give a norm
person hoped that you could turn your
life around unlikely he'd make it back
into football but you know there was
just Eddie had already made a lot of
money before it just seemed weird that
he committed suicide but it might not be
weird if you have CTE which very often
leads to suicide so what I found really
interesting about this and I didn't know
it in our prior reporting on CTE a
person at least with the medical
procedures that we have now in the
medical testing that we have available
right now a person who's suffering from
CTE can't get diagnosed until after
they've already died you can only
diagnose a person through an autopsy and
so what I'm curious about is you know in
terms of the prosecution of any
individual when it comes to a trial
usually if there are mental health
issues that could have contributed to
that alleged crime those issues come up
as part of the defense whether it's
insanity or whatever and so I'm
wondering you know this is a real
problem and and it's affecting all sorts
of athletes especially football players
people who are involved in mixed martial
arts
you know wrestlers wrestlers if this
kind of stuff comes up over and over
again you know are they gonna come up
with better testing methods to see if
you know people are suffering from this
condition if they're being processed
to find new ways to diagnose it Sam dr.
Sam Gandhi at Mount Sinai in New York is
trying to develop a new he's a more of
an Alzheimer's expert and is trying to
find new ways to diagnose it while
you're still alive I'd imagine that in
some kind of prosecutorial case since
there's such a prevalence of it for
those not familiar with the NFL study
they studied a hundred and eleven brains
of former NFL players and of those
hundred and eleven 110 shown signs of
CTE yeah these are the brains of
deceased football players so this
obviously over 99% of NFL players but
they also studied college football
players and high school football players
college football players shockingly high
about 75% of their brains at CTE high
school football players 25% as a former
high school
that scares the hell out of me and and
by the way of course remember that that
studies of people whose families gave
their brains into study so it's not
perfectly you know it's not yeah it's
not a random or a representative sample
but still the numbers are so stark that
it that it is a significant issue now my
guess is that Anna's right that's
defense lawyers will start bringing this
out no it's okay my the CTE made him do
it it's not gonna be a great defense and
nor should it be but I I don't know what
the right answer is I love football
I know a lot of people love watching
mixed martial arts I loved watching
wrestling when I was a kid and it's in
there's two things that play and it
depends on a case by case basis so you
can't you have no idea if the guy who
did something violent is actually has
CTE or doesn't but they also all do a
lot of steroids and all three of those
things and so so you there's been a
number of cases of ex wrestlers and an
MMA guys and and football players
abusing their loved ones sometimes
killing them etc and you've got a
combination of pent-up aggression and
and by the way you make a living by
acting out violently and now it's better
than it's in a controlled area like the
NFL right well and then you've got roids
and then you've got CTE or that's a
that's a bad combo yeah I never bought
the like it they work in a violent
industry if then they bring that home
it's just so strange to me because it's
it's not like violent trauma like people
who are who go to warfare and come back
with you know PTSD and in it and on the
other hand in other situations like
people who are surgeons don't come home
and like perform surgery on their family
I know it looked like porn goes both
directions that came out weird what I
mean by that is some people claim hey
porn makes sexual assault more likely
because they get you know they see some
version of that or whatever and the
other side in it in that case they've
done a lot of studies on it another side
one which is
no actually once they've orgasm they
don't care at all it actually makes them
less likely to commit sexual assault but
in this case look a part of the reason I
played football because I was a really
aggressive dude and it allowed me to
take out my aggression in that context
which is a good context right and which
was rewarded and etc instead of taking
it out in the wrong context and so
there's a case to be made that if you do
it right it'll lead to less violence so
I hear you on that but we have had a lot
of violence surrounding these couple of
areas they'll have to study it a lot
more to see if it actually is connected
to CTE but Aaron hairnet is this case
absolutely tragic for all the people who
died earlier and now for Hernandez
himself too and in his case we do know
whether it led to his crimes or a
suicide he had a pretty bad case of CTE
and and sometimes it does lead to those
things support independent media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
