the young turks have been nominated for
a Streamy show of the year is the
category that we've been nominated in
and the only way that we can win is if
TYT army supports us and shows us that
you are too strong now you don't have to
vote for us if you don't want to
obviously but if you have a Twitter
account and want to support us you can
actually vote for us every single day up
until the awards by tweeting the hashtag
TYT
for streamys t YT fo r streamys we are
also nominated for a show on pop trigger
called murder with friends that is the
show that is not hosted by grace
Baldrige you guys should definitely vote
in favor of that as well if you choose
to and you know and for news show of the
year as well so look I'm gonna disagree
with Anna a little bit here number one
you do have to vote for us it's
mandatory they just pass a law that and
I saw it in a tweet okay look there's
not that much time between now and
September 26 you know seriousness how
cool would it be if we won show of the
year that's the thing that's that is
that you should focus on hashtag TYT for
streamys because it would annoy our
critics and our trolls so much we were
the number one show on the entire
internet it's a liberal
yeah what happened it would be great you
know what I want to tape all of them
it's kind of like their election night
moment if we win that election like you
were declared the show of the year on
the Internet
thinking about oh my god brace for
impact thank you for streaming and by
the way retweets do count so you can
retweet someone that's supporting us
again use the hashtag TYT for streamys
to vote for us let's go win and drive
right-wingers crazy help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
