I've always loved the idea of coming in
to dramatic music and I have a couple of
like thoughts I sort of beat and coming
down a like a hallway like a boxer or a
wrestler or Bill Clinton right and like
Friday power panel for hallways or four
corners and like dramatic music or maybe
even music a good tattoo and people like
they might even like dance their way
into the studio like that's how insane
no I just I just got a production idea
we could never do it for money reasons
but like aggressive progresses for
instance they can come in to turn down
for what have you heard us oh yeah of
course
turned out for what I turn on the radio
for the first time in like eight years
the other day because I phone wasn't
working and the plug-in wasn't working
and I went to like old-school hip-hop
and it's not even him I like R&B
whatever mute station in LA yeah and
there were 93 five right yeah and they
were playing Ludacris and I'm like oh my
god Ludacris is now easy-listening old
music alright it's so devastating like
it's crazy
that's nuts that's ludicrous
