a man in Baton Rouge has been arrested
for allegedly murdering two black men
and attempting to murder another black
man who lives near his home
Kenneth James Gleason is his name and
luckily he is in custody and he had been
arrested and let go and then reah Rus
tit for other crimes right before he got
arrested for these alleged murders and
it was because of a leg drug possession
and then he tried to steal a book this
story is crazy and I'm happy that he's
in custody especially when you consider
what his motivations possibly were
Kenneth James Gleason is thought to have
fired at two men killed last week while
inside his car before getting out
standing over them and firing additional
shots it appears to be cold calculated
planned against people who were unarmed
and defenseless that's according to the
East Baton Rouge District Attorney on
Monday September 11th Moore said Moore
is the District Attorney here
Gleason fired three shots from a
9-millimeter gun at an occupied home not
far from his own luckily no one was hurt
in that case however following that
incident he did kill two people the
first note or allegedly killed people
the first known fatal shooting occurred
Tuesday September 12th when Bruce
Cofield was killed Cofield a homeless
man known to people in the community was
fatally shot late that night and then
two days later police say Donald Smart
was found with fatal gunshot wounds
smart was a popular employee at Louie's
cafe a diner near the Louisiana State
University campus Moore said they were
able to link Gleason to the shootings
early Tuesday when DNA found on the
shell case that casings matched his own
authorities also spoke to multiple
witnesses who identified the same red
car that Gleason owns and drives at the
scene of these crimes and so he hasn't
been convicted but he has been charged
and so we'll we'll see how it plays out
but through this investigation
authorities are trying to of course find
the motive and figure out whether or not
the
was racially motivated and so far they
they indicate that they believe that's
the case but they need to prove it
obviously so they're working on that
investigation right now what kind of
book was he stealing Hitchhiker's Guide
to the galaxy literally my favorite book
I was are you're just made that up right
seriously it was Hitchhiker's Guide to
the galaxy oh okay why what were you
what was the rest of that question no
the reason why I says because
potentially that I could tell you what
his idea was also book theft is a very
strange thing to be locked up for but I
don't know it's what do we do with this
story this story is a murder story we
hope we don't sit around and wait for
the final result but we keep monitoring
it and if things seem to be getting left
behind we pick up on it but I look at
this as like this is a terrible terrible
story right about someone who keeps
giving or do we do it this story this is
what we do with the story okay we stop
allowing the GOP to intimidate us and
and when I say us I mean so-called
progressive lawmakers we stop allowing
them to intimidate us from draining
resources in the Department of Homeland
Security that are dedicated to
investigating and encountering
right-wing non Muslim terrorism in the
country because that type of terrorism
exists right so look in this case he
attempted to kill a black man and then
he successfully murdered two black
individuals is it a coincidence that
they're all black I don't know it might
be but I doubt it
okay Dylan roof specifically went into a
black church and murdered black
parishioners who by the way lovingly
invited him in there to pray along with
them right-wing extremism in the country
is a real problem okay I'm not saying
take the resources away from you know
any type of counterterrorism program
looking into or investigating Muslim
extremism but I am saying that hey back
in 2011 when the GOP intimidated
Democrats and convinced them to drain
resources from the Department of
Homeland Security so there wouldn't be a
portion of that organization looking at
right-wing extremism that was a little
bit of an issue
I totally get all those
yes I totally get all these things
missing from this story is on on you
know arrested suspects computer is found
propaganda related to all right wing
extremism right now what we have is
terrifying person kills yeah black
people I mean that kills people like
well targets black people specifically
so essentially there is a process that
is going to unfold which is going to
fill in all these blanks I said I say we
keep an eye on it I just am waiting for
the missing pieces to arise it's good to
point it out now but like if I well if
it turns out I mean just from a
strategic point of view those are all my
goals the goals you have laid it out
laid out but my strategic point of view
I wait until we find that missing piece
that links no I get it
look I get what you're saying because
you know you don't want to you know jump
on a story and start assuming things
before there's actual evidence but it's
gotten to a point where we're seeing
stories like this pop up in the news
more and more often you know Heather
hire gets murdered and run over do to
white supremacist in you know
Charlottesville Dylan roof murdered
those parishioners at that church I mean
these stories keep coming up and people
are losing their lives and we have
lawmakers and a president that has
emboldened this type of hatred and so
all I'm saying is there should be some
entity in government that also spends
some of our resources investigating
extremism period not just a specific
type of extremism but extremism overall
because it's not just Muslims that carry
out you know acts of terror percent like
seventy five percent we keep allowing
conservatives to totally like take
control of the conversation right and
and fear monger and it's just I want the
government to do what the government's
supposed to do which is keep Americans
safe and unfortunately that is not
what's happening right now like yeah
rhetorically why can't I jump to all
those conclusions immediately because
when you look at the example of the
and he jumps to those conclusions
immediately without enough evidence not
Charlotte's ville right well he jumps to
certain conclusions immediately based on
what's most politically expedient for
him in his weird instinctive like sixth
sense for pandering to bases but I don't
know that one side of me says I would
like to jump to this conclusion just
because you're doing it the other side
of me says I gotta wait because no
matter what they're doing I want to wait
until I have all the facts that back up
this I don't want to make the conclusion
first so I have a pattern I see a
pattern I want to fill in all the blanks
to prove that pattern to be something
that is actually what's happening before
I say it is that's just it I mean I see
this it's absolutely devastating and
horrible and I don't want it to happen
well even look even the Baton Rouge
police chief said on Tuesday following
Gleason's arrest that the brutal murders
last week probably saved lives because
the 23 year old would have probably
killed again the arresting of this
person who did though yes yes so not
murders but the arresting of the person
after the murders yeah I'm just saying
like in the end of the day they are
aware that this person was potentially
targeting black people I'm not saying
that we should jump to that conclusion
but in the end of the day we should be
at least a little bit we should feel a
little bit safer and now that we have at
least one psychotic individual off the
streets I guess that's all you can say
once you establish that this person is
not a race criminal yet
yeah and tie it back to all those goals
I'm all again I'm completely in support
of all that I would make the argument
that I just think it's interesting that
Dylan roof like just going back to that
story wrote a whole manifesto and was
engaged in hateful rhetoric online and
you know while the government
indiscriminately spies on everyone right
regardless of what you do even if
there's no probable cause or reasonable
suspicion they just indiscriminately
collect our made-up metadata maybe they
should hone in on people who are you
know sharing threatening material or
hateful material online like have a
little bit of probable cause mixed in
there yeah you actually target the right
people instead of indiscriminately
targeting every American
yeah the Cenacle is probably true thing
is but those people buy a lot of guns
and I'm gonna fund I'm gonna you know
lobby so that
we don't do that thing because I need
that person to buy a lot of guns from
the gun industry and then when that
person ends up shooting people
indiscriminately or even purposefully
targeting black people then more people
will buy guns to protect themselves
because they feel unsafe if you like
this clip of The Young Turks you know
there's a whole live two-hour show 6 to
8 p.m. Eastern every day and you could
download it or stream in and watch it
without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
