we've heard quite a bit about fake news
from the Trump administration and from
Republicans whenever there's anyone in
the media who has the audacity to
criticize anything they're doing now
it's interesting that fake news is
usually a criticism coming from the
right wing when you consider the fact
that the Governors Association the
Republican Governors Association took
out a media organization online without
disclosing that they were the
individuals behind it so they started
publishing under a publication that is
100% Republican propaganda right it's
you know run by the Republican Governors
Association but they didn't disclose
that to any of the readers until The
Associated Press investigated it and
found out about it the name of the
publication is the free Telegraph and
they have a Facebook page they have a
website and what they do is they go
ahead and publish all sorts of Pro
Republican news articles now
interestingly enough it's not just
Democrats or liberals that are
criticizing them for this it's also
Republicans who say look you got to
disclose you know what the bias is here
you have to disclose that this is you
know put forward by the GOP Governors
Association and you guys have failed to
do that and so their Facebook page still
does not disclose that but at least at
this point their website does I'll give
you a little bit more of the specific
criticism in just a second but what do
you think I'm not that bothered by it it
doesn't really it you know I love it I
mean I know Rick Tyler is a a Republican
spokesperson he's critical of it yeah
but I mean Fox News is the same thing
right I mean it's essentially the same
thing they're telling you a one-sided
story about what's going on these people
are trying to dupe you in a way which is
unfortunate but I think that you have to
use your head a little bit when you read
this stuff and see where you're getting
it what you're doing I think people have
become lazy and I I'm not that bothered
by the I'm not surprised by it I'm not
that bothered by it of all the things
that are bothering me today this is low
on that list though I understand that
it's
and there's a lot about politics that is
terribly deceptive so I'm bothered by it
and extremely bothered by it and I would
feel the same way if it was a group of
you know Democrats doing the same thing
because journalistically
journalistically yes because it's
intentionally misleading when you don't
disclose the organization behind the
publication and you know the political
biases that play a role then you're
doing a disservice to readers it is
propaganda and by the way that is not
just a criticism coming from me or from
liberals as you mentioned Rick Tyler who
is a Republican communications veteran I
mean he's worked with Ted Cruz and all
sorts of people that were not fans of he
said it's propaganda for sure even if
they have objective standards and all
the reporting is 100% accurate so again
if it's coming from a particular
organization like the GOP governors
association then there's obviously a
political slant there and so what they
do is they publish all sorts of articles
that are very positive toward
Republicans you know very positive
toward what's going on in in terms of
what lawmakers are doing in Texas right
now with hurricane Harvey response but
they won't do the same thing when it
comes to you know Democratic governor
because they're the Republican governors
that's what I'm saying I mean there's
there's a bit of inherent laziness on
the part of the reader that doesn't
begin to and I and I get what you say
and I love Rick Tyler I really do i I
think he's he's wildly smart and I
respect that he is criticizing this I
just don't I think at the age of the
internet excuse me
the age of the internet so much is
unchecked that it falls on the viewer /
reader / listener - to follow up on what
it is that you're taking it but if it's
not disclosed that it's coming from the
GOP Governors Association how are they
going to know in fact they didn't even
you know they didn't take out the URL in
the normal way people do where you can
find out who you know who's behind the
website so for instance they did this by
domains by proxy or with domains by
proxy a company that allows the
originators of the website to shield
their identities why did they do that it
was intentionally misleading and so
even if you're like you know up on
what's going on with fake news and
you're very aware of propaganda I mean
you have to do significant digging to
figure out what's going on behind you
are gonna win this argument there's no
question about it I'm just not that
bothered by it I think it happens all
the time I think that it's too bad that
it happens it's too bad that people
don't look further into it but I'm not
gonna fight very hard against it because
it still it still is what you're saying
that it is that's all I'm just not that
bothered by and also I mean just
spending time on Facebook during the
past election yeah you're right I mean
there's a certain level of I don't know
if laziness is the right word but
there's a lack of media literacy right
and it's not the media literacy isn't
even a thing that's ever discussed and
so people will come across the most
outlandish things on social media and
just you know take it at face value and
I think it's laziness because I think it
goes back to the story we were talking
about with those nine senators that that
vowed stick but that there's a laziness
on the part of these US senators
obviously saying well I agree with it
because it's not Obamacare right that's
lazy well it's the same thing if they
asked questions and they looked into it
and they still believed it that's
different I believe that Ted Cruz read
this legislation and understands it and
just despises Obamacare and despises
socialized medicine despises the state's
taking gear that's his you know view
it's why I disagree with him so much but
I do think it's laziness and and I think
it's pervasive because of how much
information there is to take in that we
can't possibly check it all so this is a
loophole that these people are going
through it's like are we can do this and
nobody's gonna take us to task for it
and in the old days they wouldn't been
able to get away with it now
unfortunately they are if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
