Tom Price who is the head of the Health
and Human Services he's the Health and
Human Services Secretary is getting a
little bit of heat over the way he has
decided to travel rather than taking
commercial flights or trains which would
cost a lot less he is opted to use
private jets costing US taxpayers a
considerable amount of money to give you
an example prices travel itinerary last
week included five charter flights that
charter operators estimated would cost
at least $60,000 now that's for one week
and according to White House staffers
apparently he has been participating in
this type of private travel for months
now the Secretary's five flights which
were scheduled between September 13th
and September 15th took him to a resort
in Maine where he participated in a
queue a discussion with a healthcare
industry CEO and two community health
centers in New Hampshire and
Pennsylvania and that's according to
internal HHS documents now Tom Price
hasn't released a statement or a
response in regard to all this criticism
however an HHS spokesperson has and
here's what they have to say when
commercial aircraft cannot reasonably
accommodate travel requirements charter
aircraft can be used for official travel
now to be clear there is no law banning
him from using private jets in order to
do official business travel however it
is frowned upon especially when it comes
from a politician who claims that we
need to cut spending
federally right there's too much waste
you know we got to cut programs that
help the needy we need to just be real
fiscal conservatives you know somebody
should come out and say that they oughta
like with this when you see something
like this happened that they oughta like
drain the swamp or something because
yeah you know that seems like you get
getting these people out of there stop
this ridiculous spending right it's
absurd now just to show you a little bit
of his Apocrypha let's take a look at a
clip from 2009 where he said that he was
totally against jet use for officials at
the worst time in modern history in our
economy
decides to spend five hundred fifty
million on private jets for themselves
that this is just another example of
fiscal irresponsibility responsibility
run amuck in Congress right now and
Dennis Dennis that Joe talked Joe acts
like they don't have any planes right
now they got twenty four of them right
now no need for four more my goodness
gracious especially in this time of
fiscal crisis that we have what we need
to be doing is cutting it to zero I hope
that the Congress will come back and do
that when we get back there in September
I mean you can't say it better than Tom
Price himself said it right I mean and
do you remember we had a vice president
who took the train to Wilmington which
is one stop before Philadelphia when
you're leaving Washington the Vice
President took the train I mean there
were the this study of this study this
article said that in the time that he
needed to get to Philadelphia flying
from Philadelphia to Washington
Philadelphia there were four different
trains yes the last of which would have
gotten him in there at 9:58 a.m. just in
time for his appearance he could have
also driven it's not that long
arrived it's two and a half hours yes
right to drive there right so if you
genuinely consider yourself a fiscal
conservative who has in the past
criticize other lawmakers or other
politicians for using private jets well
then maybe you should practice what you
preach and so look when the HHS said oh
sometimes commercial travel isn't
feasible I was like alright I mean maybe
they're right maybe we should look into
it maybe there weren't any flights
available or maybe there were no you
know train rides available and guess
what
Politico looked into it they did some
pretty great reporting here and here's
what they found
sample round-trip fares for the United
flight range from four hundred forty
seven dollars to seven hundred
twenty-five dollars per person on United
comm though the price would have been
lower if booked in advance or if prices
party received government discounts
similarly priced commercial flights also
left from Reagan National Airport and
Baltimore Washington International by
contrast though the cost of chartering a
plane was roughly twenty-five thousand
dollars and that's according to Altima
Tartars so he had several
less expensive options he opted against
it he refuses to release a statement
about this he had the you know HHS
released the statement for him with a
really ridiculous excuse it's just is
there anything that Republicans don't
project on because when they're
complaining about you know government
waste in reality they're talking about
their own behavior I mean come on yeah I
mean he was talking about air Pelosi
complaining that at that time I'm
guessing I don't even know if she was
speaker at that time or if she was just
the minority leader in the house but if
you are critical in that way you're
doing exactly what it would NSA which is
projecting and projecting constantly
just you know ad nauseam and you're also
exposing the hypocrisy of the entire
administration that you serve when it
comes to draining the swamp like I said
but also with when it comes to these fat
cats in Washington getting what they
want at the expense of taxpayers while
also pretending that they're saving
federal dollars in him he's the
Secretary of Health and Human Services
he knows about this health care bill
trying to get rid of Obamacare
symbolically even though it's gonna cost
a hell of a lot more money right exactly
and so it look this goes beyond
hypocrisy regarding jets right for me
it's more about how aggressively he has
fought to cut funding for programs that
benefit low-income Americans or
Americans in general let me give you a
few examples of that so price Beck's
major spending reductions to agencies he
oversees and legislation that could call
hundreds of billions of dollars from
health entitlement programs okay so
Medicare Medicaid those types of
programs that a lot of Americans rely on
there isn't enough funding for that but
there's enough funding for him to get on
a private jet to go from Washington DC
to Philadelphia how absurd is that okay
let me give you another example price
also backed a nearly six billion dollar
proposed cut to the National Institutes
of Health in March and an overall
eighteen percent spending cut to HHS
included in Trump's first budget
proposal so he wants to do away with
taxpayer money going toward benefiting
the lives of a man
hurricanes but he has no problem using
that money to board private jets right
and he'll remember his colleague the
Treasury Secretary of Treasury Steve
minuchin inquired into using a private
jet to go on his honeymoon I mean these
are this is who you elected you know
this is who's there and these are the
kind of things they want to do and there
are reasons to fly privately if you're
in government there are reasons to
hurriedly get to a certain place to go
talk to CEO Healthcare CEO in Maine
there are better ways for you to get to
Maine to talk to that healthcare CEO to
do a Q&A with him this is this is not
one of those reasons mr. secretary help
us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
