a state lawmaker is catching some heat
after she shared a meme on social media
that had gotten another public figure in
trouble earlier now the meme in question
is the following it shows people getting
run over by a car it says all lives
splatter nobody cares about your protest
keep your ass out of the road
representative Lynn de Santo thought it
was a great idea to post that in fact as
she posted that meme she included a
caption that said I think this is a
movement we can all support whatwhat's
the movement that you think everyone
supports running over protesters simply
because they're inconveniencing you by
blocking the road that's what you think
people support after someone just got
murdered by getting run over by a white
supremacist you think everyone supports
that do you imagine if you are related
to Heather hire and you and you see all
lives splatter I mean whoa and listen
this is beyond PC this is just it's
pathetic and and you're really that
disconnected from reality where you see
that meme first of all you see that mean
and as a public official as a state
lawmaker you think yeah this is great
I'm gonna share it on Facebook right
this is gonna be great okay a lack of
judgment obviously but then you think oh
yeah everyone loves this right everyone
can get behind this running evil over
it's great I mean how did you get
elected into office you obviously have
not done any critical thinking
whatsoever now she did end up deleting
it and she released this following
statement I'm sorry if people took
offense to it and perceived my message
in any way insinuating support or
condoning people being hit by cars I
perceived it differently what's what's
the other way that you perceived it and
what how could it possibly be perceived
in a different way it's a meme showing
people get getting run over protesters
getting run over it's pretty straight
forward I don't know yeah I just I have
no idea how in the world she perceived
it differently I mean that's in a way
that's the worst thing that she said
right the worst thing that she did is
that she's so dim it seems as to not
understand why people would have
perceived it in a way and to think
there's
other way to actually perceive something
like that well they must not have a lot
of protests in boxelder
South Dakota but they should protest
Linda Santo so she was working at a real
estate firm and she has gotten fired
from that real estate firm because of
what she posted also oh good just think
about what you're about to put on social
media before you do it just take a
second take a second to really think
about the ramifications and if you
support that kind of meme and are so
disconnected from reality that you think
everyone else supports it well you just
need to go out and actually talk to some
of your constituents maybe talk to some
people and figure out what they really
do support because I would hope they
don't support running people over just
for blocking a road if you like this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
