the so-called alright which I like to
call white supremacist because that's
what they really are apparently have a
beef with Jennifer Lawrence who's a
white actress so what's the issue here
well it turns out that they think that
she is attacking them when in reality
she's not and the latest issue has to do
with a movie that she stars in called
mother with an exclamation mark at the
end now mother is an experimental film
it is a psychological thriller and there
are a lot of references to religion
there so the religious right in the
country has an issue with that because
they think that their religion is being
utilized to send a political
anti-climate change message okay so to
give you an example of some of the
criticism that Jennifer Lawrence's face
because she's in this movie a Breitbart
editor by the name of John Nolte writes
the chickens have finally come home to
roost for Jennifer Lawrence's hateful
mouth mother is a catastrophe for
Lawrence one of Hollywood's most
stridently bigoted former stars every
time I hear someone from the so-called
alright talk all that really like comes
out is look at these attractive women
that won't have sex with me like I'm so
frustrated right like I don't know that
insel involuntary celibacy it's a whole
sub-genre of of guys just like this she
won't bang you ever it feels like
they're trying to run up to her and pull
her hair on the play yard and be like I
don't love you at all and then run away
now I mentioned yeah go ahead say okay
so Jennifer Lawrence talks about the
film and this doesn't really give you
any spoilers but it kind of explains
what the meaning of the film is and like
I said there are a ton of religious
references there so according to
Jennifer Lawrence it depicts the rape
and torment of mother earth it's not for
everybody it's a hard film to watch but
it's important for people to understand
the allegory we intended that they know
I represent Mother Earth Xavier meaning
Javier Bardem whose character is a poet
represents a form of God a creator
Michelle Pfeiffer is an Eve to Ed
Harris's Adam and the settings sometimes
resembles the Garden of Eden okay so the
religious right upset don't touch our
religion especially
we're trying to make a political point
about climate change okay that's why no
one saw the movie what she just said
there is because it's so laden with
symbolism and it gets disappears so far
up its own ass with trying to create an
allegory then no one liked this movie
like what it's for gave it an F before
showing it at the latest festival
Aronofsky said you're gonna hate me in
an hour and a half and the reason for
that is it is one of those things where
he did Black Swan and that was
accessible because it was enjoyable from
both a narrative and a symbolic
perspective by all accounts mother is a
bad movie because it has no redeeming
narrative it is all you having to figure
out what is what is her hair symbolize
and what does the color of the
background save life that's why no one
saw the movie that's why it made
whatever three million dollars in its
box office or 7.5 million dollars it
write globally in its box because it's
the kind of movie whose title is
lowercase with an exclamation point at
the end like that's why people didn't
see it these alright guys are swooping
in over the corpse of this failed
blockbuster attempt and saying that was
us but the truth yes no it wasn't you at
all that's like so you know your teen
your rival lost a football game and
you're saying it's because I was rooting
against them
no they just weren't it was a bad team
as a bad game yeah so the movie has
gotten a lot of criticism but you're
right the alt-right is kind of like
latching on to it and saying it's
because of our boycott but it's not
because of your boycott it was based on
what I've read from the critics just a
bad film and liked to overly artistic to
the point where a lot of people were
like right I don't I don't want to spend
too much time interpreting what's going
with all the double dildo scene from his
other movie double dildo scene really
what was that one with Jennifer Connelly
God what was it called we need Bart Bart
knows it too rec room for dreams all
requiem for a dream double dildo scene
without like that that's what it
he did you see it I didn't see mother
but from all accounts of what I've read
Ben thing is you're not gonna see mother
so I can say that to you like no one no
one's gonna go see it you know it is
almost to the point where it's gotten so
universally panned you your expectations
are low enough where you can go see it
and if it's as bad as everyone says you
can enjoy it because it's so terrible
and if it's not as bad as everybody says
you can be like tough rap mmm bad rap
okay well okay so there was the movie
situation and then in my opinion the
funnier situation had to do with a vote
cover that Jennifer Lawrence was on by
the way like who has time to think about
this kind of stuff like if I saw that at
a newsstand I'd be like okay
typical Vogue cover whatever but um the
alt-right felt that this cover was an
assault and an attack on them what I
mean obviously now that I look at yeah
it's pretty obvious what okay real quick
real quick so according to Newsweek
divisions between Lawrence and they all
right erupted in August when she was
photographed in front of the Statue of
Liberty for the cover of Vogue along
with an article titled American Beauty
Jennifer Lawrence on love Liberty and
the freedom to be herself right Bart
editor John Carney who again has too
much time on his hand said we're going
to have to create a full make America
great again or magus at Oak culture
industry because the opposition media
can't even do fashion without attacking
us that sentence looks like it was
created by like some like auto sentence
generator of all right words I just
probably yeah and and okay so here's
what their theory was you guys remember
when Stephen Miller that's his name
right Stephen Miller was having that
debate with Jim Acosta about the Statue
of Liberty and immigrants right and so
Acosta was like hey bring me your tired
your poor like what the Statue of
Liberty says they got into a
disagreement Steve Miller said no no
that was added later as if that's
relevant and so the alt-right thought
that VOC I mean this is how crazy they
are they thought vogue did that cover as
some sort of like attack
against the alt-right and it was like
some sort of comment on immigration
little did they know that they actually
shot that cover a month before that
exchange occurred okay you guys are
insane you guys are crazy and that's why
no one wants to sleep with you if you
like this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
