the probe into possible Russia collusion
between Russian officials and the Trump
administration continues and if you are
following the story at all you know that
there are many lawyers involved in fact
lawyers have lawyers in this case and it
is insane and so the recent update on
this whole issue has to do with the
lawyers feuding with one another and
disagreeing with how to proceed with
requests for documents and cooperation
in order for the Special Counsel to
complete its investigation now
interestingly enough Tyco AAB one of the
White House lawyers involved in this
case was at a steak house in DC that's
well known for its you know appeal to
New York Times reporters usually New
York Times reporters are there they're
eating they're talking and so if you're
going to have a steak there if you're
going to have a meeting there it's
probably best to not discuss
confidential information or confidential
issues within the White House but that's
what Ty Cobb did he was there with John
Dowd who is Trump's personal attorney
and there were New York Times reporters
present they did overhear parts of that
conversation and we're gonna give you
the details right now
now Cobb has argued for turning over as
many of the emails and documents
requested by the special counsel as
possible in hopes of quickly ending the
investigation or at least its focus on
mr. Trump
apparently ty Cobbs take on how to
proceed is very different from Donald
Magan who is another one of the lawyers
who actually wants to keep a tighter
grip on these documents so the White
House counsel's office is being very
conservative with this stuff
Ty Cobb was overheard saying our view is
were not hiding anything referring to
mr. McGann he added he's got a couple
documents locked in a safe mr. McGann
supports cooperation but has expressed
worry about setting a precedent that
would weaken the white house long after
mr. Trump's tenure is over now I find it
super strange that Ty Cobb would have
this open conversation at an
establishment that everyone knows is you
know it's like a clubhouse
for the New York Times right so it's
it's he knew that and the fact that he's
loudly talking about what's going on
well you know in regard to this
investigation disagreements among the
lawyers is really strange to me at you
think it's like a deliberate leak well
you would if you saw in a movie you
wouldn't believe dad that would never
happen yeah right it would be too
over-the-top to force something like
that but what possible benefit is there
in leaking what is an argument over how
forthcoming they should want because it
because they when white houses fracture
you want to get press support for one
side because once the the the wave of
support goes to one side within the
white house it banishes the other side
and he seems to think that this is
exactly how they should listen to what
he has to say not what Don began has to
say in this case and so if you get a
tide of pressure behind a popular
pressure behind it it could work in
there in their favor I mean it's it's
really smart inside baseball with Ty
Cobb but it's it's inside baseball but
it's it's it's important enough to the
White House that this is tearing them
apart right now and Ken Vogel has said
that I mean it was in his writing that
they are really divided on this and this
is going to be the the what either
floats or doesn't float this
administration so it's very very serious
at the same time right and and also keep
in mind that you know Ty Cobb was also
sitting in the outdoor seating area of
the steakhouse where everyone walking by
can see him like it just seemed and by
the way this is speculation this is
based on you know my perception of what
went on but it seems as though he was
deliberately having this discussion
knowing that there were reporters nearby
listening in on what he had to say you
know it's absurd well first of all I
love our graphic big mistake yeah but uh
II a cave but I by the way to have Ty
Cobb in the story and not go with the
baseball banner I think that's pretty
impressive and and kudos to anyone who's
behind that because it's so easy to you
know yeah you're right they have to lay
off a lot of baseball reference's but
but when somebody's name tag Cobb in the
story but why not I mean again just to
push back on you guys why not leak
everything the way you've leaked to
everything else I mean I
always feel as though there's a certain
elegance being ascribed to this
administration in terms of everything
they do strategically that doesn't exist
there's been nothing elegant about this
this crew since the beginning Trump and
his henchmen are they have these poor
ways of doing things everything from
policy to staffing and even when it
comes to release of information they're
usually at odds the president's tweeting
one thing and then a spokesperson has to
correct it so I just feel as though this
is way too I understand you could say
well this is pretty clunky too they're
going to a steak house and you know
speaking up and kind of a stage whisper
to New York Times reporters but still it
strikes me as why not just leaked it the
way they've linked everything else
because Ty Cobb was brought in to do
something different he's not named on
McGann's been with Donald Trump now
throughout the campaign and since the
the genesis of this White House and and
Ty Cobb has it now Ty Cobb's there and
he's he wants to do things differently
because they're scared things have not
gone well and this investigation is
serious
we're gonna go to delis all over DC and
the way to do it you know that's an
elegant - I mean there's yeah exactly I
mean I don't think anyone's making the
case that this was an elegant way of
leaking anything but again I I don't
think that Ty Cobb is a stupid person
like I think he knew what he was doing
and you're in a place where you have
reporters all around you you're speaking
about something incredibly sensitive
just to give you a sense of what else
was overheard during this conversation
between Cobb and Dowd according to the
New York Times mr. Cobb was her talking
about a White House lawyer he deemed a
Magan spy and saying mr. McGann had a
couple documents locked in a safe that
he seemed to suggest he wanted access to
he also mentioned a colleague whom he
blamed for some of their earlier leaks
and who he said tried to push Jared as
in Jared Kushner out so look I think
more than anything this continues the
theme of infighting within the White
House now you have lawyers you know are
disagreeing with one another arguing
with one another and doing so in an
incredibly public fashion and of course
Cobb was kind of asked about the
statements that he made
then of course he replied with oh no no
thank trust me McGann's great we love
him I'm paraphrasing but you know just
totally walking back the comments that
he made and and you know the reporters
overhead when the ship goes down which I
suspect it will you're gonna want to be
able if you're ty cobb you're gonna want
to be able to say see I told them they
should have done that you know there's a
little self-preservation that's going on
from everyone in this White House right
now well certainly the message that you
that Ty Cobb wants to get out is hey I
want to release everything and you know
right well I guys clean right so but but
you look you guys make a very good
argument perhaps it was deliberate and
as you say maybe it's not as though it
was like a perfect secret operation it
almost could be viewed as sort of
another clunky way to really so perhaps
you're only very very worst argument
that anyone can ever make is Dom began
saying you know I'm not doing this to
preserve you know I'm doing it to
preserve the presidency going forward as
long as you hear somebody say that you
know they're just completely full of it
and that is the argument that dawn
McGann is making right now and you read
it and and he said it and yeah elissa he
said hey we can the White House long
after mr. Trump's tenure is over you
know there's no White House staffer who
cares about the next president at all
this whole we have to care I mean I just
don't believe that I mean yes there are
seasoned political professionals who
respected the position and the glory of
the White House not a lot of them are
gonna do this no I was gonna say but if
you really care that's where if you
really cared about the the White House
going forward you wouldn't have worked
your ass off for a year and a half to
get Donald Trump elected which is what
Dom McGann did so that's just a crock
and also keep in mind that some of these
lawyers are now being called to testify
they have hired lawyers of their own
right in response to that and so there's
a ton of lawyers involved in what's
going on it's it's a little bit of a
mess watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it anyway you like a TYT Network
comm /join
