Trump's former national security adviser
Michael Flynn is now setting up a legal
defense fund because the legal bills
pertaining to the investigation that
he's facing not just by special counsel
Muller but also by the Pentagon has
become so expensive that he needs some
help paying some of those bills so his
siblings Joe Flynn and Barbara Redgate
say the costs have placed quote a
tremendous financial burden on our
brother Mike and his family and are
becoming more than he can afford and so
when they set up the fund they made it
clear that they would not be receiving
or accepting any donations from
anonymous individuals or from foreign
governments or foreign individuals which
is hilarious because the whole reason
why Flynn is in this mess to begin with
is that he worked for foreign countries
received foreign payments and then
failed to disclose those payments the
Defense Fund also indicates that the
enormous expense of attorneys fees and
other expenses far exceeded their
ability to pay to help ensure that he
can defend himself we have set up a
legal defense fund and we are asking
Mike's supporters veterans and all
people of goodwill to contribute
whatever amount they can to this fund so
just to give you guys a little bit of a
refresher in terms of why Michael Flynn
is in so much trouble
so I went back and I looked at all the
different you know issues with funds
that he accepted from foreign
governments so first of all he was paid
more than 65 thousand dollars by
companies connected to Russia in 2015
alone and this was all part of a company
that he owned known as Flynn Intel Group
Inc along with his son by the way who is
now also part of this investigation
65,000 just interrupt you know Michael
Flynn that's not a lot of money so keep
listening by the way these are all
payments that he received but did not
disclose so it's a it's a big problem
especially when you go through you know
confirmation order yourself an out there
that's impossible by the word just
saying it was such a big problem that
they dumped Michael Flynn this
administration they don't dump anybody
for you know working the edges if you
want to be
and so that they dumped him please
continue yeah so he also received funds
from a company tied to the Turkish
government and wrote a pro air21 that's
the leader of Turkey Pro air to one
piece in the hill on Election Day
now that was particularly amazing
because early on he was actually very
critical of air Dewan and what's going
on in Turkey right now you know there
are people who are arguing hey Turkey
was much more secular everyone comes in
and he starts pushing for more you know
Islamist policies and you know extremist
ideas and so he was critical of air21
before and then all of a sudden he
starts receiving payments from the
Turkish government or organizations tied
to the Turkish government and he writes
this op-ed piece in the hill saying like
oh no we gotta protect everyone he's
great okay we got to go after Gulen
who's a you know a Turkish guy who's in
the United States and is very much
against air Dewan and Turkey is trying
to get Gulen into Turkey so they can
make him face some consequences Flynn
also received five hundred thirty
thousand dollars in similar lobbying
work prior to the election that he did
not disclose this is lobbying work for
other governments not for the United
States
he was also paid forty five thousand
dollars to give a talk at an RT gala
that's Russia today he didn't disclose
this payment when applying for security
clearance which again is something that
you are supposed to do by law so he
broke all of these laws based on what we
know so far obviously he hasn't been
convicted of anything yet and I find it
so funny especially if you think back to
the RNC and this speech that he gave
knock her up that's right
yeah that's right lock her own
I'm gonna tell you it's unbelievable
unbelievable Rock the rough Locker up
guys are good
damn right yeah exactly right there's
nothing wrong with that
you know why we're saying that we're
saying that because if I a guy who knows
this business if I did 1/10 1/10 of what
she did I would be in jail today
how about times turn what would it be
then Yeah right
vitriol you can that is what strikes me
in addition to you know it being
manifestly untrue right he knows what
the hell he's he asked me when to hear
but I love that's a great stuff but but
the vitriol that hate that we saw on the
campaign trail didn't there it was I
mean he just cranked the burner up to
high yeah he did he did and it's you
know in retrospect you I mean obviously
you watch that speech and it's just such
a clear example of projection you know
to say lock her up when you yourself
have received your Ford agent he had to
register as a foreign agent okay you're
receiving money from foreign governments
and you are allowing that influence to
you know to change the way that you
write your op eds to kind of influence
American politics based on the money
you're receiving from other countries
now you're a bought and paid for a pen
that's right and that's an issue and so
look when I say he broke these laws I
should have said allegedly broke these
laws because again he hasn't been
convicted of anything yet but based on
what we know so far it's not looking
good for him no it hasn't looked good
for a while and and yeah that was one of
the most I've seen a lot of convention
speeches in my dull life and I I would
have to say that was one of the most
jarring speeches I mean we were there we
were there you were there no no I was
nervous and I just couldn't believe that
speech when I heard it and now I love
watching it I love watching when these
people are caught for being exactly who
they are and yeah I think that
something's gonna happen where they're
gonna lock him up and we're gonna play
that and it's just gonna be well Jimmy
it's fraud it's hypocrisy now the
question of locking him up you know he
could even be
he could make some kind of plea
agreement of course I still think
wouldn't wouldn't the president
intercede to make sure that he doesn't
actually get locked well but you can't
intercede until there's something of our
gun at which to inter see yes but that
you would presume to you know it depends
would the president intercede not if the
way that Michael Flynn gets out of this
is by talking about what the president
did do and did no to Robert Mullins
right so he might not be somebody if the
president wants to intercede on behalf
of and I think that's a big part of it
and remember Flynn had suggested that he
would cooperate and that he would you
know disclose some details that
investigators wanted to know if he was
granted full immunity they refused to
give him full immunity and so you know
obviously things are a little different
as a result of that but what I also find
interesting is that he continues to
plead the fifth you know he refuses to
testify your you know refuses to give
any statements and really cooperate with
the investigation
but Muller has found ways around that by
getting businesses and going to his
associates and it's closing in on
Michael Flynn so he's got a trail of
checks from foreign governments that
alone would just absolutely encircle him
and put him in real jeopardy illegally
Elvis built independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
