Donald Trump has suggested on several
occasions that he plans on scrapping the
nuclear deal that the United States made
with Iran of course this has to do with
Iran enrich enriching uranium and how a
deal was struck during the Obama
administration between the u.s. and Iran
to kind of scrap that enrichment program
now Donald showed the Republicans
haven't liked that program they believe
that the US has received the short end
of the stick in fact here's Trump
explaining just that in the next video
I don't think Iran is in compliance we
wrote them a very tough letter to D as
you know to the Congress I personally
don't think they're in compliance but we
have time and we're going to see we also
put down a lot of defaults or potential
default situations I don't think they're
living up to the spirit of the agreement
I think it's a horrible agreement but
they are not in compliance with the
agreement and they are certainly not in
the spirit of the agreement in
compliance and I think you'll see some
very strong things taking place if they
don't get themselves in compliance okay
so they are in compliance that's
according to the UN's nuclear watchdog
which is obviously keeping up keeping an
eye on this and I just I never
understood why Republicans have been
against this is it because they want to
invade Iran like do they want another
war is that what they're calling for
because they did exactly what we asked
them to do they've been doing exactly
what we asked them to do so let me give
you the details first of all keep in
mind that the US has just extended
sanctions relief for Iran as part of the
2015 nuclear agreement which Trump is
described as the worst deal ever okay so
we imposed sanctions on Iran because of
the fact that they were enriching
uranium then we came to a deal where
they would stop enriching uranium for
nuclear purposes and we would get to do
all sorts of things like constantly
check in on them and make sure that
they're not hiding an enrichment program
that we're unaware of the next major
deadline comes in October when Trump
will decide whether to certify that Iran
is complying with the agreement known as
the
joint comprehensive plan of action if he
does not Congress has 60 days to decide
whether to reimpose sanctions waived
under the deal now under this Iran deal
just to give you some details and let
you know just how invasive it is for
Iran and again they are complying Iran
is required to provide inspectors from
the UN's nuclear watchdog access to
monitor it's declared nuclear facilities
every 90 days the US President must
certify to Congress that Iran is keeping
up its end of the deal
and again the International Atomic
Energy Agency the UN's nuclear watchdog
says Iran is complying with its
commitments under the deal including
inspections what is the issue why do we
keep going back to criticizing the Iran
nuclear deal I mean if if you want to
invade it and you want to go to war then
I can see why you don't like it but if
they're complying and they're not
enriching their uranium for nuclear use
then what is the issue well the the
issue was that it happened beforehand
before we ever started and Netanyahu in
in order to have his friendship from the
very beginning he said this is a bad
deal he said it all throughout Latin
America leading up to this United
Nations General Assembly he will say it
again he does not like the deal he
doesn't like the fact that he no it's
not no no he doesn't like the family he
thinks that that it imperils Israel's
security which you have to give him
credit for saying if you're the
president of a country you want your
country to be secure but his reasoning
for saying that is okay once it expires
that is the Iran can go out and make
more nuclear warheads and it doesn't go
on in perpetuity what's fine but every
deal is like that right right and the
point is that if they're not doing it
and they're becoming part of the world
community and things are gonna go in a
proper direction they wouldn't be that
wouldn't be something they want it's a
deal for Iran to they're getting
something for it they're not just giving
it up for for nothing and the other part
of this that's so absurd when you hear
Trump say these things he can't just end
it this is the p5 plus 1 there are other
countries involved in this this is a six
nation endeavor so because he loves
Netanyahu because Netanyahu loved
kushnir and because Trump wants to do
everything like mark just said that is
against what Obama did from start to
finish that that's his motivation here
it all goes back to being made fun of if
you ask me and I've said it before at
the White House Correspondents Dinner
and being mocked he didn't like that and
so everything he's done in the White
House has been motivated in a little way
by that there's no question that he
can't do this on his own
but he does have Netanyahu in his corner
and Netanyahu's being vocal and they
don't want it because Israel think that
it's a danger to them real quick the
reason why Iran agreed to this nuclear
deal was because the sanctions that we
imposed were crippling them right and so
they were so desperate to lift those
sanctions that they agreed to this deal
and so if the fear is okay well what
happens when the time limit of this deal
runs out then you impose sanctions if
they start enriching uranium again I'm
saying like why why is that so different
like Netanyahu's response or or his
perspective is like let's go get them
but no like Iran continues to fund
Hezbollah
that's also part of you know making a
deal with Iran for Netanyahu is a black
and white person right yeah that that's
insufferable which is himself if you're
Israel your view of Iran is different
we're not Israel we are the USA and
we're dealing with a president who
clearly if he sees Obama's fingerprints
on anything wants no part of it and he
wants to undo it and there's something
else going on here that you'll recognize
is familiar and that is that that Trump
rhetoric which got him such attention on
the stump that this is a lousy deal as a
Ron deal as awful this is the Obamacare
is a terrible terrible deal
terrible legislation I kept it he drew
exactly Anna's right he has no idea what
this Iran deal if he had watched a few
episodes of TYT he'd know more than he
does now because we've broke it down for
you but Anna's right they're so
motivated Iran to stay on the straight
and narrow as far as this goes because
the economic sanctions were tough
sanctions to work this is a great
example of that fact and so I don't
understand I understand the tough
rhetoric cuz that's all he does and that
appeals to his base and all of that crap
but you're right this this sort of it
borders on sabre-rattling that he does I
think he feels empowered by it in the
moment but the damage is significant and
in this case it has the additional
virtue of not very any relationship to
what's going on as you say Iran actually
is already following this deal that's
right and so if if Trump matched his
tough talk with details of what he
believes is bad about this deal then
maybe I'll be a little more receptive to
it right but it doesn't even seem like
he knows what the deal entails
he's never specific about it all he does
is tear it apart and say that it's a bad
deal but bad deal for whom like we're
getting exactly what we want which is
Iran stopping their nuclear program so
what more do you want and and again look
his his rhetoric has real ramifications
because the way he's handled North Korea
so far you know has led to fears that
things are gonna escalate things are
gonna get bad with North Korea we could
potentially engage in some sort of
nuclear war with North Korea and and the
fact that he is handling Iran in a
similar fashion after they've complied
with us is discouraging and it makes me
worry about what the future holds cuz we
can't get involved in another war you
know they had a president Iran who was
sort of a Donald Trump ish character
exactly I can Benito John would go on
with this stuff Israel Israel should be
driven into the sea and all the Jews
with it and all this kind of thing and
he had very tough to talk toward America
as well and what we did was we sort of
realized after a while that we could
compartmentalize him that he didn't
recognized by the people of Iran
certainly as the guy who really knew
what he was talking about it even by the
government of Iran he was sort of this
guy who was sort of like the drunk uncle
on Thanksgiving so I'm wondering if
Trump can't also find his way to that
place at least in terms of the
international rhetoric yeah but foreign
nations can't impact the way we think as
much here as we did in Iran and turn
over to appealing to the moderates there
although you know
I would think that the foreign ridicule
would resonate with some people here but
it doesn't you know so I I don't know it
would be great because that the analogy
is strong but I don't see it happening
here in the same way that it happened
there and and you're right though I mean
that that's something to remember is
that they got a new a new leader and
Netanyahu and the way that Israel looks
at that now you make a good point I mean
that we are different than Israel you
know Israel does have they're very very
legitimate reasons for not trusting
anything that Iran does at any time we
on the other hand are different we are
the ones that are looking over all of
these inspections who are part and
parcel of why it happened and I think
that that that's the best point of this
panel is the one you made mark because
we have to look at this totally
differently and can't be paused they
love they love to control the way we
think other leaders and with Trump
Russia is able to do it Israel is able
to do it keep watching you know right
and also just keep in mind that Trump
claimed that he was all about America
first right this non interventionist
foreign policy idea that he hasn't
followed through on at all in fact he
escalated drone strikes in the Middle
East he escalated not just Bush era
policies but Obama era policies in
regard to what's going on in the Middle
East you were fighting Saudi Arabia's
war in Yemen I mean how many of our
resources are we gonna go ahead and
utilize for wars that we shouldn't be
involved in and that's what I'm
concerned about here right I get it
Israel has legitimate concerns we're not
Israel right now Iran is following
through with their portion of the deal
and I don't know what Trump is gonna
plan on doing in October when that
decision needs to be made but I do want
to hear from Hassan rouhani who is the
president of Iran during an interview
here's what he had to say about the
potential of the u.s. reneging on the
Iran nuclear deal we are against any
type of weapons of mass destruction as
well as a nuclear weapons and we believe
that they must be destroyed throughout
the world
our opinions our positions are clear
arms races are not acceptable to us in
any region and we see that as extremely
dangerous let's go to graphic 13 he also
said exiting such an agreement would
carry a high cost for the United States
of America and I do not believe
Americans would be willing to pay such a
high cost for something that will be
useless for them so I mean I agreed like
pulling out would be useless I think
that it would be counterproductive he
made a great point too in regards to
North Korea he talked a little later
about North Korea and he said listen if
the world sees that the United States
does this with a deal as they're doing
threatening to do with Iran now why
would North Korea sit down with them why
would any country why would Syria and
Myanmar why would these countries get
into deals with the United States if all
they're gonna do is turn around renege
once you're complying with it sure and
we're already seen that way this just in
America guarantees your security we go
in with troops and then what happens
when the going gets rough and we've
milked the situation for as much as we
can we pull out and and we reviewed
widely that way I mean we've let down
countries all across the world now I
would argue we shouldn't have been there
to begin with but that's a totally
different conversation but my point is
simply in terms of the way America's
perceive Michaels right this agreement
could be seen in the same way that
future agreements can be seen which is
as worthless and and by the way it can
work the other way sure we'll agree to
something with the United States because
we know you guys aren't serious about it
and you know and we don't need to be
serious about it either oh that was the
last guy you know we don't have we don't
have any intention of following through
in this agreement so it's bad business
policy and if Trump were really a
business man and we know he's not he's
just a brand and he's just a
tough-talking vacuous dude who's managed
to skate his way into office if you were
really a businessman he'd know the value
of following through on these contracts
it's a it's it makes no sense on any
level support independent media come
join us to the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
