Spain's foreign minister recently
disclosed a conversation that he had
with Donald Trump in regard to an
immigration crisis that Spain is dealing
with and so apparently Trump recommended
that Spain build a border wall across
the Sahara Desert to stem the
Mediterranean migrant crisis looks just
note for the record that the Sahara
Desert is not in Spain Donald Trump no
okay but it gets it gets better so
according to Jose por el who is the anis
foreign minister Trump brushed off
concerns about the plans feasibility
claiming that the Sahara border can't be
bigger than our border with Mexico but
it is ok he's like well of course the
Sahara cannot be bigger than our border
with nice why is it of course Google it
you have a thousand advisers hey go play
what's bigger they'll look it up for you
right away
ok so let's give you guys some numbers
so the us-mexico border is about 2,000
miles long while the Sahara Desert
stretches an estimated 3,000 miles
across 11 countries in northern Africa
so Spain has influence over two of those
countries but what do you do with the
other night I mean even if you assume
Spain can absolutely control the two
countries they have influence over right
but somehow Spain should build a 3,000
mile boat wall because people are dying
to get into the Sahara Desert across 11
countries they don't control yeah but
that's Trump's solution for everything
you know what I'm saying
he's like Oprah giving out cars but
except he's giving out walls right or
proposing walls like you know which
space should do they should build that
wall and make Mexico pay for can you
imagine
I could imagine yes I could I could
imagine anything he said it's feasible
just build the wall and then Mexico whoa
look they'll be happy to pay for that
wall it's going to be a really strong
wall because people are dying to get
into the middle of the desert it's gonna
be a beautiful tremendous wall okay or
what they could do Spain in order to
keep out the migrants said from Africa
that Donald Trump is really worried
about why is it even your business right
but anyway they could build a giant moat
like like a lot of water
big wood big water strong ocean water
that's tremendously wet Trump would know
a thing or two about tremendously wet
water but from the standpoint of water
okay so they can build all that water
and they could and have that water be
between Spain and Africa and then they
could call it the Mediterranean mmm or
they could build a 3,000 mile wall in
the middle of Africa to keep people out
of the Saharan desert on the go don't
worry we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
