ProPublica did an investigation into
facebook ads and the different
categories that people looking to
advertise their products or services can
list their ads under now keep in mind
that these categories are usually
generated through an algorithm and that
algorithm has to do with what people
list as their interests on Facebook now
let's see what ProPublica found until
this week when we asked Facebook about
it the world's largest social network
enabled advertisers to direct their
pitches to the news feeds of almost 2300
people who expressed interest in the
topics of jew-hater
how to burn Jews or history of why Jews
ruin the world so those were actual ad
categories on Facebook that advertisers
could click on if they want to target
certain groups of people okay so this
means that there are individuals out
there who listed those things as their
interests what are you guys doing that's
that's like the craziest thing I've ever
heard in my life
and I mean even if you want to cut them
every benefit of the doubt that they
didn't do enough diligence or what I
mean you've got to catch that man this
you can't I mean you guys have billions
upon billions of dollars you can't in
any way allow that on your on your site
and now what are they gonna do of course
they're gonna do an overreaction so if
you say Jewish should anything on your
profile page they're gonna demolish it
or whatever right no no I'm running a
synagogue yeah whatever I'm just being
safe no no no do your job do your job
it's insane that you had categories like
that and I'd be very curious who
advertise on those right so oh so okay
that is unclear because remember this is
just an investigation that unveiled
these categories right and those
categories again are created by an
algorithm based on what people list as
their interests on their Facebook
profiles now of course the investigative
reporters here wanted to test this to
make sure that those categories did in
fact exist and so here's what ProPublica
writes about that to test if these
categories were real we paid $30 to
target those groups with three promoted
posts in which a Pro Publica article or
post was displayed in their news feeds
Facebook approved all three ads within
15 minutes okay so after we contacted
Facebook it removed the anti-semitic
categories which were created by the
algorithm rather than by people Pro
Publica continues to write in all
likelihood the ad categories that were
spotted were automatically generated
because people had listed those
anti-semitic themes on their Facebook
profiles as an interest an employer or a
field of study Facebook's algorithm
automatically transforms people's
declared interests into advertising
categories that doesn't really sound
like a sophisticated model you know
considering how huge Facebook is and how
successful it is I feel like they need
to come up with a better model like I
hear you it's it's better to have
algorithms take charge instead of hiring
more people to do things properly but
there's got to be a happy medium it's
like when you when you walk into a bank
and all of the people are like so happy
to see you and you get that bank account
and then you never speak to a person
again and from that moment on that's how
Facebook is my my life page I've been
locked out of it I've been hacks and
I've emailed Facebook over a hundred
times and I always get an automated
response because they don't there aren't
people behind it anymore it's an
algorithm like they say our algorithms
to connect with a human being that works
there you have to be Russian okay so all
right look let me defend algorithms a
little bit and and give given what I
consider to be a balanced look so they
need algorithms so you can't just you
can't hire enough people to track what
do they have 1.6 billion users now and
see about all the content that 1.6
billion people create cuz they're not
just doing one thing you're doing
multiple things usually per day on
Facebook so I don't think people are
making a case that you shouldn't have
algorithms
of course you go right and so
everybody's aware of that but there's
there's some stuff they that it's
incumbent upon them to serve their
customers better that they have put a
human touch on so is it to say that
algorithm shouldn't never create add
categories I wouldn't even say that but
should you have a number of employees
scouring that to make sure that they're
appropriate yeah I think that they would
probably concede now yes that was a
massive mistake yeah so that I think
that would be a good middle ground if
you want to rely on the algorithms to
create these add categories that's fine
but you need at least like a small group
of people to oversee this process and
just periodically type in words like Jew
hate or whatever it is that these
terrible people list is their interest
on their freaking Facebook profile Jesus
Christ people are vicious just make sure
that you you know look through this
stuff and make sure that there's nothing
you know objectionable or racist
whatever it is yeah yeah and so guys
we're not asking Facebook to look
through everybody's baby pictures is it
objectionable not objectionable or their
pose is it objectionable not
objectionable there's plenty of
objectionable stuff on Facebook that's
life but the add categories although
they could be significant they've got to
be a manageable number that human beings
can actually eyeball because if you
think you just get rid of the three
anti-semitic ones down problems like I
can assure you it's not you think
there's not Muslim hater out there you
know they're so crazy though through
this investigation Pro Publica did not
find the same type of add categories for
Muslims they found the the anti-semitic
stuff but not the Islamophobic stuff yes
so that and and maybe there isn't maybe
they've ever gotten around to it and
it's not a day it's an algorithm and
again it's just that Mark Zuckerberg
runs Facebook they didn't bright on
purpose Jew hater it was it was a
computer that did it we're looking for
better safeguards okay so uh you you
know I don't know the ProPublica looked
at every single thing you know on race
on on all the different categories and I
and it is possible that they miss stuff
too
so if they didn't find anything in my
Islamophobia great awesome I'm surprised
but wonderful right but and by the way
you know hate crimes are tracked and we
think hey you know they spiked on on
Muslims and they did and Latinos and yes
that's true but oftentimes still leading
in those categories is anti-semitic
attacks and that never goes away and you
look a look at it now I mean you wanna
there's this there aren't that many
conspiracy theories about how the Hindus
are on the world or the Muslims around
the world they're like Muslims are bad
they're terrible they're by their nature
this that etc right whether they run the
world yeah not really
right but the the thing about the Jews
running the world and the banks and the
media and thinking that all that stuff
never goes away and it's apparently so
prevalent the algorithms like boy this
is really popular so you got a
safeguarded man you can't and then in
terms of the interactions that people
have you're not alone Ida in in having
that frustration with not being able to
reach a human oh man and and look I know
that they can't run after 1.6 billion
people is they might have a higher 1.6
Bill but at the same time there's got to
be a little bit better way so that
people aren't pulling their hair out
when something goes wrong and and they
can't get a response so it's it's a
giant enterprise and giant problems that
work but we got to start tackling these
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
