all of a sudden Donald Trump seems to be
very cozy with some Democrats
specifically Democratic leadership like
Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer in fact just
yesterday he announced that he came to a
you know negotiation or a deal with the
Democrats in regard to daca and what to
do moving forward and of course
Republicans are furious about this
including his base now why why is he
working with Democrats all of a sudden
well here's the official reason that he
gave take a look sometimes to get things
through
we got very poorly treated on the health
care plan now you see what's happening
or people are going single-payer exactly
what I said would happen and single
payer would be a terrible thing for a
country we have to get things passed and
if we can't get things past that we have
to go a different route okay so that
sounds like all right he's frustrated
with Republicans but maybe he's
realizing in order to get things done
you have to reach across the aisle you
need to actually negotiate and come up
with deals that way but no it turns out
that he's actually pretty furious with
Republicans who refuse to agree with him
or Republicans who just aren't afraid of
him Republicans like senator Susan
Collins who refused to vote in favor of
repealing and replacing the Affordable
Care Act John McCain who refused to vote
in favor of the Republican plan to
replace the Affordable Care Act and so
we have those little tidbits and then
Robert Costa all of a sudden tweets
something that I think is very relevant
to this story he also pointed to a June
27th Washington Post article he co-wrote
which Trump apparently hated and the
title of that was who's afraid of Trump
not enough Republicans at least for now
although so let's break this down he's a
child
so look look if you're a Republican
hear me out so it and let me give credit
to a Fox News host Chris Wallace and I
saw him say this and it was a really
good point he's like look if he's trying
to put pressure on the Republicans hey
you better do a deal with me otherwise
I'm gonna go to Democrats and do a deal
with them he's like okay there's some
logic in it and I agree with that I
believe in playing hardball in politics
he said but to what end
great question okay so think it through
so if you say hey Trump is saying hey if
you're asking for too much in tax cuts
Republicans
I'm gonna go strike a deal with the
conservative Democrats I'm still gonna
get tax cuts but I'm gonna get two
trillion in tax cuts instead of the
seven trillion you're asking for because
I can't pass the seven trillion because
you're being unreasonable so I'm gonna
do this instead I'm gonna get something
accomplished okay that would be a fair
way to do it I think that that makes
sense now I would hate that I don't want
the serve Democrats to work with him I
don't want any tax cuts but I would
understand that strategy but instead
here he's saying oh yeah bleep mad at
you why aren't you why aren't you just
scared of me somewhere
with the Democrats and I'm gonna pass
their priorities now I'm very happy
about that
okay good keep the dreamers in the
country and don't build a wall I'm
thrilled with that conclusion but to
what end what did you accomplish like so
he has no ideology no idea yes he has no
principles yeah he doesn't care yes so
he's if you say to him kick or kick out
all the dreamers keep all the dreamers
he is indifferent so he's like I just
wanna make a deal
Who am I making to deal with and who's
who's fluffing me and who's not flopping
me oh you know scared of me or Jo Chuck
come on Chuck and Nancy right that's who
Donald Trump is so we already knew that
and if you're a right winger welcome to
reality it has a way of catching up with
you that's who Donald Trump is and and
look there are people on the right who
supported him vehemently and now all of
a sudden they are not so supportive and
Coulter wrote an entire book about how
much she trusts him in Trump we trust
didn't work out so well and you know I
was curious what some of the you know
somewhat reasonable people on the right
are thinking about what's going on so I
listened to Ben Shapiro's podcast on
this issue
Dokka specifically and he actually made
a lot of great points that I think some
people on the right do subscribe to
again he doesn't have an ideology he was
a registered Democrat for decades and
then he's running as a Republican but
who is he really loyal to has he has he
ever ever proven that he has fought
through any of his positions ever has he
ever proven that he's thought through a
tweet before he's tweeted it
he doesn't think there was a thing to
him this was a power game right a power
game that could potentially help him pay
back some money that he owes to Russia
right now that's a little bit of
speculation let's keep it real but this
was never about caring about the
American people or passing policies that
he believes in as N is principled in
it's about power and so he will go back
and forth and he is a wild card we said
it during the election and he has proven
to be a wild card and if you know some
Republicans were upset but
or they will continue to get even more
upset as he continues to throw some of
them under the bus just so he can
maintain his power and he didn't change
his principles he never had anybody nos
and so if you thought he was your friend
a lot of people thought that right
before they found themselves on the
underside of possessions yeah he thought
he was their friend yep and now he's
against Sessions and Steve King and and
culture and and now bright parts calling
him amnesty Don and and the reason for
that is he's like well all like I it was
evident that all I cared about was my
ego and now the Democrats are stroking
my ego and you're not so sad day for you
if you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
