Mexico plays host to roughly 35 million
tourists from around the world every
year and most of them come from the
United States tourism for the country
brings in more than 13 billion dollars
per year making it a vital part of the
Mexican economy in January of this year
a family from Wisconsin took a winter
vacation down in Cancun Mexico where the
family of four was hoping to enjoy warm
temperatures and beautiful beaches and
have a few drinks by the pool the
parents and their two children a 22 year
old son and a 20 year old daughter
stated a very well respected highly
recommended resort they had no reason to
suspect that they would leave the
country as a family of three but that's
exactly what happened during the trip
the two children decided to have a few
drinks in the hotel while their parents
got ready for dinner not long after that
they finished their drinks the two were
found around the pool completely blacked
out the daughter Abby Connor was
facedown in the pool the pair were
immediately rushed to the hospital where
Abby awoke ultimately died a few days
after that people might be quick to
blame the victims here maybe she drank
too much and couldn't control herself
but that's not what happened at all
there wasn't even enough timespans for
that to happen it was revealed that the
alcohol that Abby and her brother had
been drinking was counterfeit it was it
was basically a toxin it had been made
primarily with ethanol or common
ingredient in both rubbing alcohol and
paint thinners after Abby's story went
public countless other American tourists
came forward to reveal that they too had
blacked out after ingesting only small
amounts of alcohol while visiting
resorts in Mexico more than 1.4 million
gallons of tainted alcohol have been
seized in Mexico since 2010 some of the
counterfeit alcohol is said to contain
pure
industrial ethanol again that's an
ingredient used in rubbing alcohol the
problem of counterfeit alcohol has
gotten so bad that the US State
Department had to issue a travel
advisory warning American citizens about
the dangers of consuming alcohol while
vacationing in Mexico Mexican
authorities have promised to crack down
on the sellers of this poison that's
being served at tours but so far the
problem doesn't
look like it's going to resolve itself
anytime soon as a matter of fact the
Mexican government Mexican government
has interfered with this story being
told because they will want to interrupt
the tourism that's coming down to these
very exclusive resorts but the truth is
it's a story you need to know about go
online find out more about this bigger
bigger story that's growing every day as
we find out more and more about what's
been happening just across the border
