alright guys breaking news and it is
unfortunate North Korea fires a missile
over Japan South Korea says just hours
after threatening to sink the island
nation and Japan Japan's defenses were
triggered I mean I mean it doesn't mean
that they fired back that they were just
gave a warning you know and had their
defense ready to go and one of these
days those idiots in North Korea are
gonna try to fire a missile over Japan
and they're gonna fuck up and it's gonna
hit Japan and then we're gonna have
fuckin out out of control
horrific goddamn war so we would keep
stirring that hornet's nest and they
keep stirring that hornet's nest and Kim
jong-un is a spoiled little fucker who
has never earned anything in his life
and he's a megalomaniac and he thinks
there's no consequences
fuck man if they accidentally hit
someone Japan Guam South Korea there's
gonna be consequences and it's gonna be
for all of us it's it's a disaster
waiting to happen you know the hydrogen
bomb they just exploded 17 times the
size of the bomb we dropped on Hiroshima
Wow they have that capably
and Hiroshima killed a hundred thousand
people the bomb in Hiroshima and it's 17
times stronger now the missiles they're
firing don't have nukes on them so okay
but they do have the nukes and they do
have conventional missiles so god help
us all
this is really bad qit membership gets
you commercial free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
