student loan debt continues to be a huge
economic burden for people in the US and
as a result now there are certain
financial organizations that are trying
to encourage employers to offer student
loan debt payments as a benefit so
fidelity is an example of that fidelity
investments just recently introduced a
program that will let employers make
regular payments to their employees
student loan accounts much the way
companies already pay into their workers
401ks or healthcare savings accounts so
a spokesperson at fidelity said the
following we've seen big demand for a
benefit like this from both large
companies and small it's a significant
tool that can be used to recruit new
employees and retain existing ones so
right now the workforce is you know
increasingly becoming concerned with
benefits and some people are even
putting off investing in 401ks or
retirement plans just so they can pay
off their student loan debt and so I
love that fidelity investments realize
that hey maybe there's a tool that we
can provide for employers and it could
be a good tool to bring in you know
talented skillful workers so it's a good
program it is also a little bit of
optics it's a way to get Millennials to
be more incentivized to work for you
because that's their immediate need and
it's very real and it's it's significant
but it really doesn't help that much I
mean you could you could either give
them a higher salary or you can pay off
their student debt now what would help
is if the government passed a law saying
that employers can pay off that debt pre
taxes as they do with a 401 K so that
already exists for 401ks and that's why
people put into 401ks
because obviously if you've got you know
100 bucks as your salary and you and
you're gonna pay $30 of taxes on it or
whatever you pay twenty fifteen dollars
etc you're gonna have less money to put
into your 401k
after taxes so putting in pre taxes is
clearly an actual advantage and if you
did that for employers getting rid of
student debts for their employees that
would could be really beneficial but
that requires government action yeah it
does and that's not gonna happen
so that would require the government to
care about students that would that
would require the government to do
something anything anything it's helpful
to the public at all which you know it
seems unlikely and that's not just a
knock on the Trump administration there
was a lot of that in Congress during the
Obama administration as well so I don't
have a lot of hope for that anyway just
to give you a sense of like this is like
in its very early stages because there
aren't a lot of employers who are doing
this so I don't want to make it seem
like all employers are like falling over
each other trying to pay offs to people
that of course is not happening but it
is a tiny fraction of companies just
around four percent now offer student
loan repayment programs
the idea that you set up companies
falling all over each other the big I
gotta help you with student loan debt
please please let me help you we live in
America no one wants to help anyone
right
so buddy here getting good news that
it's at least a trend that has started
and those larger companies that have a
lot more resources have begun to realize
hey it's to our advantage to get these
smart employees and their that's why
they went to college and that's why they
have a ton of student loan debt and
maybe this is a good way to do it and if
the government can actually pass the law
it would actually be significantly
helpful rather than kind of shifting the
money around help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm slash join
