so drums today regarding daca late last
night the Democratic leader said that
they had struck a deal with Donald Trump
that he would in fact be in supporting
of dreamers and not demand the wall in
return whoa
so now lots of twists and turns in this
story and lots of backpedaling in a
little bit and lots of anger so let's
get to it let's give you the context
what a hot post on this one last week
Trump put the fates of hundreds of
thousands of dreamers up in the air by
rescinding the deferred action for
childhood arrivals program that's daca
which granted two year work permits and
deportation relief so those are folks
who were brought into the country when
they were kids
and so they did not make an active
decision and most of them have lived
here for all their lives and it looked
like Trump was going to send them
quote-unquote back to countries they'd
never even lived in as an adult there's
a new story today of someone who was two
years old when they were brought to the
country so but now the twist
like last night leading Democrats in
Congress said they had reached an
informal deal with the President on
legislation to help so-called dreamers
or undocumented young people who enter
the country as children more details
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said
on Wednesday that they had reached an
agreement was Trump to tie measures to
grant dreamers legal status to border
security measures but not to a wall joe
ROMs so right wing of course is about to
get furious hold first let me tell you
some of Donald Trump's equivocation when
asked about this and beginning to sense
the fury of the right he said well the
wall will come late oh they had a deal
they definitely had a deal so whether
he's gonna rescind it you'll see in a
second but look I've got more videos for
you guys let me show you what he told
reporters this morning as well look at
citizenship we're not looking at Avenue
allowing people to stay here we're
working with everybody Republican we're
working with Democrat I just spoke with
Paul Ryan he's looking for everybody is
on board they want to do something we're
not talking about amnesty we're talking
about we're talking about taking care of
people people that were brought here
people that have done a good job and
were not brought here of their own
volition the wall to me is vital if I
don't get the wall then we will become
the earth so he's already being to
backpedal there okay but he's explaining
I mean these people are good people they
were not brought here of their own
volition I know that's the thing we were
saying all so here's one more from that
clip
making this brand-new
we're doing a lot of renovation so we
met last night with that you know humor
Pelosi and a whole
I think we're fairly close but we have
to get massive water security
Paul Ryan's important we all feel
92% of the people agree andhaka
what
very very powerful border security no
the right wing is not part of that 92%
that agrees but did you hear him there
I mean wall did I say wall I mean
renovations a little fixer-upper right
maybe a fence like Hillary said anyway
he did I say wall I'm pretty sure you
said wall so-and-so is the right wing so
here comes a little bit that fury Ann
Coulter says at this point who doesn't
want Trump impeached Oh breathing fire
Steve King says Donald Trump if
Associated Press is correct
Trump base is blown up destroyed
irreparable and disillusion beyond
repair well that's what irreparable
means anyway no promise is credible oh
changes found that Donald Trump's a liar
you don't say
well that is news to us and then add to
Breitbart headline amnesty dawn dad
shots fired
so Trump sees this all over the news
this morning panics says a couple of
tweets that are usual Trump all over the
place let me read them to you he says no
deal was made last night on Dhaka
massive border security would have to be
agreed to an exchange for a consent
would be subject to vote okay now he
didn't say wall there let's just note
that he said massive border security
like he said in the clip not necessarily
wall which is undergoing renovations
okay now in the next one though he says
the wall which is already under
construction in the form of new
renovation of old and existing fences
and walls will continue to be built he
didn't say that it would be tied to
Dhaka because apparently in their deal
it is not tied to Dhaka the dreamers by
the way that's great don't get me wrong
don't lose sight of the fact that if
Trump actually does this which he warned
cuz he got too much blowback from the
right-wing but if he actually did it I
don't care that he switched his vote
awesome or switched his position that
walls stupid you go renovate that fence
just like Hillary told you who cares
right and and make sure that those eight
hundred thousand kids are not deported
and I'm ready to give them all the
credit in the world if he does the right
thing but let's just know
we're doing is noting that his position
has significantly massively changed I'm
pretty sure that I heard chance of build
the wall I don't think the chant was
renovate the fence renovate the fence
okay Donald Trump also then says this
though on these tweets does anybody
really want to throw out good educated
accomplished young people who have jobs
some serving in the military really but
that's what we said and you any in the
campaign he said no no we're throwing
out all of them so we're gonna build a
wall and there's gonna be no amnesty no
pathway to citizenship for anyone who's
undocumented okay and then he says
they've been in our country for many
years through no fault of their own
brought in by parents at a young age
plus big border security okay look if
each that is that's not his original
position again if he does it bless this
part I'm happy to take it okay so since
you got the blowback down here comes the
back room
I got a swim on out of here right so
here comes Donald Trump later today we
have to be sure that the wall isn't
obstructed because without the wall I
wouldn't do anything it doesn't have to
be here but date but they can't obstruct
the wall if it's in a budget or anything
else but even there he's not saying that
it's tied to daca he's saying yeah but
you can't in a different vote obstruct
the wall and by the way that is not part
of the deal apparently Schumer and
Pelosi said look you fight for the wall
we fight against the wall that's for a
different day today let's make a deal to
make sure the Trouper dreamers are kept
in the country and it is not that
particular legislation is not tied to
the wall okay he went on to say he would
only do it if we get extreme security
not only surveillance but everything
that goes with surveillance if there's
not a wall we're doing nothing okay
there you go that's Donald Trump having
it both ways backpedaling going
did I say wall I meant no wall did I say
no wall I met wall okay he says we're
not looking at citizenship we're not
looking at amnesty we're looking
allowing people to stay here so he's
saying no way no not citizenship I
changed everything god
Sarah Sanders comes out as a
spokesperson of course the press
secretary says while Dhaka and border
security were both discussed excluding
the wall was certainly not agreed to
okay so after the right-wing beating up
on him all day long relentlessly the
very last piece of this is someone on
our staff because we track them just got
one of those fundraising emails from the
Trump pence folks and in big bold
letters here's what it says we will
build a wall not a fence along the
southern border of the United States of
America to help stop illegal immigration
and keep America safe now if you're
wondering so what does Donald Trump
actually think I know I have an
excellent sense from this story what
happened but what he thinks is an
entirely different issue so what
happened was late Wednesday night they
got a deal and the deal was with the
Democrats to let the dreamers stay and
it was not connect through the wall and
they promised that they would deal with
the wall at a later time where they
would not agree and that's perfectly
reasonable you do this first then you go
over there now the right-wing wants the
time to at least tie the two together
because they say all right if we're
gonna let these innocent people stay in
the country then let's at least you know
make sure we waste billions of dollars
on a wall so that's why they're so mad
and given that they were mad he has now
changes position for the 88th time so
which position does he actually have
none of the above he doesn't care he's
never cared he said build a wall cuz the
crowd reacted positively when he said it
all he does is a detest the crowd he's
like now we've got to let the Mexicans
in right boo I mean keep them out right
yeah
build a wall right yeah yeah let's chant
that for a while and then we're gonna
make that we're gonna make the
Norwegians pay for it boo
we're gonna make the Mexicans pay for so
yeah I said that's it we're gonna make
the Mexicans pay for it by the way I
didn't hear any part of this deal where
the Mexicans are paying for the wall he
has no real opinions or ideology the
only opinion he has is how do I get
people to like me and give me money I
didn't deserve help us build independent
media together TYT Network calm /join
