a lot of attention is being paid toward
senator Susan Collins whether or not as
a moderate Republican she would be
willing to vote in favor of the
confirmation of Judge Cavanaugh now she
says that things have gotten a little
too difficult a little too heated and
she's dealing with threats and a
Democratic lawmaker mocked those threats
and we're gonna get to that in just a
minute but before we do I want you to
hear from Susan Collins yourselves and
hear what she has to say about those
threats so remember that Senator Collins
is a moderate Republican it everyone's
pretty unsure as to how she's gonna vote
in these confirmation hearings and so I
just give you that note because while I
believe that she is getting threats I
mean in today's political climate is
definitely possible there's no
indication that those threats are only
coming from liberals are only coming
from Republicans there are conservatives
in the country who really want judge
Kavanagh to be confirmed and so I think
that there's some panic involving
Collins and whether or not she would
vote in favor of his confirmation so
just keep that in mind but then you have
representative Eric SWA well Democrat
from California and he heard about these
threats and decided to share his own
opinions on them and got a lot of heat
for it so he said the following on
Twitter boohoo
your senator whose police will protect a
sexual assault victim can't sleep in her
home tonight because of threats where
are you sleeping Ford's on her own while
you and your Senate GOP colleagues tried
to rush her through a hearing so he
later deleted and apologized for those
tweets because they were interpreted as
mocking the fact that Collins is dealing
with threats but with that said while I
think it should be taken seriously that
she is dealing with threats the heart of
what he's saying there is right I mean
you have the accuser here doctor Blasi
in hiding she had to move out of her
home her family is afraid she had to
hire private security and so yeah there
are death threats all around the country
at all times but people like Blasi Ford
don't get the protection that someone
like Suzanne Collins gets Anna's right
we have no idea if right-wingers might
have been calling in to say don't you
dare vote against Cavanaugh they're the
ones that far far far more consistently
threatened violence do violence because
they believe in violence as progressives
we don't believe in violence and so if
you are progressive who called in don't
ever threaten violence now by the way we
actually have no idea of anyone on the
right or the left threatened violence at
all they just her office and you heard
her the Senators herself say it but our
office also says the same thing that the
calls and messages were quote ugly and
abusive that could mean anything
that could mean I don't like you or what
and so now we're stuck in a situation
where there's two different rules and so
on the one hand I don't want anybody to
threaten violence ever ever against
anyone whether they're Republican or
Democrat now on the other hand we and
online and all of you who've ever dealt
with any trolls or anybody online gets
threatened non-stop and no one cares so
there's this uneven
rules if you touch someone inside the
club and you are not quite so nice on a
voicemail then it's a five-alarm fire
and if anybody ever says anything about
it
the the club gets super mad and they're
like how dare you that's of our beloved
Susan Collins right whereas every well
everyone else online can be viciously
attacked non-stop death threats galore
and nobody can the club cares that's
just you guys so I'll give you guys an
example and and I think this is one of
the more important examples because
these are people who were already
victimized the parents who lost their
young son in the Sandy Hook shooting
after Alex Jones accused them of being
crisis actors and accused this of all
being a false flag operation to take
guns away from Americans they were
harassed so incessantly that they had to
move seven times and by the way do you
think there's anyone helping them
financially to do that do you think
there's anyone protecting them they had
to move it's not only seven times if
finally they ended up in a secure
community a gated community with extra
security just so they can say stay safe
because the threats were so specific and
that's the reason why they're now suing
Alex Jones for the fam'ly tory
defamatory claims he was making on his
show but I bring that up because they're
on their own right whereas you know
you're a US senator you're not on your
own you get that protection added as
part of your job and I'm glad that you
get that protection but the five-alarm
fire is jank mentioned is just
fascinating coming from someone who has
that extra security and sometimes this
use is a ruse I don't think in this case
it is I think Collins has been so
sheltered in her life that she's I don't
know if she's ever gotten an angry
comment in her life because they live in
such a bubble right but you know there
was there's a Democratic candidate in
the middle of the country this woman
running and they could a couple of times
that people are taking a shot at her
they what they're unaware of is there
are right-wing fanatics in this country
who believe in violence
and they threaten it
all the time and so if you do it against
the senator you're gonna be in a world
of trouble
because they're powerful they're rich
they're elite okay you do it again as
somebody who's just a candidate who's
running in the middle of the country and
she's on her own
yeah you know you do it to the Sandy
Hook parents they're on their own I
pulled a random video to make this point
earlier on a similar story where I just
looked through a couple of pages of
comments on one of our youtube videos
and there's 60,000 of them on just one
and we had half a dozen death threats on
just two pages of one video and every
video has dozens and dozens of pages of
comments and so is anybody here to
protect anybody online no you're on your
own right so that's why when someone
leaves a quote-unquote ugly comment on
the voicemail of a elite all of a sudden
that elites are like how dare you we
must protect our elites but the rest of
you good luck so that's what's
frustrating Susan Collins should be
protected so should the rest of us but
unfortunately that doesn't exist and in
this case and to be fair to Susan
Collins again notice no disrespect
towards her I don't want anybody to
threaten her in any way shape or form
and in this case she's saying hey we
should go protect dr. Blasio and she
heard her on the tape yes to her credit
she said we should provide security and
they should the government should have
stepped up immediately to provide her
security well they should on many
instances and there's a case to be made
that they should do it for his the Sandy
Hook parents they definitely should do
it for that candidate in the country and
I don't care if it's a Democrat or a
Republican if you're if people are
endangering your life then the
government needs to protect you that's
the whole point of the government right
for me this is much less about Susan
Collins but more about the double
standard you know and the differences in
treatment when it comes to the elite
versus the rest of us on the go don't
worry we got you covered you can still
listen to TYT at our new podcast network
find us on Apple podcast at Google Play
Store or at TYT comm slash podcast
