the Texas DMV made a district attorney
change his vanity license plate because
it was found to be inappropriate so this
district attorney had what license plate
let's take a look at it hang him
h ang Texas outline e/m on the on his
license plate
apparently District Attorney Richard
glazier of Fannin County had this
license plate for 35 years and said it
was inspired by Clint Eastwood's film
hang him high he explains what happened
and why he had it he said it really sort
of fits what I do it harkens back to
frontier justice I'm out of if I'm out
on the road people drive by give me a
thumbs up or clap or something like that
I guess the people in Austin I have a
little different sense of humor hang
them is what you is is hanging people
and that's not I don't like that I don't
like hanging people so yeah that's
that's what happened it's all started
when someone had inquired as to why
their own license plate got rejected by
the DMV for being inappropriate and then
they added in their complaint after
their own license plate was suspended he
said how can the District Attorney of
Fannin County have hang them and that
not be threatening just wondering and so
the the DA saw that someone was
complaining about him went back did like
a Freedom of Information Act to find out
what the true contacts was and then
finally after it all went down in his
own hang him was rejected he decided to
come up with a second option so
according to the report Glazer said he
then changed the text of his plates to
geldan a nod to castration so geldings
are castrate horses but those were found
to be objectionable as well that denial
was a bit more of a shocker to the twice
Byrne District Attorney he said I guess
that there's people down in Austin that
probably make a pretty good salary that
decides stuff like this so that's that
you are a district attorney okay so you
are supposed to be part of a justice
system and you are supposed to present
yourself as an individual who supports
and wants to reinforce justice wanting
to castrate people wanting to hang
people implies that you are not
necessarily interested in justice your
you're interested in punitive extremely
punitive measures and that is what your
main focus is and it's unprofessional to
say the least
so I'm glad that you got to died I'm
sorry that you had that license plate
for 35 years and it went unnoticed but
it's incredible I mean we just had a
conversation earlier in the show about
how an ESPN host said that Trump is a
white supremacist on Twitter and people
are losing their minds over it because
it's the truth but in the case of a
District Attorney someone who is
supposed to be part of it just a justice
system that's supposed to be fair has
these license plates or suggests a
license plate that's even worse I mean
that's not offensive again he was he's
supposed to carry out justice he's
supposed to be part of that system and
it's it seems like he's much more
interested in in killing people or
castrating them there was a different
story we covered a couple weeks ago and
there was a tweet and I forget who it
was but they said something that what is
it with the law enforcement person who
who wants to be famous for weird stuff
like this you know like I the the Arpaio
let's go above and beyond how cruel
we're gonna be and and accentuate the
like terrible part the the the
punishment side of it and I don't know
it's possible I'm not I'm not too
bothered by it personally like the hang
um it's a Western thing it's more of a
frustration but like there's a story in
the New York Times today about an Ottawa
judge who was suspended because after
Trump got elected he wore a make America
great again hat to the courtroom after
that okay well and the conclusion was
and this is why I come back around to
being like all right you're a law
enforcement official rather than picking
up the hang of mantle let's focus more
on the fairness that's rental and it
they said like what would a reasonable
person assume if they walked in and saw
you with this that's right yeah
if it's hang them it's the it seems to
imply that you don't care about justice
you just care about hanging people that
you want punishment and and the emphasis
is the punitive component of the justice
system not the fairness not the innocent
until proven guilty look as a district
attorney you have such an incredibly
important job and I think the way you
present yourself matters yeah and so
look this is not me like getting my
feelings hurt this is me reacting to
another symptom of a justice system that
is wrong so many people so many people
have dealt with you know convictions for
crimes that they did not commit so many
people were on death row and were
exonerated after DNA evidence indicated
that they did not commit the crime we
spoke about the Central Park five
earlier in the show today those were
five individuals black individuals who
lost years of their lives over a crime
that they did not commit and so it's
never just about that one story for me
when I see something like this it's not
just about this one district attorney
and this one license plate it's about
what it represents it's a symptom of an
unjust justice system in the country
that we really need to focus on and we
really need to reform that's that's what
it says that's the guy to think about it
just one second it's your license plate
I mean first of all whatever happened to
md4 my love or so whatever sappy things
people put on their license plates and
if they don't allow you to put hang them
on it say you don't even have that in
your mind it's about some Western you
can survive move on right okay hang them
big yeah okay okay move on make me put a
sign in front of your house or something
I don't know put in your room and gaze
at it why do you have one behind you
driving to say Oh tough guy hanging
right you'll survive and move on past
the Hingham it's okay he finally settled
on da 336 will be his District Attorney
and then the code for that location help
us build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
