English parents are suing a Christian
school over the fact that a boy was
allowed to wear a dress to school the
unnamed school was complained about by
Nigel Rowe and his wife Sally they
removed their six-year-old son from the
unnamed school after a male classmate
was allowed to attend a primary school
in a dress so as a result the couple are
going to mount a legal challenge against
the school arguing it is not respected
their rights to raise their children in
line with their biblical values so
they're gonna homeschool the kids Nigel
the father said we believe it is wrong
to encourage very young children to
embrace transgenderism boys are boys and
girls are girls and gender dysphoria is
something that we as as Christians need
to address with love and compassion but
not in the sphere of a primary school
environment if you're wondering what the
school's rule is it's a church of in
England school it says the school in
question said transgender pupils were
protected under the equalities Act of
2010 and that it had policies in place
to tackle transphobic behavior it defied
transpo it defined transphobia as
including a failure to use a person's
adopted name or to accept he or she was
a real boy or girl so the law protects
the school and its decision to allow
these students to dress in the way that
they identify with and so if you want to
sue them have at it we'll see how that
plays out in court but it's this extra
unnecessary like just completely
superfluous step of suing the school
because you're uncomfortable having a
conversation with your child about why
another student might want to wear a
dress by the way
you want to support biblical values
Jesus is always depicted wearing a dress
like always I think we have photos yeah
starting with p1 let's let's just take a
look at these pictures because I don't
see any jeans up in here oh there's
there's Jesus he looks like his
resurrection or something he's not
wearing pants in fact no one's wearing
pants there's Jesus again he's wearing a
lovely crimson dress okay
are we offended by this do we need to
sue the individuals who straight 'add
Jesus Christ wearing a dress
look I just that's like that's a good
number I like the contrast hmm here's
what you can do if you are confronted
with the situation where your child
wants to know why a little boy would
want to dress like a little girl son
sometimes individuals are born with an
agenda that they don't identify with
that's it
mama what does identify mean you then
explain what identify like have a
conversation with your kids because
here's what's not gonna happen if your
child was born as a boy or a girl and
they identify as a boy or a girl you
don't have to worry about them
miraculously changing their gender
identity because other students are
doing it the world doesn't work that way
okay and I think that kind and I'm not
trying to be too judgmental of them
because I think that this type of fear
really comes from ignorance and this
notion that if you accept a certain
group of people then individuals are
gonna make decisions about their gender
identity or their sexuality it doesn't
work that way and even if it does and it
doesn't
but even if it does who cares are you
gonna love your son any less and if you
really are worried about that then take
your son out of the school and move on
with your life because the law protects
what this institution did if you like
The Young Turks you love Young Turks
membership TYT Network comm /join
