Bernie Sanders is introducing his health
care for all plan a single-payer plan
which of course many are describing as
ambitious but it's exactly what the
country needs considering some of the
criticisms that the Affordable Care Act
is facing and the unpopular programs
that were proposed by Republicans now
just to give you a few details about
this plan it's similar to what Bernie
Sanders was campaigning on it's a little
different so let me tell you how the
proposal which Sanders is calling a
medicare-for-all Act of 2017 looks a lot
like the plan Sanders touted as a
presidential candidate as the name
implies it envisions giving everybody
living in the United States including
undocumented immigrants an enhanced
version of Medicare with virtually no
out-of-pocket spending as well as dental
vision and hearing aid coverage now here
is how his proposal is a little
different from what he proposed when he
was running for office in the new bill
Sanders calls for a four year transition
period during which the newly improved
Medicare would first ensure all children
and adults 55 or older then expand
gradually to cover all adults now he
hasn't specified exactly how the country
would pay for this program he has laid
out a few suggestions including a 4%
increase in federal taxes for US
households and I think that's reasonable
considering how much US households would
save in health care costs now of course
there are some Democrats who are on
board however there are some Democrats
who are not on board and before I give
you those names I want to open it up to
the panel
Ron Jimmy what are your thoughts well if
it's what it first of all there's all
these people signing on to the bill
which I'm skeptical of because they all
want to run for president and to me it's
like a head-fake to the progressive base
and you know it's good to see it
happening but I think it's like they've
gotten the OK from their donors you can
sign onto a bill that we know will never
pass but as soon as that becomes close
to passing
they're gonna find problems with it and
things about this is I'm maybe I'm a
cynic at this point I've been watching
the Democrats for so long now so that's
what III think Cabala harris and cory
booker things is a big head fake and i
think they got the okay from their
donors that's what I thought I'm trying
to say that I'm cautiously optimistic
like I like I have my I share those
concerns I think a lot of folks do but
the other side of it is is you know the
fact that even if this is a political
football the fact that they're playing
it it's saying that they're finally in
touch with the fact that most of the
country wants this now you know about
about 60% of adults one single-payer
health care and that's only gonna grow
that's only gonna keep up cuz people are
finally seeing through the propaganda
and you see Bernie Sanders going into
rural places and you see these people
cheering the idea of everybody having
health care that wasn't happening 10
years ago but it's happening now right
and I think it's because enough
Americans have gone bankrupt due to
health care costs and enough Americans
are frustrated about the fact that they
pay way more for pharmaceutical drugs
than other countries so yeah I think I
think you know a lot of Bernie Sanders
popularity had to do with the fact that
he actually did touch on the economic
issues including health care that
Americans were frustrated with while
other candidates refused to do so but
you know the one thing that I do want to
touch on quickly Jimmy is you know all
of a sudden we are seeing some Democrats
on board co-sponsoring this legislation
and these are Democrats that you know
historically were not on board for
things that would benefit the American
people like lowering the cost of
pharmaceutical drugs so Cory Booker
would be an example of that he is
co-sponsoring this legislation along
with Elizabeth Warren and other
Democrats and remember earlier this year
he voted against the rien port a ssin of
pharmaceutical drugs essentially that
would make pharmaceutical drugs much
cheaper for Americans and so no Mekhi
const who is one of our who works with
us managed to ask him about that and
here's what his answer was
well I mean I think there's a lot of
Givens right now the biggest given is is
just just any objective person can think
of themselves why is the exact same drug
so much more expensive in this country
then a few hundred miles north in Canada
and a lot of that has to do is that we
don't have the power to negotiate down
costs it has to do with all the middle
men and women that are a profiteering
off of this broken system we have one of
the biggest culprits was mentioned today
the PBMs
so so having a system like this that can
use the collective bargaining power that
comes from having Medicare for all as
well as beginning to expose us a lot of
the other ways that these prices are
driven up is going to help us drive it
down and by the way this has to be just
one component of a larger effort to
drive down the costs of health care all
the areas in which there's profiteering
going on why would you look at your
healthcare bills you see aspirins
sometimes costing you know four dollars
a pill or something outrageous like that
so we have a lot of work to do to drive
down healthcare costs this is a very
important step in the right direction so
he's talking to talk
yes he's talking to talk he's definitely
talking to talk and he again is
co-sponsoring this proposal along with
Bernie Sanders Elizabeth Warren and look
I I don't blame you for being skeptical
and and a cynic because we have seen you
know some Democrats a lot of Democrats
refused to represent the best interests
of the American people or even their
base because of the way that they're
being funded right
and so pharmaceutical companies helped
fund Cory Bergeron Booker's campaigns
for a while until he got the criticism
for voting against the rien portation
legislation and then he decided to stop
taking money from pharmaceutical company
took a pause he took a pause cause he
didn't he didn't say you took a pause
but that's some action like I I don't
want to be I'm also skeptical
believe me I'm also skeptical but I also
believe that
as voters and we as outspoken
progressives have more power than we
realize and we've been criticizing
establishment Democrats very
aggressively since this last election
and I think that it could work
if we continue to hold their feet to the
fire right so if he starts changing the
lingo moving forward if he sees oh wow
this actually could work and my donors
aren't gonna like that well then we
continue holding his feet to the fire
that's that's what I think our game plan
should be I certainly see that and of
course we don't want to create a like
damned if you do damned if you don't
scenario where it's like oh you're
saying well we don't believe you but I
mean Cory Booker in this particular case
yeah you do have to proceed with caution
I mean this is a guy after he you know
casted that vote against the drug
pricing bill he took a lot of flack from
it this was not his first political
football his first one was when he you
know came out for for a better drug
policy where he wanted to get pot
legalized like hey guys I'm cool with
pot are we okay now are we cool
progressives look at my pink scarf you
got to proceed with caution with them
well the reason why I think I'm
skeptical bordering and cynical is
because I live in California and the
Democratic Party has a supermajority in
California and all the California
Democrats run on single-payer Anthony
Rendon says he's for single-payer and
he's the Speaker of the House and in
California turns out we ain't getting it
so that's why I'm skeptical so even when
the Democrats have the supermajority in
a state like California which is the
blue estate I think in the nation and
they all say they're for single-payer
they find a way to undermine it Anthony
Rendon Saban the way they undermine it
so they're not and you know and they run
them what I say is he says he's been for
single-payer since before Obamacare and
you've been up for single-parent since
before Obamacare and you still don't
have a plan that you came up with that
you introduced because you're the
goddamn speaker you're the leader of the
Democrats and you don't have a plan
you're saying the plan they presented to
you is flawed where's your plan you've
been thinking about this for 10 years
you're the leader and you don't have a
plan
I smell and that's nothing is
the next wave of this feel of a voting
bloc this young a voting bloc will
continue to pay attention they're used
to this the old way of going where
they'll say it
forgets because they know it's football
season and no one's gonna talk about it
because their fantasy team is winning
right now so they can fly under the
radar or they'll go Oh Trump keeps doing
crazy things though this will fly under
the radar for me not to follow through
we'll remember it's a new age of getting
more information enough to watch cable
news and read newspapers anymore you can
get it for everyone and you get it
quicker and people can actually respond
so I think they're gonna have to answer
for more than what they used to have to
so we'll see now they're gonna have to
go sell this to the country I mean
Bernie Sanders and all the co-sponsors
so you know one thing that also makes me
skeptical is I saw the body language if
like say Kamala Harris when she
announced that she was for Medicare for
all it was like she was almost
apologizes like Wow forms kind of I'm
gonna be co-sponsoring it she was like
if you're for something that you know
you're gonna have to fight for you have
to come out for you have to say that's
why we need Medicare for all them that's
why she didn't say it like that she said
like it would be a surprise to my staff
why is this a surprise to your staff but
your staff doesn't know where you stand
and the most important progressive issue
of our day you're gonna let us notice so
that's right so I'm not try again it's
good that this is happening this is only
happening because we put pressure on
there man yes this is only happening
because people did not let up and people
didn't fall in line that's why this is
happening and then we you're right we
have to keep the pressure on so we what
really matters is how they vote Cory
Booker knows exactly what to say he
knows how to pay fealty to progressives
he knows how to talk like a populist
with any voted against the
re-importation of the drugs from Canada
so we have to watch how they vote just
very quickly I do want to list off the
Democratic senators who are on board
with this let's go to graphic 5b please
so as we mentioned Cory Booker has
signed on to it there's also Kristin
Gillibrand from New York Kamala Harris
from California Elizabeth Warren Patrick
Leahy Sheldon Whitehouse Al Franken Jeff
Merkley Ed Markey Martin Heinrich Tom
Udall Brian Schatz
Maziar mazie Hirono also Richard
Blumenthal GN Shaheen Shaheen and Tammy
Baldwin so we do have some Democrats on
board that's the good news and again
let's hold their feet to the fire help
us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
doc
/join
