now among the Democrats who are not on
board with Bernie Sanders a single-payer
health care proposal our Chuck Schumer
Nancy Pelosi and more let's hear from
them according to the hill Senate
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Tuesday
previewed the much-anticipated release
of senator Bernie Sanders
medicare-for-all bill by taking the
notable step of refusing to throw their
weight behind it
Nancy below Pelosi said right now I'm
protecting the Affordable Care Act the
Affordable Care Act which look it's
better than the system we had before but
Americans are understandably frustrated
with it because it falls short and so to
say yeah I'm gonna ignore this because
I'm just much more interested in the
political benefit she thinks there are
political benefits of supporting and
protecting the Affordable Care Act I
think shows just how tone-deaf she is
also Chuck Schumer says Democrats
believe that health care is a right for
all and there are many different bills
out there okay
so what do you support and I mean we
know the answer he is not supporting
what Bernie Sanders is trying to do also
we have a statement from sandy Hoyer he
says there are things in the Affordable
Care Act that aren't working as well as
they should the first objective that
both leader Pelosi and I have is to
preserve the affordable care act and to
adopt policies that will make it work
better that's our first priority you've
had quite a bit of time to make it work
better you know but they haven't really
done much to change it now of course
Republicans have had quite a bit of
control as of late but remember when
Obama got elected into office he had a
majority in the House and the Senate you
guys could have had a much better plan
and you didn't you didn't and there's a
reason for that and so look these are
the lawmakers who claim that they want
to look out for the best interests of
the country they want to make sure that
everyone is covered and and safe and
doesn't have to go bankrupt
a medical emergency but talk is cheap
and they need to actually take real
action and look I think the most
frustrating part about this is like
their inability to admit that they've
failed right there's a reason why this
past election ended up the way that it
did and they're so incredibly defying
about it anyway so I would just pick up
on what you said is the reason why this
last election turned out the way it was
it did it was because when they did
elect the Democrat we did elect of
Democrats to be the president the Senate
and the House Democrats had a
supermajority let's remember that a
supermajority and we still got a right
wing giveaway corporate guilt to the
health care industry anyway that's what
they gave us we had a complete
supermajority and they still gave us the
right wing health care plan so it
doesn't matter that's why people are so
that's why I'm cynical right now that's
why I don't take them at their face
value brock obama ran on single-payer we
didn't get a goddamn public option and
who did he let who did he go by the way
the guy standing up for the public
option was Dennis Kucinich and you know
what Barack Obama did he went to his
district and campaigned against Dennis
Kucinich because he wouldn't go along
with that health care bill without a
public option that's what Barack Obama
said instead of going to ben nelsons or
going to Joe Lieberman's district
instead of going to their states and
trying to screw those people over he
went to the guy standing up for people
and screwed him over that's what
corporate Democrats do and that's why
we're skeptical of this well and let's
let's be honest here
political benefits in in Nancy Pelosi's
world and Chuck Schumer's world and many
bills out there that's all that's all
code for we want to keep the insurance
industry happy we want to make sure
they're still at the table and for
single-payer to work they can't be at
the table they got to go bye-bye and
that's not very donor friendly it's just
so I mean it just shows how out of touch
they are and and while they enjoy the
best health care insurance in the
country that's paid by American
taxpayers right well they don't have to
worry about going bankrupt over a
medical emergency they have the audacity
to fight to keep a system that isn't
working in place now again the
Affordable Care Act has positive
components to it and we have supported
those components but it's also not a
system that's currently working for a
lot of Americans and so it's just the
frustration that I think a lot of
Americans feel over the fact that they
are completely disconnected from what
most Americans are going through and
they're elected to represent us good
that's the crazy part well first of all
Nancy Pelosi's worth over a hundred
million dollars so I can understand why
she doesn't understand someone who can't
afford their own medicine or doesn't go
to a doctor because they can't afford
the copay so she doesn't so no she she
doesn't get any of that stuff here's
what she said she said she's defending
the Affordable Care Act meaning
Obamacare you know the Affordable Care
Act leaves out twenty eight million
people Nancy Pelosi is that really the
plan you want to do you know that a lot
of people say the rete one of the
reasons why Hillary Clinton lost and we
have Donald Trump is because that
premiums at Obama care went up twenty
five percent a month before the election
because there's no cost controls on that
and you guys let it happen anyway you
didn't do brocco bomb and just let that
happen and he didn't think it was gonna
be a repercussion
there was a repercussion and now we got
Trump no cost controls at Obamacare
twenty-eight million people left out and
that's the plan Nancy Pelosi is
championing she sounds like a Republican
you know why because she is if you like
this clip of The Young Turks you know
there's a whole live two-hour show 6 to
8 p.m. Eastern every day and you could
download it or stream in and watch it
without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
