an ESPN sports reporter has gone viral
now this happened during Monday Night
Football something that I typically
don't care about but somehow Sergio did
manage to make me care a lot about
Monday Night Football now he was acting
as a sideline reporter and unfortunately
since it was his debut as a sideline
reporter and typically he does his
sports broadcasting in Spanish it didn't
go off as smoothly as one would hope now
I would love to show you the original
video but we can't for copyright reasons
and so as a result we got Jason Rubin
our lovely sports reporter to recreate
the performance of Sergio dip before we
go to the video if you didn't watch it
you don't have to watch it Jason
nailed it it was he's saying
word-for-word what Sergio said during
the broadcast and doing a hell of a job
of acting just like sir Janek almost
kind of looks like him too so if you
didn't see it you don't have to hear
this that coach it's a pleasure to be
with you guys here on the field from up
close just watching coach that's Joseph
from here you watch him now on the
street this diversity in his background
is helping him a lot tonight quarterback
at Colorado defensive back in the NFL
and here he is having the time of his
life
this night making his head coaching
debut ok that was word-for-word what he
said
we just reread it and check out Jason
Rubin on youtube.com slash TYT sports by
the way yes so I am missing some context
that I want you to fill in the blanks
for me ok so this was a legendary game
for a number of different reasons now
the thing that people kind of latched
onto was the word diversity that dip
used during his sideline reporting can
you just hash that out a little bit yeah
it wasn't that legendary game I mean
he's a young black coach that's fine and
Sergio is from ESPN Deportes and he's a
young 29 year old broadcaster and so
he's also minority he's saying like it's
a nice thing to advance Joseph is
getting this break was a coach on the
other side also minority
I think that was the thing yeah because
the charges just changed their coach
yeah okay really not that important
again I can't go just that was one of
the things that was a big actual like
historic thing when it was a Super Ball
Coach Back to Black Codes yeah and by
the way so more context here normally
there's only one Monday night game but
today but in the beginning of season
they are now doing to Monday night games
to launch the season so there's like an
a crew and there's a B crew and they're
giving Sergio a shot and the B crew yeah
and so okay so look this story so far in
my opinion is kind of Shuang Wang Wang
okay so here's the sideline reporter he
didn't do so great but here's where the
story in my opinion does get interesting
Lenin they said his diversity helped him
tonight
that's could have been the hook of
sounding like which this is not what he
meant
right we'll get to but that's what could
have rung in some people's ears is the
Rush Limbaugh thing saying he's getting
his credit because he's black not
because of any of yeah but you know I
know most of that most of the heat was
not about politics it was just like he
didn't do that well we're making fun but
in like kind of a sweet way they weren't
being those stuff I saw wasn't that mean
yeah they were using this line what is
it Oh boom goes the dynamite or
something when disastrously okay right
is the reference to so people kept using
that and tweeting to him and I'm sure
you know it wasn't a comfortable thing
for him to experience so he posted a
video on his Twitter account and it's
just so sweet and so earnest like okay
let's take a look so while I wanted to
do was to show some respect
making my debut as a minority on
American national TV the biggest stage
out there on the most heartfelt day in
this great country made up by immigrants
and on some people's perspective it all
went wrong
but I truly meant no disrespect
because all I wanted to do was to show
some love to this to historical head
coaches okay so here's the thing you
guys helped us raise money for reporters
and I really think we need to hire him
Oh like I think that we need some but
you know we need a comprehensive sports
reporting crew and we just don't have
like the Latino perspective in our
sports department in my opinion is a
little underrepresented and we need to
hire Sergio you love okay he's a hard
worker okay
and he you know yeah so so look I don't
know that he should be I feel bad saying
that anyway get better
look here's the thing most people
especially when they're placed in a new
role like you know terrible we were on
camera I mean old videos it was awesome
from the start do you need no you
weren't
you need the opportunity to improve and
grow and so I'm glad you got that
opportunity they keep giving him that
opportunity because he wants to do
better okay or it could be that he is a
good looking guy who had a few little
like Sudan with a little lapel flower
and seemingly reading that from his
hotel room after who is devastated after
checking Twitter anyway but to be fair
let's show you a really small clip of me
when I got started in Miami and see how
well I did back then guys excuse me
don't push me
it actually got way worse for me that's
what was seen from mad as hell but if
you watch the whole clip I asked Kevin
Spacey why did you come out and talk
about the gay thing oh yeah yeah so
Sergio I'm with you brother hang in
there hang in
and now that he did that cute video a
lot of people are on his side they're
like come on you got USP and you gotta
give them another chance because Ana's
reasons I think there's a lot of
untapped I married you know none of that
that put her trouble in trouble all
right but one final point that I think
is important to bring up in regard to
this story can we go to graphic 34 real
quick you know just uh there's the post
that he put up there now let's go to
graphic 22 he thinks he thinks he's
superior to that guy let's just do it
one more time okay Steve Bannon Steve
Bannon thinks he is superior to that guy
just just want to put it all out there
come on put it all out there okay okay
you know what happened it's now it's out
there okay if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live to our show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
