an NRA host recently did a segment where
he aired his grievances in regard to the
media referring to guns as weapons now
this is grant stinchfield and you might
have seen some of the NRA videos that he
put out there before but what you're
about to watch is his reaction to an
article that was written by the Atlanta
journal-constitution
where they essentially talked about
students who are concerned about
concealed carry on campus now in that
piece they referred to guns as weapons
because that's what guns are but again
how dare you Adam it's not happy about
it but don't take it from me let's hear
from him the Atlanta
journal-constitution recently wrote an
article about campus carry taking effect
in Georgia and the controversy
surrounding it but it's their use of the
word weapon that has me bill will ders
the reporter uses quote weapons in place
of firearms or guns so many times it
just becomes bizarre here fears of gun
owners getting drunk and firing their
weapons I firmly believe she uses the
phrase weapons over firearms in an
effort to scare the uninformed but then
I realized Georgia calls their concealed
carry permits a quote weapons carry
license I don't like that name at all to
me the military carries weapons guns
carried for offensive purposes I carry a
firearm a tool used for self-defense
what okay I mean really are people
buying into this like what it's a weapon
I remember when I did jury duty it was a
criminal case and it had to do with
attempted murder with a deadly weapon
right a deadly firearm I don't know but
it wasn't a gun uh-huh it was a car the
car was referred to as a weapon as a car
could be a deadly weapon okay but it
could have gone the whole purpose of a
gun is to serve as a weapon oh you don't
like that you don't like the fact that
it's a gun is meant to kill that is the
only purpose a gun is therefore no no no
wait a my wait a minute it's I
go hunting well then you killed deer
with it yeah well I do to defend myself
but then you shoot at human beings who
that you then killed yes that is the
point of you're not you're not you know
hitting them with feathers you're
hitting them with bullets then the
bullets kill people so here's my
favorite part of this and this is
political correctness run amok oh my god
so whenever you see a conservative blame
a liberal for anything know that that is
exactly what they want to do so there's
all these liberals they want political
grants political correctness means that
a word or phrase can be factually
correct but we don't want you using it
because we've considered to be
politically incorrect okay so a gun is
defined in the dictionary as a weapon
consisting of a metal tube with
mechanical attachments from which
projectiles are shot by a force of an
explosive a piece of ordnance okay so
that is the dictionary definition of a
gun starts with a weapon okay that is
politically incorrect now for
Republicans well stinchfield 'he's next
video will be about how much he dislikes
the dictionary for defining a gun as a
weapon by the way okay so it's a well
known dictionary bias this goes this
goes beyond him getting his feelings
hurt over what he considers like
defamation of his favorite toys right
for me the big concern is how incredibly
irresponsible some Americans are with
their guns people who have legally
purchased them and unfortunately don't
take gun safety seriously which is why
we see story after story of a young
person a kid having access to their
parents gun either shooting themselves
accidentally or shooting of another
family member and so I always want to
really emphasize the discussion of gun
safety when we get into these
conversations because often times more
often than not everyone goes into their
corner and they start yelling at each
other about whether or not there should
be gun control okay well if we can't
agree on that then in the very least
let's at least take these guns seriously
they are deadly weapons they are weapons
we should take them seriously and in
that video that he did he acts like no
no this is not a weapon this is all fun
and games there's no problem here it is
a weapon that is what it
if that gets your feelings hurt then go
educate yourself on what it is it seems
like you got triggered interesting all
right but Ana you're not being fair it's
not a weapon it's a firearm so I looked
up the dictionary definition of firearm
a small-arms weapon as a rifle or pistol
from which a projectile is fired by
gunpowder so you didn't even bother to
look up any of the definition is he
upset at cops that say drop your weapon
feelings hurt that okay he is a very
special snowflake so if you call his
weapon by the wrong name he's gonna get
triggered and god knows what he'll do
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
