an emergency management organization is
apologizing after one of its employees
possibly former employees accidentally
posted a an offensive meme on social
media so this is the chillon or Chelan
County emergency management Facebook
page where this mean was posted they had
to apologize for it it says all lives
splatter nobody cares about your protest
keep your ass out of the road now like I
said they had to apologize for it
apparently emergency services workers
this week accidentally posted an
offensive meme to his department's
official Facebook page after initially
intending to only post it to their own
personal page the person who posted it
has not been identified I genuinely
don't care what his identity his or her
identity is but that person also
included the following comment I don't
wish harm on anyone but protesters don't
belong in the road so staff at the
emergency management did release a
statement saying that they feel terrible
about this inappropriate and hurtful
post and that it made it onto the
Facebook page changes have already been
made to procedure in procedure to assure
nothing like this will ever occur in the
future okay couple things here so I'm
not buying any of this I do believe that
he accidentally posted it on the
official page instead of his personal
page or maybe he realized afterwards
that was a bad mistake and everybody did
but that's the least relevant part of
the story so you've got a cop here
apparently who thinks black lives matter
is a joke and so if you're doing a
protest I'm gonna call it you know all
live splatter I get it like we get to
murder you and run you over in the
streets so I just want to quickly
clarify something I haven't read that it
was a cop and I just want to be clear
about that this is like an emergency
like response emergency emergency
management okay of the county so we
don't know if it's a cop and I just want
to make sure yeah we're clear on that
yes thank you Anna so it's the sheriff
Brian Burnett who's making excuses it is
an unnamed emergency services worker
that apparently posted this okay so
important clarification now that worker
thinks and I mean if their emergency
service worker and their right Drive
ambulance is and they think all life
splatter is that a good thing I don't
know I'm I'm deeply concerned about it
okay
secondarily we just had Roseville where
a neo-nazi ran over somebody and
murdered them and it was considered an
act of domestic terrorism you're still
posting that meme after Charles so
social media has done some pretty
incredible things right because people
can't help themselves people don't stop
I don't care if it's your personal
Facebook page
obviously it's worse if it's the
Facebook page that belongs to your
employer and it's an emergency response
organization right but here's the thing
like just think about what you're about
to post for a minute before you post it
if you have even the slightest
reservation or even the slightest hint
or clue that it could get you in trouble
or some people might criticize you for
it because it's deeply offensive
especially given the fact that someone
was just run over and killed for being a
counter protester don't post it don't
post it so look I know what the excuse
is gonna be it's look look look it's not
about that any particular protest or
race religion no nothing like that
it's just annoying that people on the
road and so like that's why we want to
run over and kill them oh and we're just
like we're just kidding around man I
mean we probably won't kill them but I
really don't care about your protest so
much that we think it's funny that we
would kill you
it's also so funny when the Muslim
radicals go out there and drive people
into people and kill them you know
dozens at a time and all over Europe and
it's so funny right oh that's not funny
but this is funny why is that not funny
this is funny well I would argue that
both are not funny yeah both are
obviously not funny
yeah but they'll find excuses yeah you
know they'll find excuses and look when
we covered the story of the lawmakers
who wanted to pass legislation that
would be allowed that would make it okay
if someone accidentally runs over
protesters who are blocking roads people
would make excuses for well you
shouldn't be blocking the roads really
you think that that calls for an
execution like people who are blocking
the road during a protest deserve to be
executed and yours come on now you guys
exaggerating I mean if you run people
over are they really gonna die yeah yeah
yeah that's kind of what happens and
that's exactly what happened in
Charlotte school with Heather Eyre
lastly just a minor thing but it's it's
relevant to whether they're cops or
emergency service workers etc and I
think the attitude of the sheriff
bothers me and so anyway nobody cares
about your protests well if you're the
sheriff your job is to kind of care
about their protest if you're an
American and you're part of the
government your job is to protect the
right to protest
so I hated Burnett's excusive oh he
accidentally he or she accidentally
posted it on the official page when he
meant to be hateful on his personal page
so it's no big deal and so if he winds
up running you over or not taking care
of you after somebody else runs you over
I mean he just did that personally he
didn't do it as an official well that's
how he really feels or how she really
feels behind the scenes yeah so we were
trying to cover it up so we were you
know we made a mistake in how we covered
up their real feelings so that's what we
apologize for but will we take action
against this person or at least sit them
down and talk to and go wait now you're
not really going to run over people
right and if you fear in an ambulance
and remember let's read the Constitution
together let's read the First Amendment
together about the right to assemble and
how as part of the government we're
supposed to protect that right remember
that there is something other than the
Second Amendment in the Constitution at
least have that conversation and make us
feel a little bit better that you
actually care about the Constitution our
laws and our lives it's not too much to
ask for help us build independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
