YouTube superstar PewDiePie has
apologized for his use of the n-word
during a stream of a video game he was
playing on his channel now we can't use
his video for copyright reasons but I do
want to read you the most relevant
portion of that apology he said I'm not
gonna make any excuses as to why it did
because there are no excuses for it I'm
really sorry if I offended hurt or
disappointed anyone with all of this
being in the position I am I should know
better I owe it to my audience and to
myself to do better than this because I
know I'm better than this
he also said I'm disappointed in myself
because it seems like I've learned
nothing from these past controversies so
I I watched the the full video and it
came across as a heartfelt apology and
so look for me it was it was less about
him saying that word I mean at this
point I feel like there's so much
hideous stuff going on in the world that
I'm desensitized to words even though I
know one should use that word but the
part of the story that I thought was
relevant was just like this constant
complaining from people who create
content on YouTube about advertisers
pulling out yes advertisers pull out
when they feel uncomfortable with your
content and it affects all of us not
just the person who puts out that
so-called questionable content right by
the way my favorite part about this
story was some of the reaction that we
got on Twitter one person thought that I
was monstrous for for supporting the the
video game developer who decided to do
copyright strikes against PewDiePie to
take his content away from PewDiePie's
channel actually let me hop these
monstrous let me update you guys on that
poll because we did that poll should
video game developers issue copyrights
issue copyright strikes on PewDiePie and
that was tea white tea network.com slash
pie and only 33 and a half percent said
yes sixty six and a half percent said no
they shouldn't and I had said no you had
said yes it's an interesting
conversation even though I disagreed
with you a little bit I did not think
you were months
dress right and look look I think the
framing of that question is a little off
because whether or not they should isn't
the the answer that I was giving I was
saying yeah advertisers and companies
get to decide and they should be able to
decide like yeah we all agree to anyone
I mean it's just like television you
can't force advertisers to advertise on
any given show I mean that's ridiculous
and so look actions and words and and
the way you do your show has
consequences and that is has nothing to
do with the First Amendment a company
gets to decide where they advertise or
where they have their content and look I
think that it was a good apology and so
let's all move on as I said yesterday
you know I think that he is largely
joking I hope I hope that he is I
believe that he is and he my sense of it
is that he thinks people are overly
sensitive to it because we are behind
those issues as we pointed out yesterday
I don't think we're beyond the racial
issues at all I mean we just reported
yesterday on an eight-year-old kid being
hung by some fourteen-year-old white
kids and then the cop was like I want to
protect the feelings of the
fourteen-year-old white kids and so I
don't think we're being on those racial
issues at all and it seems like
PewDiePie in that apology is saying like
I get it it's not just a word and we're
not beyond it and in fact I think that
Anna basically kind of laid out for him
why she had objected to what he said I
want to just show that clip real quick
from yesterday's show like I said I
don't know I don't know PewDiePie
personally I've never had a conversation
with him the only thing I do know about
him is that he has already gotten in
trouble for anti-semitic jokes and
anti-semitic imagery seems like he
didn't learn much for not because he
pulls this again it's almost as if who
watched the clip because the quote that
Anna just read was he said I'm
disappointed in myself because it seems
like I've learned nothing from these
past controversies so I don't know if
they actually watch the clip or not and
that's not important the point is that
it is a good apology because he's saying
come on I just like Annapoorna not
yesterday you should learn from you
previous mistakes everybody makes
mistakes but I wish we were done with
anti-semitism but we aren't I wish we
were done with Nazis but we aren't as
PewDiePie himself pointed out after
Charlotte's Ville and I wish we were
done with people using the n-word
seriously but we aren't and so I think
that he gets that now I hope he gets it
and that's what I'm and my main overall
point from yesterday I'll repeat today
is this is a good moment to have a
conversation about it I believe that we
can all learn from this conversation I
don't want to shut that down there are
some people you can't talk to they have
no interest of ever learning or changing
or or growing from a mistake I don't
right or wrong I don't put PewDiePie in
that category and it seems like he did
learn and it's not to say learn isn't
like you have to agree with our ideology
or our politics I don't know what
PewDiePie's politics are at all that's
not the issue here it's just to say hey
if it turns out you're doing something
that is deeply offensive like saying
calling people the worst name you could
think of and associating it with black
people that's probably not a cool thing
to do don't be a dick and and he's
saying I get it I think that's that's
that's excellent progress and exactly
why you have the conversations if you
liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
