I was thinking of was a good day to
propose to my wife gotcha and my
football jersey when I was young was 42
and so I was like Oh
420 that'll be great and I didn't I just
thought that's cool and then after I
like excitedly told someone they're like
you know that's Hitler's birthday Oh God
if you guys have never the story so I go
to propose to her at the Huntington
Library which is not a library
ambassador it's a beautiful garden okay
and they just started the the Chinese
garden they just started in at the time
and and so I took her there and she's
Chinese and I thought okay I mean I
don't know if this is appropriate or
racist but okay let's do it at the
Chinese garden I'll propose to her I
didn't know that there were no flowers
in the Chinese garden and I was like no
this is too ugly and there's too much
ugly okay guys okay my bad whatever I
didn't like it okay and there were too
many Chinese guys looking at me start
off races and I found this perfect
little like not table but just like a
seat under a 2-seater under a tree was
just idyllic and but you had to cross
this long lawn to get there and we said
I'm like alright good we're crossing
there and then a family comes so no just
like 30 seconds I know 15 seconds after
us and the kids start running towards a
tree you should have kids you should've
been running get there first so much
okay and I did I swear to God I won't
get the little brat so then we
go to and finally we get the flowers and
they all have little names if you've
ever been to a hunting library the the
roses have names the flowers have names
oh yeah and and so I'm about to
literally bend a knee right
- daenerys targaryen I'm gonna take this
freakin thing that I've had him in my
jacket I'm nervous about and it says uh
needling no news they were the Roses
unfortunate love like this is not
fortuitous I like I was like the mere
feel and then I got up oh we gotta go to
one more turn she's like this is so
weird
she's like you we have brunch planned
you love food you don't like anything
else and it's kind of hot and you're
wearing a jacket this is so weird oh my
god no baby I just want to see one more
garden she's like that no more garden is
not a sense and like the first thing I
sound like anything that's acceptable
said like first kiss I'm like good
enough
