well the young turks big day ahead for
you guys
lots of Cavanaugh's news including a TYT
scoop we have an important breaking news
on on something we have discovered about
Cavanaugh and it might go to a state of
mind and what did he know and what the
Republicans know before the allegations
so very very interesting where to get to
that in just a little bit in the program
and then later the program it turns out
water is tremendously wet more musings
of Donald Trump to be fair we know that
water is wet from the standpoint of
water from the standpoint of water okay
so we'll get to that a little bit later
in the program
he is the deviling but also at times
accidently amusing and actually there
might be good news from Donald Trump
today believe it or not and that would
be the most the hardest thing to believe
I know it seems a little unbelievable
but it might actually be the case good
news is not coming from Trump but there
is good news all right I we'll see we'll
see
okay now later in the day we have a
great rebel headquarters for you guys of
course we have an excellent postgame for
you i if you missed yesterday's posting
with Eric please if you remember to
check that out we've got a lot of people
saying then that was a really really
interesting discussion of race in
America a lot of people really enjoyed
that
Eric's part of our rebel headquarters
team and our TYT investigates team as
well t y-t-dot-com slash joined to get
all those post games today I got a
couple of deuces for you guys including
a story about debauchery in Vegas that
leads me to believe that we should tax
the rich even more okay so that's coming
up and then old school tonight so if you
remember it's a great day to be a member
T y-t-dot-com /join actually let's check
the thermometer real quick we did the
member drive started it right after
Labor Day at 27,000 661 it's now 31,000
no let's keep it real slow down a little
bit okay just do you keep it on 100 here
we're trying to get to a hundred the
campaign's be on the left side of
history progressives need a home we
believe we are it let's see we can get
the 31,000 600 by the end of today that
would be great it's not asking for a lot
but but any of you that ever care about
us fighting for progressives and getting
our dozens of shows that would be it's a
great time to do it okay
so let's get started with Cavanaugh what
do you got all right lots of updates on
the Cavanaugh story some of the
schoolmates who are personally you know
who have personally known the victim in
the Brett Kavanaugh case Kristine Blasi
for dr. Ford are coming forward and
they're sharing their experience going
to school with her and also some of the
things that they heard while they were
going to school and one of the latest
examples includes a woman by the name of
Kristina Miranda King she went to school
with dr. Ford and she shared her
perspective in a Facebook post which
soon went viral she didn't expect the
circus that she would then be pulled
into but I think it is important to
share her perspective with you now keep
in mind that what she shares is not
specified based on who she got the
information from so we don't know
whether or not this is something that
she heard because dr. Ford spoke about
it or if Cavanaugh spoke about it or if
Mark judge spoke about it but here's
what she shared Christine Blasi Ford was
a year or so behind me I did not know
her personally but I remember her this
incident did happen and here's what she
says following that many of us heard a
buzz about it indirectly with few
specific details however a Christine's
vivid recollection should be more than
enough for us to truly deeply know that
the accusation is true so apparently
people had heard vague details about
that occurrence and remember dr. Ford
said that she hadn't spoken to anyone
about it until she went to
therapy with her husband in 2012 so you
know I'm curious personally if if this
was spoken about back then where did
these details come from dr. Ford said
that she hadn't spoken but but remember
she said that she locked herself in a
bathroom and then ran out of the house
so it's when she heard the guys go to
finally go downstairs so it is entirely
possible with other people in the party
saw that or they heard it from Kavanaugh
or judge and then those rumors spread
around the school now if you are a court
of law this would be pretty pretty weak
evidence its second hand is from 35
years ago it's unclear how she heard it
and she heard rumors she didn't directly
witness it now in terms of whether it
affects your point of view on whether it
happened or not well I always try to
think of it in two ways one is what if
the shoe was on the other foot and and
the second is you know just being human
related to my own experiences so I
remember and I'm going to get into
details of it a particularly stark story
that was a rumor in my high school and
so does that mean that it definitely
happened and that it definitely happened
in the way that I remember
no but if that story came about in a
setting like this where it was either a
Republican let's say conservative or
liberal justice that was up for the
Supreme Court and people said that
person accused the other person of this
I'd say well I definitely remember that
story being told in high school now that
doesn't mean that it happened exactly in
that way but it does mean that certainly
people knew about it back then it's not
a figment of someone's imagination so
it's just that so when I look at it from
that human perspective of my own
perspective I think it makes it a little
bit more likely that it's true just a
little bit I mean yeah sure a little bit
I mean I would take this with a grain of
salt
however there is a bigger I guess effort
being taken by people who want to back
dr. Ford and these are people
who went to school with her who knew her
personally and they have signed a letter
stating that they not only support her
but they believe her because they also
experienced an environment where the
boys at this elite school act acted a
certain way and I didn't know this but
Julia louis-dreyfus is one of those
people who signed the letter she
actually went to the girls version of
this elite school and so she shared the
letter on Twitter and she also said I
was class of 79 and signed this letter
and to give you some more information
that the girl's school is holton arms
and it says that dr. Blasi Ford's
experience is all too consistent with
stories we heard and lived while
attending Holton many of us are
survivors ourselves so 200 women have
signed that so far and I think that that
means something yeah I think that Maria
Christina Miranda King's comments are
more relevant than that letter that
letter is relevant to give you the
context of the times but it says nothing
about Kavanagh or that particular party
or that particular incident it's just a
number of women saying stuff like that
used to happen with quite some with
quite regularity that's pretty vague
just gives you some context that's all
it doesn't mean that it's useless it's
that context is important so five former
federal prosecutors wrote an op-ed today
talking about why they believe that
christine Blasio Ford's version of the
story is very credible and so I just
want to go over real quick for you guys
because some of the stuff they were
saying backs up what we've been saying
for a couple of days they said look the
fact that she told the therapist back in
2012 about this incident and that would
taken as prosecutors we would look at
that very very seriously like why would
she make that up six years ahead of time
for something she has no idea what
happened today regarding that person she
took a polygraph test they said look we
it's not admissible in court but we know
in our experience that it is it's
relevant it's an important piece of data
that she
wanted to take one took one and passed
it
she is not particularly political so
doesn't have a deep motive here if she
worked in politics for some portion of
her life or today you might question her
motive more I like that they're thinking
at it from again from a prosecutor's
point of view as to what makes sense and
what doesn't and one more so one quick
and we've mentioned this in our prior
stories covering this she while she
hasn't worked in politics she has been a
democratic donor and not a huge donor
but she's given small donations to
Democratic candidates so just to be fair
it's not like she hasn't had anything to
do with politics
yeah no no but I mean she voted I hope a
lot of you vote that's a big thing
and their donations were small there
they're not these Soros Koch brothers
kind of she's not a like a big donor in
that sense this is like a regular person
who gave a little bit of money from time
to time so she cares about politics but
doesn't work in Polish yeah exactly I
just want to be absolutely clear yeah
that's right and then the last one is
the one we've been mentioning for a
couple of days which is that they say if
someone is making up a story remember
these prosecutors have had to deal with
people making up stories and they got to
decide when you prosecute the case you
go forward do you not right
they said for her to put a defense
witness in the room makes no sense at
all knowing that might judge the other
person in the room his friends with
Kavanagh and would likely be on
Kavanaugh side if you were making up the
story you just wouldn't put him in the
room it's just all that could do is hurt
you so the the therapist one and the mic
judge one are really good evidence that
there's excellent reasons to believer
she could still be wrong she could
remember wrong etc but when you add in
the today's news about you know Julia
louis-dreyfus backing her that's tiny I
mean she happens to be a celebrity you
could technically say the vice president
has backed her since she stars in veep
on HBO but I think the Miranda King one
is a little bit more relevant because we
remember that rumor it's just one more
piece of evidence Oh on top of what is
already pretty good evidence that she
didn't just
make this up out of nowhere right and
for me it's not about us deciding
whether or not Brett Kavanaugh is guilty
I mean we can have our opinions what's
important is for an investigation to
take place by the FBI the FBI wouldn't
do a criminal investigation since this
isn't considered a federal crime it's
considered a crime on a state level but
the FBI would do what it was doing
during the Nita Hill Clarence Thomas
sexual harassment case they wanted to
provide information so the Senate can
vote based on you know all the
information available in regard to the
accusations and that's what the FBI
should do here
of course Donald Trump as usual
fabricated things about the FBI he said
they really don't do that that's not
what they do
mm not remotely true they do it all the
time it's called the background check he
said well they already did six on on him
throughout his different hearings
earlier on to when he was up for
nominations for lower courts yeah that's
true but it's also true that in the Nina
Hill story the FBI jumped in and did
another background check once those
stories emerged because they wanted to
give the Senators as much information as
they could before they voted so there is
excellent precedent for doing that and
asking for that now unfortunately the
White House has to ask the FBI to do it
and Donald Trump of course says no way
so let's talk about that a little bit
because that's another angle to the
story that we should dig into all right
Christine dr. Christine Blasi for dr.
Christine Blasi Ford has agreed to
answer questions by the Senate Judiciary
Committee however she has specified one
specific condition and that condition is
that the FBI conduct an investigation
into the allegations before she
testified now it seems as though the
Trump administration is unwilling to
allow for that to happen the White House
would have to ask the FBI to conduct the
investigation and
be absolutely clear it is not a criminal
investigation that's being called for it
would be an investigation to look into
these allegations to provide senators
the information necessary so they can
make a decision the best that they can
however the Republicans in the Senate
are not happy with this and it seems
like they're going to push this Monday
testimony through and then go for a vote
so echoing Senate Democrats she said an
investigation should be the first step
before she has put quote on national
television to relive this traumatic and
harrowing incident but here's what
Republicans did they signaled that they
would not negotiate an alternative an
alternative date specifically and would
go ahead with the hearing without her or
declare it unnecessary if she refuses to
appear then possibly move to a vote now
one of her lawyers Lisa banks was
talking about this on CNN and here's
what she had to say about it are you
saying there has to be an investigation
by the FDA FBI or else
professor Ford will not testify what
we're saying is that there should be an
investigation because that's the right
thing to do if there's not an
investigation would she appear on Monday
she is prepared to cooperate with the
committee and with any law enforcement
investigation and and that has been her
position and it continues to be her
position so she will cooperate with the
committee in whatever form that takes
and it remains to be seen we have to
talk with Senator Grassley's office and
the other committee members to determine
what form that will take just a random
side note here that's what a lawyer
looks like it sounds like because we've
just gotten use of trumps lawyers on TV
all the time something is the truth
really truth is a crime really a crime
and we've gotten lawyers used to lawyers
being clowns on television but that's
what a professional lawyer sounds like
okay I agree yeah so all right so she
said I think that what dr. Ford is
asking for makes all the sense in the
world because quite honestly if you
don't have the FBI investigate this and
try to get to the bottom of the truth
you have two individuals testify
on this date which would be on Monday
and it would be at least painted as a he
said she said type situation I think
that it's important to have the FBI get
involved and try to find gets in the
bottom of the truth that way we're not
left trying to decide oh is she telling
the truth is he telling the truth now we
all have our opinions on who's telling
the truth but I think that the FBI would
really solidify the facts of this case
or at least say I'm a potential - so
what would they do now read
investigators saying well look just
background check 101 in a situation like
this is you simply start contacting all
the people in the yearbook okay over
those years and see if there are any
witnesses so it seems like it he says
she said but wait a minute probably a
lot of people at that party so now some
classmates have begun to come forward
and say that there were rumors of an
incident at that party well who was at
the party did they see the guy stumbling
down did they see her locked in the
bathroom did they see her run out in a
panic well those would be really really
relevant facts and why the FBI should do
that background check just like they did
in the Clarence Thomas Anita Hill case
and that's exempt doesn't want it done
he of course lies and says they don't
want to do it and it never gets done
neither one of those is true okay so he
doesn't want to done because one they
might find out things that corroborate
her story and two it's gonna take a
little longer and the longer it takes
the closer we get to the midterm
elections and the less likely it is that
they can confirm Cavanaugh or anyone
else and then if the Democrats went over
the Senate they might not be able to
confirm anyone so that's why the
Republicans like we've gotta go we gotta
go right now right I mean for the first
time ever
Republicans have your tick tick tick
tick in the back of their mind when it
comes to this case because they don't
look they want political wins they want
us a conservative Supreme Court justice
to be confirmed as soon as possible
because there is a pretty good chance
that Democrats would have more control
after the midterms and so they don't
they don't care whether or not this is
true right and I believe that some of
them already knew about
this before it became public information
we've talked about that before but what
I also find really interesting is the
way some Democrats are reacting to it so
you have Democrats who are coming out
strong and I commend them for that and
then you have wannabe Democrats like
Feinstein who say things that are used
to the Republicans advantage and this
drove me crazy so she was stopped by Fox
News and Fox News interviewed her and
here's what she had to say and keep in
mind
conservatives are now using her words
against dr. Ford no one called her or
called her lawyer my understanding is
she got emails I have no say I'm the
lead Democrat so this is all up to the
Republican side I can't say everything
streusel I don't know okay so it's just
saying I can't say anything's truthful
right like you'll have one political
party who's like she's lying
we don't believe her right they have no
problem saying they don't believe dr.
Ford right off the bat even though they
have no idea and then Feinstein just
don't say I don't know if she's telling
the truth I mean that's a fair statement
in in a real world where things aren't
as dirty as they are here in the United
States keep that to yourself
find a way to finesse this situation and
say something that is that's gonna play
better so your own words won't be used
against dr. Ford the way I would have
handled it is I would have said you know
I think it's important I'm inclined to
believe the client but I think it's
important for the FBI to investigate
this and get to the bottom of the truth
yeah and unfortunately Feinstein keeps
slipping up and framing things from a
Republican perspective she's done it
many times before and and Anna's right
that this is not a normal situation
where if you're having a conversation
between friends and you want to be fair
and say look I don't know that it
definitely happened that's a fair
statement but if you say that in the
context of today's America that quote
will be taken out of context and put in
every paper in every right-wing blog and
every cable news show and that's exactly
what's happened so it makes it seem like
her main backer Feinstein says
have no idea who's known the truth and
especially when you see it written as
opposed to the context even of that
short interview there so it's the
Democrats are quite often frustrating
but look I'm but from a person who wants
to get out what's real instead of just
picking sides I wish they would all come
at it with a more open mind so a bunch
of the Republicans have already said oh
no she's she's definitely quote-unquote
mixed up and I'm sir that's their play
now that maybe it's possible that this
did happen but it does it wasn't
Kavanagh she's mixed up that is the
talking point that they're now repeating
over and over again in the news cycle
yeah and a whole bunch of them like corn
and say no just no way not true again
how do you know you didn't talk to her
you don't you won't let the FBI do the
background check you won't talk to
witnesses and so to be fair the
Republicans a couple of them did come
forward like corker and flake and say no
we got to hear people out which leads me
to my last point change this tune though
no I know you did corker said
Republicans extended a hand in good
faith if we don't hear from both sides
on Monday let's vote no I know and so I
don't agree with him of course I think
they should have the FBI do the
background check and and and not just
for political reasons of wanting to
delay it but like let's find out I mean
again Judge Napolitano we live in
strange times made a good point on Fox
News where he said look if they don't
take their time to find out what
actually happened it's gonna stain
Cavanaugh forever so maybe he didn't do
it and but if you just rush through it
people will always have that question
mark over them and so now given that I
still think she should testify and so
let's let's talk it through but I would
not testify I wouldn't and you know I
had the same opinion as you until I
looked into it further the reason why I
wouldn't testify at this point is
because Republican senators have made
they've made up their minds and so is
there any possibility that having her
testify would change their minds at this
point no they've made up their mind
however there is a possibility if you
have the backing of the FBI
remember the SDI yes dr. Ford is the one
asking the FBI to do the investigation I
think that that's powerful
by itself because that means no I want
them to get to the bottom of this and I
want to have what they're gonna find is
gonna back me up that's what it messages
to everyone in my opinion so having any
possible evidence or information that
the FBI could have would help strengthen
her testimony otherwise she's just gonna
testify in a room full of dudes who have
already decided that she's making things
up or she's mixed up and by the way
she's dealing with what you can expect
the death threats she's moved out of her
home she's in hiding now she's hired
private security she's this is a
difficult thing for her to go through
and I think that you know if you're
gonna testify to put yourself through
that you want it to be worth it yeah you
know it's we we have gotten used to the
six state of society because we often
get the threats so frequently that we've
kind of become inured to them but it is
it's sad that anytime anybody comes
forward politically it's against the
right wing it's a fact that they will
immediately get death threats people
will find out where they live and
they'll have to change where they live I
mean think about how fascistic that is
and how sick that is said and she was
worried about that and and that's what
she got immediately but look on the core
issue here whether she should testify
now if they really vote on Monday and
and they don't hear from her that that's
terrible and so I think that she would
my guess is that attacking her would
backfire if she had to go testify my
guess is that hearing it from the person
herself would make a big impact on the
country and so it's less than ideal to
say the least under these circumstances
without a background investigation to
testify but in my opinion it's way
better than not testifying and having
them just push this through I hear what
you're saying but I'm getting so tired
of people Cavey
two Republicans who just want political
wins and doing everything under their
terms I feel like they just want to rush
this that's the way that this is playing
out they just got really wonderful we
wonder if what midterms are coming we're
losers and we're gonna lose the house
and so and possibly the Senate and we
don't want to risk that
right so no no let's let's hurry up with
Surya buzzy that's so pathetic that's so
because here's the thing at the end of
the day this is about way more than
political wins we're talking about a
lifetime appointment as a Supreme Court
justice
someone who's gonna hand down rulings or
decide on cases that affect all of our
lives whether you're a man or a woman
but to the Republicans that doesn't
matter we want a conservative we want a
pro corporate conservative in the
Supreme Court and so who cares if he's
hurt people in the past we don't want to
get to the bottom of the truth I don't
want to cave to that I don't want to
cave to that and do everything under
their terms you see what I'm saying but
I do see your point it is important for
her to testify I don't I don't know what
the right answer is I just know if I
were in her shoes I'd want the same
thing
and look those are tough tough shoes to
be in right now cuz she's gonna get
attacked either way whether she
testifies her a dozen the Republicans
already hate her and by the way if she
doesn't testify and they just push this
through some Democrats might be
frustrated and so she's in a really bad
spot it's another piece of evidence that
that why would you go come forward on
something like this knowing that you're
gonna get stuck in this catch-22 and and
your life is gonna be turned upside down
if it didn't if it didn't happen and
while you share your thoughts of feeling
sorry for her that she has to go through
all this and we know how brutal people
can be when it comes to politics
Donald Trump has decided that the real
victim in this story is Brett Kavanaugh
and he spoke about it again so take a
look really they're hurting somebody's
life very badly and a
right thing to do as you know just as
Kavanagh has been treated very very
tough and his family I think it's a very
unfair thing what's going on and he's
has an unblemished record this is a very
tough thing for him and his family and
we want to get it over with at the same
time we want to give tremendous amounts
of time I really want to see her I
really would want to see what she has to
say if she shows up that would be
wonderful
if she doesn't show up that would be
unfortunate so couple of things there
Anna one it's obvious that he was
coached whatever you do not attack her
that is gonna cost you
elections now even if it doesn't cost
you personally it's gonna cost the
Republicans do not attack her for once
in his life he at least had enough
discipline not to attack her he wanted
attacking the Democrats and Feinstein
etc later on but he can't help himself
he's got to embellish everything so he
said we're gonna give this tremendous
amounts of time because they told him
hate sound like you're being fair right
tremendous amounts of time the
Republicans just said they're gonna vote
on Monday is three days tremendous in
four days tremendous amounts of time but
he has to add tremendous in front of
everything but of course the core point
is not my god she she might have gone
through this even if it wasn't Cavanaugh
I feel terrible for her and we hope
she's okay that doesn't even occur to
him he just constantly looks at it from
the point of view of the accused shoes
he stood in plenty of times before for
good reason so he's always alibi God
it's so unfair to him it's so unfair to
him and and he said it about Porter he
said it about himself he said it about
almost every man who has been accused of
committing some sort of transgression
towards a woman and almost never in any
of those instances
did he ever once say oh I feel terrible
for her of course not of course not but
I will give him I guess some credit for
somehow managing to avoid a
hacking her specifically right yeah
because he can't control himself like I
feel like he's gonna blow in any moment
yeah that was the most amount of
self-control I have ever seen him
exercise
kind of amazing and by the way was that
a good statement not remotely clownish
ridiculous statement but that's as good
as it gets with Donald Trump but the
whole time as I was looking at him it to
me screamed bully there's parts of his
statement really fast that maybe gives
more credence to her not doing because I
was thinking too
let's hear from her that's the first
thought because we least want to see
what the real story is and he keeps
saying when you talk about not doing
anything with the FBI I've trusted
Congress to do what they're gonna do
they're gonna get to the bottom of
they're gonna work it out I trust them
to do it I want to hear her the plan is
to I mean we've seen it before we know
the playbook
it's to attack her character find
anything you can about her and that will
be the litany of the things they will
come after with who are you what'd you
do this time there's one time you were
16 what about that time you were 17 and
then time you're 21 what about then and
the whole time would be taking her down
with no back background to what really
happened that's the plan and he's like I
can't wait to see her show up so we can
go after her that is the plan and that's
what they're setting up for he trusts
them to do the takedown
so yeah Jerry it's a really good point
and and it backs up what Anna was saying
earlier so it's a really good point yeah
so one more striking against testifying
is what if they're planning an ambush
and it's it's not like it's not possible
and no no no look that ambush could turn
into a disaster for themselves if
they're perceived as attacking this
respected doctor who is coming forward
under this traumatic situation etc but
if they start getting into oh yeah but
at the age of 21 did you this at the age
of 37 did you do that right and then
with without any advanced knowledge he
has a defender whole life all right
while the entire nation is watching
that's a hell of a spot to be here and
remember this is a hearing where they're
testifying about these allegations
you're not gonna have the lawyer get
involved and be like you know what do
they say again
objection I'm not out of order you're
out of order in the court order to the
court there's none of that right so it's
it's even more difficult than a criminal
case involving Ali because the whole
nation is judging exactly yeah look it's
a it's a very very tough spot I really
hope the country hears her point of view
but I understand the significant
downsides of that yeah let's take a
break when we come back have a scoop and
we want to share it with you yeah it's
an important story the trt MSE it's
broke it's about Cavanaugh and I don't
want you to miss it because it could
make a big difference we'll do that when
we return we hope you're enjoying this
free clip from The Young Turks if you
want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
comm slash joined today in the meantime
enjoy this free se
all right bagging a Young Turks first I
want to go to the members comments here
Reinaldo Johnson writes in I love that
Jake and Anna don't always agree and
that I don't always agree with one or
either of you a news delivered by humans
not humanoids so who did you agree with
in that last segment we hold oh let me
finish the comment then they say I agree
with Anna JR this time okay all right so
that's how you want to roll I got duly
noted
really noted okay now I'm gonna Twitter
Kara curly writes in it's so frustrating
that in situations like this women have
to move and get death threats but the
men get defended and called like babies
it's not great but because of me trust
the woman far more because of it yes
right now as Trump said oh my feel so
bad for him and so unfair for him
meanwhile she's in hiding worried about
her life hiring private security right
by the way with her I don't know how
she's gonna afford those lawyers in the
private security and people have no idea
how that ruins your life financially -
okay Santos want they rights in
Republicans wid an entire for the
presidency to end before filling a
vacancy Skoda seat what's the rush
another great point and of course they
don't care about that hypocrisy but they
waited 14 months and did not fill
Merrick garland that's seat for Merrick
garland so but now all of a sudden like
we got a vote by Monday we're going to
vote by Monday so we have one more thing
that I want to tell you guys about a lot
of you've been asking hey look I'm
already a member can I also donate or
give money somehow to support what you
guys are doing my answer to that is yes
okay so we literally came up with T
y-t-dot-com slash slash yes so thank you
guys for constantly asking about that in
making us do it yes if you want to give
money there look anytime you like
something we say you want to go to your
t.com slash yes and you know do a
donation
bless your heart supports home and
progresses and makes us more possible
and we appreciate you guys looking out
for us okay now let's give the story we
broke all right back in 2015
Brett Kavanaugh gave a speech at
Catholic University's law school and
during that speech he said something
interesting especially given some of the
sexual assault allegations against him
today take a look at what he said during
that speech we had good saying that we
we've held firm to the to this day as
the Dean was reminding me before before
the talk which is what happens at
Georgetown Prep stays at Georgetown Prep
that's been a good thing for all of us
look that's certainly not dispositive a
lot of people have said that because of
the Vegas tagline and he's kidding
around but what happened next is
interesting and what TYT investigates
has uncovered exactly so TYT
investigates
looked at the documentation that he
submitted to the Senate Judiciary
Committee of course this is part of
their review in the confirmation process
so he's supposed to disclose as much as
possible including some of the speeches
that he's given now TYT investigates
found that Cavanaugh's claimed that what
happens at Georgetown Prep stays at
Georgetown Prep was the saying of his
high school was the saying of his in
high school that does not appear in a
transcript of the speech he submitted in
response to the Senate Judiciary
Committee's questionnaire so they asked
for this documentation he submitted it
he submitted the speech but he took that
part out of the speech out of the
transcript
yeah and gentlemen Larsen
this story he makes it clear later it's
the transcript if here's an essay form
as it appeared in the spring 2016 issue
of the Catholic University Law Review so
he spoke in 2015 they put it in the Law
Review in 2016 and and that's and they
took it out of that particular
transcript so it's not clear if
Cavanaugh asked them to take it out or
after school for whatever reason made
that decision on their own TYT reached
out but it got a very generic answer
from the school that was not that didn't
prove anything either way they said the
Law Review publishes articles submitted
by legal scholars and practitioners on a
quarterly basis so that doesn't really
address the question now why is this so
important well if Cavanaugh asked that
that part be taken out of the transcript
he would have asked back in 2015 or 2016
well before the allegations came out in
2018 so what made him concerned enough
to ask them to take it out of the
transcript not only that he then
submitted that transcript to the Senate
and so it had to be accurate and it was
not accurate and and the part that it
left out was not irrelevant it was not a
just a random anecdote about something
that happened in at the school cafeteria
it was it was a anecdote that was
exactly relevant to these allegations
well so I want to give you the entirety
of that part of the speech because I
think even when you add even more
context to it it's I don't know I find
it more interesting so let's go to
graphic 12a so he had said mic bid will
dawn Urgo and filled Merkel all people
the FBI should speak to and they were
all good friends they were good friends
of mine then and are still good friends
of mine as recently as this weekend when
we were all on email together but
fortunately we had a good saying that
we've held firm to to this day as the
Dean was reminding me before the talk
which is what happens at Georgetown Prep
stays at Georgetown Prep that's been a
good thing for all of us
I think that was the original speech
that's a speech he gave but then in the
version that was submitted in the
transcript he said I'm proud to say that
three Georgetown Prep classmates of mine
Mike bid will Donner go and film Urkel
happened to be 1990 graduates of this
law school they remained very good
friends of mine and they well reflect
the values and excellence of both
Georgetown prep and this law school so
he will be testifying on Monday
Democratic senators should ask him did
you take that part out and why did you
take it out why would you know in 2015
or 2016 to take out that part if you
thought there was never any allegations
against you
so if because if he had left it in okay
they did a lot of drinking back in the
day no one cares about that okay it's so
if you said oh just kidding around and
we did a Georgetown Prep when we drank
when we were underage and we shouldn't
have stayed at Georgetown prep and you
didn't have a guilty conscience at all
you'd leave that in why wouldn't you
leave that in why would you try to take
it out but if you're worried that some
allegation is gonna come forward that is
far far more serious than you would take
it out and that means you knew about it
because right now Cavanaugh is claiming
all right I might have known her in
passing but I didn't know who was gonna
accuse me before she revealed herself
because this never happened no incident
like this had ever happened
so golly gee I wouldn't know anything
about this and so now there's also
evidence that that they knew each other
before then so him saying I knew her in
passing seems you know also a little bit
questionable but this is a question that
must be asked in the hearings who took
out that statement and why did they take
it out yeah I think it's very relevant
so we'll see we'll see if anyone asks
that question but I am curious what his
answer is yes and as always I want to
thank all of you guys that made T YT
investigates possible
that's your reporting team that's
bringing out important revelations and
questions I should be asked in a very
important time in American history here
and please go and check out all articles
at TYT comm slash investigates
and if you're watching this later we'll
have the link down below in the
description box some great great stories
quoted from Bernie Sanders all the way
to the New York Times from great
reporters like Kent clippin Stein who
revealed that that they were trading
Saudi pilots who might be doing doing
the bombings of civilians in Yemen here
in America now drones going to the
border so many other important stories
that have been broken by the TYT
investigates crew let's take a break
when we come back Donald Trump goes
after Jeff Sessions again and other news
including his thoughts on Comey again
they're going after sessions is
unbelievable
maniacal right I've never seen anything
like this as usual okay in this get with
this guy I will come back and tell you
exactly what he did
