now there's no question that Hillary
Clinton made some monumental mistakes
during the 2016 election otherwise how
could you lose to a guy who was pulling
a 37 percent on the day of the election
who was at the time appeared to be the
most unpopular person who had ever run
for president now she did get three
million more votes than him but did not
win the electoral college so there was a
ton of mistakes made and she wrote a
book called what happened I know that
the book doesn't have the question mark
but it might as well because apparently
she doesn't get it so in the book she
has blamed almost everyone but herself
and she does the obligatory sure there
were mistakes made but her real passion
is when she's blaming others so New York
Times is an excerpt that I wanted to
read you guys where she blames Obama for
her coal miners line now before I read
it to you
the New York Times description of that I
want you to understand you remember when
she said we're gonna put a lot of coal
miners out of business you might have
seen that clip out of context you might
have seen it in a Trump ad now she was
actually saying that rhetorically like
are we gonna put a lot of coal miners
out of business and she went on to say
in the next sentence no what we're gonna
do is create new jobs with new
technologies and I should bring new jobs
to that area she didn't have to run from
that clip at all she should have
attacked on that clip she should have
said Donald Trump is a liar who lies
about that on purpose took it out of
context on purpose because he's a
goddamn liar she should have used those
same exact words she should have said it
in a debate she should have challenged
him on it and she should have challenged
the media to do their homework on it
that would have been a more aggressive
campaign a campaign that had a much
better chance of winning instead she
thinks yes it was a mistake to say that
even rhetorically asking it which is
don't miss that's not a mistake anyway
and then it's Obama's fault so how the
world did she get there let's find out
she made a connection between mr. Obama
in what she called her biggest gaffe of
the campaign telling voters in Ohio
quote we're going to put a lot of coal
miners and coal companies out of
business mrs. Clinton is
the line was taken out of context was
said mr. Obama had fed the narrative of
democratic hostility toward coal miners
by announcing a plan that set
state-by-state targets for carbon
emission reductions and a framework for
meeting them at the White House next to
the head of mi Environmental Protection
Agency now let's break that down into
its two parts which are both disastrous
well one is Obama made me say it no he
didn't he didn't make you say it in that
way I mean if it wasn't whereas policy I
wouldn't even be talking about that
Obama didn't run the campaign he won the
two campaigns he ran including the one
against you no no you have to take some
degree of personal responsibility you're
becoming caricature of what the
right-wing describe liberal says you've
got to take some personal responsibility
that you said those things and yes it
was out of context and yes you didn't
put it into the proper context which
would have been the right thing to do
and you should have fought back hard on
that but then to turn around and blame
Obama for it is playing the blame game
in really the most outrageous and
ridiculous way and then the second part
of the problem here is but when you look
at the substance of the issue Obama
actually did something great for climate
change it was one of the few areas where
he was fairly progressive in his second
term it's not a credit I often give him
for being very progressive but in that
case credit where credit is due he did
the right thing and Clinton thinks up oh
my god he put me in a tough spot by
being a progressive and doing something
that was progressive making me defend it
and then making me say something I
shouldn't have said oh that's so wrong
the thousand different ways because for
her every the right wing must be
appeased so if you go if you make it
mistake in the right wing direction you
have to blame it on someone else it's a
real mistake etc but her tacks against
the left
she never apologized for in fact she
doubles down in the book about those as
she doesn't consider them to be a
mistake in when in reality that cost her
so many more votes so in the book she
talks about how single-payer health care
will quote never ever happen but that's
why you lost the election whether you
think that single-payer is a good idea
or not even
do you think it's practical or not how
do you not understand that you innovated
your own base you SAP them of their
energy and and their desire to go out
and fight for you and vote for you by
saying out your priorities they're never
ever gonna happen but she doesn't even
think that's a mistake because she
thinks like a Washington right winger
she thinks what if you spit on
progressives and they better like it
otherwise it's their fault you lost the
election for right wing oh I'm so sorry
coal mining companies well Obama made me
say that those terrible things about the
giant coal mining companies when in fact
I love you I'm so sorry
goddamn it it's even worse than that
here's another icer from the book when
she says she's talking about the same
situation Bernie Sanders asked her to do
more
she says someone sent me a Facebook post
that summed up the dynamic in which we
were caught referring to like Bernie's
promises of whether it's free education
college education or single-payer etc
Bernie this is the Facebook post she's
quoting Bernie I think America should
get a pony
Hillary how will you pay for the pony
where will the pony come from how we get
Congress to agree to the pony Bernie
Hillary thinks America doesn't deserve a
pony Bernie supporters Hillary hates
ponies Hillary actually I love ponies
Bernie supporters she changed her
position on ponies which Hillary which
hashtag which Hillary's spelled other
way headline Hillary refused to give
every American a pony debate moderator
hilly Hillary how do you feel when
people say you lie about ponies see
that's her vision of what happened in
the election which is progressives you
think you can get a free college
education for your kids and they get to
live the American dream no that cost 75
billion dollars a year but wait a minute
Hillary you voted for the Iraq war that
cost one and a half trillion dollars at
a minimum and you thought that was
affordable but when it comes to the
American dream you said not for the
middle class who do you want a pony and
she revels in it you say that you're in
theoretically in favor of single-payer
but we'll never ever get it oh you want
a pony and then you say what no I love
ponies I mean I'm not gonna fight for a
pony I'm not gonna give you a
I'm not gonna do anything in going in
that direction at all but I guess you
guys wanted huh fine I'll say it and
then you won't give me credit and you
thought the moderators were against you
on which planet every single time Bernie
Sanders you're a socialist now look at
what happened in Cuban what look looking
at what happened in Venezuela is why
don't you tell us how you're not like
Fidel Castro and you're not like you go
Chavez what these are not practical
Bernie Sanders how could you explain
your impractical positions in every
single debate they supported you a
hundred percent
but even that no I'm a victim I'm a
victim of the moderate you thought the
model the moderators leak questions to
you but she thinks the moderators were
not on her side and she abused
progressive with great disdain and you
could see it in her own book and she
doubles down on it and then wonders why
she lost that's why you lost and yes
there were many contributing factors
James Comey the Russians the weather etc
but those factors always exist you can't
say afterwards but it rained that day
you've got to be able to win even if it
rains even if you get a couple of
curveballs to afterwards to blame your
own side and apologize the right wing
and to take some of the fuel progressive
accomplishments of Obama and then
denounce it afterwards that's why you
lost Trump's voters got excited for him
showed up to vote yours didn't it wasn't
their fault it was your fault for not
understanding them and actually showing
them hey here is how you could get a
college education for your kids here's
how you could get single-payer she never
believed it she thought if I say that
it'll be a convenient lie but in reality
I don't think we're ever gonna get it
well if I don't think I'm ever gonna get
progressive priorities why do I bother
to show up to vote for you that's why
you lost support independent media come
join us at the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
