but it's also not just the government
it's the media as well so I want to talk
about a media matters analysis of the
broadcast coverage of Hurricane Harvey
from August 23rd to September 7th
they found that neither ABC nor NBC
aired a single segment on their morning
evening or Sunday news shows that
mentioned the link between climate
change and hurricanes and we know how
much the media was covering those
hurricanes they just chose not to make
that connection clear CBS and P B's PBS
Newshour
each aired three segments which is
something Fox actually aired six
segments that mention climate change but
most of those dismissed the link between
climate change and hurricanes so thank
you Fox for doing that CNN and MSNBC
each aired five segments that
legitimately discussed the link so CNN
MSNBC certainly could do more
considering their 24-hour day coverage
of the Hurricanes
but they at least did mention it on
multiple occasions so ABC NBC or zero
I'm doing quick math here NBC and PBS is
six but Fox News is six against right so
that's just five networks that is a net
zero yeah so golly gee I don't know what
happened all the world's scientists
agree what happened they all agree that
the storms are worse because of climate
change but on TV the so-called liberal
media you actually almost never hear
that now CNN and MSNBC are 24 hours a
day so Wow in this giant period of a
week no two weeks at least August 23rd
to September 7 they did a combined ten
segments in this span of you know 24
hours after 24 hours and this is giant
news but at least give them credit that
they did it that's true to be fair I
mean we do two hours a day I know we've
done more than ten segments in the past
two weeks and we do far less than 112th
coverage that they do yeah victory the
right wing and I hate to you know I hate
to always I don't want to be
name-calling but it's just it from the
right they effectively message and the
message that they have they allowed to
get out there and it's stuck is that
talk about climate change is a
politicization of science
and they've they've created this idea
that talking about it is now a leftist
thing to do and newsrooms at those
networks have accepted that and it's
just not true there is science behind
this but I think that's their messaging
sticking and and and it's being
internalized in editorial decisions that
their networks so look the one thing we
can see here fairly definitively shown
is that there is no liberal media bias
if anything it's the opposite
if you think that some of the people who
work there are liberals okay that's I
understand that and there are some
studies that back that up in terms it's
a mainly talking about print journalists
but on TV I wouldn't be surprised either
so we're not denying that reality okay
but first of all they don't make the
decisions the higher-ups make the
decisions and the higher-ups are at a
multi billion dollar corporation they
are not liberals they those corporations
want lower taxes they want deregulation
and by the way part of deregulation is
on this issue as well so there's if we
were going to take proper precautions by
climate change we're out we would have a
lot more English some of their top
advertisers our fossil fuel industry so
there's a lot of factors that lead them
to not being remotely liberal that's not
fair chain BP is just trying to sell
gigantic barrels of oil to regular
people watching the morning show on
MSNBC I've no one in my bedroom it's big
but it could come in handy something
that by the way if you don't know that
there's companies that don't sell
anything to the public now at least
you've BP could make an argument what
you could stop at our gas stations and
whether they're in your neighborhood is
a lot more relevant I did this ad but at
least they can make an argument there's
some giant companies that don't sell
anything to consumers but they do
millions of dollars in advertising and
TV why do you think they do that they do
that so you don't talk about the
problems that they create this is an
excellent example of that and and so
finally even if you think that they are
actually Lib all liberals of these media
organizations then they have at least
been cowed by the right-wing into not
saying anything because oh my god goes
river that goes liberal even though all
this
disagree what's happening let us not
report the facts let's not report the
facts because of the names that the
right-wing might call us that's not
journalism that's something else
altogether if you are neutral to the
facts that means you are not a
journalist you have to be objective
about the facts neutral is some people
say there's climate change none other
people say there's a climate change I
wish I was a journalist I could figure
out what your was which okay but I'm not
going to tell you I'm just going to shut
up because otherwise folks this is my
yell at me an objective journalist goes
here is what the scientists are
reporting definitively here's what the
reality is here's why your family's
suffering here's why we're having
climate change here's why the hurricanes
are much more severe do your job in the
media do your job and if you won't well
I guess what's happening now is what's
going to happen which is that we'll
replace you that is why a lot of these
networks have audiences that are ancient
they're not adding anyone new because I
got news for you online we can look
things up so when you omit the facts
when you don't do real journalism people
don't trust you anymore and they just
leave and that's exactly what's
happening right now
support independent media come join us
the Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
