the special counsels investigation into
possible Russian collusion by the Trump
administration continues and through
this investigation we're finding more
and more interesting tidbits about what
happened during this past election
information that was unraveled by our
intelligence communities and now we have
even more elaborate detail into just how
far Russia went in order to play a role
in our elections now recently Facebook
let investigators know that through
their own investigation into their ad
sales they found that they had sold ads
to individuals who are basically working
for the internet research agency that is
a Russian troll farm these are
individuals who purposely put out fake
information or propaganda in order to
lead to divisive nough sand negativity
and other things that could potentially
sway some of the more vulnerable
undecided voters out there so
representatives of Facebook told
congressional investigators Wednesday
that the social network has discovered
that it sold ads during the u.s.
presidential campaign to the shadowy
Russian companies seeking to target
voters they trace the ad sales totaling
$100,000 to a Russian troll farm with a
history of pushing pro-kremlin
propaganda so there were about 3,300 ads
that had digital footprints that led to
this particular Russian company again
the internet research agency now can I
just say real quick that ex-employees of
that particular company have come out
and said yes we definitely push
pro-kremlin propaganda in other
instances and this was quotes from
earlier because this story about
Facebook just broke obviously and so for
example Boris Nemtsov who was a Putin
critic was murdered in 20015 and this
same company immediately started doing a
personal attacks on his character after
he was killed
gee I wonder if the Russian government
killed him I can't
I tell but this is what they do after
you know they kill someone they smear
unfortunately sometimes we see that here
in America as well but they then turn
their trolling to outside of Russia and
in this case to our elections to our
elections so the earliest instance that
Facebook found was back in 2015 when you
know the election season started to
really ramp up and at that point the ads
that were put out there the content that
was put out there by this Russian troll
farm focused specifically on Hillary
Clinton and Donald Trump although
Facebook is refusing to identify which
candidate these trolls were endorsing
you know which one it was everybody
knows it hey look if it turns out
Facebook says later hey you know what
they were actually supporting Hillary
Clinton that would be amazing and we
would report that and we would go wow we
didn't see that coming right and that's
also terrible by the way if they were
supporting Hillary Clinton we don't want
any meddling of the license no matter
whose side they were on
right but you know in reality of course
it was Ronald Trump so here's what else
Facebook found through their own
investigation their team's discovered
470 suspicious and likely fraudulent
Facebook accounts and pages that it
believes operated out of Russia had
links to the company and were involved
in promoting the ads now although they
declined to say which candidate the ads
favored now most of the ads appear to
focus on amplifying divisive social and
political messages across the
ideological spectrum touching on topics
from LGBT matters to race issues to
immigration to gun rights I want to
pause exist super important guys you got
to be careful about what's going on on
the Internet because there are troll
forms out there and their whole job is
to divide us so mission number one for
Russia was create so division inside the
United States caused chaos mission
number two was I mean can you imagine if
Trump got elected that would be amazing
since he owes us all that money and we
have Co per month on him now that part
is my speculation backed up by overwhelm
circumstantial evidence that's already
public but I think that they probably
like a lot of other people thought it
was a long shot but their ads did go
towards very likely and based on what we
know already went towards Donald Trump
and attacking Hillary Clinton but not
exclusively New York Times did a story
about six months ago that there was
another troll former farm out of
Macedonia and they were trying to divide
the Democrats now again that helps Trump
and the Republicans but the way that
they were dividing Democrats were by
posing as Bernie Bros who would then say
sexist and outrageous stuff to other
Democrats so that the Hillary Clinton
team could then go you see that you
shouldn't trust any of the Bernie people
here are these Bernie bros saying sexist
things it turns out it was the Russians
that's amazing it's a New York Times
story this one is and Washington Post
story so when you see people that go on
these hot-button issues and try to
provoke you calm down it might be a
troll in Eastern Europe and don't buy
into that now when you see actual human
beings on TV dividing you that's real
okay and and so that's a different
category but but they want to they want
us to to be at each other's throats on
social media so don't help them do that
don't help them do that and you know
it's incredible how much it worked
because I'm sure we all experienced it
where you see an article that has
outlandish allegations and claims and
people will buy into it and then people
engage into debates as to whether or not
it's real whether it's Hillary Clinton
having a terminal illness or Seth rich
allegedly getting murdered by someone in
the DNC or pizza gate like all sorts of
nonsense kept popping up on Facebook and
you know I don't know if those specific
conspiracies and those specific fake
news stories came specifically from
these Russian troll farms but that's the
kind of stuff that you saw in social
media and when you consider the fact
that a lot of people get their
information from what's shared on social
media it's concerning now the next day
on that issue because I took a lot of
heat from folks when I said Hillary
Clinton
not terminally ill well I'm waiting for
your apology cuz she has not yet you
were convinced that she has some sort of
brain tumor or something like that
anyway yeah and by the way on the show a
lot of it some of it was you guys you
guys meaning generally so tiny sliver of
the audience right and someone was the
trolls we're like o-genki or whatever
right and then CNN etc whoever they
direct it to oh you're just shilling for
her when she obviously is mentally
disabled I've seen the debates there is
someone mentally disabled in the debates
and it isn't Hillary good okay so and
it's goes with the conspiracy theories
on the right as well where they're like
Obama's gonna do the FEMA camps he left
office there was no FEMA camps I'm still
waiting for the apology
so anyway and and some of it helped
Hillary Clinton speak and they use that
to say AHA here's a Twitter account who
no one can trace that says something
sexist and pretended to be for Bernie
Sanders and the Clinton machine love
that and they would purposely pick that
up and go you see that everybody who's
in favor of the most liberal senator in
the country is sexist and racist they
use it for their own purposes so there
was a lot of bad intent on a lot of
sides here absolutely one other thing
that I wanted to bring up is now that we
have this information it's up to
investigators to figure out whether or
not this is something that the Russian
troll farm did on its own with the
influence of the Kremlin or if there was
some potential possible involvement by
the Trump camp
whether or not the Trump camp directed
individuals to do what they did with
these Facebook ads so the investigation
continues again it's a very slow and
steady drip of information that we're
getting but considering the fact that in
November Mark Zuckerberg completely
denied that there was a fake news
problem on Facebook it's interesting to
see how far they've come in kind of
accepting what's really going on know
now there's a ton of
to Donald Trump on the Russian
government during the campaign and way
before the campaign but to be fair there
is no smoking gun yet on this issue of
did the Trump campaign know about the
troll farms I have not seen evidence of
that yet and Facebook it has not
presented evidence of that yet
so I just want to be fair and clear on
that why are we suspicious of them I
mean there's just a fight about the
meeting that they had with those Russian
like officials and a thousand other
things Donald Trump jr. just came out
and said oh I met with the Russian
lawyers and I know I in the email I said
I love it that they were gonna give me
information about Hillary Clinton from a
foreign source I'm not supposed to get
it from I didn't mean I love it that I'm
gonna get that illegal information I
meant that I love it that they were
setting up the meeting it was such a
nice thing for them to do I wasn't
trying to get bad information about
Hillary Clinton I was just trying to
make sure she was fit for office wanted
to make sure she was okay oh come on
does anybody believe that even if you're
a right winger you can't believe that
come on so they obviously did want to
work with the Russians in some ways
whether they actually worked with them
in this way is yet to be determined
exactly if you liked this video you love
the whole TYT Network check it out at
TYT Network comm slash join
