the defensive end for the Seattle
Seahawks Michael Bennett is making
headlines after he shared a detailed
encounter that he had with police
officers in Las Vegas now this was an
encounter that he had with the cops
after the Mayweather MacGregor fight
that just recently happened he starts
off by saying that he was with a group
of people he hears what he thought and
what people thought were gunshots
and so people start to run at that point
cops
approached him and they singled him out
now I'm gonna give you his exact wording
this is a statement that he released on
Twitter to share his story he said after
the fight while heading back to my hotel
several hundred people heard what
sounded like gunshots like many of the
people in the area I ran away from the
sound looking for safety Las Vegas
police officers singled me out and
pointed their guns at me for doing
nothing more than simply being a black
man in the wrong place at the wrong time
now he details what they did to him
physically as I laid on the ground
remember at this point they've
apprehended him complying with his
commands to not move he placed his gun
near my head and warned me that if I
moved he would blow my head off
terrified and confused by what was
taking place a second officer came over
and forcefully jammed his knee into my
back making it difficult for me to
breathe they then clinched the handcuffs
on my wrist so tight that my fingers
went numb now that was his explanation
of the encounter TMZ managed to obtain
some surveillance of what occurred and
they released it on their website we
have a portion of that surveillance for
you and it seems to corroborate
Bennett's a you know version of the
encounter I want to show that to you
guys right now
so later on they placed him in a patrol
car and then later let him go when they
realized who he was again he is the
defensive end for the Seattle Seahawks
he is not any type of criminal he did
absolutely nothing wrong
in fact after an investigation they
found that found out that those sounds
weren't even from a gun and he is
planning on filing a civil lawsuit
against the police department ok so
marginal rights lawsuit ok so he said
that that they were gonna they said they
were gonna blow his f and head off and
now the TMZ video starts later as you
can tell guy starts recording you go
look down at that point the cops got the
knee on his back just like Bennet
described and and so look if there was a
an APB out for a guy who looked just
like Bennet they better have it
contemporaneously from the time and they
better put it out but think about what
happened and how impossible that is they
thought they heard gunshots and police
were there because of the fight and
responded immediately how could there be
already a report about an incident that
happened seconds ago describing who did
it
that's pretty much impossible if they
have it boy they should share it with
the public immediately so in reality it
appears that what happened is to be fair
everybody thought there was a gunshot
Bennet thought there was a gunshot
that's why he was running away like
almost everyone else was right cops here
what they think is a gunshot they look
into a crowd and they're like large
black man let's arrest him why no but
it's a literal question why him out of
all the people in the crowd why pick
that guy as the one who would have a gun
and who did the shooting when everyone
is running I other than race and the
fact that maybe he's large but why is a
large guy more likely to have a gun than
a small guy
makes no sense and I say that genuinely
because I I didn't grow up racist so I'm
constantly confused by it why the hell
would you assume a black guy has a gun
and I guess but they peek the cops and a
lot of people in the country are trained
to believe life people are dangerous and
if they're large they're more dangerous
Danger Danger Danger so if they're if
you've got a crowd of people hundreds of
people and suppose the MacGregor fight
thousands of people just find the
largest black guy and arrest them yeah
what kind of police work is that it's
letsa sane right it's lazy police work
and also this perfectly illustrates why
the stereotypes that are perpetrated
over and over and over again in the
media not just now but through this
country's history have such a pursuade
pervasive impact on society as a whole
on the way we do policing in the country
right they have bought into those
stereotypes they have bought into or I
should say they have those biases the
cops do right and so yeah that that is
their instinct their instinct is to go
after the first big black person that
they see that's the reason why even
though there was a crowd of people
running because they thought they heard
gunshots they immediately went to the
one black person there and also let me
just be clear about something
look it's one thing if you made a
mistake as a cop that's the first person
you go for but they don't even want to
hear him out he's trying to talk and and
they're threatening him they pull the
gun and put it to his head but I think
about that the chance that you have the
right guy is so small but you're willing
to threaten to execute the man on the
spot
who is enormous ly likely to be innocent
out of a crowd of thousands of people
you have no evidence of anything you
just heard the sound you run in you grab
the largest guy maybe spaced on sides I
mean I don't know are the right-wingers
really gonna tell us no it's it's just a
wild wild coincidence it could have been
a small white guy and they just happen
to grab they are
excuse me believe that because you
possibly believe that because they don't
care they don't care okay they don't
care they're much more interested in and
not all conservatives but certainly the
ones that we hear about and hear from in
the media they're they are much more
interested in painting black lives
matter as a terrorist organization as
opposed to looking at this deep
injustice that we have in the country
and of course it disproportionately
impacts minorities disproportionately
impacts black people but it impacts
every single one of us because when you
embolden cops to this point where they
feel safe enough to pull a gun and point
it to someone's head without even
knowing whether or not this person is
guilty of committing any crime
well then anyone can be a victim of that
kind of stuff he's lucky he didn't get
shot right no no no he's enormously
lucky because at that point when the cop
has pulled his gun anything you do
slightly wrong and he's dead man it and
then they'll get into his life and
they'll say did he ever smoke pot did he
have her coming you pulled him out of a
goddamn crowd you blindly pulled him out
of her crowd and then they would blame
him afterwards and then you know what
people were saying thank god there's at
least some video of it
well did he comply with the officer if
he didn't comply with a deeply racist
officer who pulled him out of her crowd
for no goddamn reason
he should have been executed that's what
they would say in hindsight not because
that's theory it's because that's what
they have said in the past over and over
and over again so he sits for the
national anthem
the whole league should sit for the
national anthem why do you think they
sit he's not because of the invented
reasons of the right wing that they hate
the troops what the hell are you talking
about they didn't say anything about the
troops
Kaepernick said because he said look
there's a deep problem in the country we
all have to address together which is
that black individuals are
disproportionately singled out by cops
Michael Bennett was one of the first
people to join him in that protest
Kaepernick is still banned from the
league de-facto banned you're telling me
is not one of the top ninety six
quarterbacks if you don't know football
at all if you think that that's a
moronic ridiculous thing to say he led a
team to the Super Bowl
so but he's banned from the league
because why he pointed out a thing that
is both statistically undeniably true is
something that african-americans live
with every single day and one more piece
of credit to Michael Bennett he at least
knows his privilege so he doesn't have
white privilege obviously as we just saw
but he has the privilege of being rich
and famous so after keeping him in a cop
car for a while and after having nearly
executed him they're like oh he's famous
they're like sorry you get to go I
imagine if he wasn't famous imagine he
wasn't a football player or a rich and
Michael Bennett - whose great credit has
imagined that he's like God knows what
would have happened to me and how long
they would have kept him in prison
etc they didn't have any evidence in the
first place so so and and he says look
at least I'm lucky they could look me up
and see oh damn oh no we're gonna get in
trouble because he's famous we got to
let him go the coincidences of this
whole thing and Michael Bennett is the
next biggest name that has started to do
the national anthem protest before games
and and to join Kaepernick as you said
so imagine your disdain your anger every
time this guy sits down or says
something that you don't like but now he
doesn't support the troops he hates your
flag oh he's so reverse racist so when
you think about that you hate his lack
of respect for the things you've created
this straw man you built how much do you
think you respect his life do you
respect the fact that he was wondering
if he's gonna see his daughters ever
again if he's ever gonna see his wife
again he detailed all this in his in his
little letter so if you don't care about
that why should he care about your
perceptions about his disdain for the
country why do you think he should care
about what you feel when you don't even
care about his life his life where
tonight he's gonna see his children
again
so why the respect that you expect him
to have for you should go both ways
if you don't think it should then you're
the problem you're the beginning of the
problem and by the way when you want
enough I know we've said this many times
but will you watch your national anthem
at home you go to the bar and watch your
damn team if you don't stand up and put
your hand over your heart and take your
motherfucking hat off
you are a piece of shit you're you're a
hypocrite and you have
thing else to say about this if you're
sitting down when the national anthem is
playing oh man oh you should be you
should be sent away you hate our troops
you hit our flag I've been to a thousand
stadiums some people do stand up most
people do not stand up they don't put
their hand on their heart you don't do
any of that do Stadium yesterday they
don't do it you don't do it concession
stands yeah how dare you be getting a
hot dog while our beloved national
anthem is playing you don't mean it for
a second you just want a reason to hate
these guys look Colin Kapernick is an
American Hero later I guarantee it write
it down in stone he will be treated as a
hero like just like they did with the
1968 Olympics just like with Muhammad
Ali objecting to the war later decades
later they'll say wow that was so brave
he risked his whole career lost millions
upon millions of dollars to make a
statement about other african-americans
who were being treated poorly but now
we're in the middle of the gross
ridiculous discrimination against an
American Hero today today we're in the
middle of it and we're in the middle of
this hateful country not everybody I
think the majority of people actually
would support Kaepernick and nobody ever
asks he always say like oh there's a
couple of Trump supporters who don't
like Kaepernick we should ban him from
the league having all the people who
like Cabernet how about all the people
who agree with them oh they don't count
they're black or they're white or
they're liberals I don't care
well I only listen to conservatives
because the owners happen to be
billionaires what a wonderful
coincidence almost all of them are
Republicans what a wonderful coincidence
Robert Kraft showed up at the
inauguration with Donald Trump holding
hands oh what a wonderful coincidence
and then somehow liberals are running
the country no no no the billionaire's
are the ones that said the rules
literally in the NFL so Michael
Bennett's an American Hero Kaepernick's
an American Hero the entire league
should sit for the national anthem until
something is done and they're not asking
for the moon in the sky we Jr's write
the part that was the most moving is he
said I kept thinking about what if he
pulls the trigger and I never get to see
my daughter's again when when that
happens to any American and you don't
stand up for them you're the one who's
on patriotic if you like this video
love the whole TYT Network check it out
at TYT Network comm slash join
