so yesterday we did a story on vermut
Verret that is a new site started by
hillary clinton Acolytes
peter GAO has started it and the first
thing he did was cry about how the media
is not on Hillary's side on which planet
anyway we're gonna prove that where they
lie in a second but I want to show you
the tweet that he put out there and
Hillary Clinton endorses vermin of eret
site and he said Lila Dow and I found it
very because Hillary Clinton voters and
inspiringly divorce coalition are on
represented in the media
Hillary people are unrepresented in the
media so I give you exhibit a a panel
yesterday on CNN to talk about Hillary
Clinton and Bernie Sanders primary now
one way to go about this conversation is
to say well in a democratic process of
course you have a primary to determine
who should be your nominee and it's not
incumbent upon anyone in a primary to
withdraw I mean under that logic
shouldn't they won't withdrawn so that
martin O'Malley could win what a bizarre
thing to claim right you will notice
that every single panelist on CNN
believes that Bernie Sanders was wrong
to have ever challenged Hillary Clinton
who of course should have been annoyed
anyway you can watch for yourself here
first guy up is David shortly
he's an assistant editor for Washington
Post the same Washington Post that rode
16 negative articles about Bernie
Sanders within 24 hours gee I wonder if
they're biased let's find out you know
it may not be a popular thing to say but
I think she's right that he was one of a
number of reasons why she lost there are
a lot of unsorted self-inflicted reasons
but one of the things that Sanders did
in that campaign for better or worse was
convinced some Democrats that whatever
had happened during the Obama years a
thirty eight percent drop in
unemployment getting rid of don't-ask
don't-tell
Obama care etc wasn't good enough that
they weren't getting anything out of
their party and that they should go at
different
couldn't you use that logic in every
single primary that has ever been uh if
these guys hadn't challenged Mitt Romney
woulda beat Obama but they just so much
damage to Mitt Romney if Bill Bradley
hadn't challenged Al Gore he wouldn't be
George Bush I mean he lost Florida by
this once actually didn't lose Florida
okay so oh my god let's just end
democracy because we in the media
anointed Hillary Clinton
how dare Bernie Sanders challenger hey
why don't I flip your logic on his head
Bernie Sanders and not some polls in
every single poll and if you're a
so-called journalist at the Washington
Post or CNN I defy you to one to find
one poll it's six months out go back as
far as you can almost well I think it's
probably all the way out to a year out
where Bernie Sanders didn't do better
than Hillary Clinton in a general
election matchup against any of the
Republicans all of the polls said Bernie
Sanders had better so why don't you flip
the logic and say why didn't Hillary
Clinton get out she caused the Democrats
by staying in Bernie we don't know no
one knows for a fact that Bernie would
have won but we do know for a fact that
every single poll indicated he would
have done better we do know on the day
of the election she lost her guy with a
37 percent approval rating which was
previously unimaginable we do know that
on that same day Bernie Sanders had a 12
point lead against him these
knuckleheads think they're so
sophisticated you know that they would
have run a campaign against Bernie
Sanders yeah of course we know that
so maybe the 12-point lead would have
gotten down to eight points or four
points but it's a much bigger cushion
than Hillary had which is what we were
pointing out based on science so why
didn't Hillary couldn't leave the race
no no no Hillary's of course she was
gonna be the candidate we all love her
on TV
oh you don't you left that part out you
left the part out where your Washington
Post attacked Bernie Sanders mercilessly
day in day out during the primaries what
if you had done the likewise say Hillary
maybe Bernie would have won the primers
but no it had to be Hillary your beloved
Hillary you think he's the only one no
way it comes Jeffrey Toobin and Gloria
Borger
to do even worse Bernie Sanders set up
the crooked Hillary image you know the
in true through talking about the
speeches to Goldman Sachs talking about
how she was in the pocket of Wall Street
that I think was used to devastating
effect let's just play this out if she
had hit back at him on all of this stuff
Bernie Sanders did not rape three males
remember he was sick of her Damn emails
right so he didn't raise her emails and
he would have if she had hit him back if
she had hit him harder if she had
started hitting back at him they would
have just handed the Republicans more
fodder you agree absolutely absolutely
and especially about the idea of
personal corruption the idea that there
was something about her that was
untrustworthy which was something that
that Bernie Sanders made made very clear
okay Wow look at that
three four three every single one of
them had Hillary's boots for lunch
bootlickers to the last one of them do
you agree of course of course Hillary it
would have made it if Hillary had hit
him if Hillary had hit him then we know
that Bernie would have hit her in other
words Bernie never hit her he he had the
bankruptcy bill he had a thousand
examples I had him on the show and I
asked him he's like I know the examples
I don't want to run that kind of
negative campaign he should have hit her
he should I hit her a thousand times
harder so we wouldn't lost the Trump we
could have had a real candidate who
could win it was a populist who people
actually cared about instead of your
goddamn elites on CNN and Washington
Post and your beloved Hillary
so get this he didn't she didn't hit
Bernie oh my god poor Hillary how about
when he called everybody Bernie
supporter racist how about when they
implied that all of them were sexist how
about when they stuck to Bernie bros
thing on him a piece of propaganda that
is Republican 101 and every one of you
on CNN and Washington Post went along
with it how about all that oh no no no
that birdie he was so mean to her we had
already crowned her queen and then this
guy came up and just ran a completely
positive campaign saying but maybe we
should
take billions of dollars in donations
and yes the Clintons took 3 billion
overall in campaign donations to the
foundation and personal money they put
in their pocket and to say that maybe if
you get 3 billion dollars that some
people might want something in return oh
don't say that then you're talking about
corruption and on TV we don't talk about
corruption because it's our boat we
don't want to rock it where do you think
all the TV what where all the political
money goes to it goes to the Jeffrey
twopence pocket and if you told them
that you go up conspiracy theorists
crazy no no no dads go on TV what's on
TV CNN's on TV the CNN make tens of
millions maybe hundreds of millions
dollars when we came in of course they
did well who signs your paychecks
Jeffrey - but CNN does but but what but
what well they didn't tell me what to do
of course you schmuck they didn't have
to tell you what to do they hired you
because they already knew you were a
bootlicker for the establishment yeah
how many Bernie Sanders supporters are
on that panel zero how come they never
made it on what a coincidence it's not a
coincidence
they hired all of you guys because you
love the status quo you are the
establishment so you would go on there
with your legitimate opinions about how
awesome the establishment is and how
Hillary Clinton should have been our
queen and that pesky Bernie Sanders if
it wasn't for you rascally kids we could
have gotten away with it well you're not
gonna get away with it next time I
guarantee you fire and ice
I guarantee you we're not gonna have
kids gloves anymore and if it's Bernie
or anyone else and they want to run a
soft campaign like you did against
Hillary Clinton we're not gonna have it
we are going to tell the American people
the reality the establishment is deeply
corrupt including Jeffrey Toobin
including Wolf Blitzer and Gloria Borgia
and the Washington Post all of you you
all take the money and you all do
exactly what the donors tell you to do
and the money gets funneled around and
around Washington yes you are their
elite yes America does not like you sad
day for you but get the fuck out of the
way because we're not gonna lose the
Donald Trump we're not gonna lose the
Republicans again so if anyone should
have left the race I
it is an unimaginable thought - you know
it must be our queen it must be the
queen of corruption if anyone is going
to leave the race it's gonna be the
establishment and it's not going to be
progressives this time it's not going to
be a populist agenda we're gonna win
with a populist agenda and if you don't
like it go ahead try to stop us help us
build an independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm / join
