now during the campaign Donald Trump had
said that he would target undocumented
immigrants I was surprised by that he
also said that he would he was
considering going after the dreamers of
people that daca protects and we are not
he announced today that he would do that
but after he'd gotten into office he had
changes to because he's Donald Trump he
says he everything a completely
contradictory things hypocritical things
he doesn't care he's a classic sleazy
politician so at the time after you got
elected he had said that the dreamers
should quote rest easy
he said we're quote not after the
dreamers we're after the criminals that
is our policy today they announced they
are in fact after the dreamers he lied
for the millionth time in a row
he said the dreamers quote shouldn't be
very worried he said where you have
great people that are here that have
done a good job they should be far less
worried he said his administration was
quote not after the dreamers we're after
the criminals adding that is our policy
once again a total lie today announcing
that the end of daca he will be going
after the dreamers and having nothing to
do with criminality
that's just not the case and he says
yeah okay they're not criminals don't
care
97% of them are in school or have a job
don't care they've put in over 60
billion dollars to the US economy don't
care I don't care they don't look like
me I lied to you oh are you still
surprised no we're gonna get rid of them
because my whole campaign is based on
fear and hatred my base is in fact a lot
of them not all of them again the only
thing Hillary Clinton was right about
half of them are deplorable they don't
like people that don't look like them
and they in fact they're kind of bitter
that those dreamers are successful
there's bitter that they have jobs that
they went to college and they look at
them and with great scorn and and think
why not me and they don't say hey maybe
that's my feel like maybe I should grab
some bootstraps they just look at the
people who made it and go they don't
look like me
and they must have taken my job they
must have taken my wages and they don't
think hey maybe your wages have been
kept down by the people in power not by
the powerless maybe your wages got kept
down by people like Donald Trump who
didn't want to pay you more than $7.25
in minimum wage even though if it kept
up with inflation it'd be way higher now
it'd be at least eleven dollars but they
don't want to pay you those wages and
then they turn around and go don't worry
I'm not the one keeping down your wages
as they suppress them keep them down and
won't let them up they go oh it must be
the brown people and then they turn
around oh don't worry guys don't worry
I'm not gonna go after the tremors ha ha
just kidding deport them he said at
Donald Trump said I do not favor
punishing children most of whom now are
adults for the actions of their parents
but we must also recognize that we are a
nation of opportunity because we are a
nation of laws
in other words Oh golly gee this is him
speaking today did I break their backs I
didn't mean to break their backs
I'm just to kiss ha ha I have no choice
I must follow the rule of law lists of
course your name is Sheriff Joe Arpaio
in which case you're free to break the
law and I'll just pardon you later
because you hate Latinos like I hate
Latinos and he said I look forward to
working with Republicans Democrats in
Congress to finally address all the
issues in a manner that puts the
hard-working citizens of our country
first by the way what does he mean by
that part of the reason that he they're
killing daca and and now beginning to
gear up to kick out all the dreamers
from the country is because he wants to
pass a new law and he wants to get the
Democrats to agree that build the
goddamn law so he's saying hey look I
can kick him out any second because I
just took away Obama's executive order
so if you don't want me to ruin their
lives I've got 800,000 hostages so hurry
up and build out wall otherwise I throw
the hostages out and by the way destroy
the American economy in the in the
meanwhile you think he has any moral
qualms no he doesn't
so this is his plan he's a disgusting
human being if you like this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
