how do we make a deal how about when the
mainstream media stops covering Russia
day in and day out maybe we can drop the
Hillary email scandal who are you
threatening with a statement the media
Robert Muller why would they care why
should anybody care and to brazenly
admit that you're only talking about
Benghazi to get the media to stop
covering Russia how insensitive to the
people who lay their lives on the line
for this country every day to see that
the avoidable loss of life in Benghazi
is nothing more than a political tool
for you the way brand new Fox
contributor Tommy Lehren is with us
welcome aboard the Fox News Channel and
our audience is very familiar with you
you've been on a ton of time this was
Tommy Lauren's debut on Fox News is an
official contributor for the Hannity
insanity the televised gathering of
opportunist sycophants and white house
rejects engaging in an enthusiastic
competition to see who can jerk off
Donald Trump harder in their limited
time slots this is the position Tommy
has been jockeying for since she first
decided to get triggered by Beyonce's
Super Bowl halftime performance your
husband was a drug dealer
by the way Tommy you're aware that Fox
News is a sexual-harassment factory that
makes the blaze look like the bastion of
woke nice
and if you think being fired from the
blaze for your hot take on abortion was
oppressive hold on to your hat but it'll
likely instance if something does happen
can you feel helpless I want you to know
and I say this with 100% seriousness you
know where to reach me in my DMS I have
a Sandeep Iker but back to tonight's big
primetime subject on the heels of
Muller's russia probe intensifying sean
hannity and his cable news d-list
supervillain Suicide Squad decided to
bring up an issue that was the rallying
cry of Magha chugs everywhere porter
emails and whether hilary has a right to
privacy or not i can't believe we're
still talking about this you're a
privacy rights are out the window when
you're the secretary of state of the
United States of America you don't have
titushki anymore I'm sorry what are you
a libertarian who also rails against
Leaguers in the White House you also
support the privacy of Supreme Leader
Trump's tax returns don't you and aside
from that glaring hypocrisy what exactly
are you trying to find out that the FBI
investigation missed that Hillary
Clinton personally executed those four
Americans also you are aware that
Hillary Clinton's not president right
she lost so I can't believe I'm
sitting here defending Hillary Clinton a
politician whom I don't like all that
much about something she acknowledged
responsibility for on a subject that's
been concluded a million times over
discussed more than 911 because you want
to deflect away from what the Russia
investigation that you claim has taken
over the media which is another thing
you seem to be confused about since the
media is offering wall-to-wall coverage
to a more pressing matter at the moment
you know the the devastating hurricane
that's happening in your previous state
of residents or does you're isolated
sympathy only extend to subjects that
advance your career tommy did you all of
a sudden forget about texas and you're
no longer blessing y'all now that you're
living in the big city experiencing all
the comforts of cosmopolitan pundit life
maybe we can drop the hillary email
scandal but until then i think i'm gonna
stay on it you stay on that tommy i
honestly thought your commentary would
improve now that you're no longer
shooting rants from your car however I'm
afraid it's somehow gotten worse it's
honestly insane to me
that you guys get paid so much money
over there at Fox News to literally keep
talking about the same old bullshit you
brought on a new voice to talk about the
same old shit it's just a slap to the
face of Fox News Watchers but perhaps
the most ridiculous part of all this is
that you're making me talk about the
nonsensical coverage you've offered to
an issue that's been concluded ten times
over adding more redundancy to this
redundancy which is a redundancy in and
of itself I miss on piker
don't forget to share this video with
your friends if you want to welcome
Tommy Laura into FoxNews don't forget to
follow me on Instagram and Sandeep Iker
and on twitter at us on the hunt and
this has been the breakdown
