so you know the White House has
petitions you could start a petition and
then if it gets a hundred thousand the
White House is supposed to respond to it
the number one petition right now is to
try to get Donald Trump some degree of
accountability and to have as him
turnover as tax returns that's got over
a million signatures on it and of course
the White House has not responded about
they're like yeah whatever Obama started
this thing we don't have to respond to
it but they might respond to one that's
surging now that's at number 12 most
popular petition on on the White House's
website and that is a petition to rob
George Soros not kidding so I'll give
you the details here laud News explains
according to whitehouse.gov website a
petition to declare George Soros a
terrorist and seize all of his related
organizations assets under Rico and NDAA
law is one of the most popular White
House petitions it is ranked number 12
pulling in about 60,000 signatures since
it was created just ten days ago now let
me give you the exact wording of it in
case you think Oh fake news anyone who
does news can't be trusted no no you
could read the petition for yourself
started by a guy named EB says where as
George Soros says willfully and on an
ongoing basis attempt to destabilize and
otherwise commit acts of sedition
against the United States and its
citizens the Department of Justice
should immediately declared George Soros
and all of his organizations and staff
members to be domestic terrorists and
have all of his personal organizational
wealth and assets seized under civil
asset forfeiture law 60,000 people sign
that petition that's unreal there is no
end to how crazy right-wingers are so
number one you guys are the ones that
said oh socialist government is Mose or
next thing you know you're gonna take a
rich people's money and just steal it
that's what this petition does George
Soros is deeply capitalist yes he thinks
that you should be decent to one another
and he donates the progressive causes
because he thinks we shouldn't rip each
other to shreds and that everybody
should have equal rights no yeah
let's steal his property yeah you know
he's the 30th richest man in the world I
believe he's got 25 billion dollars and
the right-wing are like yeah that's time
to be MAOIs to steal it I mean they
projection is record-breaking oh the
loaf just was to take your money let's
take sources money and they called him a
terrorist that is despicable you know
they keep talking about him as if he's
some sort of if sometimes they'll call
him a fascist sometime they call him a
communist so let me tell you the true
record of George Soros now this first
parts from Wikipedia but you can go to
the original document whole books about
this and read up on his history Soros
was 13 years old in March of 1944 when
Nazi Germany occupied Hungary Jewish
children were barred from attending
school by the Nazis and Soros and other
school children were made to report to
the Jewish Council which had been
established during the occupation the
original family name of George Soros was
not Soros it was Schwartz they changed
the source to hide from the Nazis they
went underground and pretended to be
Christians this guy as a teenager had to
be sure that he wasn't murdered by the
Nazis and some people have the gall to
call a fascist or a terrorist it is
disgusting and then on the charge that
he's a communist that is hilarious one
of the legendary capitalists literally
in world history and you can take that
however you want you can see that as a
positive or negative but he ain't
nobody's communist in fact this is from
Brendan Murphy writing for that landing
all the way back in the 1990s he has
also been exerting significant and
solitary influence in Eastern Europe
since the mid 1980s when he started
distributing scholarships and photo
copiers to dissident intellectuals in
Hungary and other Soviet satellite
nations helping to set the fuse for the
implosion of communism at the end of the
decade he fought communism he helped to
defeat communism so get your facts
straight and next time you want to rob
someone think twice about who that
person is and what your so-called
principles are this is one of the most
disgusting
as I've ever seen to take a good man and
and to smear his name like that and to
try to take all this property wave think
about what the Nazis did to the Jews in
places like occupied Hungary where
George Soros was they would find out who
they are and then they would seize all
their property and this is America in a
year 2017 disgusting if you like this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
