our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt dr. Christine
Blasi Ford has agreed to answer
questions by the Senate Judiciary
Committee however she has specified one
specific condition and that condition is
that the FBI conduct an investigation
into the allegations before she testify
now it seems as though the Trump
administration is unwilling to allow for
that to happen the White House would
have to ask the FBI to conduct the
investigation and to be absolutely clear
it is not a criminal investigation
that's being called for it would be an
investigation to look into these
allegations to provide senators the
information necessary so they can make a
decision the best that they can
however the Republicans in the Senate
are not happy with this and it seems
like they're going to push this Monday
testimony through and then go for a vote
so echoing Senate Democrats she said an
investigation should be the first step
before she has put quote on national
television to relive this traumatic and
harrowing incident but here's what
Republicans did they signaled that they
would not negotiate an alternative an
alternative date specifically and would
go ahead with the hearing without her or
declare it unnecessary if she refuses to
appear then possibly move to a vote now
one of her lawyers Lisa banks was
talking about this on CNN and here's
what she had to say about it are you
saying there has to be an investigation
by the FDA
FBI or else professor Ford will not
testify what we're saying is that there
should be an investigation because
that's the right thing to do if there's
not an investigation would she appear on
Monday she is prepared to cooperate with
the committee and with any law
enforcement investigation and and that
has been her position and it continues
to be her position so she will cooperate
with the committee in whatever form that
takes and it remains to be seen we have
to talk with senator
Grassley's office and the other
committee members to determine what form
that will take just a random side note
here that's what a lawyer looks like and
sounds like because we've just gotten
use of Trump's lawyers on TV all the
time
Wow let me tell you something is the
truth really truth there's a crime
really a crime and we've gotten lawyers
used to lawyers being clowns on
television but that's what a
professional lawyer sounds like okay so
alright so she's I think that what dr.
Ford is asking for makes all the sense
in the world because quite honestly if
you don't have the FBI investigate this
and try to get to the bottom of the
truth you have two individuals
testifying on this date which would be
on Monday and it would be at least
painted as a he said she said type
situation I think that it's important to
have the FBI get involved and try to
find get to the bottom of the truth that
way we're not left trying to decide oh
is she telling the truth is he telling
the truth now we all have our opinions
on who's telling the truth but I think
that the FBI would really solidify the
facts of this case or at least they have
a potential to so what would they do now
read investigators saying well look just
background check 101 in a situation like
this is you simply start contacting all
the people in the yearbook okay over
those years and see if there are any
witnesses so it seems like a he-said
she-said but wait a minute probably a
lot of people at that party so now some
classmates have begun to come forward
and say that there were rumors of an
incident at that party well who was at
the party did they see the guy stumbling
down did they see her locked in the
bathroom
did they see her run out in a panic well
those would be really really relevant
facts and why the FBI should do that
background check just like they did in
the Clarence Thomas Anita Hill case and
that's things there's two reasons why
Trump doesn't want it done he of course
lies and says they don't want to do it
and it never gets done neither one of
those is true okay so he doesn't want to
done because one they might find out
things that corroborate her story and
two it's gonna take a little longer and
the longer it takes the closer we get to
the midterm
affections and the less likely it is
that they can confirm Kavanagh or anyone
else and then if the Democrats went over
the Senate they might not be able to
confirm anyone so that's why the
Republicans like we've got to go we got
to go right now right I mean for the
first time ever
Republicans have your tick tick tick
tick in the back of their mind when it
comes to this case because they don't
look they want political wins they want
us a conservative Supreme Court justice
to be confirmed as soon as possible
because there is a pretty good chance
that Democrats would have more control
after the midterms and so they don't
they don't care whether or not this is
true right and I believe that some of
them already knew about this before it
became public information we've talked
about that before but what I also find
really interesting is the way some
Democrats are reacting to it so you have
Democrats who are coming out strong and
I commend them for that and then you
have wannabe Democrats like Feinstein
who say things that are used to the
Republicans advantage and this drove me
crazy so she was stopped by Fox News and
Fox News interviewed her and here's what
she had to say and keep in mind
conservatives are now using her words
against dr. Ford no one called her or
called her lawyer my understanding is
she got emails I have no say I'm the
lead Democrat so this is all up to the
Republican side I can't say everything
streusel I don't know okay so just
saying I can't say anything's truthful
right like you'll have one political
party who's like she's lying
we don't believe her right they have no
problem saying they don't believe dr.
Ford right off the bat even though they
have no idea and then Feinstein just
don't say I don't know if she's telling
the truth I mean that's a fair statement
in in a real world where things aren't
as dirty as they are here in the United
States keep that to yourself find a way
to finesse this situation and say
something that is that's gonna play
better so your own words won't be used
against dr. Ford the way I would have
handled it is I would have said you know
I think it's important I'm inclined to
believe the client but I think it's
important for the FBI to
investigate this and get to the bottom
of the truth yeah and unfortunately
Feinstein keeps slipping up and framing
things from a Republican perspective
she's done it many times before and and
Anna's right that this is not a normal
situation where if you're having a
conversation between friends you ought
to be fair and say look I don't know
that it definitely happened that's a
fair statement but if you say that in
the context of today's America that
quote will be taken out of context and
put in every paper in every right-wing
blog and every cable news show and
that's exactly what's happened so it
makes it seem like her main backer
Feinstein says well I have no idea of
the truth and especially when you see it
written as opposed to the context even
of that short interview there so it's
the Democrats are quite often
frustrating but look I'm but from a
person who wants to get out what's real
instead of just picking sides I wish
they would all come at it with a more
open mind so a bunch of the Republicans
have already said oh no she's she's
definitely quote-unquote mixed up and
I'm Sur that's their play now that maybe
it's possible that this did happen but
it does it wasn't Kavanagh she's mixed
up that is the talking point that
they're now repeating over and over
again in the news cycle yeah and a whole
bunch of in my corner and say no just no
way it's not true again how do you know
you didn't talk to her you don't you
won't let the FBI do the background
check you won't talk to witnesses and so
to be fair the Republicans a couple of
them did come forward like corker and
flake and say no we got to hear people
out which leads me to my last point
change this tune though no I know you
did corker said Republicans extended a
hand in good faith if we don't hear from
both sides on Monday let's vote no I
know and so I don't agree with him of
course I think they should have the FBI
do the background check and and and not
just for political reasons of wanting to
delay it but like let's find out I mean
again Judge Napolitano we live in
strange times made a good point on Fox
News where he said look if they don't
take their time to find out what
actually happened it's gonna stain
Cavanaugh forever
so maybe he didn't do it and but if you
just rush through it people will always
have that question mark over them
and so now given that I still think she
should testify and so let's let's talk
it through but I would not testify I
wouldn't and you know I had the same
opinion as you until I looked into it
further the reason why I wouldn't
testify at this point is because
Republican senators have made they've
made up their minds and so is there any
possibility that having her testify
would change their minds at this point
no they've made up their mind however
there is a possibility if you have the
backing of the FBI remember the FBI
yes dr. Ford is the one asking the FBI
to do the investigation I think that
that's powerful by itself because that
means no I want them to get to the
bottom of this and I want to have what
they're gonna find is gonna back me up
that's what it messages to everyone in
my opinion so having any possible
evidence or information that the FBI
could have would help strengthen her
testimony otherwise she's just gonna
testify in a room full of dudes who have
already decided that she's making things
up or she's mixed up and by the way
she's dealing with what you can expect
the death threats she's moved out of her
home she's in hiding now she's hired
private security she's this is a
difficult thing for her to go through
and I think that you know if you're
gonna testify to put yourself through
that you want it to be worth it yeah you
know it's we we have gotten used to the
six state of society because we often
get the threats so frequently that we've
kind of become inured to them but it is
it's sad that anytime anybody comes
forward politically it's against the
right wing is a fact that they will
immediately get death threats people
will find out where they live and
they'll have to change where they live I
mean think about how fascistic that is
and how sick that is that and she was
worried about that and and that's what
she got immediately but look on the core
issue here whether she should testify or
now if they really vote on Monday and
and they don't hear from her that that's
terrible and so I think that she would
my guess is that attacking her would
backfire if she went to go testify my
guess is that hearing it from the person
herself would make a big impact on the
country and so it's less than ideal to
say the least under these circumstances
without a background investigation to
testify but in my opinion it's way
better than not testifying and having
them just push this through I hear what
you're saying but I'm getting so tired
of people caving to Republicans who just
want political winds and doing
everything under their terms I feel like
they just want to rush this that's the
way that this is playing out they just
really want to vote we want to vote
midterms are coming we're losers and
we're gonna lose the house and so and
possibly the Senate and we don't want to
risk that right so no no let's let's
hurry up with sorry elbows that's so
pathetic
that's so because here's the thing at
the end of the day this is about way
more than political wins we're talking
about a lifetime appointment as a
Supreme Court justice
someone who's gonna hand down rulings or
decide on cases that affect all of our
lives whether you're a man or a woman
but to the Republicans that doesn't
matter we want a conservative we want to
pro corporate conservative in the
Supreme Court and so who cares if he's
hurt people in the past we don't want to
get to the bottom of the truth I don't
want to cave to that I don't want to
cave to that and do everything under
their terms do you see what I'm saying
but I do see your point it is important
for her to testify I don't I don't know
what the right answer is I just know if
I were in her shoes I'd want the same
thing and look those are tough tough
shoes to be in right now cuz she's gonna
get attacked either way whether she
testifies her a dozen the Republicans
already hate her and by the way if she
doesn't testify and they just pushed us
through some Democrats might be
frustrated and so she's in a really bad
spot it's another piece of evidence that
that why would you go come forward on
something like this knowing that you're
gonna get stuck in this catch-22
and and your life is gonna be turned
upside down if you didn't if it didn't
happen and while you share your thoughts
of feeling sorry for her that she has to
go through all this and we know how
brutal people can be when it comes to
politics
Donald Trump has decided that the real
victim in this story is Brett Kavanaugh
and he spoke about it again so take a
look really they're hurting somebody's
life very badly and a very unfair right
thing to do as you know justice
Cavanaugh has been treated very very
tough and his family I think it's a very
unfair thing what's going on and he's
has an unblemished record this is a very
tough thing for him and his family and
we want to get it over with at the same
time we want to give tremendous amounts
of time I really want to see her I
really would want to see what she has to
say if she shows up that would be
wonderful
if she doesn't show up that would be
unfortunate so a couple of things there
Anna one it's obvious that he was
coached whatever you do not attack her
that is gonna cost you
elections not even if it doesn't cost
you personally it's gonna cost the
Republicans do not attack her for once
in his life he at least had enough
discipline not to attack her he wanted
attacking the Democrats and Feinstein
etc later on but he can't help himself
he's got to embellish everything so he
said we're gonna give this tremendous
amounts of time because they told him
hate sound like you're being fair right
tremendous amounts of time the
Republicans just said they're gonna vote
on Monday is three days tremendous in
four days tremendous amounts of time but
he has to add tremendous in front of
everything but of course the core point
is not my god she she might have gone
through this even if it wasn't Cavanaugh
I feel terrible for her and we hope
she's okay that doesn't even occur to
him he just constantly looks at her from
the point of view of the accused shoes
he stood in plenty of times before for
good reason so he's always alibi god
it's so unfair to him it's so unfair to
him
and any set at about Porter he said it
about himself he said it about almost
every man who has been accused of
committing some sort of transgression
towards a woman and almost never in any
of those instances did he ever once say
oh I feel terrible for her of course not
of course not but I will give him I
guess some credit for somehow managing
to avoid attacking her specifically
right yeah because he can't control
himself like I feel like he's gonna blow
in any moment yeah that was the most
amount of self-control I have ever seen
him exercise
kind of amazing and by the way was that
a good statement not remotely
I was a clownish ridiculous statement
but that's as good as it gets with
Donald Trump but the whole time as I was
looking at him it to me screamed bully
there's parts of his statement really
fast that maybe gives more credence to
her not doing because I was thinking too
let's hear from her that's the first
thought because we least want to see
what the real story is and he keeps
saying when you talk about not doing
anything with the FBI
I've trust the Congress to do what
they're gonna do they're gonna get to
the bottom of they're gonna work it out
I trust them to do it I want to hear her
the plan is to I mean we've seen it
before we know the PlayBook it's to
attack her character find anything you
can about her and that will be the
litany of the things they will come
after with who are you would you do this
time there's one time you were 16 what
about that time of you're 17 and then
time you 21 what about then and the
whole time would be taking her down with
no bat bat girl - what really happened
that's the plan and he's like I can't
wait to see her show up so we can go
after her that is the plan and that's
what they're setting up for he trusts
them to do the takedown
so yeah Jerry it's a really good point
and and it backs up what Ana was saying
earlier so it's a really good point yeah
so one more striking against testifying
is what if they're planning an ambush
and it's it's not like it's not possible
and no look that ambush could turn into
a disaster for themselves if they're
perceived as attacking this respected
doctor who is coming forward under this
traumatic situation etc but if they
start getting into
yeah but in the age of 21 did you this
at the age of 37 did you do that right
and then with without any advanced
knowledge he has a defender whole life
while the entire nation is watching
that's a hell of a spot to be here and
remember this is a hearing where they're
testifying about these allegations
you're not gonna have the lawyer get
involved and be like you know what do
they say again like objection I'm not
out of order you're out of order the
court there's none of that right so it's
it's even more difficult than a criminal
case involving a lien because the whole
nation is judging exactly yeah look it's
a it's a very very tough spot I really
hope the country hears her point of view
but I understand the significant
downsides of that too easy wastefully
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
