the nras concealed-carry expo went down
in Milwaukee this weekend and nothing
embodies the unabashed masculinity and
bro kick acid miss of the NRA quite like
a fashion show there was the
concealed-carry fashion show where
models had certain things like the man
pack the pack and meet the lady conceal
let's take a look at some of these hot
ticket items that are gracing there the
runway and Millie walk a which is that's
a gun holster in your bag this isn't
just a bag you can put your gun in
here's another one this is the vinci
vinci meaning victory I believe conquer
I conquered this one we need to hold on
for a second Oh what is happening here I
don't know it just looks like a guy
putting a gun in his pocket
why is his shirt in nowhere I don't know
where where is it I see he is growing a
layer of shirt from his chest but that's
just hair you know I do want to give him
credit for his confidence though because
it's a confident move he's feeling good
about himself and I applaud that casting
call looking for models run down the
runway everyman models and the guy shows
up sorry I forgot my shirt can i still
be in it yes do you have fingers yes all
right put this somewhere near you here's
the next one this guy's actually what
time I just don't see that as like a
particularly necessary item I guess I
just I don't I don't know what's going
on and I don't know how they decide this
drone buddy I don't know how they
decided on who would be part of this
fashion show but I'm curious if you were
offered to pin it they love it
yeah if you were offered to be part of
this fashion show you'd get paid yeah
but you'd have to do it shirtless would
you be into it yes a hundred percent
really a hundred percent I would do it
are you kidding me
that would about you you would have to
be like no I wouldn't do it you get
dressed up like the women in the first
two so you're in a sophisticated outfit
where your look I I am NOT in line
if the ultra-liberal position regarding
guns okay I don't want to ban guns but I
do want common-sense gun legislation gun
control I don't think that certain
people who have access to guns right now
should have access to guns I want to
close the gun show loopholes
I just want common sense I've talked
about my interest in obtaining a gun for
self-defense too you know a lot of
liberals they don't like that I have
that mindset but it is what it is it is
a constitutional right I think that
constitutional rights do have limits
including the First Amendment and I
think the Second Amendment should also
have limitations now with that said I
don't think of guns as toys I don't
think of them as fashion statements I
don't think of them as something
frivolous like that they are weapons
meant to kill and so as a result like
fashion shows like this aren't cute
they're not cute and what it does is it
really shows you what the NRA is the NRA
is not about protecting the Second
Amendment the NRA is an organization
that's funded by gun manufacturers who
want to profit as much as humanly
possible it is part of this capitalistic
system that you know has it has a you
know corporation or a number of
corporations who just want a profit at
any and all costs and that's not okay
this is not funny and it's not well it's
kind of funny but it's not cute yeah
those are deadly weapons they are
they're deadly weapons I just want
people to take these guns seriously
right I don't want to take your gun away
from you if you're a law-abiding citizen
but I think that we need to have real
conversations about gun safety because
we never talk about that okay there need
to be laws that make it mandatory for
people to put their guns in safe places
so their kids can't get a hold of them
that conversation never happens the only
time you have conversations is when you
hear from the two extremes yelling at
each other and ripping each other's
throats out
but anyway shouldn't do because one of
them has guns right let's take a look at
some more photos shall we yeah let's
have fun let's finish it out I don't
like it cuz
it's a bag I assume that somewhere in
the bag is a location where that tucks
away just nicely because the last thing
you want to do is rifle around like no
that's my cigarettes that's my lipstick
she looks afraid of her gun I mean I
know it's just one picture but that was
interesting I think the simplicity of
this one's a good one I don't get what
they're selling okay they're selling
holsters it's like she didn't exist
before it is is gun accessory holsters
so you're not just tucking it it seems
like you're not just tucking it into
your pants which is the big fear that I
always have him when I'm watching movies
when they tuck it into their pants I'm
like you're gonna shoot your yo-yos off
yeah and this one I love
it's an action shot I assume the gun is
in the bag but at this point you don't
know she says girls just gotta have guns
and ammo which totally rhymes with girls
just want to have fun I don't know why
didn't she just leave it at guns like
girls just want to have guns girls just
wanna have got that makes total sense
so look wait that's amazing yeah and she
added ammo for no reason she's like what
am I gonna do throw the gun at someone
you think I don't know do we have the
video of my favorite gun accessory of
all times the backup a video that came
out we do not there was a infomercial
that came out quite a while ago for this
thing called the backup which is
literally just a gun rack for your
shotgun that slides between your
mattress and your box springs and it's
like the gun the backup which is tucks
conveniently under your sheets so you
can like roll out of bed having just had
a dream where you're being attacked by
like wild buffalo unicorns and then have
your gun in your hand like immediately
look that's what I'm talking about if
you have kids that is accessible to your
kids I don't think you should store your
gun there again I don't wanna take your
gun away if you're a law-abiding
responsible citizen but that's not where
you should put your gun yep your gun
should be in a safe that is inaccessible
to your kids and to anyone that could
potentially harm themselves anyway
whatever look it's again it's a huge
industry people stand to profit and
they're trying to appeal to you
the way that they do it is hey if you're
a woman we got these cutesy little pink
guns
it's a weapon meant to kill it's not
meant to be cute so let's just for once
take it seriously if you like this clip
of The Young Turks you know there's a
whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
