did you know that Young Turks have 18
different shows become a TYT member and
get all of them click the link in the
description box below
Rhonda Santos and Andrew Gilliam had
their latest Florida gubernatorial
debate last night and one of the issues
that has sort of shaped a lot of the
discussion about that race is is race
actually and Rhonda Sanchez's comments
on that they got into it during the
debate on this topic as you'll see a
live TV in August on the first day of
the general election campaign you said
of Andrew gillum's run for governor
quote the last thing we need to do is to
monkey this up by embracing this
socialist agenda Fox News quickly
disavowed your words saying quote they
do not condone the language now you call
some of this response absurd you've made
appearances at four of David Horace's
Freedom Center events again four
separate times for speeches among some
of mister Horowitz's statements quoting
here this country is the only serious
race war is against whites I'll ask the
questions in McCarthy game and I'm
giving it wait for the question sir okay
he also said if blacks are oppressed in
America why isn't there a black exodus
now in 2015 in your speech before the
Freedom Center you said of mr. Horowitz
David has done such a great great work
and I've been an admirer I've been to
these conferences in the past I've been
a big admirer of an organization that
shoots straight tells the American
people the truth and standing up for the
right thing those are his words here's
my that is my question even made those
statements then yes he had sir the first
statement was made to know every single
statement somebody makes I am NOT going
to bow down to the altar of political
correctness I'm going to not let the
media smear me like they like to do with
so many other people are certainly not
going to take anything from Andrew
Gilliam who's endorsed the dream
defenders so I don't know if you were
looking a little bit at Andrew Gilliam
during that but he's smiling because he
likes where it's going I mean look that
we could go through a list of the
different things DeSantis has said but
what I like about what was focused on
there was that he has a history of going
around people and organizations that are
white supremacist organizations and
talking about how they're there just
straight shooters and so that is sort of
the I guess the history leading up to
his race against Andrew Gilliam now
right so it's kind of like leads into
what Andrew Gilliam said during the
first debate the last debate that he
like smashed you know that I'm not
calling you a racist I'm saying the race
is like you and this the kind of the
here if you wanted to soften it it's
like okay maybe we're not calling you
racist but you work with admitted racist
a lot well actually why don't we go to
it gets into what you were saying my
grandmother used to say a hit dog will
holler mr. DeSantis has spoken
first of all he's got neo-nazis helping
him out in this state he has spoken at
racist conferences he's accepted a
contribution and would not return it
from someone who referred to the former
President of the United States as a
Muslim in igg er when asked to return
that money he said no he's using that
money to now fund negative ads now I'm
not calling mr. DeSantis a racist I'm
simply saying the racists believe he's a
racist that was my mistake there because
the two debates were so back-to-back we
can drop he would have to drop it over
and over and over again because this was
just that bad on one side and good on
the other his response to that donation
I mean he was just kind of like oh he
made a mistake it's not a mistake that
anyone could make that you if you're
running to lead the state of Florida
you can't support somebody who makes the
mistake of calling a former President of
the United States the n-word yeah look
it's just there's two parts I mean I
first of all love Andrew Gilliam think
he's amazing think he's an incredible
human being an incredible leader and
will be great for the state of Florida
and I think he did two things you know
made two incredibly important points
there or two things happened there that
I want to point out right what is you
know first of all this conflation that
little thing that the DeSantis tried to
slip in there and attacking the dream
defenders to suggest that there is any
way shape or form and equivalence
between him cozying up repeatedly over
and over again to David Horowitz and an
express we're not talking
this is overt white supremacy yeah
that's not a label I throw out easily so
that he did that over and over again and
then to try and equate that which is
what the Santa slipped in there to enter
gilliam supporting an organization that
is fighting racism in the state this new
clever thing that the right tries to do
of like the people who are calling out
racism are the real racists like that
that don't fly and and I hope that the
voting public sees through that I also
think look there's a long history here
of exactly what the Santa's has done of
the Republicans trying to gin up fear
and racial resentment among their right
voting base with so-called racial dog
whistles where it's just subtle enough
that nobody can point to it and say it's
over but the the white voters know what
they're hearing and the ones who want to
feel you know the something's being
taken away from them and uh you know one
of you they use that to stir up and
provoke fear and hatred and resentment
and motivate their base and you know
what he got cold on it and maybe for
some of those voters they don't care
maybe they're fine that happen with that
but I honestly think the people of
Florida are better and most people are
better than that and that they're gonna
be appalled and I really hope that that
helps turn this time because people have
to start rejecting not just him but
those politics well I guess related to
that the reason I want to talk about
this obviously it's a good line you know
and all that in terms of how it's going
to influence the race going forward
we've got twelve days left it's a
relatively tight race the closest poll
that I saw yesterday had Gilliam
actually up by five points but you're
depending on when you look and go either
way and it's generally pretty close so
in terms of the strategy of making it
clear to Florida voters that he's a
racist or at least a very tight with
white supremacist or whether he's a
racist certainly racist think he's
raised right and the strategy which is
somewhat linked together of tying him
very closely to Donald Trump I believe
in that that section he called him a
trump acolyte and he's trying to be like
the next Trump I mean you've seen the
advertisement of him building a wall
with his kid it's highly exactly in
reading him autobiographies written by
Donald Trump in terms of the ability to
win an election do you think that both
of those strategies
all right do you think that they will
help and work in Florida you know I
think that I understand why he thinks it
will work because we have seen it happen
in the highest elected position in our
land
no I'm saying Gilliam tying him to
Donald Trump because Gilliam seems to
want to do that oh that will will that
help sorry I don't think he's tying him
to Donald I think he's just
acknowledging that specifically like
tied himself to him okay his toddler
building a wall yeah did you yeah his
job has been very easy to do because of
that I'm just gonna pointing it out and
you mentioned like dog will so we are
way beyond dog whistle times this is not
even calling this is walking over and
picking Fido up beyond this is dog
cuddling yes so anyway yeah no and look
I mean honest to god I've stopped making
predictions at this point yeah who knows
what the American people are crazy
enough to do I do think this strategy of
appealing to your base as the future of
politics like there are three swing
voters I don't know what happened to
them but they're gone now we don't talk
to them anymore and you know look at
least what I love is that when you look
at Gilliam when you look at better work
you're you're seeing Democrats at least
try to appeal to their base with a
message of hope and inclusion and
positivity and not all but I think the
best of the best that's what they're
doing and you're seeing the Republicans
try to appeal to their base by going
lower and lower and lower in fomenting
hatred resentment antagonism fear
whether it's about immigrants or Muslims
or black folks and and and that just
that I know our country isn't better
than that but I thought we were a little
bit better than yes I'll tell you this I
damn well hope yeah but it doesn't work
right and that the strategy of not only
hope and positivity but inclusion and
justice for all actually triumph in that
state I don't know what will I hope the
TYT Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TYT content
at TYT com slash app
