a jury just convicted a Chicago cop of
the use of excessive force for shooting
16 shots at a car wounding two teenagers
the officer in questions name is marco
pro bono the incident yes he was
convicted of using unreasonable force
and wounding two teenagers in an on-duty
shooting caught on video on December 20
in December of 2013 he let out 16 shots
in nine seconds at a stolen Toyota
Avalon full of teenagers one of the
pieces of evidence used in the case was
dashcam video which we have which shows
how he exited the car and behaved
there's no sound so he can talk through
it what gets me is turning the gun to
the side like a cowboy or like you know
he's in a 1990s rap video yeah and I'm
really happy that no one got killed and
look it was a stolen car and so they
were obviously involved in criminal
behavior there's no question about that
there's no defense of that at least
coming from me however look your job as
a cop is to make sure that you protect
people and that shooting happened in a
residential area I don't think anyone
deserves to die simply because they
stole a car they certainly do deserve
consequences but that is not the
consequence trying to kill someone
especially teenagers should not be the
consequence right and that was just such
a dumb move on his part to say the least
it actually put more people in danger it
threatened more people's lives and it
just shows how incredibly irresponsible
he was during this situation I'm
actually shocked shocked that the jury
found him guilty really why is that
because we've done so many of these
stories look i Walter Scott comes to
mind Walter Scott who was literally
running away from the cop got shot and
killed in the back right Tamir rice
there was no justice in that case a 12
year old playing with a toy gun he got
shot within two seconds of the cop
showing up to the scene I mean these
stories keep happening falando Castille
is another example someone who
let the cop know I have a licensed gun
in the vehicle cop opens fire and kills
him in front of his girlfriend and her
daughter who was in the backseat I mean
these stories are continually they just
continuously happen and I feel like
we're now conditioned to not expect
justice and so it is shocking that in
this case there was justice the Chicago
Tribune kind of calls the justice system
in that region to task they say that
it's a this is a shift anyways in in the
kind of trials that go on from bench
trials to jury trials they take issue
with the number of judges who have just
dismissed and acquitted but this is a
shift they say that said this is quote
the first Chicago cop in memory to be
convicted in federal court of criminal
charges stemming from an on-duty
shooting he also was the first officer
to go to trial in any shooting case
since the court ordered release of the
laQuan McDonald shooting video in
November 2015 sparked heated protests
political turmoil and promises of
systemic change from Mayor Rahm Emmanuel
that the same lawyer that defended the
police officer in question officer pro
bono is the same lawyer who will be
defending the police officer in the
laQuan McDonald shooting Wow yeah so
we'll see how it goes
the statement was released by the police
departments union the Fraternal Order of
Police the president Kevin Graham said
the pressure on the police is making the
job extremely difficult it seems that
the criminal elements in our society are
not accountable in our justice system
while the police face an intense
scrutiny for every split-second decision
they make so I want I want to respond to
that because I think it's important
first of all the caveat that's always
mentioned and I think it goes without
saying yes cops have an incredibly
difficult job especially in crime-ridden
neighborhoods and I know Chicago is
dealing with increased crime which is
why it's more important than ever that
the community trusts the cops that if
they feel that they might be the victim
of a crime they can call the cops and
not be victimized by them and
unfortunately there is a decrease in in
trust toward police officials because of
what we're seeing over and over again
these shootings that occur over and over
again
now those teenagers were in a stolen
vehicle and so yeah they should be
prosecuted they should face the
consequences for their actions that does
not mean that they should be shot by
that cop the only way that I think it's
justified for a cop to open fire is if
the individual poses an imminent threat
to the cop and in this case even though
he said it was self-defense
the jury found no these teenagers were
trying to drive away they were reversing
they did not pose an imminent threat to
him and he needlessly walked toward the
car he walked toward the car and opened
fire so again I am not making any
excuses for the criminal activity of
those perpetrators but I do not believe
that that cop was in imminent danger and
he should not have opened fire that was
excessive force right and the Jason
Meisner of the Chicago Tribune outlines
kind of how the prosecution outlined
this especially using the video from the
dashcam saying prosecutors said the
dashcam video of the shooting which
unfolded in about nine seconds showed
prono violated all of the training he
received at the police academy including
to never fire into a crowd only fire if
you can clearly see your target and to
stop shooting once the threat has been
eliminated
so as you see the the car backs away
from him and he advances toward it and
again this thing I know shooting
sideways with the gun I mean that can't
be how they trained you of course that's
not how he was trained I was like there
are flaws in the way some departments
trained their police officers but I
would be shocked if they trained them to
shoot like that
well yeah welcome to training day one
we're going to it's a video portion
we're going to watch don't be a menace
so if you could just please take your
seats and just do whatever they do in
this I can't believe that to me and also
I think it's worth outlining to people
the kind of you know judge ordered
acquittals that weren't trial based the
bench trials that are recently in Cook
County as outlined by the the Chicago
Tribune in 2015 detective Dante servant
cleared was clear in a fatal off-duty
shooting of
rikiya Boyd where the judge in that case
I mean not the judge isn't always
apparently culpable in this situation
they set everything according to the
Chicago Tribune except like you should
have charged them with murder and not a
lesser charge 2015 commander Glenn Evans
gunned down put a gun down Ricky
Williams throat and was belittled the
they believed they belittled the
evidence of DNA on the gun as of quote
fleeting relevance or significance the
fact that the allegation was the gun was
placed in his mouth and there was DNA of
Williams on the gun was dismissed as of
little significance and officer John
Gorman accused of an off-duty shooting
of firing shots at a vehicle during a
traffic altercation after he'd been
drinking was released keep your eye out
for the laQuan McDonald case Wow as it
continues also that police officer in
question it was inadmissible in the in
the trial but over a three-year span
this is his third shooting one involved
a 3.5 million dollar settlement to the
family of one of the people he shot
though that has been overturned and
awaits appeal so I think it's good that
we are using more video in these cases
it is I'm glad that a jury of one's
peers was able to look at this and see
what a lot of us as peers saw and be
like that's a little that's excessive to
shoot 16 times we're grateful no one was
killed but this is one time where we see
the video and the jury's verdict the
verdict reflects how a lot of us feel if
you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
