Fox News recently had a segment in which
some of its hosts and contributors
criticized the fact that Donald Trump
has yet to fill important positions in
federal agencies that provide help
disaster relief for instance to our fine
Americans are fine citizens and it was a
surprising segment to say the least
because it featured Laura Ingraham who
has been a pretty big Trump supporter
let's take a look
we're where's the staff where's Homeland
Security where are the nominations why
are they being held up and why are so
many positions don't have nominees for
them yet yeah well we we only have had a
FEMA director since June now truth be
told the Trump administration didn't
nominate Brock until April so that that
wasn't a bad turn around but I think we
can all look at these horrific pictures
and we can conclude that a federal
government does need staff we see it
acutely in need of staff in a situation
like this this isn't the only crisis
we're facing this is massive
humanitarian we're also facing a huge
crisis with North Korea we're facing a
crisis of confidence across the country
where people wonder even with President
Trump in he said he was going to drain
this don't swap can we have a government
that works for the people and not just
have a people enslaved to the government
this is a question that has to be posed
to the administration I know they have a
lot on their hands but we have to have
people in place if they're if there's a
plan to to not staff and cause the
ultimate shrinkage of government let's
hear about that as well about they cover
a bigger may cover and bigger make
government bigger on Fox News I know
there's no pro-government usually you
know you'll tune in and they're like all
governments so important we need bigger
government right well in Houston they
finally found a swamp to drain so
there's it's perfect now they have there
they're totally set up for what they
want it all oh and the white house is
full of swamp monsters let's keep it
real right Donald Trump did the exact
opposite of everything he said he was
going to do you have you know Rex
Tillerson you have Steve minuchin those
are the same types of people that he was
rail
during his campaign now they exist
within the federal government and I
can't say they're thriving in the
federal government because any of them
can be fired at any moment but you know
in regard to what's happening in Texas
ya see that type of empathy you're
feeling right now laura ingraham that's
the type of empathy that you should have
for all Americans not just Texans right
here on this set
everyone here has empathy for people who
are suffering in Texas right now
regardless of their political ideology
regardless of their backgrounds and
that's not the kind of empathy that I've
seen from you when it comes to
impoverished Americans Americans who
have dealt with institutionalized racism
and unequal opportunities it's just it's
incredible how they're unable to see
outside of their own bubbles they only
want to take care of their own but they
don't care about others who are in need
right government is important when it
comes to situations like this it's
important when it comes to protecting
national security it's also important
when it comes to protecting Americans in
general regardless of the situation that
they're facing and again no empathy for
them from them when it comes to those
issues and wait told the EPA they start
looking at the EPA and what's got
through it and the government has done
there and the administration has done
there to really
gut the EPA and the EPA APA is who these
people are gonna be relying upon to
rebuild to clean up the mess to clean up
the disaster down there those positions
are unfilled and the Republicans never
think about the EPA they want to get rid
of the EPA that's right and so it's a
listen it's one of the three things I
think that Rick Perry wanted to gut or
two or six or but but it's it's
unbelievable because when you hear this
happen you can't help but think you know
how foolish these people look how
foolish Ted Cruz looks we'll get to that
later voting on you know saying that
sandy was full of the Sandy bill was
full of pork we need federal aid for
Texas it's much different than when
Sandy was happening these are people who
are hypocrites when they need it they
want it and you could see the the three
hosts I mean I hate when Steve Doocy is
on vacation but the three hosts they're
just kind of nodding their heads and I
mean their heads to a lawyer and we're
I'm saying we didn't we annal it to me
said I don't know what that means you
know and I don't know what you know
right
she says we need a government that works
but not a government that we're in slave
to my paraphrasing that's not her exact
quote but that's what she implies yeah I
don't know what you meant either
I don't yeah I don't know what that is
but we all know that Fox News is a news
outlet that Donald Trump loves to watch
so he actually responded to that segment
of course in the form of a tweet and
said we're not looking to fill all those
positions don't need many of them reduce
size of government and he included Laura
Ingraham in that tweet okay here's the
reality he's incompetent and there's a
ton of roles not just among the agencies
that Laura Ingraham mentioned but the
State Department you know the State
Department still has a number of
nominations that still need to be
mentioned by Donald Trump suggested by
Donald Trump nominated by Donald Trump
and he hasn't nominated them yet and he
doesn't really seem interested it's not
about you know reducing the size of the
government it requires work it requires
critical thinking it requires caring and
knowing about these issues and that's
not something that he has any interest
in no I mean a surge in Afghanistan we
don't have an ambassador there I mean
little things like that that are not
little and disaster we don't have people
in place brock long seems like he's
doing a very good job and that he's
learned from the mistakes of fema in the
past at other natural disasters to a
degree because the next person will
learn from him but it's it's it just
proves that you need people in place
that are qualified and ready for this
job
and i also want to be clear that it goes
further than nominations a lot of things
need to be done including changing
donald trump's mindset when it comes to
certain executive orders that barack
obama signed so in 2015 Barack Obama
signed an incredibly important executive
order indicating that any infrastructure
development any development for
buildings would be required to meet
certain flood proof requirements okay to
take into account the rising water
levels sea levels the extreme weather
conditions that were currently dealing
with and so after the whole hate
Alley occurred in Charlottesville
Virginia you can recall the Trump gave
that pretty crazy and explosive press
conference that was meant to
specifically talk about infrastructure
and in that speech he talked about
undoing that executive order that was
signed by Obama now earlier we were
talking about hey it seems like the
federal government is handling the the
situation in Houston pretty well so far
but there's a lot of work that's gonna
be that's gonna have to be done later
but there's a lot of work that should
have been done prior to this right we
need to take action to mitigate the
extreme weather conditions that we're
dealing with right now and the fact that
he just undid that executive order is
ridiculous
there was no critical thinking involved
he just wants to undo anything that
Obama did doesn't matter if there was a
lot of logic behind what Obama did he
just hates Obama and so for political
brownie points
brownie points right yeah he'll go ahead
and undo something that made a lot of
sense watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
