okay guys so let me tell you a why
Donald Trump actually pardoned Joe
Arpaio and why it's an enormous threat
to the country so in order to do that I
got to go back and tell you what Sheriff
Joe Arpaio got convicted for so that you
can understand the pardon the reasoning
behind the pardon better so Joe Arpaio
of course was a sheriff of Maricopa
County and at that point a judge had
ordered him to stop going and
investigating people based on whether
they were undocumented immigrants why
well number one it's because that's a
federal offense and and has nothing to
do with his job as a sheriff in Maricopa
County and so the the judge told them
that's not your job and second of all in
order for you to investigate people you
need probable cause and you have to
think that there's some sort of crime
that's been committed
so then Sheriff Joe was like no I don't
care I'm not going to look for a crime
I'm just gonna go into Latino
neighborhoods and see if people are
undocumented and and then arrest them so
then the judge says look I don't think
you understand that you're not allowed
to arrest people who you have know or
investigate people that you have no
evidence on and you can't just go do it
based on the fact that they're Latino so
you think they might be in the country
illegally that is unconstitutional
illegal in very clear ways so he gives a
the judge gives a ruling and then
Sheriff Joe completely ignores it now
that creates a separate problem now the
judge says I give you a ruling and you
didn't follow it well that's totally
unacceptable in our system of government
so you're in contempt of court
they then have a trial about contempt of
court any loot and Sheriff Joe loses
he's convicted now he's a convicted
criminal Trump goes in now normally what
would happen is if Sheriff Joe and Trump
are talking about pardons but the normal
system is you have to actually get
sentenced first you have to ask for
clemency and then the Justice Department
evaluates your case normally or
five years in prison we've explained
this in a different video and then they
bring it to the president
now the president legally can pardon
Sheriff Joe but he hasn't followed any
of the rule of law
he hasn't followed any of the rules that
you normally go through now if Obama had
done this or Clinton had done this in
regards to whitewater etc oh my god the
Republicans would have lost it this is
so outside of normal totally
unacceptable okay so he doesn't follow
any of the rules you think that's no big
deal because you don't believe in the
rule of law okay fine and if you're a
conservative never ever again talk about
the rule of law because you're lying
okay
now but put that aside that's actually
the least of the problems in terms of
Trump not following procedure on how to
pardon Sheriff Joe the more important
part is the actual substance and the
content of that so when you pardon
Sheriff Joe what he says is I don't care
if you don't follow federal judge's
orders oh no what he just said is our
system of government and our courts are
if you're a political ally of Donald
Trump irrelevant now that goes to the
very very heart of the rule of law so
that leads us to why did he do it now
the obvious easy part is oh he likes
sheriff Joe Sheriff Joe is a political
ally of is and he's supported first of
all that's already horrific so now if
you're an ally of Donald Trump you can
break the law you can violate federal
judge orders and it's not like we live
in a democracy he's just a strong man
and he just lets his buddies ignore the
rule of law and it is crystal clear
it is a ruling from a federal judge and
Trump just tore to pieces okay but the
more important part is right now his own
allies that were in this campaign and
that were in his administration are
being investigated by the Special
Counsel Robert Muller so what he just
did was he sent a message to the guys
being investigated don't cooperate with
the authorities if they hold you in
contempt of Congress or court it doesn't
matter
I'll just pardon you because there is no
law left in America
now be we're being run by a strong man
starting to get fair to call him a
dictator because we have laws in this
country and Trump just said I don't give
a damn about your laws I'm just gonna
part or anyone who's involved in an
investigation so how in the world are we
gonna stop it when the President does
have the power of pardon well here's how
you there's only a couple of ways that
this ends either Muller miraculously
without any witnesses finds the evidence
that is financial evidence etc and winds
up in dining Trump or his allies anyway
now it's theoretically possible and
right now they already have a grand jury
investigating Trump and his allies
including money laundering these are not
like Oh hacked emails no no no no no
we're talking about serious crimes
committed here potentially we don't know
that's why you need the investigation
I'm not like Trump I think we should
actually follow the rule of law and if
it turns out they don't have evidence of
course we shouldn't do anything then but
that's what the investigation is for now
he's saying I don't care about their
investigation I'm just gonna pardon
everybody so okay so Muller could
somehow find evidence without any
witnesses that Trump is part or the
Republicans in Congress can draw a red
line and go if you pardon anyone
involved in an investigation of your
administration of your campaign we will
impeach you because that is obviously
against our democracy against our rule
of law against our entire system of
government for you to say the laws don't
apply to my political allies now that
requires some degree of courage from the
Republicans in principle oh boy so god
help us all
number one they might because they they
have because he keeps picking fights
with them and they don't like him either
so it is actually in this rare case
possible but no you should put a ton of
pressure because if you're a true
conservative you are you kidding me this
frontal assault on our democracy you
should be livid about it let alone if
you're a progressive or a moderate now
and then finally if the Republicans
don't do it and they go I don't care oh
great turns out we just pardoned
ourselves
as many crabs as we want aboard
ourselves well then you got a vote about
you have to vote anybody who does not
impeach Trump if he starts apart not
before our pie oh but if you start
supporting people that are part of the
investigation related to himself well if
you don't stop him we lost democracy so
anyone who doesn't vote for impeachment
on those guys should be definitely
thrown out of office a Republican or
Democrat so this might go all the way to
and the American people might have to
decide and put an end to this but right
now we have a direct threat to our
democracy with a president who's
absolutely lawless that's what that
partner sheriff joe arpaio was about
