a South Carolina judge Thursday that's
yesterday dismissed in North Carolina
man's petition to return the Confederate
flag and pictures of Stonewall Jackson
and robert e lee to the york county
courthouse which is in which is in south
carolina
he's a North Carolina man so that was so
the judge threw the case out he he was
trying to file it under South Carolina
Heritage Act
the judge said his what lawsuit has no
standing because he lives in North
Carolina and that it has no merit
because there's been no court case
regarding the Heritage Act and whether
it applies to buildings so that was that
right here's a guy who wanted to see it
go up and he was very upset that it was
coming down and here is the the eminent
Russell Walker he's not a racist he says
I don't believe it's a symbol of racism
I don't believe it's a symbol of slavery
that's my personal view but how they
feel is their business but it would be
it would be ludicrous for me to tell you
how they feel hey I get on the street I
see Martin Luther King um I shouldn't
said it Martin Luther King I mean should
I rip this and should I rip the the
signs down or insist the thing they take
Martin Martin Luther King Street down a
little risk that stuff that's a public
thing I don't necessary greenlit but
that's just the way it is he doesn't
agree that that Martin Luther Coon was
that he said it's what he said that's it
unbelievable I don't know if I believe
it was an accident or if he's just so
fucking dumb that he actually let it
slip no I bet he says it all the time in
private or with his buddies and it just
slipped out yeah that's what I think it
and now he has to go back to his home
state of North Carolina because his case
in South Carolina didn't work out
what do we all says I don't agree with
Martin Luther King Boulevard like what
don't you agree way doesn't necessarily
agree with it may be that it just cuts
through town it creates a lot of traffic
that's what I'm guessing I'm guessing
it's just too damn noisy on Martin
Luther King Boulevard form no he
disagrees that they named it from Martin
Luther King yeah because and that's
naming it that's not putting a statue up
right right
it's an American Hero yes so II got
someone who tried to make American
better not someone who tried to divide
America and not someone who actually
attacked and killed America right it's
funny that he says that you know it's a
it's
that robbery leaves a symbol of racism
or that stuff it's just of course that's
why he likes it of course why else would
you like it right the guy's a loser is
losing general he lost
they were seditious to the United States
of America and so what else is there to
like about the guy in less that he's
represents some racism right and the
only thing that's anyhow this eureka
moment in this house in North Carolina
what do you know what I'm gonna do
go down South Carolina I'm gonna tell
him they can't put those statues up but
he sees it as a big win and I'll tell
you why because he could he got to say
Coon on TV right and so now he will
forever be getting drinks bought for him
wherever that racist bar is that he goes
to they were already buying him drinks
I'm sure support independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
