let's go back to to the man in the White
House or wherever is he's at Camp David
right now he has had an interesting
relationship with the folks over at
MSNBC on Morning Joe Joe Scarborough
Mika Brzezinski he today talked about I
mean he talks regularly about how
terrible the show is he doesn't watch it
today immediately after watching it he
responded to it
John Kelly was on let's let's let's
listen to willie Geist and Mark Halperin
talking about John Kelly Mark Halperin
was it always too much to expect that
General John Kelly is great American as
he is to be able to control Donald Trump
whatever that means to control what goes
out through his Twitter feed to keep the
reins on him during a big political
rally in Phoenix or at a press
conference at Trump Tower veterans of
past White has laugh at the notion that
the stuff that's being instituted would
be being instituted many months into
immigration this is basic stuff about
that flow to the president and about
controlling the access to the Oval
Office they can change the system but
but Kelly can't control the president
watching TV became troll the president
tweeting he's just he can't he's not
going to try and the reality is fixing
the process will help but the president
dominates the situation through through
his own communication and I think that
it's it's it's going to not end well
well you'd think that the president
didn't see this because he doesn't watch
it and the proof that he doesn't watch
it is on the president's Twitter Peter
let's go back to May 9th 2016 and I'll
take you through this is May 9th of 2016
about a year and a half ago Donald Trump
wow I hear Morning Joe has gone really
hostile ever since I said I won't do or
watch the show anymore they misrepresent
my positions exclamation point then
again June 3rd less than a month later I
don't watch or do Morning Joe anymore
small audience low ratings I hear mica
has gone wild with hate Joe is Joe they
lost their way right Dave every funny
days later on June 8 days later on June
8 he doesn't watch it this guy nobody is
watching Morning Joe anymore gone off
the deep end bad ratings you won't
believe what I am watching now
I'm gonna guess morning Joe right keep
guessing you're exactly right more again
I mean this is in August of last year
August of last year morning Joe's
weakness is its low ratings
I don't watch anymore but I heard he
went wild against Rudy Giuliani and
second amendment sad and irrelevant
they're irrelevant on August of 2016
later in August of 2016 they're
irrelevant still piques his interest
tried watching low-rated morning Joe
this morning unwatchable morning Mika is
again off-the-wall she's been off the
wall since you know months earlier a
neurotic and not very bright mess I just
because of the effect of these now he's
President June of 2017 this week is mica
off the wall in the Michael Jackson
sense of living off the wall she's more
bad in the Michael Jackson
she's a thriller she's a py - come on
your turn James
I gotta manage she's gotta beat it I
mean making these jokes as easy as one
two three I think we're all dating
ourselves okay
Donald Trump as president I heard poorly
rated meet Morning Joe speaks badly of
me don't watch anymore guy says he
doesn't watch anymore in each one of
these then how come low IQ crazy Michael
um
right and now this is a man who doesn't
watch in June of this year as president
again watched low-rated morning Joseph
fake news he called me to stop a
National Enquirer article I said no bad
show this morning this morning this is
the man who does not watch morning Joe
couldn't care less what they say
low-rated terrible this morning after
they talked after we heard Halperin and
guys talk general John Kelly is doing a
fantastic job as chief of staff there's
tremendous spirit and talent in the
White House don't believe the fake news
I just love this I mean this guy can't
tell the truth
even about things that he's you know
criticizing for them not telling the
truth I just I can't get over Mark
Halperin go without a jacket yeah news
show that was kind of crazy and that
sure was kind of kind of it was a lot to
virtual I mean it was like it was like a
parquet floor on his on his head room
yeah
somewhere in America Mark Halperin is
sitting in front of his laptop saying I
can't believe Stevo isn't wearing a jet
ha ha everybody can believe that that's
true so I forget we were talking about
but this is funny I did add it and see
all those tweets what this wasn't there
a tweet about that he made about her
getting the plastic surgeon yeah I mean
that she's bleeding yeah that was that
was I mean no bleeding was yes she was
bleeding right at the at the White House
maybe no doesn't Martin while ago and
she let mar-a-lago right right yeah I
didn't include that this is just about
nobody watching yes and this is about a
president who gets all of his
information from cable news he gets it
from Fox News shows and he still watches
this show and I suspect he still gets
some from Breitbart even though the
Breitbart has left the room so I just
loved the hypocrisy in there the first
thing he did today was talk about how
bad morning Joe was talking about his
chief of staff who has no control over
him I have to say that Trump's tweets a
pretty funny though I mean they're wrong
and they're terrible but they're funny I
don't think they're funny I think
they're all against Morning Joe are
pretty funny I don't think they're funny
I really don't think they're funny
because of how pathetic it reveals
absurd it's outrageous and ridiculous
and funny in that way you don't know
it's not like really
humor is ridiculous we didn't get to the
story yesterday but Valerie Plame you'll
remember Val yes right so scooter libby
IA agent who was outed by the bush
administration that's actually treason
that was treason and nobody went to jail
me what scooter libby was indicted but
was pardoned at the end of the Bush
administration was he no I don't think
he got the pardon I've got the words up
for it and there was a lot of times
wrong about that but it was a case and
it was an argument but Dick Cheney
escaped any kind of scrutiny of course
for that of course in any case she has
started it's not a GoFundMe but it's
like it's one of the relatives of
GoFundMe to buy Twitter to raise the
goal was a billion dollars so that she
could buy Twitter have enough of a
voting interest to close the account of
Donald Trump because she thought it was
so dangerous to what was happening in
America she was up to like eighty seven
hundred dollars and I don't think that's
a reflection on the people agreeing that
they want Trump off of Twitter so much
as it's well I'm why if they were trying
to raise a billion my ten bucks isn't
gonna get them anywhere so but but but I
disagree with you guys about the about
his Twitter I don't think it's funny I
find it offensive I think it's childish
I think it makes us look terrible and it
brings out the worst in everybody I
agree with everything you said I agree
but it's it's funny on a pathetic level
but you're right it's not funny like Oh
Trump's a funny connect comedy right
here it's funny because he's funny in a
pathetic way right that's what all those
tweets told me like and plus it so it is
so juvenile it's almost like South Park
is writing those tweets yeah right so
it's so unpresidential it's so the
opposite it is like a cartoon character
is our present right and it doesn't make
Americans feel good no you know no and
that's the bottom line I mean the
president's not gonna make every
American feel good ever or maybe even
most of them but this guy is veering off
in the other direction about that stuff
and maybe that's hokey or something but
I just think it's terrible so anyway I
hope Valerie Plame gets her billion
dollars if you like this video you'll
love the whole TYT Network check it out
at TYT Network com /join
