it was a tale of two rallies this week
in America one took place in Phoenix and
the other in New York one was for an
unhinged manchild to talk about the true
victim of charlottesville himself so
what I did is me speaking on Saturday
right after the event and I spoke out
forcefully against hatred bigotry and
violence another was to show support for
Korn Kaepernick the currently
blacklisted quarterback who exercised
his First Amendment right to protest the
unlawful treatment of black Americans
and who do you think has been labeled a
traitor I'll give you a head it wasn't
the white guy so in Phoenix Donald Trump
supporters celebrated their hero while
he did what he does best
yelling absurdly to hype up the crowd
fake media they make up stories they
have no sources in many cases they show
up in the helmets and the black masks
and diva well in New York Catholic
supporters turned out for a man who as a
result of simply kneeling to shed light
on the proven and consistent injustice
that plagues America today is widely
described as a traitor by the majority
of Trump loving conservatives you know
the same people who live in a state of
bliss while the rest of the world
remains terrified that we all just want
weed away from nuclear warfare yeah me
neither Debbie what on earth could be
the issue right well let's just break
this down for a second on the one hand
we have a man who a week after a
disastrous tragedy stands before a crowd
and does nothing but talk about himself
as the victim going as far as to reread
his initial statement I hit him with
everything I got there white supremacist
that neo-nazi and in doing so
conveniently leaves out you know the
little detail of many sides this
egregious display of hatred bigotry and
violence that's me speaking this
egregious display of hatred bigotry and
violence on many sides on many sides and
yet he continues to be celebrated by his
loyal following as a patriot who puts
America first while on the other hand a
riley advocated for a black man's right
to speak out exempt from punishment for
voicing his opinion a punishment by the
way that has been a staple in America
whenever a black man doesn't know his
place is considered
disrespectful and unamerican so let's
just put all this together right so when
you protest on behalf of Americans who
are being killed unjustly you are a
traitor but when you stand up in front
of a crowd and make yourself appear the
victim and equate the group responsible
for the death of a person as good people
you are putting America first and I'm
missing something here oh shit I forgot
the whole like black/white thing I mean
the man held a rally to talk more about
himself and the campaign that he already
won to double down on his insufferable
need to fluff his own ego all while the
unamerican disrespectful catholic didn't
even attend his own rally that was in
his honor instead he was doing what he
set out to do since he took his stance
helping yeah that's right you missed
that fight conservatives again the guy
who spat in the face of Americans and
the troops was donating another $100,000
taking his total to $800,000 so far
deciding exactly where the money should
be spent to ensure it is put to good use
to empower other communities you know
those same communities that conservative
talking has like to use in their case to
deflect away from his message regarding
police brutality yeah well what is he
doing for the black community huh what
is his contribution out of the kneeling
um well a lot as you can see but can we
say the same thing for Trump I mean I
thought he was the one who was really
for the troops right the same guy who
announced that he wants to fire 15,000
salving members for being transgender
shouldn't veteran see that as more of a
disrespectful act to this country than a
man exercising the right to protest a
right that veterans fought for but at
this point making these stark
comparisons will lightly fall on deaf
ears to people like Debbie here well I
think that's our name and those who will
look to who's vegan diet as an excuse
because the bottom line is they see a
white man yelling America first and they
think that means patriotism well a black
man speaking out against injustice makes
them uncomfortable but I will end with
this if you did type until your little
fingers were bloody about how outraged
you were that people show support for a
man who used his platform to shine light
on the injustice of black Americans
treatment at the hands of the criminal
justice system but you said absolutely
nothing about this injustice itself then
you my friend are part of the problem
for me on Instagram at Francis n Maxwell
I don't Twitter also up Francis M
Maxwell like each other video continue
to resist
you
