questions are being raised in regard to
the unethical behavior of a federal
judge and her involvement of a massive
ice related rage that took place in Iowa
several years ago
now the federal judge is Linda our Reid
and Mother Jones did a great
investigative piece looking into her
financial disclosures and realizing that
her husband was vested in stocks that
were tied to private prison so GEO Group
and Corrections Corporation of America
which has now changed his name to core
civic to try to rebrand itself but I'm
on to you I know that you're a terrible
terrible corporation anyway but by the
way you'll notice you know that a
corporation has issues when it starts to
rebrand over and over again like to all
the cigarette companies we're like oh
we're not philip morris anymore those
are the people who caused cancer with
cigarettes right no we're all tree or
whatever I to forget which one is which
and then Blackwater we're not did we
call it Blackwater no we're like puffy
cloud now renamed themselves three times
right it's the same rose and and not
much of one right exactly so understand
that private prison companies make the
most amount of money off of detaining
undocumented immigrants and also
imprisoning people who are nonviolent
drug offenders and so when Donald Trump
got elected stock values for geo group
for instance went up considerably
because they knew that Trump was going
to specifically target undocumented
immigrants that means that they're gonna
have more prisoners and make more money
now going back several years ago there
was a huge raid that took place in Iowa
it was known as the Postville raid that
happened at a slaughterhouse and so
nearly four hundred workers were
arrested in the bust which cost five
million dollars and was then the biggest
workplace immigration raid in US history
okay now about 270 of those people were
sentenced to a minimum of five months in
federal prison
in a process that one witness described
as a judicial assembly line okay so all
these people get arrested they get
processed in a very short period of time
okay a little over a week and many of
them testified that they were forced to
plead guilty they were coerced into
pleading guilty and so of course if you
plead guilty you're gonna be found
guilty and you're gonna spend some time
behind bars now here's the important
part before and after the raid Reid's
husband owned stock in two private
prison companies and he bought
additional prison stock five days before
the raid and that's according to Reid's
own financial disclosure forms meaning
that she had a vested interest in you
know going through with this giant ice
raid now Reid's husband sold his prison
stocks in February of 2011 when they
were collectively worth between 30,000
and $100,000 there's a huge disparity
there but that's again according to her
own financial disclosures they let you
put an arranged exactly so between
January of twenty two thousand three and
February of 2011 correction Corporation
of America stock price went up about
four hundred thirty four percent Gio's
rose six hundred forty two percent so
there is a great number of issues here
so first off issue number one is they
asked Reid hey can we do this rate she
was part of the process to authorize the
rate now she knows that her husband owns
stock in private prisons and in fact
they asked for the authorization in
March they do the rate in May but five
days before they do the raid is when he
buys more of that private person stock
okay so defense lawyers are partly
complaining about hey wait they even
went through some mock trials like how
quickly can we convict all these people
which is deeply problematic because it
assumes convictions etc but you know
what look that that you can debate and
you can say no they didn't assume
convictions they were just getting ready
because they had to you know process 400
people in in a hurry and you need to
give those speedy trials okay so that's
debatable the second portion is should a
judge be allowed to own her family own
in a private prison when she is
imprisoning people
she has an incentive to imprison more
people and for a longer period of time
that's not remotely debatable exactly
and just real quick the third issue is
if you take advantage of information
that is not public and you're a
government official especially if you're
a judge and you use that to make trades
that is also deeply unethical and you're
telling me it was a coincidence that he
BOTS like five days before the biggest
raid that had ever happened like this
before so no and look in judicial
circles the appearance of impropriety is
almost as important as the impropriety
itself because then people start to
question the judicial system and whether
it's fair so did she take enough care to
make sure that people didn't question
the impropriety of her actions oh no
this is deeply problematic right and
look that is the reason why judges are
supposed to disclose do you know their
financial situation to see if there's
any type of unethical issue there if the
judge is supposed to recuse herself or
his self in a case if if you know there
is a vested interest to rule a certain
way and so that's where the issue is and
and also keep in mind that simply being
here as an undocumented immigrant if
it's the first time that you've gotten
caught being here is an undocumented
immigrant that's not a felony it's not a
a criminal offense they will deport you
but it's not considered a criminal
offence the way that they handled these
workers was different from how things
were done previously they treated them
as criminals because they said oh well
look they're working at this
slaughterhouse and they're using
employer ID numbers or social security
numbers that don't belong to them so as
a result we're gonna treat them as
criminals why do you think they did that
they did that because they wanted to
imprison them that's the reason why they
did and look you can understand
something you know in the regular way of
doing things it's not like they're soft
on them it's a civil violation but they
deport them right they deport them
immediately so in this case they didn't
report them they decided
- you have more costs on the American
taxpayers exactly put them in prison for
five months
generally speaking roughly okay and
after we pay all that cost they deport
them anyway why not just deport them
that's the whole point of busting them
for on being undocumented immigrants
that's exactly what ok so again if
you're against undocumented immigrants
and you're like they shouldn't be here
we should get rid of them they're
they're draining our resources ok well
don't you think it's a little strange
that private prisons are profiting off
of imprisoning them before we deport
them so not only did that it cost us a
ton of money to imprison all those guys
for all that time the bust itself the
mechanics of the bus cost 5 million
bucks so it's money on top of money oh
and then very important point to Anna
pointed out that reads husband bought
the stock and by the way when your
husband buys it's like you're buying it
a family's considered the same he bought
it between 30 and a hundred thousand and
she pointed out he then sold it five
months later he buys a five months
before the rate 5 days before the rate
sells at five months after it went from
thirty to a hundred thousand the new
range was sixty five thousand to a
hundred and fifty thousand so it went up
anywhere between fifty to a hundred
percent in value they're gonna tell us
wild coincidence no no no you as a judge
you don't get to have coincidences like
that and so this is an open-and-shut
case I mean they should take every kind
of ethical action against her because
look this is bad on 18 different levels
as we just explained to you but it would
be enough if all you did was buy prison
a private prison company stock and
you're a judge no no that's insane you
have a profit motive to put people in
prison whether they're guilty or not to
give them longer sentences whether they
deserve it or not
no no judge in America should be allowed
to buy private prison stock that's
insanity
that's not capitalism that's using the
system to imprison and enslave
potentially innocent Americans and by
the way that now you know look I think
the prison system especially because the
war on drugs has an enormous amount of
racial issues but this is not racial she
care of your white black Latino or Asian
she's making cold hard cash off of
imprisoning you so you think she's gonna
give a damn no no and if you allow it
for other judges you think they're gonna
care some are gonna be good guys that
not care but a lot of people are going
to be influenced by the money and
wouldn't be insane not to realize that
if you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm / join
