a Virginia judge has denied bail for the
neo-nazi who became infamous online
after crying about a warrant that was up
for his arrest Christopher Cantwell is
his name
here is his mugshot now if you can
recall in the video that went viral he
was crying because he found out that
there was a warrant out for his arrest
at the time we were uncertain if that
was true what the warrant was for and
now we have some more details
apparently Cantwell is facing two counts
of illegal use of tear gas and other
gases and one count of malicious bodily
injury with a caustic substance
explosive or fire all felonies now of
course his violent rants were documented
on Vice I'm sure that that made him a
target
for law enforcement and it's interesting
because in that documentary he got
pepper sprayed himself so I'm curious to
see how this all kind of goes down but
again keep in mind the judge has denied
bail he is still in custody yeah no look
if they found if in fact he got pepper
sprayed by someone else I mean he's such
a buffoon he might have done it
accidentally himself because we now know
he had pepper spray like oh I'm gonna
get back to crime anyway oh but if
someone else did pepper spray they
should also be arrested of course yeah I
100% agree with you don't ever get
physical with people don't ever use
violence don't use pepper spray none of
that
so there's another part to this story
that I was just made aware of that
fascinates me so Christopher Cantwell
used to be part of a group in Keene New
Hampshire known as free Keene okay okay
and they I mean it's amazing how much
he's changed since he was part of that
group so Colbert had done a segment on
on this group of people that identified
his libertarians and they absolutely
hated the fact that the city wasted
resources on ticketing people for
parking violations Oh
there's one issue you share with him
okay so they would consider themselves
like the Robin Hood's of the area
because they would go to parking meters
throughout the town and they would feed
the parking meters that were about to
expire and apparently the city had a
huge problem with it and this entire
thing went to court but it was just
amazing because here's a guy who first
of all was part of the group proud of a
group that referred to themselves as
like Robin Hood's right and wanted to
actually help out the citizens of the
area regardless of race regardless of
you know ethnicity or anything like that
they just hated the fact that people
were getting ticketed for parking
violations and so I don't know if things
apparently devolved considerably since
so look sometimes right-wing says the
same things like oh you know if you is
start out as a progressive it's a
slippery slope and you'll wind up as a
Marxist Maoist honest
okay now I've yet to run into a mouse in
my entire life if we were to be like
them and make ridiculous claims we say
well if you start out as a libertarian
you're obviously gonna wind up as a Nazi
right and that is not the case some
libertarians just stay libertarian so
look to me though all of this is is
richly deserved justice and look guys he
did pepper spray they're felonies I
don't know how long he's gonna stay in
prison we don't even know if he's gonna
get convicted so and let the justice
system play out here and and of course
even though there he's you know chanted
all those horribly anti-semitic things
and talked about committing violence we
we've got to be better than that so
apply the justice system fairly - to him
but I do like that you know after all
that bravado that you saw in the Vice
documentary like this we're here obeying
the law we're doing everything that
we're supposed to do so
choo-choo Express from opinions and the
criminals are obeying getting their way
we're not a non-violent will fucking
kill these people if we have to then all
of a sudden you know when it's his ass
on the line and it's not like people
were saying were to come over and kill
you or anything like that but he was
saying oh we're ready okay the minute
he's like oh the cops are gonna come
over and and put me in prison for a
little bit I do not want violence with
you
all right I'm terrified I'm afraid
you're gonna kill me I really am so if
he's still crying in prison it's not
gonna end well for SIPP I don't know but
I hope he's okay but then on the other
hand is probably there's oftentimes lots
of Nazi gangs in prison so he might he
might feel welcome if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
