Chechnya's leader is now essentially
forcing couples who have separated or
divorced to get back together and it is
concerning to say the least
now Rosman rosin I should say rosin
Kadri off is concerned that if couples
separate then their children are at risk
of being radicalized by Muslims so as a
result he has created an anonymous
hotline where people can call in and let
officials know when a couple is
divorcing or separating and at that
point all of a sudden officials will
meet with this couple and coerce them
into getting back together so let me
give you the details he claims to have
reunited 948 couples in six weeks which
sounds like everything has gone smoothly
right six weeks is a great amount of
time to convince couples that have
probably divorced for a good reason to
get back together now even though he
claims everything is going well one
woman has called the initiative violent
an official said a man could have two
wives if that benefited the children oh
yeah because this is all about the
children so let's just begin to break it
down so this guy loves Vladimir Putin
and he likes to go shirtless like Putin
he likes to work out like Putin he likes
to wrestle with bears his teddy bears
but still like Putin and like sometimes
there'll be pictures of him with like
snuggled up to Putin like Oh daddy daddy
but he's also fundamentalist Muslim
because Chechens are Muslims or Chechens
and and so he's because Muslims are
theoretically depends on your
interpretation it depends on the local
culture - but could have up to four
wives so he's like well I mean I don't
care that you're divorced and have a new
wife take your old one back and it's
it's for those children look first of
all the guy might not want her back
second of all she a lot of these women
definitely don't want to go back and
like and he's not asking hey why did you
guys split is it your earring assailable
differences did he cheat on you did she
cheat on you did he commit violence on
you don't care you don't care we're
gonna put him back I mean you think he
cares about violence he's rounding up
people who are
suspected of being gay and and and
treating them in the most violent and
horrific ways imaginable he doesn't care
about you know people's safety and and
refraining from using violence I said
well that's allegedly Anna because when
asked hey there's credible reports that
you got you're rounding up torturing and
maybe even killing gay people in church
dances oh no no those are wrong because
there are no gay people in Chechnya oh I
see but to finish the thought about the
wives multiple wives is not for the
children it's for the dude so you could
have sex with several different women
let's just keep it real okay so there
are parts of religion that are good for
the poor the needy bla la la and there
are parts of religion for horny dudes
and so that's and like in the Old
Testament oh you're not conceiving with
your wife well why not have sex with the
maid why not have sex with the sister of
your wife well I don't know it says sex
with the maid of the sister okay
Abraham did all of that look it up and
guys are often totally allowed to go to
prostitutes in the Bible read the Bible
you'll see and in the Quran Oh take
wives Mohammed take the other people's
wives who cares yeah well I'm glad that
they're doing this because I really do
think that the children will benefit
from the this type of household oh yeah
where it's really wholesome where a
couple has been coerced to get back
together and maybe there's even you know
a third person involved in this
relationship it sounds like a really
great idea by the way the coercion I in
my opinion this is my read of what's
going on has to do with the children
kind of being how can I say it like the
children are being served as like the
carrot in this situation right rather
than the stick so what they do is
they'll tell the women like you want to
be around your kids right you don't want
to be on the sidelines watching your
kids get raised by the husband if you
want to raise your kids you should
probably get back together with your
husband in fact let me give you the
exact statement men under those
circumstances understand that it's
better for the birth mother to live with
her children instead of watching from
the sidelines and suffering in other
words even if he beat you no matter what
he did go back and serve
because whenever it comes to
fundamentalist religion it isn't done
for the benefit of women or the children
it's so that men can exercise power over
women the documents were written by men
who wanted to exercise power over
everyone else it's not surprising that
that's the conclusion that they reach
does that mean do with the children it
has to do with go back and listen to
your husband
no matter what no matter if he's with
another woman no matter if he cheated on
you no matter if he beat you it doesn't
matter so that's his interpretation of
this fundamentalist religion give men
all the power help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm / join
