new documents out from Exxon Mobil
Corporation get goes back for decades
Harvard study on a peer-reviewed and boy
it's got some interesting findings so
let's go to how post that summarizes it
Exxon Mobil Corporation apparently
deliberately deceived the public about
the dangers of climate change for for
decades and new Harvard University study
finds so they go on explain the details
for the peer-reviewed study published in
the journal Environmental Research
Letters Wednesday two Harvard
researchers analyzed 200 documents
related to Exxon Mobil's climate change
communications the researchers found
that America's largest oil producer had
repeatedly made quote explicit factual
misrepresentations about global warming
in advertisements aimed at the general
public while simultaneously
acknowledging its risks behind closed
doors so credit to the Exxon Mobil
scientists actually because they study
climate change they report back to their
bosses yes it exists yes it's man-made
yes it could have devastating
consequences those executives receive
that research and go thank you very much
really appreciate it now can you go
ahead and deposit that in the garbage
while you're on your way out now let's
draw an ads telling the American people
how climate change is no big deal it
might not exist but you just got the
research who cares it affects my bottom
line look besides which climate change
Exxon Mobil doesn't bear the cost you
bear the costs they get the profits you
get all the costs the whole world does
so more details the discrepancy
researchers said was staggering about
80% of Exxon Mobil's research and
internal memos acknowledge that climate
change was real and caused by humans
however 80% of the company's newspaper
ads regarding climate change questioned
this fact this study found so ExxonMobil
when asked for a comment Oh outrageous
how dare they one of their excuses was
are they cherry-picked evidence no you
have 80% in both directions
that's not cherry-picking that's the
overwhelming majority 80% of your
research said yes
is man-made and partly because of these
fossil fuels that you're burning okay
and then 80% of your ads sit the exact
opposite all I don't know the man-made
are maybe maybe not
probably not do whatever you do don't do
it this doesn't even include all of the
grotesque lobbying and legalized bribery
that Exxon Mobil and all other fossil
fuel companies did in in in buying our
politicians and say I'll go out there
and go on TV let alone the think tanks
and and go out there in the Senate and
Congress tell people climate changes or
it's a hoax it's a hoax
hurricane Harvey's gonna hit Texas this
week and is set to hit Exxon Mobil
refineries what happened I thought those
are hoaxes
well batten the batten down the hatches
because that hoax is headed in your
direction over the weekend so I hope
nobody gets hurt well you know I'm not
gonna shed a tear if those refineries
get hammered by the climate change that
they knew was on its way and wanted
affected everyone else they didn't care
at all so how long has ExxonMobil been
doing this deceit well an internal exile
Mobil memo in 1979 for instance
acknowledged a possible link between
fossil fuel combustion and an increase
in atmospheric carbon dioxide another
memo from 1980 to describe their
potentially catastrophic events that
could arise from climate change such as
the melting of the Antarctic Ice Sheet
which by the way is happening right now
that's not in the future it's happening
right now today now back then I didn't
even believe in climate change
partly because these guys paid all those
people to lie to us over and over again
their ads their lobbyists their Senators
their think tanks because they made so
much money from that lie and but at the
same time while they had confused us and
and they would later be overwhelming
evidence nine of the ten hottest years
on record were in the last ten years and
on and on and on every record every
almost every month last year we broke a
record
for the hottest month ever in recorded
history for that month in the now the
evidence is overwhelming but they knew
it all the way back in 1982 they told
their executives this will have
catastrophic consequences
I think sectors like wait wait let me
get this right does it have catastrophic
consequences from my bonus and this year
in the next couple of years while I know
it doesn't well continue to stuff those
profits into my jowls and what a
scientist who pays the cost do I pay the
course no I don't the whole world does
ha ha perfect privatize the game
socialize the cause they knew they knew
they knew all along they knew better
than we did the only other person that
in 79 and 82 was sounding the alarm bell
is probably Al Gore they might have
known even before Al Gore a
peer-reviewed study conducted by
ExxonMobil scientists in the 1990s
concluded quote the body of evidence now
points towards a discernible human
influence on global climate another one
from 2002 found that limiting
atmospheric carbon dioxide levels could
be needed to quote forestall coral reef
bleaching thermohaline circulation shut
down and sea level rise but when when
they did an inconvenient truth and now
an inconvenience equals up and then
coming true they talked about the rising
sea levels and conservators partly paid
off by Exxon Mobil were like oh right
that's not gonna happen
in reality they knew decades earlier in
2002 they already had their own
scientists saying oh don't no sea levels
will definitely rise catastrophic
consequences enjoy that anyway and the
executives are gonna go that's
fascinating yeah I'm going to continue
to make millions of dollars and all of
those problems sea levels rising cities
being destroyed extreme weather events
that hit people that kill hundreds of
thousands of people and that is
documented fact as well there are
peer-reviewed Studies on that hundreds
of thousands of people dead that's not
my problem I gotta make millions of
dollars I work at Exxon Mobil it's okay
they're not that powerful anymore Exxon
Mobil right oh no right they're CEOs now
Terri's state and help to kill the Paris
climate Accord which would have done
something about climate change they're
still in charge they're still lying
there still deceiving all of us so now
here's what the ad said at the same time
that they were getting research saying
yes climate change is really yes it's
caused by humans yes it's going to be
catastrophic in their ads they said it's
quote too uncertain to mandate a plan of
action that could plunge economies into
turmoil too uncertain when in fact they
knew with great certainty that it was
happening here's another ad quoted as
unsettled science when in reality their
own scientists concurred that it was
completely settled they have lied to all
of us they've lied for their own profits
and they're gonna make you pay the price
look when your product has a side effect
or a consequence whether it's a drug or
it's polluting into a river we want to
make sure that the kids that are taking
those drugs or that are swimming in
those rivers don't pay the price you pay
the price these guys have put price on
all of our heads throughout all of the
world and they knew it and they did it
brazenly and they did it for profit in
the short term for themselves I want the
money back they took all that money home
but they put all the costs on us and the
costs are now in the billions perhaps
trillions of dollars so where's our
money
you put the cost into that I didn't do
it hey did you gain from Exxon Mobil's
profits I didn't gain from it did you
gain from it none of us gain from it
only they gain from it and they knew
they were lying to us the whole time
give us the goddamn money back at least
let us begin to fix the mess you created
and that you knew you were creating they
have their spokesperson come on sir our
statements have been consistent with all
our understanding of climate science
notice it doesn't say our scientists
understanding of climate science says
just as our understanding our executives
understood that they're going to make a
lot of money and they're going to put
all the costs on you and your families
oh yeah your evidence
80% that's cherry-picked know 20% would
be cherubic 2 percent would be chirping
80% is overwhelming now luckily some
people are finally beginning to take
action
last month's three communities in
California sued 37 oil gas and coal
companies including Exxon Mobil shell
and Chevron for their alleged
contributions to sea-level rise and for
concealing the hazards posed by global
warming
damn straight just the beginning it's
the tip of the iceberg if you will
because these guys have damned us all
they have heated up the planet for their
momentary profit and it they ran amok
and and they did it on purpose at a bare
bare minimum we should get all their
profits back not so that you
redistribute the wealth so that you
actually pay for the cost they created
they redistributed the wealth they put
it in their pockets and they made you
pay for it it's time to get it back the
these suits against these oil companies
is just the beginning and it's not a
matter of retribution it's a matter of
justice why should we pay for your costs
when you all got rich and knew you were
destroying the planet and then when
hurricane Harvey hits over the weekend
exxon mobil refineries they'll cry and
cry nah man no it's it's it's time to
get up and fight back so and now they
got us out of the Paris climate Accord
and they won't do anything to fix what
they started we should sue them to
oblivion
let alone the political consequences
every Republican and if and then and
some corporate Democrats that pretend
that climate change is a trail or we
shouldn't do anything about him
blow them all out vote them all out and
the next time a hurricane hits you in
Texas or Oklahoma guess who
getta these guys did it they did it it's
not that her kids didn't exist before
they are much more severe now look into
the science and if you don't believe the
so-called liberal media science look at
ExxonMobil science they knew it
their scientists knew it all along they
lie to you they trick you and they're
still doing it today watch The Young
Turks commercial free downloaded or
stream it watch it anyway you like a TYT
Network comm slash join
