general John Kelly is the new chief
Stafford Donald Trump and we're told
over and over that he's going to impose
discipline and he's trying so that's
this story I'll tell you what I think is
gonna be a conclusion at the end but
political reports in a conference call
last week Kelley initiator new policy
making process in which just he and one
other aide White House staff secretary
Rob Porter a little-known but highly
regarded Rhodes Scholar who overlapped
with Jared Kushner is an undergraduate
at Harvard will review all documents
that crows across the resolute desk all
of a sudden everybody's calling at the
resolute desk I know that it's been the
name for a while but now everybody's
using in other Trump's and offices
drives me crazy it's the most arresting
in a desk called the resolute desk
anyway Rob Porter is a little-known guy
he's the staff secretary when you get
back to him in a second because
apparently he's making monumentally
important decisions the new system
though is designed to ensure that the
president won't see any external policy
documents internal policy memos agency
reports and even news articles that
haven't been vetted now this is actually
a fairly normal process in a White House
both under Democrats and Republicans hey
we don't want any little Rangers walking
in the Oval Office especially if the
president stupid like George W Bush was
the insiders there said Bush would
listen to whoever was last in his office
so Dick Cheney in a separate story they
also reported the big Cheney would
always stay around after the meetings
were over to talk to which lasts gee I
wonder why he did that so what you want
to do is present all signs of the
president give him all the options and
have him decide without undue influence
by some random straggler like walks in
the Oval Office that's exactly what the
job of chief of staff is so by the way
John Kelly nice job in trying to get it
under control so they explained that the
keystone of a new system is a decision
memo that will for each Trump policy
integrate the input of cabinet agencies
and policy councils and present the
president with various options as well
as with the advantages and drawbacks of
each one look when I say nice job to
John Kelly I don't mean in terms of
policy the policy options are going to
present him are going to be from our
perspective universally loathsome so
that's not what I'm talking about here
but it at least gives you some order
in some way of making decisions in a
rational way here's the drawbacks here's
the upsides
here's your set of options this is
elementary stuff it's ridiculous that it
was not instituted until now eight
months said I thought that he Trump was
gonna manage things so I was gonna make
our head spin
it seems like he made his own head spin
so why do they need this well political
also reports one official called Bannon
a disruptive force who did not want to
follow any set path for making white
house decisions so when Bannon was still
at the white house he just walked into
Trump's office and be like okay here
here's an article I found it happens to
be from Breitbart oh oh it says you
should fire all my enemies and put me on
the National Security Council in terms
of go is that what it says oh oh and it
says that you're really smart oh I hope
this article smart okay I'll do whatever
you say so now ban is gone and they're
like no we're not gonna do things in
that way anymore
look at that to Bannon new one an idiot
Trump was and how easily controllable he
was that's why you would do with the
things that he did so obvious now a
senior White House administration
official says in the past a few senior
administration officials unilaterally
made policy calls that everyone had to
live with it seems like those days are
over
well not quite as you're about to see
but they give an example here in policy
meetings for trade for example Porter
this is going back to Porter now and how
decisions are being made now Porter has
been left to mediate disputes between
the National Economic Council director
Gary Cohn who favors free trade and
protectionist Peter Navarro the head of
the white house is national trade
council wait this Porter dude who is a
White House staff secretary it's mainly
decisions a president should because the
president's out golfing so the manchild
can't concentrate are you kidding me
who's right Gary Cohn who is more of an
establishment figure former head of
Goldman Sachs CEO of Goldman Sachs or a
more protectionist like Peter Navarro
which is what Trump promised on the
campaign that's a decision Trump should
make that's a very very important
decision is that I gotta go too
Lago I go to more Lago so you here have
this secretary do it
and this he's not secretaries in you
know taking dictation etc but he's not
he's going way above his pay grade to
make monumentally important decisions
because there's no one at home now as to
whether this will stick the president
made policy pronouncements without
consulting all the stakeholders in his
own administration political reports
absent a formal policy process there and
put often didn't make it into the to the
President's desk that was the old days
theoretically well they continue to say
whether a president known from
freelancing can live with military
discipline is another matter and then
heavy Troy former domestic policy deputy
assistant says the process works if
people stick to it so here's my
prediction of course Trump isn't gonna
stick to it now Kelly will have order
and they will set those memos in front
of them now remember Donald Trump can't
read past a tweet I'm not joking
this is from his own advisers who said
they first gave him four-page briefings
like they used to give on national
security issues litera Obama he couldn't
handle four pages then they brought it
down to a page then they started putting
pictures and graphs on the one page to
make it pay attention then they started
putting in positive things about him so
that he would read his own name then
they brought it down to half a page and
then finally preparing him for NATO
meetings in Europe they brought it down
to tweet size information the manchild
will not pay attention so I mean sure
give credit to John Kelly for putting
the other memos that has both sides and
a set of options for him even if I don't
like those policy options that's at
least how the process should work you
think he's gonna read those you're not
gonna read those he's gonna watch Fox
and Friends they go hey what did Bert
and Ernie said oh they're so right
there's all right I'm going on Twitter
for example his military advisors told
them you can't do the transgender
military band there's a process for that
so that you can in the long run but
you've got to go through you gotta do a
study gotta go to the Pentagon
all this stuff right oh yeah you can't
tell me what to do Bert and Ernie told
me that I could do it and he tweeted out
you know today in the news they're like
oh yeah well well Cissy tweeted out it's
not really it's not an effect at all a
tweet is not a real thing the president
can't order things through tweet
so James vans defense Secretary's like
we will now begin the process of trying
to figure out if we're gonna take out
transgender people from the military and
by the way he has the authority to not
remove them from the military because
you can't control the manchild what did
you do today his advisers all we got a
memo we put it together and then we put
out a statement in the morning saying oh
that article in The New York Times about
how Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump are
fighting faking is ridiculous no their
on great terms Donald Trump looks at
Bernie Ernie Bert and Ernie on Fox &
Friends to do cease all right Mitch
McConnell Paul Ryan are bastards I can't
believe they're listening to me on their
debt ceiling so we asked you guys I'm
clear on this but this oppose what we've
been doing will trump eventually fire
John Kelly tea white tea network.com /
kelly political and all the others are
very impressed and they're saying no no
he Kelly's in great shape and
everything's gonna be fine and he put
things in order he's done a fine enough
job trying he will not be able to
control Trump and at some point when he
says no mr. president you can't fire
everyone that has ever investigated the
Russia
you can't fire the Special Counsel and
the head of the Justice Department and
the head of the FBI you can't fire them
all is if the why I want to fly the
bernardito my god you're fired
so we'll see that's what I like to make
the predictions at a time but my guess
is yeah he'll fire killing if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network comm /join
