here we are again negotiating the debt
ceiling when President Obama was in
office the Republicans would hold the
debt ceiling hostage and they would say
oh no we need concessions from the
Democrats if we don't get concessions
Congress is not going to approve it we
don't care that you have a Democratic
president we have a Republican Congress
we're not going to approve you approve
the debt ceiling concessions we bought
concessions and a Democrats would have
to negotiate and give them concessions
okay it's okay now the Republicans are
in charge they have the White House and
Congress so you guess what they're
demanding concessions from Democrats
listen to Lindsey Graham let's play
politics with the majority for a change
leave they don't detest ever since I've
been up there we got the floor we can we
can you know determine what comes to the
floor let's take some hard votes plus
make Democrats say no to raise the debt
silly no to funding the truth no to
helping veterans see how many of them
break I don't know why we don't do that
I think that's what President Trump is
saying so now that we control Congress
in the White House completely let's make
the Democrats pay a price earlier when
they control the White House let's make
the Democrats pay a price hmm sounds
like a broken record
and the hypocrisy begin there
Republicans they don't care about it
like that bothers other human beings to
them they're like you just being
rational which is silly of you so back
when Obama was in charge the
conservative outlet National Review
wrote this President Obama is demanding
that Congress raise the debt ceiling in
the next two weeks without offering any
restraint on future debt given an 18
trillion dollar national debt that's a
recipe for fiscal disaster okay wait so
back when Obama was saying let's raise
the debt ceiling that was a disaster
guys I'm actually gonna go out of order
here let's go to a video three now this
is Paul Ryan he's the Speaker of the
House for the Republicans so I was told
by the National Review that we cannot
raise the debt ceiling that would be a
fiscal disaster let's go to Paul right
I'm really not that worried about this
we have plenty of options ahead of us we
will pay our debts and we will make the
debt limit
we'll hit the increase before this is
penetrated meaning we will pass a debt
limit increase before we hit the debt
limit plenty of options in front of us
do those options include a clean hike up
the debt ceiling there's a bunch of
different options in front of us I'm not
going to kind of negotiate to the media
but we have a lot of options front of us
I'm really not worried about getting
this done because I know we will get
this done and we will pass the increase
before we hit the deadline
okay the debt limits gonna raise well I
thought it was a fiscal disaster before
now it's fiscal genius move apparently
they don't care about it Barba see back
then the National Review wrote the
administration is using the debt limit
to put taxpayers between a rock and a
hard place either authorize more debt or
face a financial crisis and government
shutdown that will be orchestrated by
the president hmm you know what again
I'm gonna go out of order here let's go
to video 1
this is Donald Trump in Phoenix just the
other night talking about what is he
doing he is going to orchestrate a
government shutdown to put people
between a rock and a hard wall watch now
the obstructionist democrats would like
us not to do it but believe me we have
to close down our government we're
building that wall hmm hypocrisy much
okay we're not done yet
I've got one more compilation which is a
Jerry Jack's is special about all the
times that they went after Obama fat so
he wants to raise the debt ceiling
oh and he wants things in return that's
outrageous that's that we just keep in
mind that now Donald Trump is saying hey
man I'm gonna hold things hostage until
you give me that wall now watch what
they said under Obama what he's guilty
of is anti-democracy arrogance there's
always a negotiation around lazy raising
the debt limit usually around budget
issues I don't need to hear any crap
from Harry Reid about bipartisanship he
doesn't know bipartisanship nor does the
president and one other thing this debt
default if the president instructs the
Treasury Secretary to though the money
is there to pay interest if he instructs
him to default I think we're getting
close to a high crime and misdemeanor
that would harm this country I mean look
this president is just simply grasping
for straws look in part Congress Korea
to help create this problem but we are
gonna hear doubts solve this problem I
got elected to uphold
institution and to leave this country
better than how we found it we can't
keep spending our kids in there I mean
we can't keep spending their money and
this is why Republicans should be
obstructionist Obamacare is bad for our
health big government's bad for the
economy and my view is if the
Republicans aren't defunding one and
shutting down the other what's the point
of electing republicans and we keep
worrying about the bad politics of the
republicans acting obstructionist in
this way but I think much worse politics
for Republicans would be to get to 2014
and say oh yeah Obamacare is in full
flower and the government's much larger
why did we put them power in 2010 to
begin with this president has proven
that he will do almost anything to
protect the size and the scope of
Washington DC's burgeoning bureaucracy
including to threaten the economic
security of every American by backing us
up to the edge of default why person
David who is guilty of extortion is
President Obama if you look over the
last three years and I think part of the
reason Speaker Boehner others got her
you know we got ourselves into trouble
is we listen too much to Harry Reid in
this breath is the president we should
do what we believe in and it's a form of
extortion that's been particularly cruel
to the poor and the elderly who rely on
fixed incomes so the president is the
one who's committed extortion here and
he's hurt the poor and the elderly the
most the reality is we have to stop
spending money we don't have and you got
to attack entitlement reform and you got
to attack discretionary spending again
obstructionism doesn't look good on a
nightly news but the fact is is that it
has helped lower the cost of government
dramatically yeah David's the only good
thing that's happened in recent years
for the economy less resources are being
drawn out so if a the president
instructs to default its according to
Mitch McConnell death threatens economic
security and back when they were doing
the obstruction of President Obama well
that's the only thing protecting the
economy now they're saying oh we need
the Democrats because this needs to be a
filibuster proof we need eight Democrats
how dare they do obstruction but my
favorite were
the two about how could the president
get us this close to a government
shutdown because of the debt ceiling
that is extortion that hurts the poor in
the elderly most and if he instructs us
to default according to Louie Gohmert it
would be a high crime and misdemeanor
now let me see president Trump one more
time now the obstructionist democrats
would like us not to do it but believe
me we have to close down our government
we're building that wall what was that
about high crimes of misdemeanors TYT
membership gets you commercial free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
