a group of piglets were rescued months
ago by firefighters and the big update
to the story now is that the individual
who owns the farm wanted to thank the
farmer uh the firefighters by giving
them sausages that were produced by
these piglets that were saved so the 18
piglets and two souls survived the fire
in February which saw 60 tons of hay
catch fire now the farm manager Rachel
Rivers thanked these firefighters by
giving them sausages okay so the
firefighters posted a photo of
themselves barbecuing the sausages on
social media and people were kind of
outraged by it so then they took down
the picture and then they apologized
saying that it was insensitive yeah okay
you guys okay it's it's almost as if
they never heard the saying and I'm
sorry this is unfortunate timing
circumstance etc but we do eat pigs
sausages are delicious so they would
have eaten it under different
circumstances so our outrage at them is
a little weird
at the same time don't get me wrong I
get it like it was those particular pigs
that they saved and they're like oh
let's break their necks and eat them
you're right you're right it doesn't it
doesn't sound or look good but I mean if
you take a step back for those of you
who don't believe in eating animal
products I get you I hear you you're
gonna be outraged no matter what okay
however keep in mind that the
firefighters went to save a farm okay
what is the farm for people don't farm
animals for shiggles like shits and
giggles they farm animals because you
know it's their livelihood and that's
that's what Rachel Rivers said she's
like this is how we this is our business
this is how we make money yes oh yeah
we're gonna kill those pigs at some
point anyway and so we wanted to thank
the firefighters by by giving them some
so this is ironic it is a hurry and
that's the fun part
I saw the story it's where I want to
make sure we do it cuz okay so we miss
we have blind spots right I mean
everyone wants to save a dog
except for some people who decide to buy
them like they're you know spend
thousands and thousands of dollars but
in LA we're all like a bunch of dog
savers it's just odd if you go and save
a dog from a shelter and then you're
tired of it so you gonna throw it out in
the street it's just weird you don't
want to kill something you just saved
and go back I mean we know what killed
dogs every day and telling us like again
it all comes back it's what they do they
have to euthanize and kill these dog but
if you go and specifically save one and
then later kill that same buried dog it
seems like it's kind of defeated the
purpose
yeah sure there's pigs gonna be killed
and eaten by someone else but it should
be eaten by the same people that just
saved no no but that's why context is
important here I thought the same thing
like hey can we take a break here for a
second and then maybe have somebody else
eat the pigs later well it turns out
they did it was not like they save him
from the fire they're like oh now let's
put him back in the fire right no it was
six months later they got invited back
to the farm and they ate the pigs then
so they use the pigs in the meanwhile
and they were saving the whole farm not
just the pig context to share with the
audience because it's not like the
firefighters went there specifically to
save the piglets they went there because
there was a fire at a farm and so they
went to go save the farm in general and
by doing so they just happen to also
save some of the animals there but again
look if you're against eating animal
products you're gonna hate it no matter
what regardless of what the context is
and I get that but I also do get that it
is ironic and it just sounds weird yeah
it's like the bad timing of my
circumcision story of course which is
what you guys were all thinking that's
exactly what I was thinking about yeah
well after I tell you you won't be able
to sew a celery you've heard the soup
anyway no no I got circumstance at the
age of six which is a terrible idea it's
maybe one of the reasons I left Islam
anyway no it's just a bad cultural
practice if you ask me anyway and then
they dress you up in a clown outfit is
if that's supposed to make you feel
better and then at some point we went
down to my parents hometown they're like
okay there's a sheep here and ah it's a
present for you I'm like aww they're so
cute you know look at Sally and you play
with the sheep and then they're like oh
no we made a present this particular
slit is so cool we're gonna eat ally
tonight right now in reality you eat
lamb all the time oh if you're in Turkey
all you do is eat lamp you just kind of
didn't want to see it happen right in
front of you you're six and so I did now
partake I didn't eat Ali that night okay
and by the way I love gyros so I do eat
but lamb chunks which is what they serve
that night I've never eaten yes like
Rocco lamb lamb chops well no the chunks
of lamb okay I don't know if it's
because I got scarred that night right
but lamb chops say they're delicious as
long as you don't kill Ali in front of
oh I'm with junior look I know they were
saving the farm I know it was a lot
later I know he pigs just give him
different pigs to eat okay or invite him
over for burgers because you've got to
remember
animals are innocent watch the young
turks commercial-free downloaded or
stream it watch it anyway you like a TYT
Network comm /join
