a 14-year old boy has been arrested in
Saudi Arabia for performing the Macarena
yes the fun 1990s dance craze that took
over America will get you arrested in
Saudi Arabia and it's unfortunate now
there's a video showing what he did
let's take a quick look at that and then
I'll fill in some more details why in
the middle the street fun kid he has a
smile on his face having a good time
starts to become like hurry come on so
apparently this video was filmed a year
ago but he just got arrested for it it
was posted last year but his arrest was
reported just this past Monday okay they
said that this was quote improper public
behavior he is improperly out of date
with the Macarena but outside of that
I'm going to say who doesn't love this
kid
but we have our answer it's the Muslim
fundamentalist government of Saudi
Arabia who are some of the worst people
on earth so I think Footloose is one of
the most American movies ever made and
so and so yes we had this problem too at
some point in America where some
conservative Christians didn't want
people to dance luckily we've gotten
past it there's still tiny tiny pockets
in America and when you run across them
you're like really today who don't like
people who dance yes okay I know it
seems unbelievable again it's this under
these things are not equal that's a
problem we've largely gotten rid of they
still like a bunch of old rules left
over you can't buy alcohol on Sundays
because God's watching or whatever allow
you to bare dry counties I know yeah so
that some of that stills like some
nervous but but it's nothing like Saudi
Arabia where they don't want you to have
fun like anything that's fun is
forbidden and and it's ironically the
most unnatural thing in the world
because fundamentalist of all stripes
will say things like Oh being gay is
wrong it's unnatural well then how come
it occurs in nature so
you know it doesn't make any sense but
you know what's unnatural trying to get
human beings to stop having sex
trying to get human beings to stop
dancing it's in our DNA
for instance the beginning of man and so
trying to stop people from doing that is
the most unnatural thing you could do so
this is part of why I love America
because here we're free and and we could
dance if we like to and if your friends
don't dance there are no friends of mine
okay hey but in other countries like
Saudi Arabia when this happens it's
heartbreaking man because it's not the
fault of the Saudi people that kid wants
to dance let them dance at the old
country dance if you let them they'd all
dance but it's their dictators that are
in charge they made a deal with the
Wahabis yeah I still live millennia ago
barbarians this is so devastating
especially when you consider that the
world is full of pretty terrible people
and here you have like okay you have a
fourteen-year-old who isn't hurting
anyone he's having a little bit of a
good time right you're gonna arrest him
and do what like you're gonna what are
they gonna do with him like what what
kind of justice are they looking for you
know what I'm saying like it's just such
a waste of everyone's time resources
what what does this teach a
fourteen-year-old who just wants to have
fun and dance you know earlier this
mother singer was arrested in inside
Arabia for doing the death dabbe move in
an on stage dance okay there's no other
crime going on in Saudi Arabia just just
this kind of stuff you know people
dancing people dabbing so I know folks
who'll say no but Jake they're like
they're starting to get go in the right
direction and they once let one woman
drive in secret or whatever it is that
they've called reform and you have to
understand you have to take the
tranquilizing drug of gradualism we have
to do this like one inch at a time and
by the you know 28th century or the 30th
century finally Saudi Arabia will be
free no you don't have to do it that way
the only reason why you think you have
to do it that way is if you're already
in power and you don't want to let go of
that power
don't want to risk that power at all so
you want to keep an ice-like grip on it
nobody disobeys us at all this is a
little pressure valve release here oh I
made 1% reform can I continue to be your
dictator right yeah I remember having a
conversation with someone who is part of
Saudi royal royalty and she was trying
to convince me that things are getting a
lot better in Saudi Arabia okay yeah not
buying it and I remember the entire time
throughout that conversation I was like
look I get it okay
you are Saudi royalty and it's in your
best interest to you know put your game
face on and then go talk to other people
and talk about how great your country is
and how they're making so much progress
they're not making so much progress
women are still not allowed to drive
women are still forced to be covered
head to toe a 14-year old gets arrested
for dancing I mean how is that getting
better how is that progressivism it's
not it's slightly better than the old
regime which is damning with very very
faint praise so here's how you can let
women Drive let them drive okay here's
how you can do reforms do real reforms
now what they would say back is well no
no but that would be you don't know the
culture here that would be destabilized
don't care no no no first of all like
that's a whole other thing in that yes I
definitely don't care about the wrong
parts of your culture no interest in
protecting that and and everybody's got
bad parts of their culture and you got
to let that go but beyond that it's all
they mean is destabilizing to whom it's
destabilizing to the people in power and
they don't want that so anyway look let
religion go and okay but there are
wonderful religious people but it this
is definite and clear let fundamentalism
go this whole idea that some religious
leader has a one-way communication or or
maybe even they claim sometimes two-way
communication with God and knows what
God or Allah wants and he doesn't want
your 14 year old to dance and ever have
a good time
he's almost definitely not almost and I
know it they're all lying to you to
protect their own power set yourself
free let go of this ancient garbage
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network comm /join
