we go now to Mitch McConnell the
Majority Leader that sent an article by
Alex burns and Jonathan Martin in the
New York Times talking about what is
going on behind the scenes in the Senate
how how McConnell and the president have
been fuming at each other both directly
and out of each other's earshot
it's fascinating political stuff because
a lot of what has to happen for the
president to be able to quote unquote do
well is to get some of these things like
tax cuts and infrastructure passed in
some way and and McConnell does not like
what the president's doing to some of
his colleagues this is Mitch McConnell
saying president truck what is the
article president Trump and senator
Mitch McConnell have not spoken to each
other in weeks and McConnell has
privately expressed uncertainty the mr.
Trump will be able to salvage his
administration after a series of summer
crises and I think it's important that
we talk about Mitch McConnell saying
this because Mitch McConnell has for a
long time been someone who is saying
stay the course stay the course
everything's gonna be all right we're on
the same page we want to get the same
things done but now he's saying he
doesn't see this president perhaps
making it work yeah this is definitely
something way more significant than
we've had before where you've got not
just one particular Republican senators
so McCain never liked them Lindsey grin
never liked him except when he's
declaring war they're like yes all right
but Mitch McConnell just wants to get to
the tax cuts already right yeah doesn't
he just wants to be able to get some
policy wins for his donors so for him to
talk about how the Republican president
might not make it to the end that's
amazing now it's only not amazing
because this Trump but for it to have
happened to any other president would be
unbelievably be the biggest news story
there was maybe in their entire term if
they're old Majority Leader turned on
him I thought you shouldn't finish the
term imagine if Harry Reid said that
about Obama I mean all minute that Mitch
McConnell in his position of power know
me is saying these things it's it's
unprecedented so far in these
months we've had this room I guess my
question is okay great and what leverage
do you have against Trump because if
they block anything it just helps the
Democrats which are at their weakest
point since 1929 and then it hurts their
reelection they're in this stock they're
just stuck in this position just as the
centrist Democrats I think are as well
because the base side with the centrist
Republicans here's the thing I think
what it does is that it's you know every
kind of drip drip drip of away from
Trump drip drip you're probably not the
right sort of example but I'm just
saying that anytime you see a weakening
of this president and his standing on
Capitol Hill it hurts him you know
exponentially now that Mitch McConnell
says this what's gonna happen is
probably nothing because as genk told us
before and he'll tell us now Mitch
McConnell is not going to do anything
about this he wants to get things passed
he's still a conservative Republican but
what did he say Jake yes so he after the
near attempt story came out and it
became a huge news he then put out a
statement McConnell is saying no no the
President and I are working towards our
shared goals and he talked about
fighting Isis the tax reform so in other
words we both really really want those
tax cuts okay yeah now having said that
he's totally full of crap of course not
this story is true it's well sourced I
mean and it has incredible details
including that when they were on the
phone on August 9th it became they
started cursing at each other and
yelling at each other you know I don't
know McConnell in person all I've ever
seen him is obviously on camera but he
doesn't seem like much of a Yeller more
of a you know we're treating into his
shell the turtle that he is but if
you've got McKee I mean Meccano cursing
at the press I don't know if it was back
and forth on the cursing and shouting
back and forth that's amazing
and then on August 10th at 354 in the
morning this is the day after or the
very early morning after Trump tweets us
as ta7 Trump tweets can you believe that
Mitch McConnell who screamed repeal and
replaced for seven years couldn't get it
done must repeal and replace Obamacare
so he called him out after whatever
their screaming match was and let's just
to go on into the article a little bit
more McConnell as fumed over mr. Trump's
regularly regular threats against fellow
Republicans and criticism of Senate
rules and question mr. Trump's
understanding of the presidency and a
public speech mr. McConnell has made
sharper comments in private describing
mr. Trump as entirely unwilling to learn
the basics of governing so this is all
about Dean Heller and it's about the
senator from Nevada it's about Jeff
Flake it's about the president publicly
calling out his colleagues Lindsey
Graham the senator from South Carolina
said hey you know we have Article five
here an allusion to to the NATO rules
where you attack one of us you attack
all of us certainly within that caucus
that is really probably one of the
things that's setting McConnell off and
in my theory is that the only people
that it benefits at this point and I'll
get to the Democrats in a second for
impeachment is the centrist Republicans
that are in power because they need
their tax cuts no matter what and Trump
is who knows who knows if you can get if
you can get it through if he's gonna
actually be able to rally this stuff
it's it's 50/50 for them but for the
Democrats either way they lose you
impeach Trump you still get these tax
cuts you still get the Republicans in
power and by the way they're gonna be
more effective at getting all the
proposals through if we don't win in the
midterms which my guess is we probably
whoa we have screwed no matter what
they've got Trump and his fascism and
then they've got pence and his
Republican agenda just sweeping through
easily so let's break down McConnell
versus wrong what their different
priorities are so Michael mentioned why
McCall mikanos pissed because he's
attacking his fellow repose
those are tanking McConnell over and
over and it's a great point I hadn't
remembered that it was the day after the
call that he tweeted that angry tweeted
about McConnell and makalah's also
worried about hey look we gotta raise
the debt ceiling where'd you just like
elementary stuff and this guy is so
stupid
that we might not even be able to
execute the most elementary so because
he doesn't know how to govern he doesn't
know anything look remember that he
Trump was in a meeting with the Senate
Republicans when somebody talked was
talking about the taxes within the
repeal of Obamacare and he's like no
taxes related they're like no mr.
president that's a different bill within
this bill are also tax cuts he's like no
they're not and no like oh my god he
doesn't know anything
he was she doesn't know anything he
didn't know about that health care bill
yes he's never of course he hasn't read
he hasn't read of summary of it he
hasn't read any of it he doesn't take
briefings yeah willfully and openly does
not take briefings now so that's why I'm
McConnell's upset because this is an
absolute disaster both for the
Republican Party and legislatively I
mean they can't get anything done
the reason Trump's upset sure it's
embarrassing that they couldn't repeal
Obamacare even though he promised to the
center but no no as a newer Times points
out he was even more animated about what
he intimated was the Senate leaders
refusal to protect him from
investigations of Russian interferes in
the 2016 election
that's why Trump's mad he's like hey
your job is to protect me Mikado's like
no it's not my job Kobe got fired for
that I mean for not protecting the
president against it and you're tired
look as a repair Li unethical I've never
seen McConnell care about ethics before
my life as a guy who cares only about
winning and politics and who will
brazenly switch sides filibusters
terrible the filibuster is great you
know on and on and on right that guy
would protect you normally if you were
normal president and you're trying to
get things but he's not gonna protect
you from a criminal investigation where
he would then be culpable besides watch
how the hell would he even protect you
from that like so again Trump not
understanding McConnell does have
anything to do with a special counsel
but he said why don't you protect me and
by the way guys how guilty is he he's
yelling at everybody why don't you
protect me why don't you protect me for
what if you didn't do anything why are
you so incredibly panicked that is
you're pulling people over
won't you protect people to write your
investigation and if you look at his
support among members that supported him
early on they're not out there
campaigning for him there's silence well
that's and that's what you know that's
what's I think a month off in August
gets you you know you're back in your
district and people are starting to say
well what what's even Republicans are
saying that that they're back home in
their districts and they're getting your
earholes from their concision yes so
lastly and this is what's also really
really important there are no winners
here except hopefully progressives and
the rest of the country eventually but
between these two sides first of all
when Trump loses all the Senate
Republicans as he's in the middle of
losing and nobody protected you were you
from the Russian investigation and they
found real stuff on you those Senate
Republicans are are the ones that are
gonna walk over the White House and go
you're done son right so I'm boy I mean
they especially if you know you did it
as Trump knows obviously based on his
reactions right you idiot you should be
trying to work with those Senate
Republicans at all cost they're your
last line of defense you haven't gotten
to that yet like right now there's
nothing McConnell can do later this a
lot McConnell can do right right so
antagonizing today is so monumentally
stupid thank God for that
now on McConnell side oh my god his
approval ratings are are so abysmal
they're destroyed Trump ruined them so
in Kentucky he's down to 18% approval
and Trump's at 60% holy cow he's more
than tripling him so his the disapproval
for McConnell and Kentucky's 74% I've
never seen numbers like this Harris has
an 8% that number is unbelievable
Congress has an 8% approval rating and
the you know the second biggest leader
in Congress is is out there and his
approval rating is not going to be much
better than that and
popular in their own districts and if
he's not in his own state yeah yeah no
for sure I'm just saying in general the
president is more popular than the
people he's picking on in this case and
Lance within the party when Donald Trump
is impeached you know is it legal for
him to go run for Senate in Kentucky
this is minuchin to campaign for him
down there that would be yeah so the
bottom line is look when these guys are
up for re-election and Trump has turned
their own base against them they're in
for a world of hurt and it is because of
Trump because Rand Paul is at 39% in the
same state and he's mainly kept out of
the spotlight and Trump has not attack
Rand Paul he's attacked Meccano so it's
mainly because of Trump's attacks that
McConnell's numbers are so damn low and
I don't I don't know that you can
recover from an 18 percent approval
rating so it's an excellent chance that
Trump walked in the building blew the
place up and and the Republican senators
will lose as so will Trump so like I
said there's no winners in that fight
except the American people right
eventually watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it any way you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
