James clapper the former director
national intelligence was on you know
CNN didn't have their cameras on all
night until James clapper showed up
James clapper came in talked to Don
Lemon and he had some stern things to
say about the the reality of being
apprehensive at best about this
president I don't know when I've
listened and watched something like this
from a president that I found more
disturbing having some understanding of
the levers of power that are available
to a president if he chooses to exercise
them I found this
downright scary and and and disturbing
are you questioning his fitness yes I do
III really questioned his ability to his
fitness to be in this office and I also
I'm beginning to wonder about his
motivation for it maybe maybe he is
looking for a way out is he a threat to
national security the president well he
certainly could be again having some
understanding of of the levers that a
president can exercise I worry about
frankly you know the access to nuclear
codes the in a fit of pique he decides
to do something about Kim Myung Moon
there is actually very little to to stop
him a fit of pique that's you know
that's reacting with resentment to some
somebodies slighting you in any way it
seems like he would be completely prone
to that yeah so this is part of the
reason I'm annoyed at Trump for making
me agree with guys like James clapper I
got no love for clapper he lied about
warrantless wiretapping of the American
people he I thought he was flippant
about the drone strikes that killed
civilians I think he was one of
my least favorite people in the Obama
administration by a longshot and I think
he's been part of the establishment in
in all the worst ways but having said
that in this case he's clearly right the
guy has moments of pique and he where he
gets agitated and clapper has having
been part of you know the Director of
National Intelligence knows that there
isn't very much stopping the president
from launching nukes so if he wants to
do it in a moment of emotional outburst
he could do it and boy that's a super
scary thought because you know he has
them and then at some point I mean what
is everybody supposed to resign
you can't he could he can push the
button and the fact that Trump can push
the button is enormous ly scary but this
is not new this is not new news this is
something that people have been saying
since Hillary Clinton was running
against him I I hear him I agree with
you but to reiterate the the same things
we've been saying over and over I mean
at what point will it make a difference
I mean this is it's it's already causing
hysteria I mean we can call it what it
is the markets are going up and down up
and down sometimes they're okay
sometimes they're not okay I mean is
that how that has CNN is is trying to
create hysteria or is it having a stereo
on the streets I mean I think this is
just the same thing over and over at
what point are we gonna have enough
James clappers on CNN for CNN to say
it's it's time it may not come but it
may come by having people who have the
ability the levers of power that he
refers to to do something about this
presidency I want to go this is a little
self-indulgent of me but I saw Jim
fallows a tweet storm is that what they
thought when it's a lot in a row a tweet
storm Jim fallows writes for The
Atlantic he's a fantastic journalist he
agrees with us on just about everything
and this is intense it's great this is
I'm gonna read these quickly you're
gonna watch them as I read them this is
what Jim fallows had to say after the
speech I've heard presidential speeches
from JFK onward some good some bad some
memorable some boring some too long and
some elegantly short some I agreed with
some made me grit my teeth some read
from prompter some improvised on through
any
sum-sum pair you want and in some of
them presidents have let their anger
seep through the normal pose of
presidential distance see the thoughts
of our Nixon and then we move on and
those who support he needs starting with
McCain and flake and extending around
the world and then we have ex Sheriff
Joe effectively Trump promised to pardon
Arpaio whether he'll realize that
tomorrow who knows imagine if Eisenhower
gave these sites with these winks about
those resisting school integration in
Little Rock or JFK about Bull Connor
this is not how presidents have ever
sounded before I it struck me because I
liked his writing but it through the
scope of history what we're dealing with
and this is goes back to our I do
declare conversation and how I hope that
this presidency is an anomaly compared
to some of those other presidencies you
know eisenhower did declare Obama did
declare but I do think that there is
something about the way that this guy
operates that when I hear Jim fallows
put it in that context it's just really
important to appreciate well I think
that what clapper was getting at to
noemi's point is what is different he
said you know he questions his fitness
that is a thing that's now rising as a
talking point from the establishment
which means that there are things
building behind the scenes they didn't
get there before they're there now and
it's one thing for clapper was you know
Obama's administration to say it's
another thing when bob Corker last week
said it he questioned the president
stability and his fitness for office is
competence well that's a very Republican
senator from a very Republican state
saying that and so when clapper says
maybe he's looking for a way out you
know whether they amount to anything or
not there's definitely talk behind the
scenes in Washington about how do we get
this guy out he he's a danger is that
not a danger to the establishment
anymore if he was you know I there'd be
a part of me that that found that
interesting right not in this way right
but he's a danger to the Republic and to
the world because I mean it's one thing
when clapper authorizes drone strikes
that are way out of
it's another thing when you authorize a
nuclear strike that's out of bounds qit
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
