last night President Trump one of these
sort of overriding elephants in the room
last night was the fact that Jeff Flake
the senator from Arizona
the junior Republican senator is going
to be primary challenged by someone that
vocally is being supported by Donald
Trump was is you know he's from Arizona
his name was in the room John McCain as
well who you know didn't vote for the
president's health care plan what plan
is generous on my part but whatever the
bill that they put up and so Donald
Trump was a lot of people wonder if he
was gonna call them out and here's what
he didn't do
they all said mr. president your speech
was so good last night
please please mr. president don't
mention any names so I won't I won't
no I won't vote one vote away I will not
mention any names very presidential
isn't it very president and nobody wants
me to talk about your other senator
who's weak on borders weak on crime so I
won't talk about him
nobody wants me to talk about him nobody
knows who the hell he is and now see I
haven't mentioned any names so now
everybody's happy yeah that's great a
entertainment right there yeah okay so
the good news from is that that bass
loves it they love it when he ignores
the advice of his advisors and counsel
they love it when he attacks people even
if it's fellow Republicans so those boos
for flake you like boom full of people
who almost certainly voted for Jeff
Flake almost and yeah you know no
question and by the way Jeff Flake has
voted for 93 percent okay the things
that Donald Trump wants thanks so and
against Obama but in terms of political
strategy that's a nightmare so might it
might be okay for Trump although that
again has its limits but for the
Republican Party overall this guy's a
suicide bomber he went into the party
and he's like okay I want to destroy
McConnell McCain Collins Murkowski flake
now is it in service of getting anything
passed no nothing ever gets passed and
it's less likely to get passed out but I
like that
so and the interesting thing about
Arizona is is there's this very strong
it's a libertarian state this is not
exactly the same as Donald Trump's face
even though there's an overlap and
they're very passionate they're you know
these are people who voted for Jeff
Flake and for John McCain and John
McCain did have a tough race a couple of
years ago but they voted for them
because they were worried about
government waste all that you know that
that's also why Bernie Sanders did so
well he talked about economics these are
economic voters Jeff Flake is the guy
who does the government waste
you know booklet every year or the one
was like oh there was shrimp on
treadmills or the government wasted you
know ten million dollars on that that's
the guy who does that and people love it
they eat it up and come election time
the shrimp or the rhetoric the rhetoric
ooh I don't think anybody loves the
shrimp on treadmill say the last place
you want to have shrimp
okay so look you the media criticizes
speech is unhinged I don't think so I
think it was as hinged as Trump is I
think it's the same thing that we saw in
the campaign I don't think it was any
more unhinged than and then normal yes
he attacked the media over and over yes
he lied
but that's Trump 101 so I'm not at all
surprised by that but at the end of the
day was it effective speech effective in
rallying is base yes but at the for the
Republican Party overall and actually
passing policy it was just a stupid way
to go and because those guys there's an
excellent chance that they're all gonna
lose their re-elections because now the
Democrats certainly don't like the Jeff
flakes and the Mitch McConnell's of the
world and now half the Republicans don't
like them that's a terrible idea for how
to win election as a Senate less oral
Matt it's it still favors the
Republicans and it's a it's a great year
2018 for Republican senators but if this
kind of thing keeps happening Jeff Flake
was not supposed to be a vulnerable
senator he's popular there he was a
congressman there yes that the the
makeup of Arizona is beginning to mirror
Nevada a little bit in the way that
people are moving to Arizona it's a
different kind of more leaning landing
blue and and so there are opportunities
there but this is not the way to play
the politics and it's also not the time
to rally the base there's nothing around
which to rally a year ago he was running
for president there's no policy that
he's taking on the road which is
typically when you do rally the base
right when you get them making phone
calls it's August they're gonna get a
senator's office and say hey the
president there's nothing going on right
it is no strategy there's nothing I'm
saying so you're talking about rallying
the base great you rallied the base why
did he do it the day after his
Afghanistan speech what she went stupid
members of the mainstream media saying
oh he sounded presidential I don't get
it yeah but enough of them said that he
didn't - enough of them had a lot of
problems with the way he engaged
Pakistan in India they
that so I don't think that was such a
great you know as they say a homerun for
the president even from many people
watching the media but he thought it was
so he goes he on the heels of his great
statesmanship the night before he says
I'm gonna go out down to the country and
rally behind that of course this was
planned before the other but yeah we're
over aniline yeah it's just for Zico
he's just lovely but maybe that's why
they did the night before when they did
it so he could then take it to Arizona
you know one of the familiar themes this
was all about the familiar themes that
he brings out to these rallies was of
course building the wall a something
that he talks about all the time but
also to the Arizona audience and here's
here's Donald Trump talking about his
wall and we are building a wall on the
southern border which is absolutely
necessary
build that wall now the obstructionist
democrats would like us not to do it but
believe me we have to close down our
government we're building that wall if
we have to close down the government I
mean that you can talk about the I do
declare people but they're watching that
and they're the ones in the government
right now and they're being threatened
by their president that if we don't
build the wall we're gonna shut the
government down which is the least
responsible thing every Republican will
tell them that every Democrat will tell
them that oh he don't care and he
doesn't care she doesn't he might shut
down the government I don't look he
Bluffs a lot but but he might not be
blogging about this because he doesn't
understand the consequences so in order
for you to be nervous about a bluff you
have to be cognizant of the fact that
you could lose your whole you know pile
you could lose all your money if you go
all-in in this analogy right he's not
cognizant of that at all he's like what
what this is money what do what do you
mean like what game are we playing
he doesn't have leverage in this
situation because if he you know yes
they're gonna have to have a budget
nobody wants there to be a government
shutdown as a result but he just won't
through this with health care and it
didn't work then and it's not gonna work
with the Republicans now because guess
what that guy he's demonizing is gonna
stand up and say I know Arizona more
than anybody anybody here I know that
guess what the border wall is already
there and you know John McCain and Jeff
Flake will have to go to the border and
show look it here's this border wall
that already exists on the border of the
Arizona glory' Texas they've got a river
so as I've said many times this idea of
carrots and sticks is perfectly good
politics and you could play hardball and
threaten someone's reelection and get
them to baby buckle and if you get rid
of them it sends a message to others but
that's but in order to do that you have
to do that in a strategic and smart way
which Trump is absolutely incapable of
so for example two of the people he
threatens most are john mccain lisa
murkowski they just had elections they
won't be up for six years when john
mccain will be a hundred and eighty four
years old
so it is it's such a stupid empty threat
he doesn't know what he's doing and on
the government shutdown heals people
will say to him out mr. president you
can't shut the government down that
would ruin the our credit and and they
would spike interest rates and it could
hurt the economy and something big what
did you just do much good do it okay
and and there's some chance he'd do it
yeah cuz he doesn't understand the
consequences and doesn't care he put
also probably in the back of his mind
thinks well if the government shut down
the Senate in the house are too and then
they can't impeach me help us build an
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
