so Donald Trump gives his speech about
Afghanistan and says that we're
basically going to increase the amount
of troops that are there he makes it a
little bit more vague but then they leak
that there's gonna be 3,900 extra troops
so we know exactly what's gonna happen
so then the next question is how the
Republicans react well for so the war
mongers inside the Republican
establishment they are its ecstatic so
of course a leader of that bunch is John
McCain he says his quote a big step in
the right direction
yes war okay so he's excited for it
there isn't a war that McCain has a
woman to make out with so for all this
criticism of Trump in other areas of
Trump says more war than McCain
I can't applaud vigorously enough he
goes on to say is especially important
that the newly announced strategy gives
no timeline for withdrawal in other
words this is better than just war this
is endless war no timeline for an exit
ever we've been there for 16 years and
he wants to stay as long as possible and
one more he says now he's conducting
himself as a wartime commander and J's
so for all these establishment guys who
couldn't stand Trump and rightfully
criticized him on other issues the
minute that he's making more money for
the defense contractors all of a sudden
they're on his side which brings us to
Lindsey Graham so Lindsey Graham's gonna
go on TV and well let's just say that
he's incredibly excited about the
prospect of endless war let's watch the
first clip I think there'd be a lighted
by a bipartisan support in Congress for
this proposal I'm proud I'm relieved I'm
proud of the fact that President Trump
made a national security decision not a
political decision I'm proud of the fact
did you listen to the generals and most
part of the fact that he shows the will
to stand up to radical Islam and you
know how I feel about hearing my
commander-in-chief say that we're there
to win but I'm very pleased with this
plan and I am very proud of my president
she I couldn't tell are you proud so so
comfortable I'm so proud of for
listening to the generals giving us more
war
yes we couldn't win this war when we had
150,000 people in Afghanistan but now he
thinks Oh with 12,000 oh we're gonna be
winning we're gonna be winning it's
gonna be great but we didn't win it in
16 years but all just give us another 16
years and we'll turn it right around
says oh I'm glad he didn't make a
political decision what does that mean
every decision is a political decision
he's the president he's a politician by
definition so he's just a political
decision that you like and I part of
what he means by that is and the
political thing to do would have been to
appeal to more Americans yes it's called
a democracy it would have been a more
popular decision because both the left
and the right want to leave because
we're not as well not as stupid as you
to be fair to Lindsey Graham he's not
stupid he knows where his bread gets
butter and I'm going to tell you about
that in a second all these guys are
getting rich off of these wars and
maintaining their power through these
wars but the rest of us can't stand it
anymore so that's not a political
decision to agree with us it's a
democratic decision but one that Trump
did not make instead he sided with the
generals the establishment and the
people who have been losing this war for
16 long brutal years so one more clip
from Graham I'm willing to vote on it I
don't think we have to but I will we've
got to appropriate the money I'm on the
Appropriations Committee
I'm on the Armed Services Committee I
will fight Senator Paul tooth and nail
to make sure that we don't lose in
Afghanistan like we did in Iraq it's
just exactly what President Obama did in
Iraq was to leave against sound military
Vice President Trump has the smarts and
the moral courage to listen to his
generals and take their advice rather
than going the political way and I'm so
proud he did because unlike Obama
president Trump is listening to his
generals and to my colleagues in
Congress you will own a no vote the next
9/11 will be your fault not president
Trump's fault if you shoot down this
plan because this is a solid plan into
President Trump
you've shown the will to stand up to
radical Islam but my friend they're
going to come after us they're going to
try to break your will don't let them
dead with it I'm doing all I can not to
curse here so the next 911 will be on
you if you don't support these endless
wars wait a minute
you want to go into Iraq Lindsey Graham
you dumbass you loser in what what
happened in Iraq al-qaeda wasn't in Iraq
now all of a sudden we have Isis in Iraq
oh it's a good base because we left no
it's because we went in in the first
place they didn't attack us on 9/11 we
went into a country that didn't attack
us and you created a monster worse than
al-qaeda that's not our fault Lindsey
Graham that's not your fault that's on
you that's blood on your hands Lindsey
Graham we told you not to go into Iraq
but you did you stirred it up then a
decade later you look oh we shouldn't
leave we should say that forever
Afghanistan we should leave we should
stay there forever we beat al-qaeda so
badly in Afghanistan that over a decade
ago our government announced that there
was less than 50 al-qaeda guys in the
whole country we wiped him out but what
do we do did we leave nope we stayed and
stayed and stayed until the Taliban took
60% of the country until Isis started
entering Afghanistan from the mess we
started in Iraq and idiots like Lindsey
Graham actually again not stupid but
greedy horrible people are now talking
about oh we should have ripped up the
deal with Iran we should go to war with
Iran and then later he'll tell us we
can't leave Iran we can never leave on
Iran we're always at war we've always
been at war we're always gonna stay at
war you guys are the ones that created
this mess in the first place he's
attacking Rand Paul there for saying
that we should leave which is what a
majority of the Americans want so but
then turn around and say anybody who
votes against perpetual war has would
have the next 9/11 on their hands no
they incompetent moron in office right
now is Donald Trump if we get hit it is
100% his fault because he doesn't do his
homework he doesn't want to be President
he just wants power and fame and money
and it would be your fault Lindsey
Graham for starting the endless wars in
the first place so why does he do it for
greed you probably don't remember this
but Lindsey Graham ran for president
this
yes he was among the 17 clowns who ran
for president one of which became
president the other 16 were so
embarrassing they got humiliated by
Donald Trump including Lindsey Graham so
when he was running though he didn't get
big support from one group let's find
out let's go back to that time lee fong
writing for the intercept points out at
the time Graham's super PAC called
security is strength hmm received
$500,000 from billionaire Ron Perlman
whose company Mecca McAndrews and Forbes
owns am general the manufacturer of
Humvees and other products for the
military in December of last year AM
General won a two hundred and forty five
point six million dollar contract with
the army so you want more war so you can
make more money if you're a defense
contractor you're gonna make in their
case just on that one contract they made
two hundred and forty five million
dollars in revenue so then when you give
half a million to Lindsey Graham you boy
that is a wonderful investment on a guy
who has no principles and will tell the
country that off weed if we're not
giving hundreds of millions of dollars
to my defense contractor donors then
we're gonna the next 9/11 I'm gonna
scare you how many people did we lose in
Iraq we lost over 5,000 troops that you
claim that you care about Lindsey Graham
let alone the hundreds of thousands of
civilians dead in Iraq and Afghanistan
but you don't care because Lindsey
Graham is such a monster that when
talking about North Korea said it's okay
if we start a war with North Korea at
least they'll die over there having no
care at all about civilians of South
Korea Japan let alone North Korea itself
those people don't deserve that
they're they're being led by a monstrous
dictator they don't deserve death but
Lindsey Graham doesn't care as long as
he's got that check coming in from
defense contractors and he was at least
honest enough enough at the time to say
this if I were a defense contractor I
big time for Lindsay Graham because I've
been forward leaning on rebuilding our
military yeah well they're already
giving you the money but you don't have
to be that brazen about it but he know
he can't help himself oh you're a
defense contractor remember the person
who buy is me I'll be your prostitute
and that's what Lindsey Graham is have
no other thought about Lindsey Graham
okay that is that is exactly who he is
so if you got money for Lindsey Graham
he's willing to show for all of your
wars and all the deaths that result from
it he's monstrous now we go to our
defense secretary which our
establishment loves Jim mattis now yes
he's more sane than Donald Trump he's
more stable than Donald Trump but is
somewhat of a stabilizing influence but
if you think that Jim mattis Oh Mad Dog
is a good guy and who was just just
genuinely in favor of Wars and he wants
more expansion in Afghanistan he thinks
he'd be four thousand more troops that
will win preposterous insane the only
way you could believe that is if you're
paid to believe it well as it turns out
he is so this is Michael Tracy
reporting for TYT he explains in a
recent article we just put up prior to
joining the trump administration mattis
to whom much of the Afghanistan
decision-making was reportedly
outsourced was quote an independent
director for General Dynamics the
massive military contractor juggernaut
that's funny how this revolving door
works he's in general then he goes and
gets paid a lot of money by defense
contractors then he goes back into
government as the defense secretary and
guess what he wants more war to get more
money for those safe defense contractors
what a wonderful little circle they set
up for themselves as the rest of us die
Manus was paid five hundred and ninety
four thousand dollars by the company
between 2013 and 2016 and accrued at
least nine hundred thousand dollars
worth of stock well at least he got paid
for his services alright Michael
continues to explain during the years
mattis served in the independent
director capacity General Dynamics was
flush with federal contractors for the
provision of research
is related to oh look at that
Afghanistan for example in joining June
2015 the company boasted of a 216
million dollar order from the US Army
for what it calls its warfighter
information network system which it
declared and had successfully served
army units in Afghanistan and I am sure
that it will get re up now Hey look at
that Lindsey Graham's donors got a
couple hundred million dollars James
Madison's former employers who gave him
millions of dollars overall will get a
couple hundred million dollars because
we've got war war in Afghanistan but I'm
sure that didn't affect their
decision-making at all the people on TV
they tell me that they are honorable
gentlemen that these establishment folks
would never lead us astray and their old
financial interests no they would never
take them into account
Tracy ends by saying at present writing
the General Dynamics stock price is
ticking up in the wake of Trump's
announcement well I bet it is all the
defense contractors ecstatic that will
have more senseless war and all the
treasure that'll be wasted all taxpayer
dollars let alone our troops there let
alone the civilians so this monstrosity
will continue and the left doesn't want
it the right doesn't want it the only
people in the country who wanted are the
people making money off of it and
unfortunately in the credibly corrupt
system that we have today you know
that's exactly what will happen they'll
continue to make money as the rest of us
suffer help us build independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
