so this is a comment from our members
section and we try to emphasize those as
we do the show live and it's English
teacher in 1982 so if you're watching on
T YT comm slash live when we're live 6
to 8 p.m. Eastern I read your comments
first so mning in China has not taken
jobs away from the US corporations
relocated those jobs due to incentives
such as lower labor costs and less
environmental regulations etc what China
has done is state-sponsored theft of
American technology we should
concentrate on that so the great points
there when they do the theft of American
technology that's a real crime and a
real issue and we should strike back in
ways that are logical and and reasonable
when they talk about how China is taking
jobs away so it reminds me of when Trump
would say Mexico is sending they're
worse they're not sending their best
they don't know Mexico isn't sending
anyone to us that's not how it works
and in fact thank you for writing that
in because it reminds me of the one
quote that I didn't give you guys from
when we were discussing that China
tariff story in the earlier in the show
Trump said China's and he thinks his
tariffs are working and he says China is
now paying us billions of dollars in
tariffs
so again economists had to remind him
China doesn't pay those tariffs
those are tariffs imposed on American
companies when they import something
from China so China's not paying us
anything but he doesn't understand
anything that's why I love that quote
from his former lawyer calling him a
goddamn dumbbell he's a go I got it I
would I would Chyna paid me billion not
mr. president China hasn't paid a seven
but it doesn't matter fact the
alternative facts don't believe what
you're hearing what you're saying
China's paid us all this money oh yeah
yeah
all right other members for the Young
Turks terror Moss writes in their trunk
wouldn't know nuance if he sat on it so
that point is a little less
sophisticated but I enjoyed it and Gabi
Morita saying whenever I try to
rationalize how Trump makes decisions I
often fall back and on Alonzo bonds epic
quote Lonzo of course
guess host with us from time to time a
great comic he said I can't speak as
stupid as he understands it's awesome
alright TYT calm slides join to become a
member and we'll read your comments
first the TYT Plus app is now available
on iOS and Android download to get more
TYT content at TYT comm slash app
