so last night not only did Donald Trump
address Afghanistan he also addressed
Pakistan there the situation goes from
bad to potentially much much worse
he had some tough words for Pakistan and
this was a mixed bag so first let's hear
him out we can no longer be silent about
Pakistan's safe havens for terrorist
organizations the Taliban and other
groups that pose a threat to the region
and beyond Pakistan has much to gain
from partnering with our effort in
Afghanistan it has much to lose by
continuing to harbor criminals and
terrorists Pakistan has also sheltered
the same organizations that try every
single day to kill our people we have
been paying Pakistan billions and
billions of dollars at the same time
they are housing the very terrorists
that we are fighting but that will have
to change and that will change
immediately
this time for Pakistan to demonstrate
its commitment to civilization order and
to peace yes so this one's harder
because he's right about the original
premise we do your billions of dollars a
year to Pakistan and they do Harbor some
criminals and plenty of terrorists and
their powerful secret agency there
the ISI this their Intelligence Agency
has sheltered people like you might
remember this name Osama bin Laden now
they say oh no heavens forfend was bin
Laden just a couple of miles from our
our version of West Point Oh golly gee
we hadn't noticed him there well then I
guess you're the worst intelligence
agency in the world and and they also
sent a lot of people across the border
so the Afghans were thrilled about this
part of the speech where the president
promised to get tougher on Pakistan so I
don't mind getting tougher on Pakistan
for all those reasons and that makes
sense
and I think that behind the scenes
threatening to pull some of their funny
and then actually pulling it is a good
way of applying carrots and sticks and
in fact James Madison TIFF as Secretary
has already pulled
50 million dollars from Pakistan based
on one specific thing that they were
doing and there are many things that
follow so this is not as simple as
saying Oh Trump's a blowhard and etc no
this is legitimate issues with Pakistan
which unfortunately has nuclear weapons
and can be destabilized and so some
people worry about how Iran is run by
radical Muslims now I think around is
run by normal dictators and oligarchs
they have a very entrenched power system
there where they make a lot of money of
the religious lies that they tell their
population and used to control them they
don't want to lose all that money now
you can argue about the stability of
Iran but if you're worried about the
stability of Iran you should be worried
a lot more about the stability of
Pakistan their radical Muslims I think
have a much better chance of seizing
power and they hate India and India also
has nuclear weapons recipe for disaster
the radical Muslims in Pakistan hate
India should be clear and they've caused
a lot of damage in Afghanistan let alone
other parts of the world let alone
theories that they might have sold some
weapon technology to North Korea so that
is a hell of a problem in Pakistan there
are no easy solution solutions to that
and right now the Trump administration
hasn't done anything wrong and I agree
with what the actions that Mathers took
having said all that in a very
complicated nuanced delicate situation
who do you want to be president if you
say that hothead with the orange hair
god help you god help us all so whether
it's North Korea or Pakistan it takes an
incredibly smart reasoned calm president
who is going to make very important
decisions that could affect the lives
and perhaps the deaths of millions of
people so hope against hope that Donald
Trump doesn't screw this up so again I'm
let's be fair he hasn't done anything
wrong yet except saying this publicly
this brazenly was probably a little over
the top I would have preferred that they
do it behind the scenes that actually
follow
wanna take take away more money not all
of it but to provide some leverage for
us to continue to apply pressure to them
but that kind of balancing act from this
president is a tall order and so if he
starts bloviating again and huffing and
puffing god knows what kind of a mess he
could bring us into impact in Pakistan
so for me I just rather get in my office
and let a smart president deal with a
Republican or Democrat so I hope he
never mentions Pakistan again and I hope
behind the scenes we hold them
accountable in that measured way that
that they've at least begun to under
defense secretary mattis not a lot of
compliments I have for mattis but that
is one of them so for now let's reserve
judgment but I'm a little nervous to say
the least help us build the independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
