The Secret Service has depleted its
funds necessary to pay at least a
portion of its agents one-third of its
agents have already hit the cap for
hours and overtime which means that some
of them might have to work for free
unless the Congress does something to
allocate more funding force the Secret
Service now a lot of this has to do with
the fact that last year was a tumultuous
one to say the least which required a
great deal of Secret Service to get
involved to protect presidential
candidates and be involved in the
political conventions that took place
but Donald Trump's administration is
also not making things easy when you
consider the fact that he's constantly
traveling for pleasure and also he has a
gigantic family which also requires a
Secret Service now agents must protect
Trump who has traveled almost every
weekend to his properties in Florida New
Jersey and Virginia and his adult
children whose business trips and
vacations have taken them across the
country and overseas now the part of
this that that is frustrating to say the
least is his sons who are constantly
traveling to other countries for Trump
related business also get Secret Service
and so taxpayers are footing the bill
for that and that's not related to work
for our country or for the government
it's solely based on work that they're
doing for their own personal businesses
more than 1,000 agents have already hit
the federally mandated caps for salary
and overtime allowances that were meant
to last the entire year since his
inauguration Trump has taken seven trips
to his estate in Mara Lago traveled to
his bed Minster New Jersey Golf Club
five times and returned to Trump Tower
in Manhattan once now have more details
for you but just to give you an idea of
how much all of this costs take a look
at the following video the repeated
visits to his Golf Club in New Jersey
round-the-clock security for the first
lady and their son inside Trump Tower in
midtown Manhattan until recently tonight
there's more scrutiny on the strain of
those operations for the men
women who protect president Trump and
his extended family they are now working
overtime hours they are not getting paid
for today Secret Service Director
Randolph Alice said about 1,100 agency
employees will work overtime hours this
year and just to give you an idea under
Donald Trump 42 people have protection a
number that includes 18 members of his
family that's up from 31 during the
Obama administration so there's things
that they can't do anything about things
that they can so can't do anything about
the fact there's 42 people in your
family his wife and his son stayed
behind in New York until June so he can
finish the school year there some have
criticized that because that involves a
whole nother security apparatus at Trump
Tower in New York and it's perpetual
whereas you could have one apparatus in
Washington okay but you know I think
that it could be argued that that's
nitpicking the one thing that he could
definitely control is how much he goes
to golfing vacations / outings at his
own places which he's using mainly for
advertising that's right so not only
does he keep talking about his winter
white house or in a reference tomorrow
logo and now he's got a summer White
House these are all giant ads
multi-million dollar ads for his
properties and he even had the temerity
after the Charlottesville press
conference which was an absolute
disaster where he blamed the counter
protesters as well to then plug his
properties in Virginia which he also
goes to the man has no bounds of decency
or morality and here's a guy who
criticized Obama's vacations immediately
taking far more vacations he's in the
middle of a giant 17 day vacation now
after taking so much heat for a day
changed it to and now it drives me crazy
when the press dutifully reports it as
such it's now a working vacation right
sure it is okay and so that he can help
but he's not and so that's if you're a
conservative being cared about our
taxpayer dollars I mean they're throwing
them away in in bushels here and by the
way can you stay at the White House one
goddamn weekend and do your job you're
the president it's not an easy job you
have to be yes you have to be
vigilant 24/7 and he's nowhere near that
vigilant right I mean it's interesting
because he'll brag about donating
$100,000 to the Department of Education
a hundred thousand dollars from his you
know presidential salary while he also
simultaneously cuts millions of dollars
or proposes to cut millions of dollars
from the department but here's the thing
how about you keep your salary and just
travel less especially when it's travel
that's completely unnecessary and you're
specifically doing it to advertise your
businesses and also I mean think about
how frustrating it is to have to pay for
sons to travel to other countries for
their businesses and I get it look it's
a tough situation because even though
it's frustrating they also need security
I could understand why they would need
security but there could be ways to save
money here and he seems completely
unwilling to do it all so let me give
you an idea of what's being proposed in
terms of allocation of additional
funding so there is a proposal to raise
the combined salary and overtime cap for
agents from 160 thousand dollars per
year to 187 thousand dollars for at
least the duration of Trump's first term
also last year Congress did have to
approve a one-time fix to ensure that
1,400 agents would be compensated for
thousands of hours of overtime earned
above compensation limits so this is an
ongoing issue and again it's only made
worse with all the travel involved with
Trump and his family there's also the
personal enrichment angle now other
Republicans have spent 1.3 million
dollars on Trump properties sometimes
just the stay in Washington or to do
conferences in Washington at his hotel
but uh you know part of the reason they
do it is to make him happy so you know
he gets personally enriched and and then
he then has more favors for the people
who stayed at his properties and finally
to give you a sense of how much money's
involved here the Secret Service has
already spent $60,000 in golf card
rentals
alone this year on his properties now if
you really cared about the American
taxpayers you could say hey you know
what the golf carts you're using to
protect me while I go nonce
golfing at my own property I'm not gonna
charge the American government for that
but no he loves to charge the American
government for that every one of us
outing Samara lardo has caused at least
three million dollars so into Anna's
point when he brags about all I'm not
even taking my salary which is you know
I think for the entirety of the year is
about four hundred thousand dollars
yeah but you've spent almost ten times
that every single time you go tomorrow
long ago and you've got there seven
times already so please spare me the
bragging about how you're not taking a
salary because you're wasting a ton of
our money and running our secret service
into the ground while you're at it if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs joy
