Donald Trump says that he wants to build
a wall in order to prevent criminals and
drug traffickers from bringing drugs
across the border but an interesting new
trend is emerging with drone technology
improving more and more drug traffickers
are actually using drones in order to
get drugs past the border now police
recently busted a 25 year old American
citizen George Edwin Rivera about 2,000
yards from the border after spotting his
drone in flight authorities recovered
the drone as well as a huge stash of
drugs 13 pounds of meth which is worth a
reported 46 thousand dollars on the
streets so here's a picture of the drove
mini used its retail value is about five
thousand dollars and it was created
specifically to carry heavy material so
people in the film industry use this
drone in order to you know carry cameras
and do aerial shots and so it's
interesting because not only has this
happened at the border
apparently drug traffickers are now
using these drones to drop drugs in
prison yards just last week a smaller
hobby drone was used to drop off a
package containing marijuana a mobile
phone and a razor blade into a prison
yard in Michigan that was actually the
third time it happened in the state so
yeah so well there goes Donald Trump's
idea of well we got to build a wall
because otherwise it with a fence that
the guys are throwing and regulars are
throwing 60 pounds of marijuana over the
fence and hitting people in the head
he claimed that that's never happened
it's not documented it's not true it's
another crazy Trump line so but in this
case they don't have to throw the 60
pounds of marijuana over the wall
anymore you could just fly it in on a
drone and yes sometimes they get caught
but often times they don't get caught so
now the point is the drugs legalize and
regulate the drugs please for the love
of God a wall isn't gonna solve the drug
problem okay
drug traffickers are gonna find a way to
get the drugs across the border if
there's demand for it just legalized or
decriminalized it regulate it and take
the power away from the cartels why is
it so hard for people to understand that
but no Anna I think we'd go just one
more year with the war on drugs
we'll turn it right around and we'll win
if we're winning it people who are using
meth need help right but if you if you
legalize and regulate meth here's what's
not gonna happen people who have no
interest in meth using meth all of a
sudden like just legalize it regulated
get people to help they need take the
power away from the cartels let's move
on with our lives please yeah it's not
like if it's legal I'm like oh all of a
sudden I'd like to have all my teeth rot
out lose my mind and attack people
randomly sure I'll sign up for that now
just make it a tiny bit safer but so of
course the walls also for immigrants
coming in but this whole idea that it
was gonna win the war on drugs with the
wall is so preposterous
as someone pointed out and Trump didn't
have an answer for during the campaign
they're like well they could dig
underneath and he's like like he never
thought of that and oh they could also
fly above it with the drones we caught
one drone God knows how many there are
dozens or hundreds out there so this has
just begun help us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
