it was reported yesterday that Donald
Trump will increase the number of
products coming in from China that will
have to deal with tariffs and these
because trade war continues and just
last week it was reported that the Trump
administration is thinking about
sanctioning China following their
treatment of minority Muslims in their
country which was strange and so I was
curious why Trump who's been pretty
brutal in his rhetoric and his actions
toward Muslims would care about human
rights abuses in China well it turns out
that it's part of a larger issue that
Trump has had with China and he is
approaching our problems with the
country in a way that's very different
from previous presidents including
George W Bush and Barack Obama now to be
fair there are a number of issues with
China and Voxx did a great job listing
all those issues including the fact that
Beijing has stolen US technological and
personal secrets for its own advantage
antagonized US allies in the South China
Sea killed or imprisoned more than a
dozen American informants and taken
millon millions of US jobs over the past
15 years now we hear Trump talk about
the jobs quite a bit we hear him talk
about how he believes were being taken
advantage of by China when it comes to
trade but this administration isn't
really focused on one thing or on a
couple of things it's focused on
everything related to China and and
their what we perceive to be their
wrongs so that's an expert saying that
Bonnie Glaser from Center for Strategic
and International Studies and the reason
she says that is now people are
concerned that that Trump isn't just
trying to gain an advantage in trade in
one particular area or do a deal with to
block North Korean nuclear program in
another area that what he's actually
trying to do is actually create a
downturn in the Chinese economy so they
are not as big of an economic competitor
to us right but that is a very very
dangerous game to play because if you
have a significant down
in the Chinese economy it could have not
just ripple effects but tsunami effects
throughout the entire global economy
they're the second largest economy in
the world and it could come back to bite
us but that would require an
understanding of consequences and a
chessboard and how you do strategy
that's why it's not the most amusing
part of this story was a quote from
another so-called strategist as saying
Trump is engaged in a sophisticated form
of economic war for warfare to confront
the Chinese when I read that court I
thought which strategist is saying that
he is doing sophisticated former I'm
gonna make note of who is this guy in so
I never pay attention to him again and
then I saw the quote is from Steve
banner okay so it's not sophisticated
that's part of the problem and look I
want us to be believe it or not I want
to be fair to Trump because there are
issues with China and we've had issues
with China and the approach from
previous presidents has been very
different the approach has been more
diplomatic because the thinking was and
I think that I agree more with this and
the way Trump is handling it if we try
to engage with them in a diplomatic way
and we actually open up the economic
possibilities with China there's a
possibility that they are more willing
to work with us and and do something
about the human rights abuses that
they're committing in their own country
just as one example but no Trump comes
in and he's like I'm gonna crush them so
tariffs just random sporadic arbitrary
tariffs I'm gonna slap them on to
Chinese products that we import and then
we're gonna crush their economy and then
they're gonna be so desperate that
they're gonna do what we want them to do
but it doesn't work that way I'm not
sure that I agree fully with either
option so the bush-obama option was
total engagement so if we bring them
into the you know developed countries
and we do an engagement policy
we could consider them quote-unquote
responsible stakeholders that they will
then act in a responsible way I look I
get the upsides of it and they have
joined the world community in other ways
and if foster trade etc that has been
positive on the other hand it is a tiny
bit naive so what they are much more
likely to do is what they've done thank
you very much for all the things that
you've given me I'm still gonna go and
take your secrets and do the
cyberattacks and and take every
advantage that I can and it's a
relatively smart strategy but they do it
behind the scenes so they don't seem
like the bad guys now Trump on the other
hand comes in like a bull in a china
shop if you will and and he comes in he
goes redo tariffs we attack you well
okay but you were so unsophisticated now
we look like the bad guys okay so look
the way that Obama and Bush handled it I
get it there is a certain level of you
know being naive and thinking oh if we
work with them they're gonna give us
what we want and of course it didn't
really work out that way however there
are some major issues where it did work
out to our advantage so for instance
look one of the bigger factors in North
Korea being a threat to the United
States or to any other country with
their nuclear capabilities quickly
developing nuclear capabilities is hey
you know what there's China and China is
really the only country that continues
to support North Korea so if we can get
China to agree with us and to actually
impose these these sanctions economic
sanctions against North Korea well then
you stripped kim jeong-hoon of some of
his power but here's the thing China had
agreed to do that China had agreed to
play along with the sanctions until
Trump started attacking them ruthlessly
and you know incessantly and started
going after them with these tariffs and
now they're like no we're gonna open up
our relations with North Korea again
we're gonna go ahead and help them out
economically again and that's what's
happening right now
so look the I think that there's some
middle ground I'm not a foreign policy
expert I don't know exactly what that
middle ground is I do know that I would
prefer the Obama Bush you know strategy
way more than
we're seeing with Trump and remember
there's also the added after effect of
increased consumer prices here in the
United States because one of the things
that Trump thinks is gonna happen is all
right well Apple for instance relies
heavily on Chinese labor to make its
products and so if the tariffs are high
maybe Apple will bring jobs back here to
the United States except Apple has said
no we are not gonna do that we are going
to they literally said we're gonna pass
the cost on to the consumers so Trump
hasn't thought any of this through he
just thinks by bullying China they're
gonna go ahead and cave or concede to
what he wants but they're it's not
working out that way so look I'll give
you my quick take on what I would do
instead but first to Ana's question it's
just a no-brainer is a bush Obama policy
that I think is a little too trusting
versus the the Trump policy of breaking
everything in your path no of course I
take Bush Obama and those two situate it
just if those are the only two choices
Trump is doesn't even realize the
overall Chinese strategies to wait him
out there like at most he's gonna be in
office six years that's the law in
America whereas she the the leader of
China is basically declared that he's
gonna stay there for life
so he's like we'll just wait for a new
administration so if I was in charge I
would realize that dynamic and realize
hey I can't play the long game here cuz
they can't they have a much easier way
waiting us out then than we do of
affecting them in the long run besides
which I don't want to crash their
economy that is obviously gonna have
effects on us so I would do likewise
like for example the Chinese they we
believe they hacked into the Office of
Personnel Management and stole sensitive
information on millions of Americans so
what would I do
I would hack into all of their for every
system of ours that they broke into our
government office of ours that they
attacked it with a cyber attack I would
do three times as much to them but
publicly I'd say oh my gosh China had a
cyber attack against them where all the
sensitive from their sensitive
information is now in the hands of other
people well golly gee I wouldn't know
anything about that
as the Chinese wouldn't know anything
about that
attacks against us well I can't imagine
who would be doing that so you would
send a message to China
look my button is bigger than yours okay
you want to attack us we'll attack you
but we're not gonna get caught with our
hand in the cookie jar why why is that
relevant because you want to appeal to
other nations to work with you instead
of China including on trade deals so
that helps lift your economy up instead
what has happened because we're as
Trump's a lawyer called him he's a
goddamn dumbbell so now China has run
into the open arms of the rest of the
world including Russia Russia yeah so
I'm glad you brought that up because
that's an important part of this
equation as well look the United States
is not the only country in the world
right we are not the most powerful
country in the world yes we're powerful
but you also have to keep in mind that
there are other countries with massive
economies that China can do business
with and that's exactly what's happening
right now they decided hey you know what
let's uh let's increase business with
Russia and Iran and so these are thin
like the after-effects of Trump's
policies his ridiculous not so well
thought out policies are not so good for
Americans like while he thinks that he's
actually helping Americans and he's
attempting to bring jobs here he's not I
think that there is a way to do it and
I'm not saying you let China do whatever
it wants but the way that Trump has
handled this has been childish it he
hasn't thought it through it son nuanced
and so I mean we'll see what happens but
China has already responded to the
latest round of tariffs coming from
Trump by saying all right well we're
gonna retaliate more tariffs for America
the the dumbell really thought that
China would just cave that he thought oh
my god you put tariffs on us I'm so
sorry I'll do whatever you want mr.
Trump of course they're not gonna do
that they're the second-largest kind of
in the world so what did they turn so
one of the things that Trump did to
punish them was you're not allowed to
participate in our war games anymore in
the Pacific that we do with 22 other
countries okay I mean that's a debatable
strategy but what did it lead to it led
to China
four months later making a deal with
Russia to participate in war games with
them and then that led to honoring Putin
Putin honors XI and then next to you
know there
more trade and their their boats are
being lifted up while we're getting less
trade and unless good results in our
economy and so and what is the net
result remember Trump is obsessed with
lowering the trade deficit but all it's
done since he's been in office is go
further up just last month it went up by
31 billion dollars just against China
so it's an epic failure on every front
he's weakened us throughout the world
and then he says outrageous things like
this like you can say China's done wrong
things we say don't we just said it on
the show and I told you how I would
fight back and it wouldn't be pleasant
but he says we can't continue to allow
China to rape our country and that's
what they're doing come on man you're
supposed to do a tiny bit of diplomacy
he says it's an economic enemy because
they have taken advantage of us like
nobody in history it's the greatest
theft in the history of the world what
they've done to the United States no I
don't really you're talking about I feel
like that's a perfect strategy to get
China to work with you yeah they'll do
exactly what you want after you accuse
them of raping us yeah this has to be
carrots and sticks but if your stick is
a chainsaw verbally and actually has no
real stick economically well you've got
the worst of all worlds you've got a lot
of bluffing and a lot of bluster with no
actual effect and and it's so so even
people in his own administration don't
agree to this the Republicans don't
agree in this no one thinks this is a
good idea outside of Donald Trump and
Steve Bennett thanks for watching this
free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
calm slash join
