genetic testing is something that a lot
of people are trying out to figure out
what their heritage is to figure out
whether or not they might have some
genetic concerns to address but there
are members of white supremacist groups
who are doing these genetic tests just
to figure out how pure they are are they
completely white or do they have
something else mixed in well these tests
are awesome because more often than that
they'll find that some percentage of
their G's indicate that they're actually
maybe sub-saharan African or from a
different part of the world and not
completely European white so in a new
study sociologists Aaron Panofsky and
Joan Donovan actually looked at years
worth of posts by these white
supremacists in regard to their genetic
testing and they wanted to see what the
reaction would be from white supremacist
groups would they just flat-out reject
these individuals now that they found
out that they're not completely white
well what they found was that about 153
users shared the results of their
genetic tests on one of these alt-right
or I should say white supremacist
websites and what they found was the
following instead of rejecting members
let's go to graphic 3 instead of
rejecting members who get contrary
results the conversations are
overwhelmingly focused on helping the
person to rethink the validity of the
genetic test and some of these critiques
while emerging from deep-seated racism
are close to scientists own qualms about
commercial genetic ancestry testing so
let me clarify that scientists are
worried about the methodology but when
it comes to white supremacist they
questioned the methodology only because
it gives them a result that they don't
like yeah so we talked about this on the
show yesterday - they're still working
on perfecting these ancestry websites
and the methodology that they use and
the more people that use it the better
they may become because then they can
track more parts of the world's etc but
those qualms with the the exact
certitude of these tests is different
from the Oh white nationalists guys
because
as if you give you a sense of that
they'll do things like well alright
alright listen it says you're partly Jew
but you should use the mirror test
there's a thing that they do okay so
what's the mirror test I'd never heard
of it so I wanted to know it sounds fun
it's not okay grabbing for here we go it
says if you see a Jew in the mirror
looking back at you that's the problem
if you don't you're fine these are not
people interested in science no no
there's more there's more I mean of
course this is a group of people that
usually buy into crazy conspiracy
theories right others try to discredit
the genetic tests as a Jewish conspiracy
of course there that is trying to
confuse true white Americans about their
ancestry by the way the 153 users who
shared their genetic test results were
writing on Stormfront so that is the
webpage that these sociologists
monitored and got these reactions storm
from is front is white nationalist
anti-semitic yeah the whole schpeel
well imagine how threatening that is to
your pedigree it's like if you went
bought a collie and you think it's gonna
be a beautiful collie and you find out
it's actually a reindeer Chihuahua and
an ocelot so this is terrible and
embarrassing if you're a white
nationalist you have the pride and then
you you know spit in a cup or pee in a
tin can or whatever you do and they find
out that your e all of the above that's
kind of horrifying for you then you have
to sell to your friends well actually
you know I you should have me at the
dinner table I'm like just like you and
you're not it kind of reminds me of the
diminishing membership of the Catholic
Church it's starting to get small so
what do you do you get a new pope
instead of saying well you know we hate
this and we hate that it's like we love
everyone love is the name of the game
and so it kind of works that way now
yeah it's we have to include cuz think
of it if one of them has these genetic
anomalies three to eight percent they
all probably do cuz everybody did it
with everybody's grandmother at one time
yes oh that's a great point because
part of the reason that the religious
folks let go of other tablets like you
were you're not supposed to get divorced
and that was a big deal back in the day
but then everybody got their worst and
they're like it's hard to hate everybody
so we gotta have to pick a smaller group
and then they went with gays and I'm
like okay let's hate and then they found
that everybody has somebody gained their
family they're like oh right
so now storefront is the you know is
where hate is Center that's it's built
on that and so in this case they're
really in a conundrum because like what
if it's a newer member there and they
test now you know I don't know if it's
8% or 14% sub-saharan African which by
the way happened to one of their leaders
this guy Craig Cobb who was had actually
bothered to do an all-white Enclave
where he was trying at least in North
Dakota he goes on a talk show and they
do the test on him and he's 14 percent
African so and he said oh no no no no it
can't be can't be right
what they find out you're eight percent
Jewish or whatever if you're a new
member they're like no get out of here
we don't want your I guess he could
argue that he's actually South African
you know right
it's different yeah I'm Dutch I'm but if
they if you go to the whole but if
they're older members yeah they're
already part of the US and so you know
my sense of the conservative mind now
it's not fair to lump conservatives with
these clear and devout races but is that
but it's it's just a smaller subgroup of
that is that their conception of us is
different like for normal conservatives
a lot of them are great to their family
great to their community great to their
church so it's not that they're bad guys
it's just they have a smaller version of
us right whereas progressives have a
much larger version of us blacks gays
Asians Jews everyone right and we want
to expand the circle of liberty and
freedom and and they have more and so
when the racist they have a really small
definition of us so that if you're 8%
you they're like ah and we and we all
know genetically what happens when you
in breed I mean this is actually the
problem if you want to have something so
specific and it's just you and your
sister
you know you're gonna have like three
had a genius coming out of that little
equation and that's kind of what we're
dealing with here in many ways yes
you're gonna and so just last point on
that is that the but if you're an older
member even if you're pretty heavily
percentage you or black or whatever like
but he's already part of us so that's
why they're kind of stuck here and Ellis
is not that big anyway so that not only
are they stuck they do play all sorts of
mental gymnastics in order to accept
that person or continue to accept that
person into their group so I'll give you
an example
others were told they could remain part
of white nationalist groups in spite of
that what their ancestry revealed as
long as they didn't mate had children
with certain ethnic groups others use
these test results to put forth a
twisted notion of diversity one that
allows them to say no we're really
diverse and we don't need non-white
people to have a diverse society so
they're saying that they are just
inherently diverse because they have
some percentage of their background that
isn't white yeah no no we're okay we're
diverse that dudes seven percent Jew and
that one's three percent a Arab what
covered and have you noticed how
progressives we make love these people
mate like chimpanzees or or you know
ocelots or three toed lemurs you know
it's really core wanna out there yes I
admire by the way funny I didn't really
it didn't really like hit me until you
put it that way I never refer to sexes
as mating yeah because they're so
obsessed with breeding yes right like to
your point about dogs earlier they it's
about keeping the them purebred and what
a terrible way to live but nobody like
okay I'm not going to choose based on we
the content of your character I'm just
going to choose based on whether you're
in the right race or religion and then
in terms of finding my mate who cares if
we're compatible or we love each other
the question is an arbitrary one are you
in the
do you have the right breeding which by
the way we're likely wrong on and we'll
find out after the ancestry test watch
The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
