question for both of you do you think
Steve Bannon is more effective inside or
outside the White House well okay this
that's a great question Michael and and
I think the answer is he was already at
his peak and he doesn't know it he
thinks oh no I'm gonna come out and I'm
gonna go back to bright board and we're
gonna get the gang back together again
and and you know etc no no you guys are
at the peak of your power Trump is going
to resign at some point and then you're
going to be amazed to find out how
little power you have what a small
minority you are in the country you're
never ever going to be able to put the
other candidates that win elections
again because the country is not alright
we are not neo-nazis and yes there's a
part of a part of the Republican base
that likes that but who are they going
to cling to because the rest of the
Republicans don't like that that we're
probably an establishment I mean it is
not like that so there's not a lot of
right candidates that are kind of come
out and succeed from here on out look of
course I could be wrong and I'm sure
that people will disagree it's certainly
the hall right we'll go you crazy we're
only gonna get stronger and stronger no
you had your heyday from here on out
it's just nothing but down for you guys
so I think that he now feels like oh
I'll get him on get him
no it doesn't that's it today was your
peak and you're going forward yes from
time to time he'll lash out he'll make a
difference there'll be a clash there'll
be some degree of power but eventually
it'll dwindle until you go-o-oh remember
those all right guys and they'll largely
go to the dustbin of history so I don't
think that Trump's gonna resign I think
that you know he will maybe get
impeached but he will leave kicking and
screaming that's my speculation on
obviously this is also however he leaves
he leaves kicking and screaming whether
he even if he serves two terms and he
flies out on Air Force One on January
20th 2024 5 whatever it is yeah yeah
that always kicking screen but um I do I
don't think the Bannon is going to be as
effective now that he's not in the
internists raishin and it's because I
think that his strategy will probably be
to attack the admit
raishin maybe even attack Trump and try
to maybe coerce him to tow a certain
line that that appeals to the alt-right
but Donald Trump doesn't operate that
way right so he's not coercive all and
he usually will compound a bad situation
oh that's a great point by Anna now that
you said it that way Anna I just saw the
future for a second
so Trump won't be able to help himself
and he'll start attacking the alt-right
and thereby screw up his base even worse
I think that's likely to happen do a
little John McLaughlin you're both right
correct yeah you know you what would he
would say you're never more powerful
than when you have the president's ear
every day yeah and that's really what it
is he won't have the president's ear he
won't be in it and he will not be as
powerful except for like what you said
just once in a while there'll be
something that pokes at at the White
House or at some of these people they
don't like but I think that is his power
has is like this that he has as you said
peeked hashtag dustbin if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
